Terry Martin (1937 – May 12, 2012) was a California surfer and surfboard shaper who worked for Hobie Surfboards, shaping more than 80,000 surfboards, including boards for surf legends such as Corky Carroll and Phil Edwards.
Martin grew up inland and was not exposed to surfing until later into their life. At the age of 14, their family moved to Point Loma. Their first board was long and weighed . At the time surfboards were over , and tended to be very long.
Martin graduated from Point Loma high school. They served in the Air Force Reserves, and worked in construction, in shipbuilding, and as a door-to-door salesperson. In 1963, they joined Hobie Alter in their Hobie Surf Shop.
The first board Martin created was a board made out of lighter balsa wood and redwood that they had salvaged from a lumberyard. This board weighed only . It also had no fin, which allowed Martin to do tricks and moves that other surfers weren't able to do.
Martin shaped an average of 10 boards a day. They were given the nickname “The Machine.” Over a span of six decades, they created around 80,000 surfboards. They created signature boards for Gary Propper, Corky Carroll, Gerry Lopez, Wayne "Rabbit" Bartholomew and Joyce Hoffman.
The last board they made was a balsa and redwood Hot Curl. This was a replica of the board they had made when younger.
Martin died of melanoma on May 12, 2012.
References
External links
Terry Martin project website
Surfboard shapers
1937 births
2012 deaths
Deaths from melanoma
Sportspeople from San Diego
Paolo Angelo Ballerini (14 September 1814 – 27 March 1897) was an Italian prelate who was named by Pope Pius IX as the Archbishop of Milan. They also served as the Latin Patriarch of Alexandria. Their cause of canonization has begun and they are now a Servant of God.
Life
Ballerini was born in Milan in 1814, at the time, part of the Kingdom of Italy. In 1837 they were ordained as a priest for their native archdiocese and then in December 1857 they were named vicar general of the archdiocese. In the early days of 1858, Archbishop Romilli suffered a stroke so Ballerini's duties in the management of the archdiocese were increased due to the critical condition of archbishop Romilli.
Archbishop of Milan
In May 1859 Romilli died so following the Concordat of 1855 the Austrian emperor suggested Ballerini, a staunch conservative, as Archbishop of Milan and Pope Pius IX accepted soon. The Italian government, that had taken possession of Milan and Lombardy after the Second Italian War of Independence, refused to recognize Ballerini as archbishop because they opposed the cause of Italian reunification.
Ballerini was unable to take possession of their see as archbishop but Auxiliary bishop Carlo Caccia Dominioni governed the archdiocese. In October 1866 bishop Caccia di Dominioni died and the chapter of the Milan cathedral named Filippo Carcano as vicar of the archbishop, Ballerini didn't agree with this decision so in order to avoid other problems pope Pius IX named Luigi Nazari di Calabiana as Archbishop of Milan and Ballerini was named as Latin Patriarch of Alexandria. The former archbishop of Milan participated in the First Vatican Council, where they supported the dogma of papal infallibility.
Ballerini spent their later life in Seregno, where they died in 1897.
Cause of beatification
The Archdiocese of Milan opened their cause of canonization in 2015 and they are now known as a Servant of God.
Works
Sancti Ambrosii Mediolanensis episcopi..., Opera omnia, curante P.A. Ballerini, I-VI, Mediolani, e Typographia Sancti Josephi, 1875-1883.
References
External links
Hagiography Circle
1814 births
1897 deaths
Archbishops of Milan
Italian Servants of God
Participants in the First Vatican Council
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Lily Leung Shun-Yin (; 7 January 1929 – 13 August 2019) was a Hong Kong actor.
Born in Hong Kong Leung attended Belilios Public School.
Career
Leung started their acting career in 1957. Leung appeared for Rediffusion Television (1957 to 1968 then from 1976 to 1982), ATV (1983 to 1988) as well as TVB (1968 to 1975 and again from 1989 to 2017). In 1988 they appeared in Bloodsport as Mrs Tanaka. Them husband was at risk for heart disease, and they publicly supported organizations working to cure it. Leung is credited with over 15 films.
Filmography
Films
1974 Everyday Is Sunday
1975 The Happy Trio - Kiu's pose instructor
1975 No End of Surprises
1976 The Private Eyes - Mrs. Chu
1981 Wedding Bells, Wedding Belles - Mrs. Fa
1988 Bloodsport - Mrs. Tanaka
Television series
Personal life
On 13 August 2019, Leung died of cancer in the Hong Kong Buddhist Hospital in Hong Kong. They were 90 years old.
References
External links
Lily Leung at allmovie.com
Lily Leung at jaynestars.com
TVB veteran actors
Hong Kong television actores
1929 births
2019 deaths
20th-century Hong Kong actores
21st-century Hong Kong actores
Bermuda Dunes Airport is a public use airport located in Bermuda Dunes, a town 13 nautical miles (15 mi, 24 km) east of the central business district of Palm Springs, a city in the Coachella Valley of Riverside County, California, United States. It is privately owned by Crown Aero, LLC.
The airport is home to Desert West Aviation, a local flight school, as well as Coachella Valley Aviation, providing A&P/IA service for airplanes and helicopters.
Facilities and aircraft
Bermuda Dunes Airport covers an area of 105 acres (38 ha) at an elevation of 73 feet (22 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 10/28 with an asphalt surface measuring 5,002 by 70 feet (1,525 x 21 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2019, the airport had an average of 38 aircraft operations per day: 64% transient general aviation and 36% local general aviation. At that time there were 66 aircraft based at this airport: 56 single-engine, 5 multi-engine, no jet, and 3 helicopters.
Past airline service
Air LA, a commuter airline that was based in Los Angeles, operated scheduled passenger flights from the airport in 1989 with British Aerospace BAe Jetstream 31 turboprop aircraft nonstop to Las Vegas (LAS) and Los Angeles (LAX).
Instrument procedures
STARs – Standard terminal arrivals
CLOWD ONE
SBONO ONE
IAPs – Instrument approach procedures
RNAV (GPS) RWY 10
RNAV (GPS) RWY 28
VOR-C
Note: Special take-off minimums/departure procedures apply.
References
External links
Aerial image as of May 2002 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Riverside County, California
Coachella Valley
The 1986 Asia Golf Circuit was the 25th season of golf tournaments that comprised the Asia Golf Circuit.
Taiwan's Lu Hsi-chuen claimed the overall circuit title for a record equalling fourth time, having previously won in 1979, 1980 and 1981.
Tournament schedule
The table below shows the 1986 Asian Golf Circuit schedule. Due to economic turmoil in the Philippines, the Philippine Open was dropped from the circuit in 1984, and continued as a non-circuit event in 1986.
Final standings
The Asia Golf Circuit operated a points based system to determine the overall circuit champion, with points being awarded in each tournament to the leading players. At the end of the season, the player with the most points was declared the circuit champion, and there was a prize pool to be shared between the top players in the points table.
References
Asia Golf Circuit
Asia Golf Circuit
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Toba, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Matsuo Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 48.4 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of two side platforms connected by a footbridge. There is no station building. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Matsuo Station opened on July 23, 1929 as a station on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 87 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 167
Matsuo Industrial Park
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Matsuo Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Toba, Mie
Kurtna may refer to several places in Estonia:
Kurtna, Harju County, village in Saku Parish, Harju County
Kurtna, Ida-Viru County, village in Illuka Parish, Ida-Viru County
Kurtna, Lääne-Viru County, village in Väike-Maarja Parish, Lääne-Viru County
Priit Herodes (born 14 January 1948) is an Estonian heraldist.
From 2000 to 2006, Herodes was the chairperson of the Estonian Heritage Society and is currently a member of their board.
They have designed numerous hues and flags, including the emblems of many Estonian municipalities and state institutions. For example, they have designed the official post of the mayor of Tallinn, Tallinn Town Hall Square, the Estonian Academy of Security Sciences, the Symbolism of the Public Service Academy and the Narva Aleksandri Congregation. They have designed the flags and coat of arms of Anija, Türi, Õru, Tootsi, Lavassaare, Halinga, Avinurme and Jõelähtme.
They have received numerous awards for their "valuable contributions to shaping the symbols and awards of Tallinn", including the Buxhoeveden Cross and the 4th Class of the Order of the White Star.
References
External links
State Chancellery and municipal symbols
1948 births
Living people
Estonian designers
Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 4th Class
Errol Campbell Andrew (born 13 December 1940 in Palmerston North, New Zealand) is a former speedway rider and jockey. During their career as a jockey they rode as E.C. Andrew, but when they were riding speedway they were known as Bill Andrew.
Speedway career
Andrew began riding at the Palmerston North Showgrounds track in 1961. They rode for the Newcastle Diamonds in the Provincial League in 1962 and 1964. They rode in the British League for the Poole Pirates from 1965 to 1968. They then had two years with the Newport Wasps. Their final season was with the Halifax Dukes.
They rode in two British Championship finals in 1965 and 1968 and was a member of the 1966 Great Britain team for a home and away test series with Poland. In 1966 they also rode in the Wills Internationale and the British League Riders' Championship. They were runnerup in the 1970 New Zealand Championship. From 1962 to 1973 they rode for New Zealand in team competitions in the United Kingdom and at home.
Horse racing career
Andrew rode as a jockey in New Zealand and in England. When they were living in Somerset in the early 1970s they rode in steeplechase events for the Kennard Organisation.
They also rode for John Richards and Stan Wright.
References
1940 births
Living people
New Zealand speedway riders
Newcastle Diamonds riders
Poole Pirates riders
Newport Wasps riders
Halifax Dukes riders
Sportspeople from Palmerston North
Not for Sale is the first solo mixtape by Ugandan recording artist and record producer Flex D'Paper. A follow-up to Eviction Notice mixtape by Rapaholix in 2012 that had songs from Flex and fellow members. Not For Sale was released on 27 June 2017 by their imprint Rapaholix Music on the TheTribe Ug website, a popular hip hop platform online in Uganda.
Background and promotion
Flex D'Paper describes the project in three ways. In an interview with TheTribeUg, they talked about naming the mixtape Not For Sale because the project was going to be free online for their fans.
They emphasised how they had delayed releasing a project and so this was a free one, to make up for that time the fans didn't get an album or mixtape from him.
Days before releasing the mixtape, Flex D'Paper revealed it was also titled Not For Sale, as a dedication to victims of human trafficking as well as a dedication to victims of land wrangles, a common struggle in Uganda.
The mixtape was supported by the single "Yenze Aliko", a Luganda slang that means "I Am what's on", a song produced by Mio Made, and mixed by Sam Lamara.
Track listing
Release history
Awards
Mixtape of the Year - UG Hip Hop Awards 2017
References
2017 mixtape albums
The Freedom and Direct Democracy leadership election of 2015 was held on 4 August 2015. Tomio Okamura was elected the first leader of the party.
Background
Tomio Okamura was the leader of Dawn of Direct Democracy but had to leave the party in early 2015 due to conflicts. Okamura then decided to form new party called Freedom and Direct Democracy. Leadership election was scheduled for August 2015.
Voting
Voting took place on 4 August 2015. Okamura was the only candidate. They were reportedly elected the new leader but no reports of vote count were made public.
References
Freedom and Direct Democracy leadership elections
Freedom and Direct Democracy leadership election
Freedom and Direct Democracy leadership election
Freedom and Direct Democracy leadership election
The Andalucia Building was built in 1911. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The building is located on State Street, in the southeastern part of the historical center of Santa Barbara, California, immediately next to the Highway 101. The building is one of the few examples of Moorish architecture in Santa Barbara.
History
What is now the rear part of the building was constructed in 1911, 1913, and 1917 as four brick garages. They were connected by a two-storey front-wall construction made of brick and concrete. The first floor contained auto-sales shops, whereas the second one housed the El Camino hotel. The building was owned by Henry Ernest Bothin, previously a San Francisco wealthy merchant, who moved to Santa Barbara in 1911. Since the highway 101 was completed about the same time, the area, which was adjacent to the highway, contained multiple garages and hotels.
The front portion was damaged by the 1925 earthquake. It was subsequently demolished and replaced by the front section in Moorish style which is still standing today. It was designed by a San Franciscan architect Lionel Pries. Generally, the downtown of Santa Barbara was rebuilt in the Colonial Revival style, and the Andalucia building, which preserved the Moorish appearance, became one of the few exceptions, which later earned it a listing in the National Register of Historic Places. In 1937, the building was converted into offices for Seaside Oil Company. The remodeling was performed by local architects Carleton Winslow and R. H. Pitman. In the same year, the rear was remodeled so that a part of the brickstone wall was replaced by an opening. The project was designed by Chester Carjola, also a local architect. The building subsequently changed owners several times, which led to less extensive remodeling works.
Architecture
The building is a block which consists of four one-floor brick rectangular buildings with gable roofs. They all have a common flat-roof facade built in the Spanish Colonial Revival style. The front portion is an arcade with fifteen arches, which has space for six shops. The rear part of the building, which are the former garage buildings, is divided into multiple spaces for shops. The frames inside are made of steel.
References
Buildings and structures in Santa Barbara, California
Commercial buildings completed in 1911
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in California
National Register of Historic Places in Santa Barbara County, California
1911 establishments in California
Margaret Heng (; born 1961) is a Singaporean business person. They serve as the chief executive officer of Shatec and is also the current executive director of the Singapore Hotel Association. Born 1961 in Singapore, Heng is an alumna of Raffles Girls' School, National Junior College, University of Western Ontario, and George Washington University.  They are married and has two children.
Early life
Heng was born 1961 in Singapore to foodhouse owner Heng Kok San and their wife Kim Lan (née Jee), a homemaker. Heng has four siblings – three brothers Jimmy, Henry and Richard and one sister Alice. Heng attended Raffles Girls' School and National Junior College. They studied finance and administration at the University of Western Ontario, graduating in 1983. Heng also holds a master's degree in Human Resource Development from the George Washington University.
Career
Originally joining Shatec in 1984 as an administrator in expenditure, Heng is now the CEO of Shatec, an educational institution specialising in teaching various job skills, a position they have held since December 2011.  They are also the Singapore Hotel Association (SHA)'s current Executive Director. A member of Singapore's National Crime Prevention Council, Heng was part of the 2012 Singapore Service Excellence Medallion Management Committee.
Personal life
Heng's spouse is polytechnic administrative manager Siow Chow Sid (born 1959). They have two daughters Cheryl (born 1988) and Clare (born 1992), the former being a business person in the retail industry. Heng claims to not have a "lavish taste in food" and leads a simple lifestyle, choosing to dine in at local food centres as opposed to hotel restaurants.
References
1961 births
Living people
Singaporean people of Chinese descent
Singaporean businesspeople
University of Western Ontario alumni
George Washington University alumni
John Bai Ningxian (; 20 January 1921 – before 2022) was a Chinese Roman Catholic bishop.
Biography
Bishop Bai Ningxian was born in 1921. Little is known regarding their personal details, but they were ordained as a priest on 20 June 1951. They were clandestinely consecrated as bishop by clandestine bishop Joseph Zong Huaide from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sanyuan on 7 May 1997, and served as their auxiliary. They aren't assigned to any ecclesiastical circumscription.
In 2022, Catholic Hierarchy updated their profile to clarify that they are deceased, though a precise date or year is not known.
References
1921 births
Year of death missing
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in China
Collingridge is an English surname. Notable people with the same surname are:
Arthur Collingridge (1853–1907), Australian painter, brother of George Collingridge.
Peter Collingridge (1757–1829), English Roman Catholic bishop.
George Collingridge (1847–1931), Australian writer.
Gordon Collingridge (active 1922–1928), Australian actor.
Graham Collingridge (born 1955), British neuroscientist.
Vanessa Collingridge (born 1968), English author and broadcaster.
The Brizendine House is a historic home in downtown Austin, Texas, constructed circa 1870. The building is located on 11th Street and is today surrounded by an annex to the Travis County Courthouse and the Blackwell/Thurman Criminal Justice Center.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. It is located at 507 W 11th Street.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text
This simple vernacular rough ashlar house represents the lifestyle of the late 19th century working middle-class family in Austin, Texas. The exterior proportions of the structure reflect Victorian influence. Built of limestone about 1870 by John R. Brizendine (1829–1914), an Austin carpenter, machinist, and miller. Brizendine, a native of Kentucky, lived here until their death. Mrs. Elizabeth Gordon bought the home in 1928, and members of their family lived here until 1972. Recorded Texas Historic Landmark-1974
References
Houses in Austin, Texas
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
City of Austin Historic Landmarks
USA-156, also known as GPS IIR-7 and GPS SVN-54, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the seventh Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched, out of thirteen in the original configuration, and twenty one overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-156 was launched at 07:55:01 UTC on 30 January 2001, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D283, flying in the 7925–9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-156 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 2 February 2001, USA-156 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.08 minutes, and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 18 signal, and operates in slot 4 of plane E of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. The satellite was retired in 2018.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2001
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Oscar and Friends is a New Zealand children's stop motion animated television series that aired from 1995 to 1996. The series was produced in Wellington, and was aimed at children aged 3 to 6. The series was produced by Gnome Productions Ltd., distributed by Southern Star Sales, and funded by NZ On Air and Southern Star Entertainment. Oscar and Friends has been screened all around the world including the UK (ITV) (where the series rated number ten for kids in its first year of release), The United States (Fox Family), Australia (ABC), Taiwan (YoYo TV), Germany (Kabel 1 in Bim Bam Bino), South Africa (M-Net) and Argentina (Magic Kids)
Synopsis
The show is about a 7-year-old boy named Oscar, who, with their imaginary friends, goes from adventure to adventure. In this fantasy life of his, Bugsy, a bright green, bug-eyed mischievous coward, and Doris, a daring, eccentric girl and Oscar's confidante, are there to rescue them in danger and lend a hand.
Production
Cameron Chittock decided to start making their own television programs after years of working for the TV3 Network in New Zealand. They came up with the basic concept for a show about a young boy who was bored on their own at home. When their two imaginary friends appear, they take the boy off on an adventure into an fantasy world. Initially, the idea was conceptualized as a live action show using Chittock's background in puppetry and SFX to create the imaginary characters and fantastic settings. However, monetary issues became apparent as a series based on this approach became budgeted. Chittock realised it was simply not financially viable to produce the TV show in this manner. They then began to experiment with stop frame animation and saw the possibilities of using this medium to produce the action-adventure series. They turned to their friend, and award winning animation director, Euan Frizzell at Gnome Productions for support. They jointly applied for funding and were successful in gaining the finance required from NZ On Air in New Zealand to produce the show. Executive producer Shaun Bell brought Southern Star Sales on board to distribute the series, and invest into the production which allowed the 13 × 7 minutes episodes to grow into 26 × 5 minutes episodes, which the distributor believed would better meet international format requirements.
Although Chittock and a small group of technicians in New Zealand had gained some experience in clay-mation techniques up to that point, they still felt the crew required further training. They traveled to the UK and met up with Aardman animation director Richard Starzaki (aka Richard Goleszowski, who was the creator of the Aardman production Rex the Runt and director of the claymation series Creature Comforts). Starzak agreed to come back with Chittock to New Zealand to help train the Oscar and Friends animating crew. The input from both Starzak and Australian stop frame animator Norman Yeend proved immensely helpful, and enabled the New Zealand team to produce the high quality results that Chittock felt necessary to ensure the series would hold up against international competition. Chittock and their crew went on to successfully complete the series, and in the process set up a small claymation industry within New Zealand.
Chittock experimented with a mixed media approach, because they wanted to create a fresh new look to the show. The joint use of painted backgrounds and stop frame model characters give the show a unique appeal. The puppet characters were constructed using a simple wire armature held together with a brass section socket system. The bodies were made using foam latex with resin cast heads. Replacement mouths were used to create the illusion of speech and facial expression.
Some of the animation was completed on a rostrum shooting the painted backgrounds and puppet characters together while other shots were completed using a traditional model set or against a blue screen. The series was shot on 35 mm film using five hand made stop frame cameras built by SFX technician Stephen Greenwood. The cameras used Nikon still lenses. With a built-in video split the animators used a computer and simple line test software to help guide them through the animation process.
Cast
Drew Neemia as Oscar
John Smythe as Bugsy
Ann Pacey as Doris
Callie Blood as Oscar's mother
Peter Hambleton as Oscar's father
Tungia Baker as Nanny Aroha
Rose Bollinger as Rosie
Episodes
This is a list of the 26 episodes made. The show screened earlier than these dates in a number of countries.
Season 1 (1995-1996)
Oscar Takes Off
Oscar Goes Flying
One Day at the Dump
The Time Machine
Skullduggery
Oscar and the Rustlers
Oscar to the Rescue
Oscar and the Pirates
Up, Up and Away
The Magic Carpet
Season 2 (1996)
The Frog Princess
Feed Me
Chocolate Meltdown
Eel King
Oscar and the Runaway Roller
A Dog's Life
Oscar and the Haunted House
20,000 Leagues Under the Rock Pools
Plastic Jurassic
Voyage to the Bottom of the S-Bend
Season 3 (1996)
Starstruck
Championship Ball
Oscar and the Castle Kingdom
Diamond Danger
Oscar and the Sandman
Clowning Around
References
External links
An example of an episode
1995 New Zealand television series debuts
1996 New Zealand television series endings
Clay animation television series
New Zealand children's animated adventure television series
New Zealand children's animated fantasy television series
Television shows funded by NZ on Air
Television series by Endemol Australia
Television shows set in Wellington
Animated preschool education television series
1990s preschool education television series
Animated television series about children
Three (TV channel) original programming
USA-94, also known as GPS IIA-13, GPS II-22 and GPS SVN-35, was an American navigation satellite which formed part of the Global Positioning System. It was the thirteenth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-94 was launched at 12:38:00 UTC on 30 August 1993, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D222, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17B (LC-17B) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-94 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 1 October 1993, USA-94 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 716.0 minutes, and 54.9° of inclination to the equator. It broadcast the PRN 5 signal, and operated in slot 4, and later 5, of plane B of the GPS constellation. The satellite had a mass of and a design life of 7.5 years. It was initially decommissioned on 26 March 2009 and then kept as a residual satellite. SVN 35 was then recalled to replace SVN 30 in the active constellation on 16 August 2011.
It was then decommissioned again on 1 May 2013, after almost 20 years in orbit, and finally placed in a disposal orbit approximately 1000 km above the operational constellation and deactivated on 10 June 2016.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1993
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Dar Al Basha is a historical landmark and a palace that is located in the old city of Marrakesh, Morocco.
History
Dar Al Barsha history construction date goes back to 1910 as it was the residence of Tohami El Galaoui, which Sultan Moulay Yosef granted the title of "Basha Marakesh" year 1912. Among the guests who visited the Dar were Colette Maurice Ravel, Charli Chaplin, Josephine Baker, Winston Churchill and others.
Dar Al Basha Museum
The palace was renovated by the Moroccan National Music Foundation and converted into the museum known as Dar Al Basha, which was inaugurated by Mohammed the Sixth on July 9, 2017.
The museum holds temporary exhibitions highlighting different aspects of Moroccan culture.
Architectural Engineering
Dar Al Basha is considered a beautiful example of Moorish architecture. As it features a fountain, orange trees in the courtyard, traditional seating areas and a traditional bathroom.
Many of the original interior design features have been preserved and restored, including carved and painted wooden doors, black and white marble floors, ceilings covered with colorful azulejo mosaics, and columns painted with colorful natural pigments, such as indigo, saffron, poppy.
Coffee
There is a place to drink coffee in the museum's courtyard, which was also created to revive the modern art in the palace.
References
Palaces in Morocco
Marrakesh
"Move Your Body" is a 1986 house music song by Marshall Jefferson and released by Trax Records. The track was the first to be released under Jefferson's own name, following several earlier house music tracks they made under aliases such as Virgo. After making several popular tracks to tape and giving them to Chicago-based DJ Ron Trent, Jefferson released their first track "Go Wild Rhythm Tracks" on Trax Records and later became an A&R in 1986. Despite negative reception from their co-workers and Trax owner Larry Sherman, Jefferson's track "Move Your Body" became popular with patrons of Chicago dance music clubs in 1985 from cassette tapes, leading to the tracks eventual release in August 1986.
"Move Your Body" opens with a piano chord and is among the earliest house music tracks to feature piano. The music recorded for the song was originally played much slower during the recording process and sped up by Jefferson for its final release. Outside Jefferson's involvement, the song features an uncredited vocal performance from their friend Curtis McClain that feature lyrics revolving ones enthusiasm and losing themselves in house music.
Background
In 1985, Marshall Jefferson worked at a post office and went to a music store with their friend who was a guitarist. Jefferson was a fan of rock music, specifically noting bands such as Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple, stating they "bought the records with every penny [he had]." as well as attending the Music Box club in Chicago. At the store, a salesperson came up to them and showed them the Yamaha 284 synthesizer telling them it could play it like a professional keyboard player even if you never had lessons. Jefferson received a line of credit from their work and not only bought the sequencer along with a keyboard, drum machine and a mixer which totalled up to around $9,000. Jefferson took the equipment home and wrote their first song two days later. This equipment would also be used for making "Move Your Body".
Jefferson described the music as they played as being dance music that they felt would "sound right at the Music Box" despite not being able to attend due to working late hours at the post office. Derrick Harris, a friend of Jefferson's known as Sleezy visited them and asked for a cassette copy of the song Jefferson had created. Sleezy took Jefferson's music to the Music Box club where the DJ Ron Hardy would play, which led to Sleezy returning to Jefferson stating how popular their music had gotten at the club. This led to Jefferson completing more tracks leading to Jefferson proclaiming they had "like 15 songs playing in the Music Box". Lawrence eventually connected with Ron Hardy and continued to give them cassettes of their work, including tracks stated in an interview in 2005 that "were never put out."
Jefferson began developing records after looking at Jesse Saunders record and went to the address on the Trax Records and Precision Records labels. On meeting with Larry Sherman of Trax, they helped release Jefferson's first record of "Go Wild Rhythm Tracks" as Virgo. Jefferson spoke negatively about their work with Sherman, stating "it just fucked my head all the way up!" and later declared that Sherman "was like heading everybody off and stuff and trying to fuck them up, and make them quit the music business because they knew it was easy to make the music!" Jefferson explained that Sherman was predominantly keeping a low profile and worked with smaller labels distributors as they did not want a lot of attention brought to them as they were running a "chop shop" above Trax Records, a place where stolen cars were torn apart and had spare parts sold from them which was where Sherman larger profits came from. By 1986, Jefferson was the head of A&R for Trax Records.
Production
For "Move Your Body", Jefferson stated they wanted to have something on the track that would "drive the rack forward" and felt that a piano would do this. The song was developed with minor chords which Jefferson found easier to perform. Jefferson called two of their friends who were co-workers at the post office, Thomas Carr and Rudy Forbes, who went into the studio with them to make the record which Jefferson estimated had travel time, recording and mixing took about five or six hours. To play the piano intro, Jefferson recalled that they recorded the keyboards at about forty to forty-five beats per minute then sped it up. Jefferson did this for other tracks as well, such as playing the bassline at 40 beats per minute and then speeding it up to 122 beats per minute. To make it sound natural and not mechanically sped up, Jefferson linked the notes up and know how much I was going to lengthen each one by to be able to fit them together, which Jefferson commented that they "learned how to do that on the fly, too, because I had to." The vocals on "Move Your Body" were performed by Jefferson's friend Curtis McClain.
Jefferson was very enthusiastic about the track but their friends told them it was awful and it needed to be fixed, a reaction that surprised Jefferson. Jefferson received similar reactions to the track from their friends Mike Dunn, Tyree Cooper and Hugo Hutchinson who merely said that the track was OK. In August 1985, Jefferson took the track to Ron Hardy who was very enthusiastic about it and when Jefferson attended the Music Box it was played six times in a row to an enthusiastic crowd.
Music
In their book Inner Sound: Altered States of Consciousness in Electronic Music and Audio-visual Media, Jonathan Weinel described the track as a Chicago house track began with piano chords over a time signature. The track contains vocals declaring "Gimmie that house music to set me free / Lost in house music is where I wanna be" with a refrain of "Move Your Body / Rock Your Body". Weinel noted that the lyrics celebrate the "ecstatic revelry and physicality of losing oneself in dance" while critic Simon Reynolds reflected that "the social scene of Chicago house was one in which gay black men were able to find liberating communal experience of dance in response to their status as exiles from mainstream culture." Weinel reflected on this noting that these themes extended to other Chicago house tracks such as Joe Smooth's "Promised Land" and Fingers Inc.'s "Can You Feel It".
Release
Despite having pressed the track early, "Move Your Body" was not released initially by Trax, with Jefferson recollecting that Sherman didn't like it, proclaiming the song wasn't house music. This response led to Jefferson adding the phrase "The House Music Anthem" to the title of the track. British journalists came to Chicago to report on the house music phenomenon which led to Sherman taking them to about five clubs with each DJ playing "Move Your Body" to a positive reaction which led to the track being released by Trax. It was released by Trax in June 1986 with Jefferson commenting that "It probably never would have come out but it had gotten so big in all the clubs in Chicago."
The label for the record listed Marshall Jefferson as the artist on the record opposed to their alias of Virgo as the creator which Jefferson reflecting that it "basically screwed up my Virgo nickname for the rest of my life because it was my biggest hit and I had to use Marshall Jefferson from then on. And it was a shame because I used to love that Virgo nickname. Everywhere I went people would be like “Virgo! Virgo! Virgo!” to me. But in one fell swoop, they wiped out my nickname. [laughs] Man! I really wish I'd had a nickname!" The track would be released under various alterations of the title, such as its subsequent releases on DJ International Records such as "Move Your Body — House Music Anthem". This version was a longer track, with Jefferson feeling that they “stupidly thought I could do a better version in a big studio". In 2005, Jefferson stated they received no publishing cheques from any of their songs including "Move Your Body", despite having paid the money to have "Move Your Body" pressed to vinyl. The rights to the track were eventually owned by Jefferson themselves in 2012.
Impact and legacy
In 1995, American DJ Pierre picked the song as one of their "classic cuts", saying, "This is the ultimate party song, the most powerful I've ever heard. You and your friends will want to jump up and down and sing all the words. It's got the most dominant house piano chord progression in house today; everybody has stolen those chords. That chord progression is essential in house/garage music."
In 2011, The Guardian featured it on their A history of modern music: Dance.
In 2014, Rolling Stone included it in their 20 Best Chicago House Records list, adding, "This track's claim to fame is the first use of piano on a house record — and its barnstormer melody on the keys would be imitated for decades. Jefferson culled the song's vocalists — including lead crooner Curtis McClain — from their post-office graveyard shift. And, with their lyrics, they helped foment the long trend of the self-referential track: house music about house music itself."
In 2015, LA Weekly ranked it at number 10 in their list of The 20 Best Dance Music Tracks in History.
In 2021, Rolling Stone placed "Move Your Body" at number 335 in their ranking of 500 Best Songs of All Time.
Track listing
12" single (TX117)
"Move Your Body" 7:38
"Dub Your Body" 7:30
"Drum Your Body" 5:40
"House Your Body" 7:38
Credits
Credits adapted from the singles label sticker.
Marshall Jefferson (as Virgo) producer, arrangements, composer
Ron Hardy mixing
References
Footnotes
Sources
1986 singles
Marshall Jefferson songs
Trax Records singles
Song recordings produced by Marshall Jefferson
Christopher Gane (born 5 June 1974) is an English professional golfer.
Gane has mainly competed on the second tier Challenge Tour and has two wins on that tour, both in 2001. In 2009 they finished 13th in the Challenge Tour rankings to guarantee themselves full European Tour status for 2010.  They are one of the few left-handed players on tour.
Professional wins (4)
Challenge Tour wins (2)
PGA EuroPro Tour wins (2)
See also
2009 Challenge Tour graduates
2011 Challenge Tour graduates
References
External links
English male golfers
European Tour golfers
Left-handed golfers
Sportspeople from London
1974 births
Living people
Game of Throw-ins is a 2016 book by Irish author Paul Howard and is the sixteenth novel in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
The title refers to the TV series Game of Thrones and the rugby throw-in.
Plot
Ross joins a struggling Seapoint rugby team. Ronan is in a turf war with a rival Love/Hate tour operator. Honor is in love with a Justin Bieber lookalike. Fionnuala is marrying a 92-year-old billionaire.
Reception
The Irish Times praised it, saying "This is sharp satire that manages the difficult trick of creating characters we care about. It is a very funny book, often hilarious, providing storylines that mostly keep the page-turning going. Yet it has a genuine heart of darkness hidden beneath the layers of craic, great gags, great storytelling and human warmth. In this way, Ross O'Carroll-Kelly is Ireland."
Anne Gildea, also in The Irish Times, wrote that "I'm in love with the latest Ross O'Carroll-Kelly – Game of Throw-ins. The passage where Ross is confused, mid-match, about the line-out codes the captain has assigned is one of the funniest things I've come across in print."
The Irish Independent's Tanya Sweeney wrote that "the entertaining fun of this SoCoDu satire has clearly yet to wane."
Trinity College Dublin's tn2 Magazine awarded it 3/5, saying that it was "not the best title in the series, but it's a solid entry nonetheless. The overarching themes of time, change and broken families are balanced perfectly against the hilarious antics of Ross and their lunatic family."
Game of Throw-ins was nominated for Irish Independent Popular Fiction Book of the Year at the 2016 Irish Book Awards.
It was the third-bestselling book at WH Smith in Ireland for 2016. It sold 23,997 copies in 2016 overall.
References
2016 Irish novels
Irish comedy novels
Penguin Books books
Ross O'Carroll-Kelly
Irish satirical novels
Fiction set in 2014
Fiction set in 2015
Car Next Door is an Australian company that facilitates peer-to-peer car rental, a system by which individuals may rent privately owned vehicles on an hourly or daily basis to other registered users of the service. It currently operates in locations across Australia including Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Gold Coast, Hobart, Canberra, Adelaide and Perth and announced (in 2016) plans to expand to other Australian cities and airports.
The founders appeared on season 2 of the Australian Shark Tank TV show in 2016 and secured an investment from 'shark' Steve Baxter.
Hyundai invested in the company in 2019, and listed a number of its electric Ioniq vehicles for sharing through the platform.
On 20 January 2022, the company was acquired by Uber for an undisclosed sum. This was Uber's first Australian acquisition.
How it works
The company addresses the lack of trust and lack of ease that would otherwise discourage people from sharing their cars with others, by:
Providing an online forum where vehicle owners and borrowers are registered, vetted, and approved;
Providing a feedback system to allow vehicle condition and member behaviour to be rated and reported by other members;
Providing in-car technology that enables keyless access to the car, and an automated, web-based booking platform;
Providing in-car GPS technology that tracks the car's location, reducing the risk of theft and misuse of the vehicle;
Providing insurance covering owners and borrowers; and
Handling payments between owners and borrowers.
See also
Alternatives to car use
Car rental
Carsharing
Carpooling
Collaborative consumption
References
External links
Carsharing
Companies based in Sydney
Peer-to-peer
Online marketplaces of Australia
Online automotive companies
Uber
2022 mergers and acquisitions
Beidaud is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania.
The commune includes three villages:
Beidaud
Neatârnarea (Caildere until 1908)
Sarighiol de Deal
The commune's name is of Turkish origin, being a compound of the words bey and Daut, derived from David. Thus, the name means "village of the bey David".
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Aromanian settlements in Romania
Place names of Turkish origin in Romania
Terebiń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Never Too Far is a studio album by American jazz singer Dianne Reeves issued in 1989 on EMI Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the US Billboard Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and No. 14 on the US Billboard Top R&B Albums chart.
Overview
Never Too Far was produced by George Duke. The album spent two weeks atop the Billboard Contemporary Jazz Albums chart. Never Too Far was also recorded at Ocean Way Recording and Le Gonks West in Los Angeles, California.
Singles
"Never Too Far" and "Come In" reached Nos. 5 and 34 on the Billboard Hot R&B Songs respectively.
Track listing
Chart history
References
1989 albums
Dianne Reeves albums
Albums produced by George Duke
EMI Records albums
Dmitry Vladimirovich Gaag (Дмитрий Владимирович Гааг; born March 20, 1971 in Karaganda) is an athlete from Kazakhstan, who competes in triathlon. Gaag competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took fourth place with a total time of 1:49:03.57.
They competed again at the second Olympic triathlon at the 2004 Summer Olympics, dropping to twenty-fifth place with a time 1:56:28.97.
On September 6, 2008 Gaag was banned for two years beginning June 20, 2008 after testing positive for recombinant erythropoietin (EPO).
Notes
References
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Karaganda
Kazakhstani male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Kazakhstan
Doping cases in triathlon
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2010 Asian Games
Triathletes at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in triathlon
Asian Games gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 8, 1966. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. After winning all of the statewide executive offices in 1962, Republicans did even better in 1966, improving their margins of victory in each race and holding all the offices.
Governor
Incumbent Republican Governor Clifford Hansen opted to run for the U.S. Senate rather than seek re-election. Former Goshen County Prosecuting Attorney Stanley Hathaway emerged as the Republican nominee, while attorney Ernest Wilkerson won a crowded and close Democratic primary. Hathaway largely duplicated Hansen's performance from four years prior, winning by a slightly smaller margin.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Thyra Thomson ran for re-election to a second term. No Democratic candidates initially filed to run against her, but a successful write-in campaign by L. W. "Jack" Jones, a member of the University of Wyoming Board of Trustees, allowed them to claim the Democratic nomination. However, Thomson retained a considerable amount of popularity and easily defeated Jones to win a second term.
Democratic primary
Candidates
No Democratic candidates filed to oppose Thomson prior to the end of qualifying. However, the Wyoming Democratic Party selected L. W. "Jack" Jones, a member of the University of Wyoming Board of Trustees, to run a write-in campaign in the hopes of winning the nomination by that method. Jones won 3,879 votes as a write-in candidate in the primary, thereby enabling them to receive the Democratic Party's nomination, which they accepted.
Republican primary
Candidates
Thyra Thomson, incumbent Secretary of State
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican State Auditor Minnie A. Mitchell opted to run for State Treasurer instead of for a fourth term as State Auditor, thereby allowing term-limited State Treasurer Everett T. Copenhaver to run for State Auditor. Copenhaver faced minimal challengers in their bid for Auditor, winning the Republican primary unopposed and only facing rancher Bob Bentley, the Democratic nominee, in the general election. Copenhaver ultimately defeated Bentley in a landslide.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Bentley, Lander rancher
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver, Wyoming State Treasurer
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer Everett T. Copenhaver was unable to seek re-election due to term limits, but wanted to run for another state office. The decision by Secretary of State Thyra Thomson to not run for Governor prevented them from running for Secretary of State, and so State Auditor Minnie A. Mitchell opted to not seek another term as Auditor so that Copenhaver could succeed them Mitchell, in turn, filed to run for State Treasurer. They were opposed in the Republican primary by State Representative Jack Van Mark, whom they easily defeated. And in the general election, they faced Democrat Bob Adams, a former State Representative who had repeatedly run for Auditor or Treasurer for the preceding 12 years. They decisively defeated Adams and returned to the office of State Treasurer, to which they had first been appointed in 1952.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Adams, former State Representative from Laramie County, 1962 Democratic nominee for Treasurer, 1958 Democratic nominee for State Auditor, 1954 Democratic nominee for State Auditor
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Minnie A. Mitchell, Wyoming State Auditor, former State Treasurer
Jack Van Mark, State Representative from Goshen County
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Republican Superintendent of Public Instruction Cecil Shaw ran for re-election to a second term, despite some speculation that they might run for Governor. Shaw was challenged in the Republican primary by Harry Roberts, a member of the state board of education, and teacher Nancy J. Rymill. During the campaign, Shaw was attacked for allegedly using state funds in assistance of their campaign, a scandal that was compounded by their poor relationship with the Republican political establishment in the state. Ultimately, Roberts defeated Shaw in the Republican primary by a decisive margin, advancing to the general election, where they faced Katherine H. Vehar, the Democratic nominee and a former Deputy State Superintendent under Superintendent Velma Linford. Roberts narrowly defeated Vehar, winning election as Superintendent.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Katherine H. Vehar, former Deputy State Superintendent
William G. "Bill" Rector, State Senator from Laramie County
Robert L. Beaver, former Northwest College professor
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Harry Roberts, member of the Wyoming Board of Education
Cecil M. Shaw, incumbent State Superintendent of Public Instruction
Nancy Jones Rymill, junior high school math teacher
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Twin Lakes, California may refer to one of these communities:
Twin Lakes, California, in Santa Cruz County
Twin Lakes, Mono County, California
or to one of these lake pairs:
Twin Lakes (El Dorado County, California) in the Desolation Wilderness
Twin Lakes (Mammoth Lakes, California) in Mono County
Twin Lakes (Bridgeport, California) in Mono County
Clash the Truth is the second studio album by American indie rock band Beach Fossils. The album was produced by Ben Greenberg (formerly of The Men) as well as band frontman and primary songwriter Dustin Payseur. It was released on February 19, 2013, through Captured Tracks.
Recording
Dustin Payseur wrote and recorded a demo of the entire album in their apartment in New York before recording it professionally in a studio. The recording of Clash the Truth was finished at the Excello Recording studio in the fall of 2012. Recording was briefly interrupted when Payseur's studio was flooded during Hurricane Sandy.
Clash the Truth featured new drummer Tommy Gardner, who allowed for a faster, more energetic sound than in previous releases. It also features collaborations with Kazu Makino of Blonde Redhead and Jack Tatum of Wild Nothing.
Cover artwork
The artwork used for Clash the Truth, designed by Captured Tracks founder Mike Sniper and Dustin Payseur, features black and white stills taken from the experimental video Three Transitions (1973) directed by Peter Campus.
Reception
Clash the Truth received mostly positive reviews from critics, some noting the more focused themes of adolescence and nostalgia as a sign of growth and maturity while continuing to refine their sound and style.
In a lukewarm review for Pitchfork, Ian Cohen wrote that "The New York City dream pop band's second album sees them introduce a darker, more socially aware edge, though it trades their former instrumental rigidity for amiable, mid-fi college rock jangle." Writing for Consequence, reviewer Paula Mejia rated the album a C+, stating that "Beach Fossils' Dustin Payseur strays from the syrupy reverb typically dominating Beach Fossils' breezy aesthetic, trading it in for torrential guitars and thrashing drums on their band's restless sophomore release." They continued with "With Clash the Truth, Beach Fossils are driving away from the blinding sunlight and toward a shadowed elsewhere. What matters is that their eyes are trained forward."
In a similar review, The Quietus writer Ryan Foley commented on their production and songwriting by writing "Clash The Truth follows that 'Beach Fossils' template to a tee. What separates the album from previous releases is its robust sound." while also commending this approach by writing "It's like Payseur went from doodling on Post-it notes to emblazoning missiles across the sky... In 'Careless' and 'Crashed Out', nervy, guitar jangle and punchy percussion come together in breakneck instrumental outros unlike anything Payseur has recorded previously. The songs do more than simply breathe new life into guitar pop – they snatch its breath away."
Track listing
Personnel
Dustin Payseur - vocals, guitar, bass, art direction, composer, mixing, producer
Tommy Gardner - drums, composer, guitar, vocals, wurlitzer
Ben Greenberg - producer, mixing, guitar
Jack Tatum - composer
Kazu Makino - vocals on Track 10
Katie Garcia - uncredited vocals on Track 12
Joe Lambert - mastering
Peter Campus - artwork images
Mike Sniper - art direction
Ryan McCardle - design and layout
References
2013 albums
Captured Tracks albums
Beach Fossils albums
The Mahshahr massacre () refers to the mass killing of protesters in the city of Mahshahr, Iran, which occurred between 16 November and 20 November 2019, during the 2019–2020 Iranian protests. Estimates of fatalities range between 40 and 150.
Background
Protests erupted across Iran on 15 November 2019, after the government announced a sudden gasoline price hike, spreading to more than 100 cities nationwide. The protests quickly extended into opposition to Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and the current government.
Internet inside the country was completely shutdown by the government on 16 November which made reporting on the details nearly impossible.
Massacre
During the first few days of demonstrations in Mahshahr in mid-November, protesters gained control over much of the city. Security forces clashed with protestors in Mahshahr on 16 and 17 November, and attempted to suppress protests between 16 and 18 November in the suburbs of Sarbandar and Jarahi.
The New York Times, based on interviews with residents, including a journalist and a nurse at the hospital where casualties of the crackdown were treated, dated the arrival of a large force of Revolutionary Guards to 18 November. According to The New York Times, Revolutionary Guard forces entered Shahrak Chamran, a suburb of Mahshahr, and indiscriminately shot at protesters, several who died. Other protestors gathered in a marsh near the location of the initial killing. One protestor, "apparently armed with an AK-47", according to The New York Times, fired at the Revolutionary Guards. Iranian state media described the protestors in these events as a "separatist group" armed with "semi-heavy weapons."
The Revolutionary Guards responded immediately by encircling the protestors in the marsh and shot them with machine guns, killing 100. The Guards carried the dead away on "a truck" and left, while families of survivors carried them to Memko Hospital.
According to Iranwire, some of the security forces involved were killed.
A second lethal incident took place in the Shahrak Taleghani district of Mahshahr on 19 November, in which Revolutionary Guards arrived in tanks and carried out an hours-long gun battle against local ethnic Arabs. One senior Guards commander was killed. A protest organiser interviewed by The New York Times was shot in the ribs during the battle. A nurse stated to The New York Times that they had treated people wounded in the battle and most had head and chest gunshot wounds. Some of the wounded protestors were arrested in the hospital.
Casualties
Initial reports from Mahshahr suggested that over 130 protesters had been killed by security forces in the three days of fighting. The New York Times report, which was published two weeks after the incident, suggested that between 40 and 100 protesters had been killed in Mahshahr and its suburbs. On 17 December 2019, an anonymous unnamed official from the province of Khuzestan told IranWire that a total of 148 protesters had lost their lives during five days of protests in Mahshahr.
Aftermath
On 25 November, Mohamad Golmordai, Mahshahr representative in the Iranian parliament, expressed their anger at the massacre in a speech in parliament that was broadcast on state television. They "screamed", according to The New York Times, "What have you done that the undignified Shah did not do?".
On 18 January 2020, the U.S. State Department sanctioned Brigadier General Hassan Shahvarpour, as being responsible for the Massacre of Mahshahr.
See also
2019–2020 Iranian protests
References
2019 mass shootings in Asia
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps
Mahshahr County
Protests in Iran
2019–2020 Iranian protests
Massacres in Iran
Protest-related deaths
2019 crimes in Iran
Pastini (formerly Pastini Pastaria) is a chain of Italian-American restaurants in the U.S. state of Oregon. There are eight restaurants, as of 2017. In 2018, the company was among the largest in Oregon owned by women, with approximately 300 employees, according to Portland Business Journal.
Description
Pastini serves Italian-American cuisine. The Bend restaurant had 30 pasta options, as of 2014. In 2020, Willamette Week Matthew Singer called the chain "Oregon's answer to Olive Garden".
History and locations
There were three restaurants in Portland, plus one in Bend and another in Corvallis, as of 2016. Craig and Susan Bashel and Kara Hale were owners at the time.
In September 2020, Pastini supplied food to the Lyons Fire Department during the Santiam Fire and donated proceeds from each meal served at restaurants to the Red Cross Cascades Fire fund.
Portland
The Bashels and Hale opened the first restaurant near the Lloyd Center in 2001. Five more restaurants were opened in Portland within six years. One of the Portland restaurants is housed on the ground level of the Studio Building, near Director Park in downtown. The restaurant installed a sign on the Studio Building's exterior. During a remodel, the restaurant learned some of the Guild Theatre's restrooms were "technically in its space".
Previously, there was a restaurant in northwest Portland's Nob Hill district, which was replaced by Grassa.
In December 2020, Bashel represented Pastini in the Rose City Downtown Collective, a coalition of business seeking to revitalize the city center following the COVID-19 pandemic.
Bend and Corvallis
Pastini expanded into Bend and Corvallis in 2008. The Bend restaurant opened in the Old Mill District. During the pandemic, the restaurant offered takeout services, as of May.
Eugene
Owners confirmed plans for a restaurant in Eugene in 2016. The restaurant opened in July 2017.
Reception
Pastini has been included in guides published by Fodor's in 2008, and 2010, and 2011. In their 2011 book Fun with the Family Oregon: Hundreds of Ideas for Day Trips with the Kids, Sarah Pagliasotti said Pastini offered "inexpensive and elegant pasta that's a perennial family favorite". Pastini won first place in the Best Italian category of the Daily Emerald "Best of Campus" 2020 edition, which said, "This bistro chain is the perfect place to get a classic taste of the Italian food you're craving with a fun modern twist, both in the ambiance and the flavors. Pastini has a wide range of contemporary plates and appetizers to satisfy whatever genre of noodle you're hoping for."
See also
List of companies based in Oregon
List of Italian restaurants
References
External links
Pastini Pastaria at Zomato
2001 establishments in Oregon
Companies based in Oregon
Restaurants in Bend, Oregon
Restaurants in Eugene, Oregon
Italian-American culture in Portland, Oregon
Italian restaurants in Oregon
Restaurants established in 2001
Restaurants in Portland, Oregon
The 1906 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University as an independent during the 1906 college football season. In its first season under head coach Charles Pell, the team compiled a 2–4–1 record and was outscored by a total of 62 to 41. The team played its home games at Haskins Field.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Rockport station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Rockport, Massachusetts. It is the terminus of the Rockport branch of the Newburyport/Rockport Line. The station complex consists of a single side platform with one revenue track plus 4 layover tracks for parked trains and a short stretch of auxiliary track.
Like many MBTA Commuter Rail stations, Rockport's platform is mostly low with a single high section in the center. Other stations have the high section on the outer end of the platform, but this was not possible due to a commercial property abutting the outer end of the station.
The MBTA is currently planning upgrades to the Rockport station area, including a bus shelter and information kiosk as well as improvements to the layover yard. Further improvements, including a full-length high-level platform, were recently planned but shelved due to funding issues.
History
Eastern Railroad and B&M
Rockport was opened as the terminus of the Rockport Railroad (an independent extension of the Eastern Railroad's Gloucester Branch) in November 1861. The only loop on the entire Boston & Maine system was built at Rockport in the early 1900s, just west of the station around what is now Loop Pond. Although most trains did not need to be turned, private and parlor cars run in the summer months needed to be reversed before the return trip.
Double-ended Budd RDC railcars took over service in 1955, though the loop was in regular use until 1962. The loop tracks were removed in 1965. An unpaved trail, connected to Tarrs Lane and Applecart Road, now follows the path of the loop.
Initially, Rockport trains were operated by the Eastern Railroad and met Eastern mainline trains at Beverly. In 1864, trains began to be through-routed to Boston to increase frequencies on the inner part of the trunk line. The Eastern bought the branch in 1868; by the 1870s, regular commuter service was available. The Eastern was leased by the Boston and Maine Railroad in 1885 and merged into it in 1890. Rockport service continued in the same fashion for decades, with 13 inbound round trips in 1906, 14 trips in 1950, and 11 trips in 1962.
The former station building is no longer extant, having been torn down around the 1950s. However, the original freight house, built between 1861 and 1884, is still in place east of the layover yard. It has long been used for storage by an animal feeds dealer, but may be rehabilitated for MBTA office and storage use.
MBTA era
Rockport has seen almost continuous service for over 150 years, with just two gaps. When the newly formed MBTA began funding commuter rail service in 1965, communities outside the funding district were left to pay for trains to continue stopping. Rockport and neighboring Gloucester initially declined to subsidize service. Service past Manchester was discontinued on January 28, 1965, along with the outer sections of the Fitchburg Line and Central Mass Branch. service was to resume on June 6. After a lawsuit in which the Eastern Massachusetts Street Railway challenged the right of the MBTA to provide out-of-district service, Rockport service resumed on June 28, 1965. The MBTA bought most B&M commuter assets, including the Gloucester Branch, on December 27, 1976. The old yard at Rockport was upgraded to serve newer equipment in 1979.
On November 16, 1984, the Beverly Draw bridge connecting Salem to Beverly burned, cutting the Rockport Branch and the Ipswich Line from the rest of the system. (All lines running north and west of Newburyport were abandoned by 1984, leaving no route to move equipment to the rest of the northside.) A shuttle train was run from Rockport to Beverly Depot until January 7, 1985, when it was replaced by bus service. The locomotives used were then trucked to Danvers so they could be repaired at the MBTA's main maintenance facility. A new bridge opened on December 1, 1985, reconnecting Rockport to the larger system.
Modern improvements
The station has a number of issues, many of which are unique to Rockport. The layover facility is located in a residential and commercial area, rather than a rural or industrial lot as with most other MBTA layovers. Power available at the layover is insufficient to run locomotives, so they are forced to idle their diesel motors for long periods, causing noise pollution for surrounding properties. Due to inadequate parking facilities, commuters and patrons of nearby businesses often park inside the layover yard. Flooding after rain due to inadequate drainage further reduces available parking. Pooles Lane, a minor local road, cuts through the facility at an unprotected crossing, which limits the length of trains that can be stored, interferes with operations, and creates frequently unsafe conditions.
In 1999, the MBTA set a number of goals for improving Rockport station, which was largely unmodified since 1979. These included:
Double-parking capacity to 175 spaces, with associated pavement, drainage, lighting, safety, and aesthetic improvements
Building a fully accessible platform long enough for 9-car trains
Providing layover space for four 9-car trains, with the ability to handle trains with two locomotives
However, due to the construction of the Greenbush Line and four infill stations on the Framingham/Worcester Line, funds were not immediately available to implement these goals. In 2006, as an interim solution, the MBTA built a mini-high platform to render the station handicapped accessible. The $70,000 platform took ten weeks to construct and opened on June 28, 2006.
In 2007, the MBTA completed an alternatives analysis of the layover facility. Several alternatives involved improvements to the existing site, while others looked at moving to a completely new yard at Piggery Crossing on Eastern Avenue (near the old Bass Rocks station site). All would have closed the Pooles Lane crossing and created a new street entrance and larger parking lot in the existing layover yard space. The Piggery Crossing layover alternatives minimized land-taking at the station area, but were more expensive and impacted a designated town historic space. In 2008, the MBTA began planning to implement Alternative A1, which would have created a modernized 4-track layover facility at the station with an engine shed to minimize noise from locomotives. The project was to be completed in 2011. The agency awarded a $1.2 million design contract in June 2008. However, after several years of delays, the improvements were tacitly canceled by the MBTA due to disagreements between the town and the MBTA over the project scope and funding.
In June 2013, the MBTA released plans for a less ambitious improvements project. Ground power for locomotives is to be upgraded from 175 and 200 amps to 600 amps to eliminate long-term idling, while a bus shelter and information kiosk are to be installed for use by the Cape Ann Transportation Authority. The then-$2.8 million project was to be partially funded by $1.2 million in federal earmarks obtained during the previous project planning phase, without need for local monies. The MBTA originally planned to advertise for bids by the end of 2013 and complete the project in late 2014.
However, design completion was delayed to January 2014 due to the need to place a substation inside, rather than guarded by a fence, and then to October 2014 by other matters. The schedule called for full funding by July 2015, advertisement for construction in Q4 2015, and completion by 3Q 2016; however, this schedule was not achieved. Although the current project does not include an engine shed, new platform, or parking lot improvements, it is specifically designed not to preclude them and the MBTA may add those elements later if funding becomes available. Bidding for the $4.2 million project is expected to begin in October 2016.
On April 29, 2020, service between West Gloucester and Rockport was indefinitely replaced by buses due to a failure of the old bridge. That June, the MBTA indicated the closure would continue until the completion of the bridge replacement. Regular service to Rockport over the bridge resumed on May 23, 2022.
Bus connections
Rockport is served by Cape Ann Transportation Authority local bus service. Two routes run directly to the station:
Blue Line Gloucester - Rockport via Lanesville
Green Line Rockport Loop
Two additional routes run to Rockport via southern routings; they do not stop at the station but run via Broadway and Main Street about one quarter mile east of the station:
Red Line Gloucester - Rockport via Thatcher Road
Green Line Gloucester - Rockport via Eastern Avenue
References
External links
MBTA - Rockport
Rockport Station Improvements Project
2007 Alternatives Analysis
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
The Merrill Lynch Domestic Master is a common American Bond index, analogous to the S&P 500 for stocks, owned by Merrill Lynch. The Domestic Master is similar to the Salomon BIG or the Barclays Capital Aggregate Bond Index (The Agg). The Domestic Master Index was created on December 31, 1975. The index is re-balanced on the last calendar day of the month.
The Domestic Master Index (Ticker D0A0) is part of the larger Merrill Lynch US Broad Market (US00). The Domestic Master follows the US dollar denominated investment grade Public Corporate and Government debt. Treasuries, mortgage-backed securities, global bonds (debt issued simultaneously in the eurobond and US domestic bond markets) and some Yankee Bonds (debt of foreign issuers issued in the US domestic market) are included in the Domestic Master Index.
However, the Domestic Master index excludes asset-backed securities (ABS), tax-exempt municipal debt, 144As and any bond without a fixed coupon schedule, less than a $1 billion outstanding for US Treasuries and $150 million for all other securities, and less than one year remaining term to maturity.
See also
Bond market index
External links
Merrill Lynch page (for registered users)
Bond market indices
Bonds (finance)
Merrill (company)
Richard Justice (by 1488 – 1548/49), of Reading, Berkshire, was an English politician. They were Mayor of Reading in 1539-40 and 1543–4. They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Reading in 1542.
References
15th-century births
1540s deaths
English MPs 1542–1544
People from Reading, Berkshire
Catherine Seppala (1907 – July 4, 1975) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. They served as mayor of Fort William from 1959 to 1960, the first and only female mayor of the city before it became part of Thunder Bay.
They were born in Fort William. They served on Fort William city council from 1953 to 1958.During their time as mayor, the Neebing River Conservation project was initiated and the Westmount Hospital was built. Also during Seppala's term as mayor, they pressured a local bookseller to remove Lady Chatterley's Lover from their shelves (and more than 700 copies of the books were burned).
In January 1956, as chairperson of the city carnival committee, Seppala banned bathing suits from the Fort William carnival queen contest in favour of skating skirts and sweaters.
Seppala was involved in a number of local volunteer organizations, including the Red Cross.
They resigned due to illness in September 1961. They died in Thunder Bay in 1975.
References
1907 births
1975 deaths
Mayors of Fort William, Ontario
Women mayors of places in Ontario
20th-century Canadian women politicians
The Eluru Urban Development Authority (EUDA) is an urban planning agency in West Godavari district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It was constituted on 1 January 2019, under Andhra Pradesh Metropolitan Region and Urban Development Authority Act, 2016 with the headquarters located at Eluru.
Jurisdiction
The jurisdictional area of EUDA is spread over an area of . It covers 463 villages in 35 mandals of West Godavari district. The below table lists the urban areas of EUDA.
References
West Godavari district
Urban development authorities of Andhra Pradesh
State urban development authorities of India
{{Infobox pro wrestling championship
|image=
|caption=
|championshipname=ECWA Unified Heavyweight Championship
|currentholder= Sam Shields
|won= May 23, 2022
|promotion=East Coast Wrestling Association
|created=August 1967
|mostreigns=Cheetah Master and Joey Ace (3 times)
|firstchamp=Lance Diamond
|longestreign=Lance Diamond (853 days)
|shortestreign=Xavier (<1 day)
|oldest=
|youngest=
|heaviest=
|lightest=
|pastnames=* ECWA Heavyweight Championship(1993–2012)
ECWA Unified Heavyweight Championship(2012–present)
|}}ECWA Heavyweight Championship' is the top title contested in the independent professional wrestling promotion East Coast Wrestling Association. The current champion is Sam Shields.
History
ECWA began as a backyard wrestling promotion in New Castle, DE started by Jim Kettner and a close friend of Kettner's at their home in 1967.
In the early 1980s, the promotion ran under the banner of East Coast Wrestling Semi-Pro wrestling. Spot shows ran throughout New Castle County, Delaware during the 1980s. Shows were performed at venues such as Millcreek Fire Hall, Corpus Christi School, Thomas McKean High School, Claymont Fire Hall, Nur Temple, St. Matthews Parish Center, The Wilmington Boys and Girls Club, as well as various other "one time" stops.
Reigns
Combined reigns
As of , .
References
Duncan, Royal and Gary Will. Wrestling Title Histories, Revised 4th Edition''. Waterloo, Ontario: Archeus Communications, 2000.
http://www.cagematch.net/?id=5&nr=27
External links
solie.org - ECWA Heavyweight Championship title history
ECWA Heavyweight Championship
East Coast Wrestling Association championships
Heavyweight wrestling championships
Regional professional wrestling championships
Bryan Jerome Gilbert Nouvier (born 21 June 1995) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
In August 2015, Nouvier signed a three-year contract with Romanian side CFR Cluj.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Club
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2017–18
Cupa României: 2015–16
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Metz
French footballers
Association football midfielders
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
FC Metz players
Liga I players
CFR Cluj players
Sepsi OSK Sfântu Gheorghe players
Ekstraklasa players
Raków Częstochowa players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
French expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Poland
French expatriate sportspeople in Poland
The White Shoes may refer to:
The White Shoes, earlier name of Dutch band The Shoes
The White Shoes (song), song by the rap artist Wale on The Album About Nothing
See also
White Shoes (disambiguation)
Prichard is a census-designated place (CDP) in Wayne County, West Virginia, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 461. It is located along the Big Sandy River and U.S. Route 52. It is part of the Huntington–Ashland, WV–KY–OH, Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), which had a population of 287,702 according to the US Census (2010). The community was named after James Pritchard.
Education
Prichard Elementary School opened in 1958, replacing a two-room schoolhouse. It is the lone academic facility in Prichard. Once students reach sixth grade, they attend either Buffalo Middle School, Wayne Middle School, or Fort Gay Middle School. Upon reaching ninth grade, Prichard residents attend either Spring Valley High School, Wayne High School or Tolsia High School.
Economy
With only a limited number of employment opportunities within Prichard, the average work commute for residents was 38.7 minutes.
In September 1999, Senator Jay Rockefeller announced that Okuno International would open a hydraulic cylinder plant in Prichard, offering 50 new jobs and eventually expanding to 100.
Aplicare, a manufacturer of topical antiseptic and personal care products, operated a facility which, according to their website, manufactured “all of our bottled antiseptics, our personal care product line, and several unit dose products including lubricating jelly and antiseptic hand gel. This facility closed in 2018”
In 2003, Allevard opened a coil spring and stabilizer bar plant in Prichard originally employing approximately 90 people. In May 2008, Allevard announced plans to expand employment to approximately 150 people, but in 2009, due to the slumping economy, had to instead reduce its staff to about 40.
In January 2008, construction began on the Heartland Corridor, a train route of the Norfolk Southern Railway that leads from the Virginia coast to Columbus, Ohio. The corridor offers existing lines the ability to carry more cargo by double-stacking boxcars. An intermodal facility was placed in Prichard, to allow for the cars to be easily transferred between rail, highway, waterway, and airway transportation. The $35 million intermodal facility opened in 2015, but with disappointing expectations. The West Virginia Port Authority put the facility up for auction in 2020 after losing a half million dollars a year.
Government
As an unincorporated community, Prichard has no city government. Law enforcement is provided from the county and state levels.
References
Census-designated places in Wayne County, West Virginia
Census-designated places in West Virginia
David Josué Colmán Escobar (born 25 July 1998) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga MX club Mazatlán.
Club career
Colmán helped Cerro Porteño win the 2017 Torneo Clausura championship.
In January 2018, Colmán signed with Orlando City and was given a Young Designated Player tag. Colmán made their Orlando City debut on 17 March 2018 against New York City FC. They scored their first goal for the club on 31 March 2018 against New York Red Bulls. Colmán was left out of Orlando City's lineup for a 6 May 2018 match after they had broken a team rule in the locker room.
In June 2019, Colmán returned to Cerro Porteño on a one and a half year loan deal.. On 26 September 2020, Cerro Porteño clinched the Apertura title with one match to spare following a 3–1 victory over River Plate.
Colmán had their contract option declined as part of Orlando's end of season roster moves in December 2020.
On 28 January 2021, Colmán signed with Paraguayan Primera División side Guaraní.
International career
They played for the Paraguay under-17 team at the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup and the Paraguay under-20s at the 2017 South American U-20 Championship.
Personal life
In February 2019, Colmán obtained a U.S. green card, which qualified them as a domestic player for MLS roster purposes.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Cerro Porteño
Paraguayan Primera División: 2020 Apertura
References
External links
Josué Colmán profile at FIFA
Josué Colmán at ABC Paraguay
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Asunción
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguay international footballers
Paraguay under-20 international footballers
Association football midfielders
Designated Players (MLS)
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Orlando City SC players
Major League Soccer players
Paraguayan expatriate footballers
Paraguayan expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Cerro Porteño players
The 2017 AFC Cup Final was the final match of the 2017 AFC Cup, the 14th edition of the AFC Cup, Asia's secondary club football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).
The final was contested as a single match between Tajik team Istiklol and Iraqi team Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya. The match was hosted by Istiklol at the Hisor Central Stadium in Hisor on 4 November 2017.
Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya defeated Istiklol 1–0 and were crowned AFC Cup champions for the second consecutive year.
Teams
Venue
Hisor Central Stadium, in Hisor, Tajikistan, hosted the match. This was the second time that an AFC Cup final was played in Tajikistan, with the previous final being 2015.
Road to the final
Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away).
Format
The final was played as a single match, with the host team (winner of the Inter-zone play-off final) decided by draw, which was held on 6 June 2017. If tied after regulation, extra time and, if necessary, penalty shoot-out was used to decide the winner.
Match
Details
See also
2017 AFC Champions League Final
References
External links
, the-AFC.com
AFC Cup 2017, stats.the-AFC.com
AFC Cup finals
Final
November 2017 sports events in Asia
International club association football competitions hosted by Tajikistan
FC Istiklol matches
Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya matches
Ngriil is a village on the north coast of Babeldaob, in the Ngarchelong state of Palau.
References
Ngarchelong
Populated places in Palau
Cole is an unincorporated community in Grant County, Indiana, in the United States.
History
The post office that Cole once contained was called Coleboro. The post office operated from 1900 until 1902.
References
Unincorporated communities in Grant County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Constantin Lecca (; 4 August 1807 – 13 October 1887) was a Romanian painter and art professor. They were the first Romanian artist to create Western-style religious paintings. Although they worked in a variety of genres, including history painting, they are best known for their portraits.
Biography
They were born into a family of merchants. In 1827, they went to Buda to study painting, but it is not known where or with whom they studied, so they may have been essentially self-taught. In any event, they made their first contacts with Romanian revolutionaries and became a friend of Zaharia Carcalechi, contributing articles, translations and portraits to their Romanian Library.
In 1833, they accepted an invitation to teach at the "Școala Centrală" (Central School) in Craiova. Five years later, they became the founder and editor of one of Romania's first cultural magazines, Mozaicul. They also started a family and was sufficiently successful to travel extensively, including a trip to Paris from 1847 to 1848, where they joined the circle of Romanian patriots, centered around Nicolae Bălcescu and Dimitrie Bolintineanu, among others.
When they returned home, they participated in the Wallachian Revolution of 1848, having to quit their position and leave their family for fear of reprisals. After remaining undercover in their hometown for a time, they were able to secure a professorship at Saint Sava National College, thanks to the intercession of Petrache Poenaru. One of their best-known students was Theodor Aman.
For the next fifteen years, they collaborated with Mișu Popp, painting murals at several churches throughout Bucharest and the nearby countryside. Among them was the Curtea Veche Church, the oldest religious building in Bucharest that has not been significantly altered. It was at this time that they also established their reputation as a portrait painter.
In 1870, illness forced them to retire and they painted little, although they lived for seventeen more years.
Selected paintings
References
Further reading
Paul Rezeanu, Constantin Lecca, Editura Arcade, 2005
Jack Brutaru, Constantin Lecca, Editura de Stat Pentru Literatură şi Arta, 1956
External links
Revista de cultura Mozaicul, new series
1807 births
1887 deaths
People from Brașov
Romanian muralists
Portrait painters
19th-century Romanian painters
Julio Capote (born October 22, 1932) is a Cuban actor.
Filmography
{| class="wikitable sortable"
! Year !! Title !! Role(s)
|-
| rowspan="1" |1950 || La mesera coja del café del puerto|| Ricardo
|-
| rowspan="1" |1954 || The White Rose|| José Julián Martí Pérez joven
|-
| rowspan="1" |1992 || Cara sucia|| Fermín
|-
| rowspan="1" |2002 || Gata Salvaje|| Samuel Tejar
|}
References
Bibliography
Rogelio Agrasánchez. Guillermo Calles: A Biography of the Actor and Mexican Cinema Pioneer''. McFarland, 2010.
External links
1932 births
Living people
Cuban male film actors
Remilekun "Remi" Ayodele (born April 22, 1983) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the New Orleans Saints, Dallas Cowboys and Minnesota Vikings. They played college football at Oklahoma.
Early years
Ayodele attended South Grand Prairie High School in Grand Prairie, Texas, where they played as a defensive end.
They accepted a football scholarship from Purdue University, following on the footsteps of their older brother Akin Ayodele. As a redshirt first-year student, they were asked to switch positions to defensive tackle, so they made the decision to transfer to Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College.
In their 2 seasons with the Golden Norsemen, they contributed to the team having a 21-3 record. They posted 50 tackles, 3 sacks and one fumble recovery. As a sophomore in 2003, they helped the team win a second straight conference championship, a second place national ranking and a bowl title.
They transferred after their sophomore season to the University of Oklahoma. As a junior, they started 2 games at defensive tackle, making 11 tackles, 3 tackles for loss and 3 sacks. As a senior, they started 6 games, posting 11 tackles (6 for loss), one sack and
one fumble recovery.
Professional career
Ayodele was signed as an undrafted free agent by the New England Patriots after the 2006 NFL Draft on May 8. They were waived on June 16. On July 27, they were signed as a free agent by the Baltimore Ravens. They were released on September 2.
On November 7, 2006, they were signed by the Dallas Cowboys to the practice squad. They were cut in November 27. They were signed to the Baltimore Ravens practice squad on December 5.
On February 9, 2007, they were re-signed by the Dallas Cowboys and allocated to the Rhein Fire of NFL Europa on February 12. They made 15 tackles, one sack and one pass breakup. They were released by the Cowboys on September 1.
On September 3, 2007, they were claimed off waivers by the Atlanta Falcons. They were released before the season opener on September 7.
Dallas Cowboys (second stint)
On September 11, 2007, they were signed by the Dallas Cowboys for depth purposes, after starting nose tackle Jason Ferguson was lost for the year with a biceps injury. They appeared in 7 games and was declared inactive for 5 contests, as a backup to nose tackle Jay Ratliff, who was moved from defensive end to replace Ferguson. They tallied 5 tackles and one forced fumble.
Ayodele also had a chance to play on the same team with their brother Akin. On December 11, they were released and signed to the practice squad on December 14, where they spent the final four weeks of the season. They were cut on August 31, 2008.
New Orleans Saints (first stint)
On September 3, 2008, they were signed by the New Orleans Saints to the practice squad. They were promoted to the active roster on October 4. On November 11, they were cut and re-signed to the practice squad three days later. On December 20, they were promoted to the active roster for the last 2 games of the season. They appeared in 6 games, making 7 tackles (2 solo).
In 2009, they became a starter (13 starts) at left defensive tackle after Kendrick Clancy injured their knee in the season opener. On October 4, they scored their first touchdown after defensive lineman Will Smith forced Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez to fumble, with Ayodele recovering the ball and returning it for a touchdown. They made 8 tackles against the Dallas Cowboys. They registered 53 tackles (22 solo), 1.5 sacks, one pass defense and one fumble recovery during the regular season. On January 24, 2010, they had 8 tackles (4 solo) and recovered one fumble in the NFC Championship Game that led to a touchdown against the Minnesota Vikings. They were a part of the Super Bowl XLIV winning team.
In 2010, they started all 16 games, posting 73 tackles (25 solo), one sack, one pass defensed and one forced fumble, helping the defense ranking improve from 25th to 4th. In their Saints career, they appeared in 37 games, with 29 starts at nose tackle, while posting 133 tackles, 2.5 sacks, 2 passes defensed, one forced fumble and on fumble recovery, which came in the end zone for a touchdown.
Minnesota Vikings
On July 28, 2011, they signed a three-year deal as a free agent with the Minnesota Vikings, with the intention of replacing the veteran Pat Williams. They played in 16 games (13 starts), registering 22 tackles (11 solo) and 1½ sacks. They were released on March 21, 2012.
New Orleans Saints (second stint)
On May 7, 2012, Ayodele returned to the New Orleans Saints with a one-year contract. They were cut on August 27.
Personal life
Their older brother Akin Ayodele played linebacker in the NFL.
References
1983 births
Living people
People from Grand Prairie, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football defensive tackles
American sportspeople of Nigerian descent
American people of Yoruba descent
Purdue Boilermakers football players
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M Golden Norsemen football players
Oklahoma Sooners football players
Yoruba sportspeople
Baltimore Ravens players
Dallas Cowboys players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Atlanta Falcons players
New Orleans Saints players
Minnesota Vikings players
Ramchandra Chandravansi University is a private university located in Palamu, Jharkhand, India. It was established in 2018.
References
External links
Universities and colleges in Jharkhand
Educational institutions established in 2018
2018 establishments in Jharkhand
Epiploic appendagitis (EA) is an uncommon, benign, self-limiting inflammatory process of the epiploic appendices. Other, older terms for the process include appendicitis epiploica and appendagitis, but these terms are used less now in order to avoid confusion with acute appendicitis.
Epiploic appendices are small, fat-filled sacs or finger-like projections along the surface of the upper and lower colon and rectum. They may become acutely inflamed as a result of torsion (twisting) or venous thrombosis. The inflammation causes pain, often described as sharp or stabbing, located on the left, right, or central regions of the abdomen. There is sometimes nausea and vomiting. The symptoms may mimic those of acute appendicitis, diverticulitis, or cholecystitis. The pain is characteristically intense during/after defecation or micturition (espec. in the sigmoid type) due to the effect of traction on the pedicle of the lesion caused by straining and emptying of the bowel and bladder. Initial lab studies are usually normal. EA is usually diagnosed incidentally on CT scan which is performed to exclude more serious conditions.
Although it is self-limiting, epiploic appendagitis can cause severe pain and discomfort. It is usually thought to be best treated with an anti-inflammatory and a moderate to severe pain medication (depending on the case) as needed. Surgery is not recommended in nearly all cases. Sand and colleagues, however, recommend laparoscopic surgery to excise the inflamed appendage in most cases in order to prevent recurrence.
Signs and symptoms
The condition commonly occurs in patients in their 40s and 50s predominantly in men. Epiploic appendagitis is normally misdiagnosed in most patients. Epiploic appendagitis presents with an acute onset of pain, commonly in the left lower quadrant the symptoms often lead to a misdiagnosis for diverticulitis. Diverticulitis manifests with evenly distributed lower abdominal pain accompanied with nausea, fever, and leukocytosis. Patients with acute epiploic appendagitis do not normally report a change in bowel habits, while a small number may have constipation or diarrhea.
Peritoneal loose body
It is rare however possible for epiploic appendagitis to result in a peritoneal loose body. Peritoneal loose body is a free floating mass of dead fibrous tissue surrounded by several layers of calcification (deposit of calcium salts). The loose body is the result of torsed, infarcted or detached epiploic appendages that eventually become fibrotic (inflammation and scarring) masses. If the loose body becomes large enough it can cause urinary retention (inability to empty bladder) or bowel obstructions.
Background
Epiploic appendages are also called appendices epiploicae. The appendages themselves are 50–100 appendages that are oriented in two rows anterior and posterior. The appendages are parallel to the superficial section of the taenia coli. Furthermore, the appendages are between 0.5 and 5 cm long, each appendage is attached with one or two arterioles and a venule within vascular stalks attached to the colon. Torsion (twisting or wrenching motion) of the appendages can cause ischemia which can cause painful symptoms that mimic other conditions such as diverticulitis, and appendicitis; however, it is rare. The pain associated with the inflamed appendages is located in the left and sometimes in the right lower abdominal quadrant. Diagnosis of epiploic appendagitis can be challenging due to its infrequency.
Diagnosis
Epiploic appendagitis is more common in patients older than 40 years of age; however, it can occur at any age. "The reported ages range from 12 to 82 years. Men are slightly more affected than woman." Patients with epiploic appendicitis describe having a localized, strong, non-migratory sharp pain after eating. Patients generally have tender abdomens as a symptom. Symptoms do not include fever, vomiting, or leukocytosis. The pain is typically located in the right or left lower abdominal quadrant. When there is pain in the right lower quadrant, it can mimic appendicitis; however, it more commonly mimics diverticulitis, with pain present on the left side.
Differential diagnosis
There are several conditions that mimic the symptoms of epiploic appendicitis.
Omental infarction: Omental infarction is uncommon reason for acute abdomen. It is similar to acute appendicitis. The pain is of a few days duration centering in the right lower or upper quadrant. Imaging is required to obtain an accurate diagnosis due to the common misdiagnosis of omental infarction as appendicitis or cholecystitis. Omental infarction occurs commonly in pediatric patients approximately 15 percent of cases. The most frequent cause of non- torsion related omental infarction is due to trauma as well as thrombosis or the omental veins. The predisposition for omental infarction includes obesity, strenuous activity, congestive heart failure, digitalis administration, recent abdominal surgery and trauma. "The typical CT findings are a solitary large non-enhancing omental mass with heterogeneous attenuation, which is most often located in the right lower quadrant, deep to the rectus abdominis muscle and either anterior to the transverse colon or anteromedial to the ascending colon". Omental Infarction can be difficult to differentiate from diverticulitis however omental infarction is not normally attributed with bowel wall thickening. It is rare that the colonic wall will be thickened due to spread of the inflammation from the omentum (a fold of peritoneum connecting or supporting abdominal structures) to the tenia omentalis of the colon.
Diverticulitis: Diverticulitis normally happens in older patients than in epiploic appendagitis. The two inflammatory conditions are quite indistinguishable based on physical manifestations. Patients with diverticulitis will present with nausea, vomiting, fever, elevated leukocyte count rebound tenderness, and will have more extensive lower abdominal pain than patients with epiploic appendagitis. Additionally inflammation from diverticulitis may spread to the epiploic appendages making it difficult to diagnose, for inflammation of the appendices epiploicae may be resultant to other inflammatory conditions in the colonic wall and surrounding mesocolon.
Radiologic evaluation
Ultrasound and CT scans are the normal means of positive diagnosis of Epiploic Appendagitis. Ultrasound scans show "an oval, non-compressible hyperechoic mass with a subtle hypoechoic rim directly under the site of maximum tenderness". Normally, epiploic appendages cannot be seen on CT scan. After cross-sectional imaging and the increased use of abdominal CT for evaluating lower abdominal pain, EA is increasingly diagnosed. Pathognomonic CT scan data represent EA as 2–4 cm, oval shaped, fat density lesions, surrounded by inflammation. Contrasting with diverticulitis findings, the colonic wall is mostly unchanged.
Management
Epiploic appendagitis is self-limiting and can be managed conservatively with NSAIDs.
Epidemiology
Acute epiploic appendigitis is usually associated with obesity, hernia and unaccustomed exercise. The inflammation of the epiploic appendages normally resolves on its own for most patients. It is possible however uncommon for acute epiploic appendigitis to result in adhesion, bowel obstruction, intussusception, intraperitoneal loose body, peritonitis, and/or abscess formation. Treatment consists of reassurance of the patient and analgesics. Under non invasive treatment, symptoms resolve in two weeks. Hospitalization is not necessary.
References
External links
Inflammations
Gastrointestinal tract disorders
Thomas Skynner (born Great Milton 6 June 1728; died Pinhoe 7 August 1789) was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1772 until 1775.
Skynner was born in Great Milton and educated at Christ Church, Oxford. They were appointed a prebendary of Exeter Cathedral in 1768; Canon in 1769; and Precentor in 1775. They were Rector of Bratton Clovelly and Vicar of Pinhoe in 1781.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
1728 births
1789 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
18th-century English Anglican priests
People from Oxfordshire
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Yvoir. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Yvoir
Yvoir
Jesse Randall Baxter, Jr. (December 8, 1887 – January 29, 1960), known professionally as J.R. Baxter and sometimes referred to as "Pap", was an American Southern Gospel composer and publisher.
Biography
They were born on December 8, 1887 in Lebanon, Alabama. They were a farmer and married Clarice Howard in 1918.
They studied with Thomas B. Mosley and Anthony Johnson Showalter, and in 1926 bought a stake in Virgil O. Stamps' gospel music publishing company. The Stamps-Baxter Music & Printing Company became one of the leading publishers of gospel songs in the early 20th century. Baxter ran the company's Chattanooga, Tennessee office until Stamps's death in 1940; following this Baxter moved to Dallas, Texas to run the main office.
Baxter's interest in school teaching led them to publish shape-note songbooks and sponsor a Stamps-Baxter School of Music, both of which contributed to the popularity of Gospel music.
Baxter also composed Gospel songs himself; their works include "Try Jesus", "Travel the Sunlit Way", "Something Happens (When You Give Your Heart to God)", "I Have Peace in My Soul", "Living Grace", and "I Want to Help Some Weary Pilgrim".
They died on January 29, 1960 in Dallas, Texas.
Legacy
After Baxter's death, their wife continued to run the business until they died, after which it was sold to Zondervan. In 1997, Baxter was inducted into the Southern Gospel Music Association Hall of Fame.
Footnotes
References
Ivan M. Tribe, J.R. Baxter. Encyclopedia of American Gospel Music. Routledge, 2005, p. 32.
J.R. Baxter, Southern Gospel Music Association
1887 births
1960 deaths
American gospel singers
American music publishers (people)
Composers of Christian music
20th-century American singers
Benton County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,575.
Its county seat and largest city is Vinton. The county is named for Thomas Hart Benton, a U.S. Senator from Missouri.
Benton County is part of the Cedar Rapids, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Benton County was formed on December 21, 1837, from sections of Dubuque County. It was named after US Senator Thomas Hart Benton.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.3%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 380
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 151
U.S. Highway 218
Iowa Highway 8
Iowa Highway 21
Iowa Highway 27
Iowa Highway 150
Adjacent counties
Black Hawk County (northwest)
Buchanan County (northeast)
Linn County (east)
Iowa County (south)
Tama County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 25,575 in the county, with a population density of . 96.29% of the population reported being of one race. 93.04% were non-Hispanic White, 0.45% were Black, 1.81% were Hispanic, 0.13% were Native American, 0.32% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.24% were some other race or more than one race. There were 11,076 housing units of which 10,282 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 26,076 in the county, with a population density of . There were 11,095 housing units, of which 10,302 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 25,308 people, 9,746 households, and 7,056 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 10,377 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.84% White, 0.20% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.11% from other races, and 0.52% from two or more races. 0.62% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,746 households, out of which 34.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.70% were married couples living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.6% were non-families. 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.56 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 21.1% from 45 to 64, and 15.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.8 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $42,427, and the median income for a family was $49,701. Males had a median income of $35,044 versus $23,978 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,891. About 4.6% of families and 6.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Atkins
Belle Plaine
Blairstown
Garrison
Keystone
Luzerne
Mount Auburn
Newhall
Norway
Shellsburg
Urbana
Van Horne
Vinton
Walford
Townships
Benton County is divided into twenty townships:
Benton
Big Grove
Bruce
Canton
Cedar
Eden
Eldorado
Florence
Fremont
Harrison
Homer
Iowa
Jackson
Kane
Leroy
Monroe
Polk
St. Clair
Taylor
Union
Census-designated place
Watkins
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Benton County.
† county seat
Politics
Education
School districts:
Belle Plaine Community School District
Benton Community School District
Center Point-Urbana Community School District
College Community School District
Independence Community School District
North Linn Community School District
Vinton-Shellsburg Community School District
Union Community School District
There was formerly a state-operated school, Iowa Braille and Sight Saving School.
See also
Benton County Courthouse (Iowa)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Benton County, Iowa
References
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Cedar Rapids, Iowa metropolitan area
Moma District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Moma.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Nampula Province
The 1996 Senior PGA Tour was the 17th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 39 official money events with purses totalling $37,400,000, including four majors. Jim Colbert won the most tournaments, five. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1996 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Johannes "Johan" Devrindt (born 14 April 1945) is a retired Belgian football player.
Club career
They played for Anderlecht, Dutch outfit PSV Eindhoven, Club Brugge, Lokeren, Winterslag and La Louviere before hanging up their boots after suffering relegation with second division Tienen.
International career
Devrindt made their debut for Belgium in a September 1964 friendly match against Holland with 10 fellows from the Anderlecht team after the substitution of goalkeeper Delhasse by Jean-Marie Trappeniers and has earned a total of 23 caps, scoring 15 goals. They have represented their country in 5 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.
Their final international was a September 1975 UEFA Euro 1976 qualifying match against East Germany.
Honours
Club
RSC Anderlecht
Belgian First Division: 1964–65, 1965–66, 1966–67, 1967–68
Belgian Cup: 1964–65
Inter-Cities Fairs Cup runners-up: 1969–70
Club Brugge
Belgian First Division: 1972–73
Jules Pappaert Cup: 1972
Individual
FIFA World Cup 1970 qualification – UEFA Group 6 top scorer
UEFA Euro 1972 qualifying Group 5 top scorer
References
External links
Profile & stats - Lokeren
Profile & stats - FC Brugge
ZStats - PSV
1944 births
Living people
People from Overpelt
Association football forwards
Belgian footballers
Belgium international footballers
1970 FIFA World Cup players
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
PSV Eindhoven players
Club Brugge KV players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
K.F.C. Winterslag players
R.A.A. Louviéroise players
Belgian First Division A players
Eredivisie players
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Footballers from Limburg (Belgium)
Edward Owner (1576–1650) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1648. They supported the Parliamentary cause in the English Civil War.
In 1621, Owner was elected Member of Parliament for Great Yarmouth. They were alderman and bailiff of Yarmouth in 1625, and closely connected to its Presbyterian faction, their daughter marrying the minister John Brinsley and was also re-elected MP for the town in the same year. They were bailiff again in 1634 when they were the cause of offence. The bailiffs of the Cinque Ports were accustomed to attending the fair at Yarmouth but in this year Owner refused them their usual seat. They petitioned the Earl of Arundel who settled the matter but recommended "a more courteous carriage, and friendly demeanor, in future."
In April 1640, they were re-elected MP for Yarmouth in the Short Parliament and was re-elected for the Long Parliament in November 1640. They opposed Ship Money in parliament and voted it illegal. When the Civil War broke out, they worked to ensure that the town's defences were satisfactory and contributed financially to this purpose. In January 1646 they led a group of councillors and one of the town's ministers, Thomas Whitfield, in attempt to put down the town's independent congregation. In 1646 they were elected Bailiff of Yarmouth, which they attempted to refuse.  They are not recorded as sitting in parliament after Pride's Purge. They made charitable donations to the town of Yarmouth and left property in Ireland to the benefit of the council for the Children's Hospital School .
Owner died in 1650, and was buried in the north aisle of Yarmouth's St Nicholas' Church.
References
1576 births
1650 deaths
Roundheads
Place of birth missing
People from Great Yarmouth
Mayors of places in Norfolk
English MPs 1621–1622
English MPs 1625
English MPs 1640 (April)
English MPs 1640–1648
The Archdeacon of Meath is a senior ecclesiastical officer within the united Diocese of Meath and Kildare.
The archdeaconry can trace its history from Helias, the first known incumbent, who held the office in the twelfth century to the last discrete incumbent Thomas George Corrigan. who retired in 1996 when their role was merged with that of Kildare. As such they were responsible for the disciplinary supervision of the clergy and the upkeep of diocesan property within their half of the diocese.
References
Lists of Anglican archdeacons in Ireland
Diocese of Meath and Kildare
The Deutscher Koordinierungsrat der Gesellschaften für Christlich-Jüdische Zusammenarbeit (DKR - German Coordinating-Council for Christian-Jewish cooperation organisations) is an umbrella organisation for 81 local and regional organisations in Germany working for Christian-Jewish collaboration. It presently has around 20,000 members overall. They advocate Jewish-Christian dialogue and collaboration between Christians and Jews as well as for the study of the Holocaust. It was founded on 10 November 1949 and is based in Bad Nauheim. Its patron is ex officio the President of Germany.
It is the largest single member of the 32-nation International Council of Christians and Jews, which increasingly also looks into "Abrahamic" dialogue between Jews, Christian and Muslims to which the ICCJ can bring models based on its long experience in interfaith dialogue.
The DKR awards the annual Buber-Rosenzweig-Medal. The organisations that are represented within the DKR established the Buber-Rosenzweig Foundation in 1989, and in 1992 the foundation opened its own headquarters and conference hall in Bad Nauheim (also open to other organizers working for similar aims to that of the foundation).
Notable members
Lorenz Weinrich, German historian
Karl Thieme
See also
Authorship of the Bible
References
External links
Homepage
Organisations within the DKR
Information on the Buber-Rosenzweig-Stiftung
International Council of Christians and Jews
Truth Speaks: Explanation of Jewish theologians
Jewish German history
Jewish organizations established in 1949
1949 establishments in Germany
Christian and Jewish interfaith dialogue
Christian organizations established in 1949
J. Thomas McCarthy (born July 2, 1937 in Detroit, Michigan) is a Professor Emeritus at the University of San Francisco School of Law.  They are the founding director of the McCarthy Institute for Intellectual Property and Technology Law. They have practiced, written, and taught in the field of trademarks and unfair competition and was a frequent speaker on the subject. McCarthy is a member of the California and U.S. Supreme Court bars and is admitted to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
They hold a degree in electrical engineering from the University of Detroit. They worked as an engineer for Chrysler Corporation Missile Division in the early days of the space program on the Redstone missile, a version of which was used to launch the Explorer I satellite in January 1958. They received a law degree from the University of Michigan Law School.
 They are an of counsel consultant with the law firm of Morrison & Foerster. They were a member of the A.L.I. Advisory Committee involved in drafting the 1995 Restatement of the Law of Unfair Competition, was a member of the Trademark Review Commission, which drafted the 1989 revisions to the Lanham Act, and has served for several years on the Editorial Board of The Trademark Reporter.
McCarthy was the recipient of: the 2003 President's Award of the International Trademark Association; the 2000 Pattishall Medal for excellence in teaching trademark law from the Brand Names Education Foundation; the 1997 Ladas Professional Author Award from the Brand Names Education Foundation; the Centennial Award in Trademark Law from the American Intellectual Property Law Association in 1997; the 1994 Jefferson Medal from the New Jersey Intellectual Property Law Association; the 1979 Rossman Award of the Patent and Trademark Office Society; and the 1965 Watson Award of the American Intellectual Property Law Association. In 2012, McCarthy was inducted into Intellectual Asset Management's Intellectual Property Hall of Fame. In 2018 they received a Lifetime Achievement Award from World Trademark Review magazine.
They delivered: the 1999 Niro Lecture at DePaul University College of Law; the 1997 Tenzer Lecture at Cardozo Law School; the 1995 H.S. Manges Lecture at Columbia University; and the 1989 Boal Memorial Lecture for the Brand Names Education Foundation. They were the 1994 Biebel & French Distinguished Visiting Scholar in Law & Technology at the University of Dayton.
McCarthy is the author of the seven volume treatise McCarthy on Trademarks and Unfair Competition, (5th edition Thomson Reuters) which has been relied upon as authority in over 7000 judicial opinions, including 16 opinions of the United States Supreme Court. The treatise was first published in 1972 in two volumes. Other books include the two-volume treatise The Rights of Publicity and Privacy (with Prof. Roger Schechter) and McCarthy's Desk Encyclopedia of Intellectual Property (Third Edition), (with Schechter & Franklyn).
References
External links
McCarthy Institute for Intellectual Property
1937 births
Living people
University of San Francisco faculty
University of Dayton faculty
Lawyers from Detroit
University of Detroit Mercy alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
People associated with Morrison & Foerster
The following lists events that have happened in 1831 in the Qajar dynasty.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar
Birth
July 16 – Naser al-Din Shah Qajar born in Tabriz
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1830s in Iran
Iran
Hindelbank Castle is a castle in the municipality of Hindelbank of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. It was sold to the canton in 1866 and later became a workhouse and a prison. Currently, it is the administration building of the only women's prison in Switzerland.
History
Hindelbank Castle was built in 1720-25 for Schultheiss Hieronymus von Erlach by Daniel Stürler (1674-1746) based on plans from the French architect Joseph Abeille. The floor plan was based on Thunstetten Castle which Abeille had designed for von Erlach in 1711. The castle remained in the Erlach family until 1866 when Robert von Erlach sold the castle to the Canton of Bern and the surrounding land to a private buyer. Under the canton's ownership, the castle became a workhouse for poor women, until 1896 when it became a women's reformatory. It was extensively renovated in 1962-66 and again in 1996. After the first renovation it became the administrative center for Switzerland's only women's prison, a role that it still fulfills today.
Design and layout
The imposing castle was built with a north facing cour d'honneur or three-sided courtyard with a two-story corps de logis topped with a steep hipped roof. The façade of the central building features two rows of seven symmetrical windows and doors.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
The Hartbeespoort Aerial Cableway (or Harties Cableway), originally constructed in 1973, is a 1.2 km long cableway that extends to the top of the Magaliesberg and offers panoramic views of the Magaliesberg, Hartbeespoort Dam and the surrounding area. It is situated 1 km to the north of the town of Hartbeespoort in the North West Province, and is the longest mono-cableway in Africa. In 2010 the cableway was completely revamped and modernised by Zargodox (Pty) Ltd, and officially reopened on 14 August 2010 by the then Minister of Tourism Marthinus van Schalkwyk. The aerial cableway is open seven days a week.
History
1973–2005
The first Harties Aerial Cableway was constructed in 1973. The aerial cableway was a top visitor attraction for overseas travellers and local residents, and became a popular paragliding and hang gliding destination. By 2005 the cableway had fallen into a state of disrepair, and was closed.
2010
In 2010, Zargodox (Pty) Ltd began a private initiative with the aim of growing tourism in the Hartbeespoort area, and purchased the old cableway. In collaboration with Swiss company Rowema AG, Zargodox invested time and expertise into rejuvenating the old cableway and bringing the area back to life. 14 six-seater hi-tech cable cars, new galvanised cabling, touch-screen technology, and auto cabin spacing and conveyor programming technology was installed. The cableway underwent 500 hours of testing, complying with the Canadian Standards Association specifications.
2012
The Harties Aerial Cableway was named 'Best Conference Venue' at the North West Provincial Tourism Awards.
Government recognition
In their address at the official launch of the Harties Aerial Cableway on 14 August, Minister of Tourism Marthinus van Schalkwyk congratulated the team behind the rejuvenation of the cableway, and stated "Anyone who has been to Switzerland will tell you that the Harties Cableway is up there with the best. "This is a world-class facility and we need many more products like this."
References
External links
Harties Cableway Official Website
Aerial tramways in South Africa
Tourist attractions in North West (South African province)
1973 establishments in South Africa
The Be'er Sheva Black Swarm are an amateur American football team based in Be'er Sheva, Israel. The Black Swarm competes in the Israel Football League (IFL).
History
The Black Swarm joined the IFL in 2009 as an expansion team, along with the Judean Rebels. Despite never achieving a winning record, the Black Swarm have made the playoffs three times; losing in the first round each time. The Black Swarm play their home games at Amphipark, an outdoor amphitheater in Be'er Sheva.
References
American football teams in Israel
American football teams established in 2009
2009 establishments in Israel
Sport in Beersheba
The Path of Perfection is a book written by Bahram Elahi presenting an approach to the philosophy of their father Ostad Elahi. It was published in 2005 by Paraview Inc. It is the English translation of the latest edition of the French book La Voie de la Perfection, which was published in 2002 by Albin Michel Publishers after substantial revisions by the author. La Voie de la Perfection was first published in 1976 by Seghers Publishers and has thus far been translated and published in six languages.
Summary
The book presents the essence of Ostad Elahi's philosophy. Bahram Elahi sets forth the major aspects of a system of thought which aims at bringing out the conditions of man's process toward perfection by dealing with subjects such as the specificity of human beings, the consequences of our actions, etc. As mentioned in the Preface, this work has been conceived as a concise and practical handbook. The principles stated and the resulting concepts are developed and analysed more thoroughly by the author in other books.
The author
Bahram Elahi is the second son of Ostad Elahi. A graduate of Montpellier University, they are a Doctor of Medicine and a Professor Emeritus in paediatric surgery. Parallel to their professional career, they have pursued thorough study of ethics and spirituality for over 40 years based on the philosophy of their father, Ostad Elahi and has written several books analysing their teachings.  They are also the President of the Fondation Ostad Elahi: Ethics and Human Solidarity.
References
External links
Ostad Elahi's Official Website
The Fondation Ostad Elahi: Ethics and Human Solidarity
e-ostadelahi.com
Philosophy books
2002 non-fiction books
The Hot Docs Audience Awards are annual film awards, presented by the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival to the most popular films as voted by festival audiences. There are currently two awards presented: the Hot Docs Audience Award, presented since 2001 to the most popular film overall regardless of nationality, and the Rogers Audience Award, presented since 2017 to the most popular Canadian film. If a Canadian film wins the overall award, then the Canadian award is not given to a different film in lieu, but instead the same film wins both awards.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, in both 2020 and 2021 the festival opted to split the Canadian award and its associated prize money among all of the five highest-ranked Canadian films of the year instead of singling out only the top-ranked Canadian film. In 2022, the festival split the Canadian award among three films instead of five.
Hot Docs Audience Award
Rogers Audience Award
See also
Toronto International Film Festival People's Choice Award: Documentaries
References
Canadian documentary film awards
Jerzy Lipiński (1 February 1908 – 13 September 2000) was a Polish racing cyclist. They won the 1933 edition of the Tour de Pologne.
References
External links
1908 births
2000 deaths
Polish male cyclists
Cyclists from Warsaw
Alfred E. Bull (February 1867 – January 20, 1930) was an American football player, coach, rower, and dentist. They played football at the University of Pennsylvania and was selected as a center to the 1895 College Football All-America Team. Bull later served as the head football coach at the University of Iowa (1896), Franklin & Marshall College (1896–1897), Georgetown University (1900), Lafayette College (1903–1907), and Muhlenberg College (1908–1910), compiling a career college football coaching record of 62–34–15.
College playing career
Bull attended the University of Pennsylvania, from which they graduated with a degree in dentistry. They played football for the Penn Quakers and was named to the All-American team in 1895. During a game between Penn and the Carlisle Indian Industrial School, Bull faced off against All-American and early professional footballer Bemus Pierce. Bull and Pierce faced each other on the line throughout the game, and on a play late in the game Pierce knocked Bull to the ground, and the play went over him. After the play, Pierce, who was a Native American, cried out to the Penn players, "Look, look at Sitting Bull." Bull also rowed for the Penn crew.
Coaching and professional playing career
After graduating from Penn, Bull served as head football coach at Iowa, Franklin & Marshall, Georgetown, Lafayette, and Muhlenberg, compiling a record of 62–34–15 in a career that lasted from 1896 to 1910. Bull's 1896 Iowa team won the first conference title in school history. Bull played quarterback and served as the coach for the Latrobe Athletic Association in 1898. The 1898 team started off to a 7–0 record, before losing three games to Pittsburgh Athletic Club, Duquesne Country and Athletic Club and the Greensburg Athletic Association to finish 7–3.
Later life
Bull spent the last 30 years of their life, from 1900 to 1930, practicing dentistry in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
Head coaching record
College
References
1867 births
1930 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American dentists
American football centers
American football quarterbacks
Franklin & Marshall Diplomats football coaches
Georgetown Hoyas football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football coaches
Lafayette Leopards football coaches
Latrobe Athletic Association coaches
Latrobe Athletic Association players
Muhlenberg Mules football coaches
Penn Quakers football coaches
Penn Quakers football players
Penn Quakers rowers
All-American college football players
Sportspeople from New York City
Players of American football from New York (state)
University of Pennsylvania School of Dental Medicine alumni
Educators from New York City
The Fighting Hombre is a 1927 American silent Western film directed by Jack Nelson and starring Bob Custer, Mary O'Day and Bert Sprotte.
Cast
Bob Custer as Bob Camp
Mary O'Day as Rose Martin
Bert Sprotte as Henry Martin
David Dunbar as 'Goldstud' Hopkins
Carlo Schipa as Tony Mendoza
Zita Makar as Marie Mendoza
Walter Maly as Lone Badger
Jack Anthony as The Sheriff
References
External links
1927 Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
Film Booking Offices of America films
Films directed by Jack Nelson
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s American films
Route 92 is a highway in Platte and Clay counties in northwestern Missouri, United States. Its western terminus is a continuation of K-92 on the Centennial Bridge over the Missouri River at the Kansas state line, and the eastern terminus is at U.S. Route 69 in northern Excelsior Springs.
Route 92 is one of the original 1922 state highways. Its eastern terminus was south of Smithville and was later extended east.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
092
Transportation in Platte County, Missouri
Transportation in Clay County, Missouri
Kosova Airlines is an airline that is based in Kosovo. The airline links Pristina to major European cities. The airline was established in the autumn of 2003 by the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) and the Kosovo Government. On 10 May 2006, the only aircraft in the Kosova Airlines fleet, a Boeing 737-700, which was wet leased from the German airline Hamburg International, was returned to that airline, and Kosova Airlines ceased operating flights. The airline, however, continues to work with other airline companies flying into Pristina.
Kosova Airlines Agency
Kosova Airlines (Eurokoha Reisen) is also the biggest tour agency in Kosovo, and offers charter flights to Pristina from destinations in Europe.
Kosova Airlines offers flights with these airlines from the following places:
SunExpress (Antalya)
Swiss International Air Lines (Zürich, Geneva)
Destinations
Kosova Airlines, during its time as an independent airline, flew to the following destinations:
Austria
Innsbruck
Salzburg
Germany
Berlin
Cologne
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt
Hamburg
Hanover
Munich
Stuttgart
Italy
Bologna
Verona
Kosovo
Pristina
Malta
Luqa
Switzerland
Geneva
Zürich
Basel
Spain
Palma de Mallorca
Ibiza
Turkey
Antalya
Fleet
Fokker 50 (2)
McDonnell Douglas MD-80 (1)
Boeing 737-700 (1)
Livery
The livery of the leased aircraft was never painted in a full scheme. The aircraft has a dark blue tail like that on the original Hamburg International livery. In the middle of the tail was a dark yellow map of Kosovo. The fuselage was white and towards the cockpit had the Hamburg International logo. Underneath the passenger windows towards the cockpit side of the aircraft was written "Operated in cooperation with Kosova Airlines".
See also
List of airlines of Kosovo
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
Kosova Airlines official website
Fleet details of Kosova Airlines
Pictures of Kosova Airlines
Kosova Airlines
Airlines of Kosovo
Airlines established in 2003
Bhabani Bhattacharya (10 November 1906–10 October 1988) was an Indian writer, of Bengali origin, who wrote social-realist fiction. They were born in Bhagalpur, part of the Bengal Presidency in British India. Bhattacharya gained a bachelor's degree from Patna University and a doctorate from the University of London. They returned to India and joined the diplomatic service. Bhattacharya served in the United States, to which country they returned as a teacher of literary studies once they had left the service. They taught in Hawaii, and later in Seattle. In their mid-thirties Bhattacharya began writing fiction set in historically and socially realistic contexts. They wrote in English, their chosen medium following the advice of two prominent literary figures.
Personal life
Bhattacharya was born in Bhagalpur, part of the Bengal Presidency of British India. Their parents were Bengalis. Bhattacharya studied at Patna University and received a bachelor's degree in English literature. They subsequently completed their graduate studies in the United Kingdom. While their original choice was to do so in literature, a hostile attitude from one of the professors prompted them to switch to history. Bhattacharya received Master's (1931) and Doctoral degrees (1934) from the University of London.
As a graduate student, Bhattacharya became involved with Marxist circles, and was also strongly influenced by Harold Laski, one of their teachers. They were also active in literary circles and had work published in various magazines and newspapers. Some of Bhattacharya's articles were published in The Spectator, and they developed a friendship with the editor, Francis Yeats-Brown. During this time, Bhattacharya also interacted with Rabindranath Tagore. They translated Tagore's poem The Golden Boat into English in 1930. Both Yeats-Brown and Tagore advised Bhattacharya to write their fiction in English, rather than Bengali.
On completion of their doctoral studies Bhattacharya moved to Calcutta and soon got married. After a few years, they joined the diplomatic service, serving in the Indian Embassy in Washington, D. C. as a Press Attaché, returning to India after completing that service. Bhattacharya accepted an offer to join the University of Hawaii as a visiting faculty, subsequently moving permanently to Seattle to take up a chair at the University of Washington.
Literary review
Writing style and reception
Bhattacharya is described as belonging to the social realism school of Indo-Anglian literature. Their writings exhibit the influence of Rabindranath Tagore and Mahatma Gandhi. Unlike other social realists like Premchand, Bhattacharya adopted a pedagogical approach to making novels out of ideas, utilizing satire and making their ideas more tangible through situational examples.
The range of South Indian writers who seems to dominate the scene of 'Gandhian Fiction' Bhabani Bhtatacharya deserves to be mention for their first novel 'So Many Hungers'(1947), published few months after Independence. set in a context of the 1942-43 Bengal famine and Quit India Movement this complicated and didactic novel takes its characters through a rigorously Gandhian education. It is at one level, the story of Kajoli, a village girl who righteously rejects the prostitution forced on them by the destitution of their family, to sell newspapers and so also to assume the persona of the Gandhian 'New Woman.' At another level, it deals with the spiritual and political growing up of Rahoul, a Cambridge educated astrophysicist who simultaneously discovers the limits of intellectualism and Western civilization and renounces both in favour of nationalism and village based economy. Much of their instruction comes by way of their grand father, Devata, a saintly Gandhian figure with a penchant for the hunger strike, who is responsible for bringing satyagraha to the village of Baruni, where they live like one of the peasant.
Awards
Sahitya Akademi Award, 1967
Notable works
Some Memorable Yesterdays (Pustak Bhandar, 1941)
So Many Hungers! (Hind Kitabs Limited, 1947)
Indian Cavalcade (Nalanda Publications, 1948)
They Who Rides a Tiger (Jaico Publishing House, 1955)
The Golden Boat (Jaico Publishing House, 1956)
Towards Universal Man (Visva Bharti Shantiniketan, 1961)
Music for Mohini (Jaico Publishing House, 1964)
Shadow from Ladakh (Hind Pocket Books Ltd., 1966)
A Goddess Named Gold (Hind Pocket Books Ltd., 1967)
Steel Hawk and Other Stories (Hind Pocket Books Ltd., 1968)
Gandhi the Writer (National Book Trust, 1969)
A Dream in Hawaii (The MacMillan Company of India Limited, 1978)
Socio-Political Currents in Bengal: A Nineteenth Century Perspective (Vikas, 1980)
References
Bibliography
1906 births
1988 deaths
Indian male novelists
Indian male short story writers
Indian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Expatriates in England
English-language writers from India
Novelists from Bihar
Writers from Kolkata
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in English
Tamil writers
Alumni of King's College London
Alumni of the University of London
20th-century Indian novelists
20th-century Indian short story writers
People from Bhagalpur
20th-century Indian male writers
Al-Sayyal () is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al-Sayyal had a population of 14,392 in the 2004 census. Al Sayyal was captured by Syrian Arab Army on 6 December 2017 from ISIS.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
Michael Harbold (born May 22, 1968) is an American sprint kayaker who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, they earned their best finish of eighth in the K-2 500 m event at Barcelona in 1992.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
American male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of the United States
The 1984–85 season was the 105th season of competitive football by Rangers.
Overview
Rangers played a total of 49 competitive matches during the 1984–85 season.
The season was Wallace's first full season in charge since their return. The team continued the strong form they had ended the previous season in, and by Christmas were in third place, in touching distance of the top of the table. However, a defeat to rivals Celtic on New Year's Day saw the club's form completely implode, and they only won four more league games all season. Rangers again finished fourth in the league by a massive twenty-one point record behind champions Aberdeen. This disappointment was not caused due to a lack of investment in the playing squad. A total of £495,000 was spent bringing in Iain Ferguson and Cammy Fraser from Dundee, Ted McMinn from Queen of the South and bringing back Derek Johnstone from Chelsea.
The club won the Scottish League Cup (Skol Cup) for they second season in a row defeating Dundee United in the final. A solitary Iain Ferguson strike gave Rangers a 1–0 win.
Results
All results are written with Rangers' score first.
Scottish Premier Division
UEFA Cup
Scottish Cup
League Cup
Glasgow Cup
Appearances
League table
See also
1984–85 in Scottish football
1984–85 Scottish Cup
1984–85 Scottish League Cup
1984–85 UEFA Cup
References
Rangers F.C. seasons
Rangers
Chaharduli () may refer to:
Chaharduli District
Chaharduli Rural District (disambiguation)
Ilya Medvedev (born 18 November 1982) is a Russian sprint canoer who competed since the late 2000s. They won two bronze medals in the K-2 1000 m event at the 2010 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Poznań and in the K-4 1000 m event at the 2011 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Szeged.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Medvedev finished eighth the K-4 1000 m event. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they finished sixth in the K-2 1000 m and seventh in the K-4 1000 m.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1983 births
Canoeists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Russia
Russian male canoeists
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in kayak
La Loi du nord (, "The Law of the North"; also called La Piste du Nord, "The Northern Trail") is a 1939 French adventure drama film directed by Jacques Feyder who co-wrote screenplay with Alexandre Arnoux and Charles Spaak, based on novel "Telle qu'elle était de son vivant" by Maurice Constantin-Weyer. The films star Michèle Morgan, Pierre Richard-Willm and Charles Vanel. It tells the story of an escaped prisoner, their woman secretary and two guardsmen in the Far North. It was entered for the Grand Prix du Festival International du Film at the 1939 Cannes Film Festival.
Plot
Robert Shaw manslaughters their wife's lover and runs away with their secretary Jacqueline. Helped by a French trapper who takes them for film-makers, they hide in Northern Canada. But the corporal Dalrymple discovers their identity and hunts them, until Jacqueline dies exhausted by such a hard expedition.
Cast
Michèle Morgan as Jacqueline
Pierre Richard-Willm as Robert Shaw
Charles Vanel as Corporal Dalrymple
Max Michel as the Advocate
Youcca Troubetzkov as Ellis
Fabien Loris as Daugh
References
External links
La Loi du nord at DvdToile
1939 films
Films directed by Jacques Feyder
Northern (genre) films
French black-and-white films
French adventure drama films
1930s adventure drama films
1939 drama films
1930s French films
Loveline is an American radio call-in show which has run from 1983 to the present.
Loveline may also refer to:
Loveline (TV series), a 1996-2000 MTV series based on the radio show
Loveline (Eddie Rabbitt album), 1979
Loveline (Tavares album), 1981
Loveline Obiji (born 1990), a Nigerian powerlifter
See also
Lovelines, a 1989 album by the Carpenters
Lovelines (film), a 1984 American comedy directed by Rod Amateau
The 1991 Detroit Tigers finished in a tie for second place in the American League East with a record of 83-79 (.519). They outscored their opponents 817 to 794. The Tigers drew 1,641,661 fans to Tiger Stadium in 1991, ranking 12th of the 14 teams in the American League.
Offseason
November 26, 1990: John Shelby was signed as a free agent by the Tigers.
December 3, 1990: Bill Gullickson was signed as a free agent by the Tigers.
December 3, 1990: Buddy Groom was drafted by the Tigers from the Chicago White Sox in the 1990 minor league draft.
January 11, 1991: Jeff Robinson was traded by the Tigers to the Baltimore Orioles for Mickey Tettleton.
January 21, 1991: Skeeter Barnes was signed as a free agent by the Tigers.
March 19, 1991: Torey Lovullo was traded by the Tigers to the New York Yankees for Mark Leiter.
Regular season
In 1991, Cecil Fielder led all baseball in home runs (44) and RBIs (133) for the second consecutive season. Once again, they finished second in the MVP voting. The MVP award was given to Orioles shortstop Cal Ripken Jr. Angry over missing out on the honor for the second straight season, Fielder lashed out at the voters, going so far as to accuse them of racism in their selection of Ripken, who was white.
During the season, Bill Gullickson would be the last pitcher to win at least 20 games in one season for the Tigers in the 20th Century.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Opening Day lineup
DH Tony Phillips
LF Lloyd Moseby
SS Alan Trammell
1B Cecil Fielder
2B Lou Whitaker
RF Rob Deer
C Mickey Tettleton
3B Travis Fryman
CF Milt Cuyler
Notable transactions
April 5, 1991: Scott Lusader was selected off waivers from the Tigers by the New York Yankees.
June 3, 1991: Kevin Morgan was drafted by the Tigers in the 30th round of the 1991 Major League Baseball draft.
June 11, 1991: Jeff Kaiser was signed as a free agent by the Tigers.
August 5, 1991: John Moses was signed as a free agent by the Tigers.
August 13, 1991: John Shelby was released by the Tigers.
August 25, 1991: John Moses was released by the Tigers.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W= Wins; L= Losses; SV = Saves; GF = Games Finished; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Awards and honors
Mickey Tettleton, AL Silver Slugger Award at catcher
Cecil Fielder, AL Silver Slugger Award at first base
League top ten finishers
Rob Deer
MLB leader in strikeouts (175)
#8 in AL in bases on balls (89)
#9 in AL in at bats per home run (17.9)
Cecil Fielder
Finished 2nd in AL MVP voting behind Cal Ripken Jr.
MLB leader in home runs (44)
MLB leader in RBIs (133)
MLB leader in games played (162)
#2 in AL in at bats per home run (11.2)
#3 in AL in strikeouts (151)
#6 in AL in total bases (320)
#6 in AL in extra base hits (69)
#8 in AL in plate appearances (712)
#9 in AL in slugging percentage (.513)
#9 in AL in runs scored (102)
#10 in AL in runs created (110)
Travis Fryman
#4 in AL in strikeouts (149)
Paul Gibson
#7 in AL in games (68)
Bill Gullickson
Finished 8th in AL Cy Young Award voting
MLB leader in wins (20)
AL leader in games started (35)
#4 in AL in win percentage (.690)
#4 in AL in bases on balls per 9 innings pitched (1.75)
#7 in AL in earned runs allowed (98)
Mike Henneman
#9 in AL in games finished (50)
Walt Terrell
AL leader in hits allowed (257)
#3 in AL in earned runs allowed (103)
#4 in AL in losses (14)
#5 in AL in complete games (8)
#6 in AL in shutouts (2)
Mickey Tettleton
#2 in AL in bases on balls (101)
#4 in AL in at bats per home run (16.2)
#6 in AL in home runs (31)
#7 in AL in strikeouts (131)
Players ranking among top 100 all time at position
The following members of the 1991 Detroit Tigers are among the Top 100 of all time at their position, as ranked by The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract:
Lou Whitaker: 13th best second baseman of all time
Alan Trammell: 9th best shortstop of all time
Farm system
Notes
References
1991 Detroit Tigers Regular Season Statistics
Detroit Tigers at Baseball Almanac
Detroit Tigers seasons
Detroit Tigers season
Detroit
1991 in Detroit
The 1994 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at Sugarloaf ski resort in Carrabassett Valley, Maine as the 40th annual NCAA-sanctioned ski tournament to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's collegiate slalom and cross-country skiing in the United States.
Vermont, coached by Chip LaCasse, won the team championship, the Catamounts' fifth title overall and fourth as a co-ed team.
Venue
This year's championships were contested at the Sugarloaf Resort in Carrabassett Valley, Maine
These were the second championships held at Sugarloaf (previously 1967) and third in the state of Maine (1967 and 1976).
Program
Men's events
Cross-country, 10 kilometers classical
Cross-country, 20 kilometer freestyle
Slalom
Giant slalom
Women's events
Cross-country, 5 kilometers classical
Cross-country, 15 kilometer freestyle
Slalom
Giant slalom
Team scoring
DC – Defending champions
See also
List of NCAA skiing programs
References
1994 in sports in Maine
NCAA Skiing Championships
NCAA Skiing Championships
1994 in alpine skiing
1994 in cross-country skiing
Deportes Iberia is a Chilean football club based in Los Ángeles that currently plays in Primera B (second-tier). The club hold its home games at Estadio Municipal de Los Ángeles which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
In 1933, the club was officially established as Deportes Iberia, basing in Conchalí (Santiago). Then Iberia joined the Asociación de Fútbol de Santiago, but recently in 1946 the club joined Primera División, spending there eight years until the 1954 season when they, after finishing in the bottom of the table, were relegated to second-tier, being the first Chilean relegated team in its football history.
During its age playing at Segunda División on mid-1960s, the club moved to Puente Alto and stayed there two seasons from 1966 to 1968 before its definitely move to Los Ángeles at Bío Bío Region in 1969.
The team also has a rivalry with Malleco Unido from Angol as well as with Curicó Unido.
Iberia has won three Segunda División Profesional titles and a Copa Apertura Segunda División title in 1984.
History
The institution was founded on June 15, 1933, by Cristian López, small merchants of La Vega Central Market and a Spanish catholic reverend called Gilberto Lizana, after the decision of that last one to create a football branch. At the end of that year and for only eight days, the team adopted the name of Deportivo Ínser.
In 1971, Iberia failed to reach its first ever promotion to first-level after losing the race for the title with Unión San Felipe of the coach Luis Santibáñez who even achieved a feat following proclaiming champion of Primera División in 1972.
In 1992, following 37 years playing in the second tier, the club was relegated to Tercera División. After winning the 2013–14 tournament, Iberia reached its promotion and broke a 21-year absence at second division, now called Primera B.
Current squad
2021 Winter Transfers
In
Out
Stadium
Since Iberia moved from Puente Alto to Los Angeles in 1968 they play their home games at the Estadio Municipal de Los Ángeles which has a 4,125 capacity.
For a long time the ground was property of the public finance, but in the 1990s the stadium became part of Los Angeles municipality. In August 2010, a running track financed by National Institute of Sports of Chile was built.
On 21 May 2015, President of Chile Michelle Bachelet through their public account realized in the National Congress at Valparaíso, announced that Ovalle, La Calera, San Felipe and Los Angeles would have new stadiums. Nevertheless, it was reported that in Los Angeles' situation the new stadium wouldn't be remodeled for establishing a new ground of 5,000 capacity.
Managers
Ronald Fuentes (2008–??)
Nelson Soto (2015–)
Honours
Professional
Segunda División de Chile (3): 2012, 2013, 2013–14
Copa Apertura Segunda División: 1984
Amateur
División de Honor Amateur (DIVHA) (1): 1945
See also
Chilean football league system
References
External links
Official Website
Football clubs in Chile
Sport in Biobío Region
Association football clubs established in 1933
1933 establishments in Chile
Baranica (, Baranytsia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Baranica
Alasdair Kent is a British-Australian operatic tenor, principally known for their interpretations of the Italian bel canto of Rossini and Bellini, and Mozart. In 2016, Richard Bonynge presented them with the Joan Sutherland & Richard Bonynge Foundation Bel Canto Award. After their European debut with the Rossini Opera Festival in 2017, their international career has seen debut performances around Europe and the United States, usually in the roles of Rossini.
Early life and education
Alasdair Kent was born in Perth, Western Australia. They studied music and performance at the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts and the University of Western Australia with mezzo-soprano Megan Sutton, as well as English literature, and Italian, French and German languages. They sang with the West Australian Opera Chorus for several seasons in various repertoire, and also took part in the Lisa Gasteen National Opera Program. In 2017, they received an Artist Diploma from the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia, where they studied with Bill Schuman and sang performances of Lindoro (L'italiana in Algeri), Ferrando (Così fan tutte), Don Ottavio (Don Giovanni) and Rinuccio (Gianni Schicchi). They were an Emerging Artist with Opera Philadelphia, and a Filene Young Artist with Wolf Trap Opera, where they performed as Ritornello in Florian Leopold Gassmann's L'opera seria, and Giocondo in Rossini's La pietra del paragone. They also took part in the Martina Arroyo Foundation's Prelude to Performance and the Merola Opera Program.
Career
Kent made their professional debut in Australia at the age of 25, as Don Ramiro in La Cenerentola with Opera Queensland in 2013. While at AVA, they made their US concert debut with The Dallas Opera in 2015, and their US operatic debut in 2016 with Opera Philadelphia in Cold Mountain, an operatic adaptation of Charles Frazier's novel composed by Grammy Award and Pulitzer Prize winner Jennifer Higdon. Their European debut followed in 2017, as Cavaliere Belfiore in Il viaggio a Reims for the Rossini Opera Festival in Pesaro, marking the beginning of their international career. They have since been engaged at many of the most important international theatres and concert venues, including the Bayerische Staatsoper, the Vienna State Opera, Opernhaus Zürich, The Dallas Opera, the Royal Concertgebouw, Konzerthaus Berlin and the Teatro di San Carlo.
A tenore di grazia frequently associated with bel canto, their principal repertoire includes roles of Rossini, Mozart, Donizetti, Bellini, Bizet, and Verdi, though they have also performed works by composers as diverse as Tchaikovsky and Stravinsky. Of these composers, they have sung most frequently:
The Barber of Seville, debuted with the Martina Arroyo Foundation's Prelude to Performance, further performances with Opernhaus Zürich, Bavarian State Opera, The Dallas Opera, Oper Köln, Theater Basel the Orchestra Sinfonica G. Rossini.
L'italiana in Algeri, debuted with the Academy of Vocal Arts, further performances with the Hungarian State Opera in Budapest, Opéra de Toulon, Opéra national de Montpellier, The Israeli Opera, and the Royal Concertgebouw.
Così fan tutte, debuted with the Academy of Vocal Arts, further performances with the Lyric Opera of Kansas City, The Israeli Opera, the Rete Lirica delle Marche, and performances with the Opéra national de Bordeaux that were ultimately cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Other notable operatic performances include Paolino in Cimarosa's Il matrimonio segreto, in Pier Luigi Pizzi's new production with the Festival della Valle d'Itria and the Teatro Regio di Torino, Tamino in Die Zauberflöte for the Royal Opera House Muscat, Argirio in Rossini's Tancredi with the Teatro Petruzzelli, and their debut as Arturo in I puritani with Ópera de Oviedo in 2020. In concert and recital, the tenor's performances include various repertoire, ranging from Rossini's virtuoso Messa di Gloria to Lili Boulanger's song cycle Clairières dans le ciel.
Repertoire
Bellini: I puritani – Lord Arturo Talbot
Bizet: Don Procopio – Don Odoardo
Cimarosa: Il matrimonio segreto – Paolino
Donizetti: Deux hommes et une femme – Pepé
Gassmann: L'opera seria – Ritornello
Mozart
Die Zauberflöte – Tamino
Così fan tutte – Ferrando
Don Giovanni – Don Ottavio
Puccini: Gianni Schicchi – Rinuccio
Rossini
Il barbiere di Siviglia – Il Conte di Almaviva
La Cenerentola – Don Ramiro
L'italiana in Algeri – Lindoro
Il viaggio a Reims – Il Cavaliere Belfiore
La pietra del paragone – Il Cavaliere Giocondo
Tancredi – Argirio
Verdi: Falstaff – Fenton
Awards
2017 Gerda Lissner Foundation International Vocal Competition First Prize
2017 Loren L. Zachary Society National Vocal Competition First Prize
2017 The Marten Bequest, prize for Singing
2017 Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions National Semifinalist
2016 Joan Sutherland & Richard Bonynge Foundation Bel Canto Award, Georg Solti Accademia Prize
2016 Licia Albanese-Puccini Foundation International Vocal Competition Second Prize
2016 Academy of Vocal Arts Giargiari Bel Canto Competition First Prize & Audience Prize
2016 Mildred Miller International Voice Competition First Prize
2015 Violetta DuPont Vocal Competition First Prize
Discography
Poul Ruders' The Thirteenth Child—Sarah Shafer (Princess Lyra), Tamara Mumford (Queen Gertrude), Ashraf Sewailam (Drokan), Matt Boehler (King Hjarne), Alasdair Kent (Prince Frederic), David Portillo (Benjamin), Alex Rosen (Corbin), Bridge Academy Singers & Odense Symfoniorkester, Benjamin Shwartz & David Starobin (conductors), Bridge Records, 2019.
The Exquisite Hour—Alasdair Kent (tenor), David Wickham (pianist), 2021.
References
External links
Management: AART Music
Alasdair Kent Operabase
, from L'italiana in Algeri (2018)
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century births
Living people
Musicians from Perth, Western Australia
Australian operatic tenors
Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts alumni
Academy of Vocal Arts alumni
Luis Contreras (born March 14, 1986) is a Mexican jockey since 2006. After starting their career in Mexico, Contreras started competing in the United States and Canada during the late 2000s. For their graded stakes race career, Contreras has won thirty six Grade III races, twenty one Grade II races and four Grade I races. At the Canadian Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras won the Queen's Plate, Prince of Wales Stakes, and Breeders' Stakes. Their 2011 wins made them the first jockey to use two horses to win the Canadian Triple Crown. In 2014, Contreras came short of another Canadian Triple Crown after finishing tenth at the Breeders' Stakes following wins at the Queen's Plate and Prince of Wales.
As part of the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras's best results were sixth at the 2018 Kentucky Derby and third at the 2014 Preakness Stakes. At the Canadian Triple Tiara of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras won the Woodbine Oaks and Bison City Stakes in 2011 and was fourth at the Wonder Where Stakes that year. For the American Triple Tiara of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras placed sixth at the 2011 Alabama Stakes. With their Breeders' Cup races between 2011 to 2018, their highest finish was runner-up at the Filly and Mare Sprint event at the 2017 Breeders' Cup. While winning over 2,300 races in their career, Contreras received the Sovereign Award for Outstanding Jockey in 2011 and 2012.
Early life
On March 14, 1986, Contreras was born in Mexico City, Mexico. Growing up, Contreras had hundreds of wins in Mexico after they started their jockey career as a teenager. While racing in Mexico, Contreras had two runner-ups and one top five finish in 2006.
Racing career
Contreras began competing in the United States in 2007 at races held in California and New Mexico. That year, their victories at Golden Gate Fields in 2007 gave Contreras their first American race win and first stakes race win. In 2008, Contreras had their first ever graded stakes race win at the 2008 El Camino Real Derby as a Grade III race.
From 2009 to 2010, Contreras was a jockey for Steve Asmussen in Toronto while on a work permit before they were fired by Asmussen. In 2010, Contreras could work solely for non-Canadian trainers due to their permit. That year, Contreras thought about leaving Canada before they received an open work permit. Throughout their career, Contreras won at least one Grade III race consecutively between 2011 and 2022. Of their thirty six Grade III wins, Contreras had seven of them in 2013 ranging from the Grey Stakes to the Highlander Stakes.
Contreras won the first of their twenty one Grade II events at the 2009 Dance Smartly Stakes. As a Grade II racer, Contreras had one or more wins each year between 2011 and 2019 before winning three races in 2021. During this time period, Contreras won the Canadian Stakes four times with their victories in 2013, 2015, 2018 and 2019. As a Grade I racer, Contreras's first win was at the 2014 Carter Handicap. Contreras additionally won the Northern Dancer Turf Stakes consecutively from 2017 to 2018 and the 2019 E. P. Taylor Stakes.
Triple Crowns
At the Canadian Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras was tenth at the 2010 Breeders' Stakes. The following year, Contreras was the 2011 Canadian Triple Crown winner with their wins at the Queen's Plate, Prince of Wales Stakes and Breeders' Stakes. During the Canadian Triple Crown in 2011, Contreras had five horses to choose from for the Queen's Plate. With Inglorious and Pender Harbour, Contreras was the first jockey to use two horses to win the Canadian Triple Crown. In 2014, Contreras re-won the Breeders' Stakes after having top three finishes at the Queen's Plate and Prince of Wales. During the 2016 Triple Crown, Contreras was the winner at the Prince of Wales and the runner-up at the Queen's Plate.
In 2017, Contreras missed their second Triple Crown after they were tenth at the Breeders' Stakes following their wins at the Queen's Plate and Prince of Wales. In 2018, Contreras was runner-up at the Queen's Plate and Prince of Wales. The following year, Contreras was second at the Breeders' Stakes and third at the Queen's Plate. Additional top three finishes by Contreras were first place at the 2020 Breeders' Stakes and third place at the 2021 Queen's Plate. In the Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras was eighteenth at the 2012 Kentucky Derby and sixth at the 2018 Kentucky Derby. At the Preakness Stakes, Contreras had a third place finish at the 2014 Preakness Stakes and was sixth during the 2018 Preakness Stakes.
Triple Tiaras
For the Canadian Triple Tiara of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras won both the Woodbine Oaks and the Bison City Stakes in 2011. Contreras failed to win the 2011 Triple Tiara after they finished fourth at the Wonder Where Stakes. Contreras was also the runner-up at Woodbine Oaks in 2012 and 2016. They also finished second at Bison City in 2014. In 2017, Contreras won the Woodbine Oaks and Wonder Where Stakes while coming in fifth at Bison City. At the American Triple Tiara of Thoroughbred Racing, Contreras was sixth at the 2011 Alabama Stakes.
Breeders' Cup
Competing in the Breeders' Cup Challenge, Contreras qualified for the Juvenile Fillies Turf event at the 2011 Breeders' Cup with their win at the Natalma Stakes. After they did not appear at the Juvenile Fillies Turf event, Contreras was seventh in the Juvenile Fillies race and thirteenth at the Juvenile event. In other Breeders' Cup editions, Contreras was sixth in the Juvenile event at the 2012 Breeders' Cup. In the Turf Sprint, Contreras had a fourth place finish at the 2016 Breeders' Cup. The following year, Contreras was runner-up at the Filly and Mare Sprint event during the 2017 Breeders' Cup. While at the 2018 Breeders' Cup, Contreras raced at the Juvenile, Sprint and Dirt Mile. During these events, Contreras was third in the dirt mile, eighth in the sprint and eleventh in the juvenile.
Overall performance
In December 2018, Contreras won their 2,000th North American race while competing at Woodbine Racetrack. During their career, Contreras has won more than 2,300 races and accumulated over $101 million in prize winnings. In Equibase rankings for North American jockeys, Contreras was in the top 100 for earnings since 2009 and top 100 for wins since 2010. Their best performances during these years were a seventh place earnings rank in 2011 and a thirteenth place wins rank in 2017. Contreras also received the Sovereign Award for Outstanding Jockey in 2011 and 2012.
References
1986 births
Mexican jockeys
Queen's Plate winners
Sovereign Award winners
Living people
Nawnghkio Township is a township of Kyaukme District in the Shan State of eastern Myanmar. The principal town and administrative seat is Nawnghkio. The name 'Nawnghkio' was started to call after a camp near a green lake (Shan language: nawng = lake or natural pond, hkio = green). The lake is located in the west of 'Haw Taw Monastery' of today's Nawnghkio.
Geography
The township lies between 22° 45' and 23° 15' north latitude and 96° 00' and 97° 00' east longitude. Altitude ranges from 700 feet above the sea level in the lowest to 4300 feet in the highest with an average of 2750 feet. Occupying nearly half of the center of the land is highly productive plane surrounded by mountains in north, east, south and west. Mountains of the southern region are the highest. More than half of the surface area is covered by rain forests. Average number of raining days range from 90 to 130 days per year and annual rail fall varies from 47 to 70 inches. Thunderstorms struck the area in the rainy season (May to October). Being in the temperate zone, the temperature varies from 43°-81 °F in the cold season to 61°-96 °F in the hot season. Many small rivers and streams are running across the township throughout the year forming waterfalls in some places. These waterfalls include Inn Wine waterfall, Namngo waterfall, Inn Hpo waterfall, Chaunggyi Yay Pyan Taung waterfall and Thabyedoe waterfalls. A hot water spring can be seen near Seik Hpu village. Thirty small dams are constructed for irrigation. Small scale hydroelectric power is used in many places.
Borders
Nawnghkio Township is bordered by:
Thabeikkyin Township and Mogok Township to the north,
Kyaukme Township to the northeast and east,
Lawksawk Township to the south and
Singu Township, Madaya Township, Pyinoolwin Township and Kyaukse Township to the west and southwest.
Towns and villages
Thonze town is the administrative seat of the township in the past. On 28/April/1899, at the same time the Goteik viaduct (bridge) was started to be built across the Gokteik gorge near Nawnghkio, the seat moved to Nawnghkio. On 10/August/1961, Nawnghkio Farm Council was founded. According to official announcement letter from the Ministry of Internal Affairs dated 21/June/1972, Nawnghkio Township was organized with the following 6 wards and 35 village tracts of 249 villages:
Nawnghkio Myoma Group of 6 wards: Zay, Bhu Tar, Taung, Par Hat, Thapyay Yay, Nar Shao
Kone Sam village tract
Long Yone village tract
Ngoke Ka Lay village tract
Long Wei village tract
Mak Hki Nu village tract
Nyan Taw village tract
Kan Gyi village tract
Shwe Moke Htaw village tract
Taung Shey village tract（Taung Kham）
Yae Twin Gyi village tract
Nawng Taw village tract
Inn Hpo village tract
Me Poke village tract
Thone Se village tract
Hsam Ma Hse village tract
Ong Ma Hkar village tract
Pin Tee village tract
Bant Bway village tract
Kone Gyi Ywar Ma village tract
Kyein Ga Naing village tract
Ah Nauk Kyu Inn village tract
Nyaung Tauk village tract
Hko Ong village tract
Kone Thar village tract
Seik Hpu village tract
Ku Lar Kwe village tract
Doe Pin village tract
Kyauk Gyi village tract
Bant Bway Kyin village tract
Ho Hko (North) village tract
Hsi Hson village tract
Kone Gyi village tract
Than Bo village tract
Tha Yet Kone village tract
Ah Htet Kyu Inn village tract
Geology
Myanmar's biggest earthquake, measuring 8.2 on the Richter scale, took place in 1912 along the Kyauk Kyan Fault in northern Shan State, another of the country's main faults (the first is the Sagaing Fault and the third is the Rakhine Fault). Kyaukkyan fault is one of the prominent seismotectonic feature (Lat. 22˚ 18´N – Long. 96˚ 44´E). The large earthquake of 23 May 1912 (8.0 RM) with many foreshocks and aftershocks, seems to be associated with that fault. It runs nearly north–south direction. Kyauk Kyan fault is 800 kilometres long, stretching from Shan State to southern Kayah State.
Ethnic Groups, Language and Religion
Major ethnic groups are Danu (37%), Shan (33%) and Bamar (25%) which make more than 95% of township population. Other ethnic groups are Gurkha, Kachin, Kokant, Lisu, Palaung, Chin, Karen, Rakhine, Lahu, Nepalis, Mon, Myaungzi, Indian, Chinese and Kayah. Myanmar is the official language and is used by most of the population. Different ethnic groups also use their own languages. Some of the Gurkha also use English and Kokant also use local Chinese language in use. Buddhism is the main religion (95.05%). , Hindu, Christian and Muslim are less common religions. About one-third (33%) total township population are under 18 years of age.
Economy
Agriculture is the major economy of the township (43% of township population). Rice, corn and sugarcane are main crops grown in the township. Other choices farmers are wheat, peanut, beans, sunflower, sesame, potato, flowers, coffee, damson, tea, orange, lichee, Macadamia and rubber.
Agriculture based industry, timber extraction, charcoal production, burnt lime production, apiculture (bee keeping), and animal husbandry are other economies.
People trade in "Every-Fifth-Day-Markets", which are well-known trading places in Shan State, situated in Nawnghkio, Kangyi, Tawnghkam, Ban Bwe, Hsumhsai, Thonse, Hokho and Thayetkon villages. Annual pagoda festivals are also popular trading places. People also trade in brokers' sales centers. Nawnghkio Myanma Economic Bank, KBZ Bank, CB Bank, Aya Bank and Myanmar Apex Banks are the available banking services of the township.
Mining is another economic contributor to the township. Yadanar Theigi Mine is in the north most part of the township. Other smaller mines are also functional. Mines in the township are productive of various kinds of metals.
Special Places
Gokteik bridge
Innpho Swamp situated near Innma village in Hokho village tract
Innwine and Namp Ngo Waterfalls near Innwine village and Yay Pyan Taung Waterfall near Chaunggyi village in Seeson village tract.
Seikhpu Hot spring
Ancient stupas and temples: in Thonze, Myin Phyu, Thaphankaing, Shweku-letpan, Chaungtha (Hokho village tract) and Namlinkhan village
"Saya San Cave" situated 3 kilometers southeast of Hokho village where the leader of the Burmese peasant revolt of 1930-1931 and the leader of the first concerted effort to forcefully resist British domination, Saya San, and their followers spent their last days.
Convict camps (labor camp or prison farm or penal colony)
Gallery
Notes
External links
"Nawnghkio Google Satellite Map" map of administrative area with listing of principal settlements, from Maplandia
"Nawnghkio Township - Shan State" Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
Townships of Shan State
Andreas Ritzos ( 1421-1492) also known as (Rico, Ricio, Rizo). They were a Greek icon painter, from Crete. Ritzos is considered one of the founding fathers of the Cretan School. They were affiliated with Angelos Akotantos. Most of their work stylistically follows the traditional maniera greca. Their children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren were also painters. They were one of the most influential painters of the Cretan School along with Andreas Pavias and Angelos Akotantos. They influenced the works of Georgios Klontzas, Nikolaos Tzafouris, Theophanes the Cretan, Michael Damaskinos and El Greco. According to the Institute for Neohellenic Research, sixty of their paintings have survived.
Biography
Andreas Ritzos was born in Iraklio. Their father Nicholas was a seaman and jeweler. Andreas married Maria and had two sons. Their son Nicholas was a painter. Their other son Thomas was a jeweler and painter. Andreas is listed as a painter for the first time on July 27, 1451 as Andreas Ritzos pinctor. Records indicate that in 1454 their coworker Maneas Theologitis vouched for him.
Documents indicate they were active as a painter between 1460 and 1492. They were also associated with other painters namely George Pelergi and Ioanni Kappadoka. In one document they testify to the delivery of items from John Akatanos and in another, they received a loan from Andreas Pavias. Their wife Maria died around 1482. They split the inheritance with their son Nicholas. Their second marriage was with Nicola Gritti of Agnese. They signed their paintings three different ways. Five of their icons were signed in Greek χείρ Ανδρέα Ρέτζου, Three were signed Andreas Rico de Candia pinxit and finally one was signed Andreas Ricio de Candia. Their grandson was painter Maneas Ritzos.
A significant amount of Madonna and Child paintings by Andreas Ritzos survived. Many painters chose the subject matter but Duccio, Cimabue, Fra Angelico, and Giotto di Bondone employed a similar mannerism exemplifying the maniera greca. Most artists of the Cretan School began to employ some attributes of the Venetian school. One greek artist of Venice Ioannis Permeniates completely adopted a new style of painting which was in line with the Venetian school.
Ritzos popularity shows that both Italian and Greek patrons continued to value the maniera greca and preferred the traditional style. Many paintings were attributed to the school of Ritzos because they were not signed and resemble the artist's painting style. There were countless Madonna and Child paintings for comparison. Angelos Akotantos influenced Andreas Pavias and Andreas Ritzos. Andreas Pavias and Ritzos influenced each other both employ the traditional rich gold background but Pavias began to employ the Venetian school.
The Virgin and Child with Crucifixion Narrative and the Ascension of Christ in the gallery are precursors to Georgios Klontzas and Theodore Poulakis All Creation rejoices in Thee. Andreas Pavias Crucifixion of Jesus is another popular work that influenced Georgios Klontzas and Theodore Poulakis All Creation rejoices in Thee. Ritzos Ascension of Christ separates the scenes into different compartments while Andreas Pavias Crucifixion of Jesus utilizes countless figures. Georgios Klontzas Transfiguration and Monastic Scenes 1603, is similar to Ritzos Acension of Christ.
Gallery
Italian Style
See also
Maniera greca
Jesus Hominum Salvator
The Virgin Pantanassa
Nikolaos Gripiotis
References
External links
Byzantium: faith and power (1261-1557), an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Ritzos
Greek painters
Cretan Renaissance painters
1492 deaths
1421 births
Artists from Heraklion
15th-century Greek people
15th-century Greek painters
Szklarnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Terricula minor is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 12 mm for males and 18 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is brown with scattered sparse bluish scales. The markings are dark brown and diffuse. The hindwings are dark brown. Females are darker and the refractive scales are more numerous.
Etymology
The name refers to size of the moth and the terminal process of the aedeagus and is derived from Latin minor (meaning smaller).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Women's 100 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 17 and 18 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 17 May at 10.57.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 17 May at 18:07.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 18 May at 19:21.
References
Women's 100 metre freestyle
2016 in women's swimming
The Minister for Environment, Biodiversity and Land Reform is a junior ministerial post in the Scottish Government. As a result, the Minister does not attend the Scottish Cabinet, but supports the Cabinet Secretary for Net Zero, Energy and Transport who attends the cabinet.
The current Minister for Environment, Biodiversity and Land Reform is Màiri McAllan.
Overview
Responsibilities
The Minister for Environment, Biodiversity and Land Reform has specific responsibility for:
land reform & land use
Royal Botanic Garden
environmental quality
natural resources, peatland and flooding
Scottish Land Commission
Hydro Nation
Drinking Water Quality Regulator
private water
forestry & woodlands
Forestry and Land Scotland
Scottish Forestry
EU Support and related services
Forest Research (cross-border services)
environmental and climate justice
Crown Estate Scotland
marine planning
national parks and natural heritage
plant health
GM
Since 2021, the Minister shares responsibility for biodiversity with the Minister for Green Skills, Circular Economy and Biodiversity.
List of office holders
See also
Scottish Parliament
References
External links
Minister for Rural Affairs and the Natural Environment on Scottish Government website
Rural Affairs and the Natural Environment
Environment of Scotland
Kouami Sacha Denanyoh (born 29 September 1979) is a Togolese judoka. They competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics, the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, they were choked unconscious with a clock choke by Sherali Bozorov in the preliminaries.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they lost in the second round to Islam Bozbayev.
 They are now a teacher in a high school Gymnase intercantonal de la Broye and also gives judo classes for the University of Fribourg.
Achievements
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Togolese male judoka
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Togo
Competitors at the 2007 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for Togo
21st-century Togolese people
20th-century Togolese people
Thomas Molyneux, or Molinel (1531–1597) was a French-born English statesman, who held high office in Ireland during the Elizabethan era. They founded a dynasty which produced several distinguished members, and became the Molyneux baronets of Castle Dillon, County Armagh.
Life
Molyneux was born in Calais, which was the last English possession in France until the French seized it in 1558. Their father was William Molyneux, or Molinel. Both their parents died when they were very young. An only child, they were raised by John Biskin or Brishin, an alderman of the town. When the French seized Calais in January 1558, they were taken prisoner, but freed after they paid a ransom of 500 crowns (the size of the ransom suggests that they had wealthy relatives).
They moved to Bruges and there married Catherine Stabeort (or Salaboethe), daughter of Lodowick Stabeort, a wealthy burgomaster of the town. In 1568, after the outbreak of the Dutch Revolt made life in Bruges increasingly hazardous for foreigners, Molyneux moved with their family to England, and gained the favour of Queen Elizabeth I. In 1576 they moved to Ireland.
They received a grant of land at Swords, County Dublin, where there was a "mini-colony" of English refugees from the Continent. They enjoyed the patronage of Adam Loftus, Archbishop of Dublin. They were appointed Chief Victualler to the Irish Army and Receiver of customs on the import of wine. In 1590 they were appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland. They contributed £40 (then a very substantial sum) towards the foundation of Trinity College, Dublin (1592).
In 1594 their qualifications to hold public office were questioned: it seems that their French birth and their years in Bruges had raised suspicions that they were a Roman Catholic, and as such ineligible for office. At a hearing before the Court of Exchequer (Ireland), where they were examined by the Attorney General for Ireland, Sir Charles Calthorpe, they pleaded successfully that as an Englishman and Protestant (or a "true [9Christian]]", in the idiom of the time), they were fit to hold any office to which the English Crown appointed him.
They died just after New Year 1597, and was buried in Christchurch Cathedral, Dublin; their widow died the following year.
Family and descendants
They and Catherine had two sons and two daughters. Samuel, the elder son, was Surveyor-General of the Queen's Works in Ireland, and sat in the Irish House of Commons as member for Mallow in the Irish Parliament of 1613-15. Daniel (1568-1632), the younger son, became Ulster King at Arms and also sat in the Irish House of Commons in 1613-15 as member for Strabane. Their daughter Catherine married Sir Robert Newcomen, the first of the Newcomen baronets, and had a very large family including Sir Beverley Newcomen, 2nd Baronet, Sir Thomas Newcomen, 3rd Baronet, Sir Robert Newcomen, 4th Baronet, Judith, who married Arthur Ussher of Donnybrook, Jane, who married Sir Henry Tichborne, and Dorcas, whose third husband was the eminent English-born judge Sir Samuel Mayart.
Through Daniel, who married Jane, daughter of Sir William Ussher of Donnybrook and Isabella Loftus (and Arthur's sister) by whom they had eight children, Thomas had a number of distinguished descendants, including:
Sir Thomas Molyneux, 1st Baronet
William Molyneux
Samuel Molyneux.
References
Attribution
16th-century Irish politicians
1531 births
1597 deaths
People from Calais
Irish people of French descent
People of Elizabethan Ireland
The New Life Version (NLV) of the Bible is a simplified English translation by Gleason and Kathryn Ledyard.
History
The translation was born out of the Ledyards' missionary work in the Canadian Arctic to First Nations populations, who did not always speak English fluently. The NLV uses a limited vocabulary of about 850 words, not including proper names. This was done to make the text easier to read and understand, a goal that the Ledyards felt was not adequately met by existing English translations of the Bible.
The NLV uses gender-specific language and uses no contractions. Confusing wording is avoided. Weights and measures are worded so that anyone can understand them; For example, Noah's ark is described as being: "...as long as 150 long steps, as wide as twenty-five long steps, and eight times taller than a man."
The translation of the New Testament was completed in 1969, and the complete NLV Bible with Old and New Testaments was first published in 1986.
The NLV Bible is published by Christian Literature International. It can be accessed online.
Examples for comparison
King James Version of John 3:16-17 : "For God so loved the world that they gave their only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in them should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not their Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through them might be saved."
New Life Version of John 3:16-17 : "For God so loved the world that They gave Their only Son. Whoever puts their trust in God's Son will not be lost but will have life that lasts forever. For God did not send Their Son into the world to say it is guilty. They sent Their Son so the world might be saved from the punishment of sin by Him."
King James Version of Genesis 1:1-3 : "In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, Let there be light: and there was light."
New Life Version of Genesis 1:1-3 : "In the beginning God made from nothing the heavens and the earth. The earth was an empty waste and darkness was over the deep waters. And the Spirit of God was moving over the top of the waters. Then God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light."
References
External links
New Life Bible online at Bible Gateway
http://www.bethelcollege.edu/assets/content/mcarchives/pdfs/v5n2p13_17.pdf
http://www.innvista.com/culture/religion/bible/versions/nlv.htm
1986 books
Bible translations into English
1986 in Christianity
Giuseppe Morello (born 12 October 1985) is a Swiss-Italian footballer who plays for FC Biel/Bienne in the Swiss Challenge League.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Swiss footballers
Italian footballers
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
FC Concordia Basel players
BSC Young Boys players
FC Thun players
FC Biel-Bienne players
Association football forwards
The pound was the currency of Connecticut until 1793. Initially, sterling coin circulated along with foreign currencies. This was supplemented by local paper money from 1709. Although the local currency was denominated in £sd, it was worth less than sterling, with 1 Connecticut shilling = 9 pence sterling. This rated the Spanish dollar at 6 Connecticut shillings (compared to 4 shillings 6 pence sterling). The first issue of notes is known as the "Old Tenor" issue.
Due to over issue, the value of the Old Tenor notes fell relative to silver coins. In 1740, a second series of paper money was introduced, known as the "New Tenor" issue. These were worth 3½ times as much as the same denomination of Old Tenor notes. A further issue of 1755, known as "Lawful Money", replaced the Old and New Tenor issues at the rates of 1 Lawful Money shilling = 2.1 New Tenor shillings = 7.33 Old Tenor shillings.
The State of Connecticut issued Continental currency denominated in both £sd and Spanish dollars, with 1 Spanish dollar = 6 shillings. The Continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at the rate of 1000 Continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar.
External links
Connecticut colonial money in the collection of the American Numismatic Society
Connecticut shilling on world Banknotes catalog
Louis Jordan. Colonial Currency. University of Notre Dame.
Historical currencies of the United States
Connecticut Colony
1793 disestablishments in the United States
Economy of Connecticut
Antoniówka may refer to the following places:
Antoniówka, Krasnystaw County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Antoniówka, Lubartów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Antoniówka, Gmina Krzczonów in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Antoniówka, Bełchatów County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Antoniówka, Opoczno County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Antoniówka, Gmina Wysokie in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Antoniówka, Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Antoniówka, Zamość County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Antoniówka, Stalowa Wola County in Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Antoniówka, Zwoleń County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Antoniówka, Radom County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
The Islamic Academy for Peace (Arabic: الأكاديمية الإسلامية للسلام ) is a private
Islamic elementary and middle school, with grades Daycare, PreK–8 in Methuen, Massachusetts. It had its beginnings in 2001, with a few teachers and a handful of students. Today, the school has grown to have a staff of teachers and over 150 students. The school plans to expand to include a high school..
Each day, children pray the mid-day prayer at school. Salat-ul-Jumu'ah, or the Friday prayers, are attended by the upper-grade students at the Selimiye Camii Mosque, located within walking distance.
Background
The school was founded in 2001 by The school was founded by Shaban Catalbas, who has a granddaughter named Zehra Catalbas attending 7th grade. It is located at 125 Oakland Ave, Methuen, Massachusetts.
Ratings
TIA has been rated by many school rating companies, such as Great Schools, Education.com, and Private School Review.
Hajj Re-enactment Day, 2007
The Hajj Re-enactment Day of 2007 was covered by the local press, in a feature program, "Sounds of the Season".
An exclusive video can be found at the school's site.
Jowdy World Knowledge Challenge
TIA takes part in an annual world geography competition held at the Lawrence Public Library.
References
External links
The Islamic Academy Official Website
The Islamic Academy's PTO Website
Islamic schools in Massachusetts
Schools in Essex County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Methuen, Massachusetts
Private elementary schools in Massachusetts
Private middle schools in Massachusetts
Roger Q. Mills (1832–1911) was a U.S. Senator from 1892 to 1899. Senator Mills may also refer to:
Edgar G. Mills (1860–?), Wisconsin State Senate
Elijah H. Mills (1776–1829), Massachusetts
Fred Mills (politician) (born 1955), Louisiana State Senate
George D. Mills (1898–1948), Illinois State Senate
John Mills (Massachusetts politician) (1787–1861), Massachusetts State Senate
Morris Mills (born 1929), Indiana State Senate
Ogden L. Mills (1884–1937), New York State Senate
Peter Mills (American politician) (born 1943), Maine
Robby Mills (born 1967), Kentucky State Senate
Roger H. Mills (1813–1881), Connecticut State Senate
Simeon Mills (1810–1895), Wisconsin State Senate
Thomas Brooks Mills (1857–1930), Wisconsin State Senate
William J. Mills (1849–1915), Connecticut State Senate
An American Indian Museum is a museum that focuses on the history, culture and arts of North American native peoples. Specifically, it may refer to:
National Museum of the American Indian, Washington D.C.
George Gustav Heye Center, or the National Museum of the American Indian–New York, New York City
Iroquois Indian Museum in Howes Cave, New York
Mitchell Museum of the American Indian in Evanston, Illinois
Southwest Museum of the American Indian, in Los Angeles, California
Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian in Santa Fe, New Mexico
See also
Museum of Native American History, in Bentonville, Arkansas
:Category:Native American museums in the United States
Jarrett Zigon is a social theorist, philosopher and anthropologist at the University of Virginia, where they are the William & Linda Porterfield Chair in Bioethics and Professor of Anthropology. From 2018 to 2020, they were the founding director of the Center for Data Ethics and Justice at the University of Virginia. Previously, they had been at the University of Amsterdam and the Max Planck Institute for Social Anthropology.
Biography
Zigon received an M.A. in liberal arts from St. John's College (1998) and a Ph.D. in anthropology from the City University of New York, Graduate from Center (2006). They subsequently are a member of the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, a visiting scholar at Columbia University, and a research fellow at the Max Planck Institute for Social Anthropology. Their research has been funded through a Fulbright-Hays Fellowship, the Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research (NWO), and the European Research Council (ERC), among others.
Research
Zigon is best known for their writing on ethics and political theory – most particularly for their conceptions of moral breakdown, moral assemblages, attunement, dwelling, and relational ethics. These writings have primarily addressed the topics of the war on drugs, social and political change, and artificial intelligence/data science. Zigon's work has had a major influence on the anthropology of ethics, and critical phenomenological and hermeneutic approaches to ethics and politics.
Zigon is committed to an ongoing conversation between anthropology and philosophy.  They are particularly recognized for articulating an anthropology strongly influenced by post-Heideggerian continental philosophy and critical theory, the theoretical articulation of which they describe as critical hermeneutics.
They have contributed several articles to openDemocracy on addiction, the war on drugs, and political activism.
Bibliography
Books
A War on People: Drug User Politics and a New Ethics of Community. Oakland: University of California Press. 2019.
Disappointment: Toward a Critical Hermeneutics of Worldbuilding. New York: Fordham University Press. 2018.
HIV is God's Blessing Rehabilitating Morality in Neoliberal Russia. Berkeley: University of California Press. 2011.
Making the New Post-Soviet Person: Moral Experience in Contemporary Moscow. Leiden: Brill. 2010.
Morality: An Anthropological Perspective. Oxford: Berg Publishers. 2008.
Articles
“Can Machines Be Ethical?: On the Necessity of Relational Ethics and Empathic Attunement for Data-Centric Technologies,” in Social Research: An International Quarterly, vol 86, no. 4. 2019.
“What is a situation?: an assemblic ethnography of the drug war,” in Cultural Anthropology, vol. 30, no. 3. 2015.
“An Ethics of Dwelling and a Politics of World-Building: A Critical Response to Ordinary Ethics,” in Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute, 20, 746–64. 2014.
“Maintaining the ‘Truth:' performativity, human rights, and the limitations on politics,” in Theory and Event, vol. 17, no. 3. 2014.
“Temporalization and Ethical Action,” in Journal of Religious Ethics, vol. 42, no. 3. 2014.
“Attunement and Fidelity: Two Ontological Conditions for Morally Being-in-the-World,” in Ethos, vol. 42, no.1. 2014.
“Moral breakdown and the ethical demand: A theoretical framework for an anthropology of moralities,” in Anthropological Theory, vol. 7, no. 2. 2007
References
External links
Faculty Page. Department of Anthropology, University of Virginia.
Academia
openDemocracy
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American philosophers
21st-century anthropologists
Graduate from Center, CUNY alumni
University of Virginia faculty
"The Ballad of Oz" is a song by the Australian group, Daddy Cool, released in August 1994 as a double-A sided single with "Happy Hippy Hut" by Skyhooks. The single peaked at number 35 on the ARIA Charts, remaining in that position for three consecutive weeks.
Background and release
In 1994, Skyhooks and Daddy Cool briefly reformed in a proposed 1994 stadium tour and together released a double-A sided single. The tour was ultimately downgraded to the pub circuit.
Track listing
Charts
References
1994 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1994 songs
Songs written by Ross Wilson (musician)
Daddy Cool (band) songs
The National Human Rights Commission of Nigeria (“the NHRC”), affiliated with the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, was established by the National Human Rights Commission (Amendment) Act of 1995 to promote and protect all human rights in Nigeria. The Commission serves as an extra-judicial mechanism which safeguards the human rights of the Nigerian population. It monitors human rights in Nigeria, assists victims of human rights violations, and helps in the formulation of the Nigerian Government's policies on human rights. This institution was initiated to comply with the demands of the African Charter on Human and Peoples Rights, United Nations Charter, Universal Declaration on Human Rights and other international treaties as a signatory to these frameworks. In 2010, it was amended to accommodate quasi - judicial powers to summon persons, acquire evidence, award compensation and enforce decisions. The power to visit any place of detention without violating detainees' rights is also recognized in the act.
The commission with over 20 branches across Nigeria, has a Governing Council of 16 members consisting of a chairperson, usually a retired Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria or the Court of Appeal or a retired Judge of the High Court of a State and an Executive Secretary. The current Executive Secretary is Anthony O. Ojukwu Esq. Council members are appointed by the President on the recommendation of the Attorney – General of the Federation. The commission executes its mandate through the establishment of a National Action Plan which features effective complaint mechanism, enlightenment seminars, workshops, rallies and continuous reengineering of its strategies. Aside upholding human rights, It creates avenue for research and awareness on human rights issues in Nigeria. In post conflict situations, the commission advocates for the rights of vulnerable groups such as women, children and Internally Displaced Persons (IDP); call out defaulters; investigate abuses; establish dialogues and human rights-centred negotiations; collaborations for effective post conflict performance; evaluate government's post conflict actions and policies and obtaining justice and reparation for victims of conflict.
The Commission has been active in investigation and monitoring of numerous human rights situations since its founding.
Amnesty International raised concerns about intimidation of the National Human Rights Commission by the Nigeria Police Force in 2012.
Functional Units
Council Secretariat
Internal Audit
Complaints Registry
Information & Communication Technology
Executive Secretary
Dr Bukhari Bello, mni, MFR
Dr Anthony Ojukwu
See also
Human rights in Nigeria
The Human Rights Violation Investigation Commission of Nigeria
References
External links
National Human Rights Commission, official site
National human rights institutions
Human rights organizations based in Nigeria
Government of Nigeria
Events from the year 1658 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch – Frederick III
Steward of the Realm: Joachim Gersdorff
Events
January 30 – The March across the Belts begins when the harsh winter weather, which has also forced the Danish fleet to port, enables a Swedish army of 9,000 cavalrymen and 3,000 foot soldiers to move across the ice of Little Belt from Jutland to Gunen.
February 5 – The Swedish King and cavalry cross the Great Belt from Langeland to Lolland and the infantry and the artillery follow the next day.
February 8 – The Swedish host reaches Zealand.
February 11 – Having not expected a Swedish offensive until spring at the earliest, Denmark panics and yields. The Treaty of Taastrup is signed as a preliminary accord and negotiations continue.
February 26
The negotiations are finalized with the signing of the Treaty of Roskilde in Roskilde. It cedes Scania, Halland, Blekinge and Bornholm as well as two provinces in Norway to Sweden. Even after the treaty enters into force, the Swedish forces continue their campaign.
After the signing of the treaty, the Danish king hosts a peace banquet () at Frederiksborg Castle.
June 9 – In a letter to the king, citizens of Copenhagen make a demand for special privileges and a City Council of 32 men.
August 30 – The Royal Life Guards on foot is founded.
August 10 – As Swedish troops approach Copenhagen once again, the king, in a letter, promises that Copenhagen and Christianshavn will be free and heard on all matters of national importance, particularly those relating to customs and octroi.
August 11 – The Swedish army resumes its siege of Copenhagen.
October 29 – In the Battle of the Sound, a Dutch fleet come in support of Denmark which forces the Swedish fleet to end the blockade of Copenhagen. Soon after, Sweden has to abandon the siege of the city and withdraw from the Danish isles while they remain present in Jutland.
December 8 – Resistance fighters on Bornholm try to capture the Swedish commander on the island, Redigerer Printzenskiöld, who is killed in the subsequent uproar.
December 25 – The Battle of Kolding results in Danish-Polish victory against Sweden.
Undated
Ulstrup Castle is completed.
Births
Deaths
April 19 – Kirsten Munk, noble, royal spouse (b. 1598)
References
Denmark
Years of the 17th century in Denmark
Patton Ki Bazi is a 1986 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Ram Govind for Balaji Films, starring Rajan Sippy, Khushboo, Swapna and Gulshan Grover.
Plot
Patton Ki Bazi is an action film. The plot includes Mahesh (Rajan Sippy) who comes to Mumbai and falls in love with Preet(Khushboo) who is Seth Oberoi's daughter. Mahesh is good at playing cards and soon they become the biggest gambler of the city.
Cast
Rajan Sippy as Mahesh Prasad
Khushboo as Preet Oberoi
Swapna as Mona
Vinod Mehra as Inspector Vinod Saxena
Gulshan Grover as Ranjeet
Bharat Kapoor as Balwant Sethi 'Billa'
Songs
Lyrics: Maya Govind
References
External links
1986 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian action films
1986 action films
Kurtoxin is a toxin found in the venom of the scorpion Parabuthus transvaalicus. It affects the gating of voltage-gated sodium channels and calcium channels.
Sources
Kurtotoxin is found in the venom of the South African scorpion Parabuthus transvaalicus.
Chemistry
Kurtoxin is a protein containing 63 amino acid residues with a mass of 7386.1 daltons. Its formula is C324H478N94O90S8. It can be isolated from the venom of Parabuthus transvaalicus by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Kurtoxin is closely related to α-scorpion toxins, a family of toxins that slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels. The complete primary amino-acid sequence of kurtoxin is: KIDGYPVDYW NCKRICWYNN KYCNDLCKGL KADSGYCWGW TLSCYCQGLP DNARIKRSGR CRA.
Target
In research on Xenopus oocytes it was found that kurtoxin affects low-threshold α1G and α1H calcium channels, but not the high-threshold α1A, α1B, α1C, and α1E Ca channels. Like other α-scorpion toxins kurtoxin was also found to interact with voltage-gated sodium channels.
In rat neurons, less selectivity for kurtoxin on calcium channels is found. Here the toxin interacts with high affinity with T-type, L-type, N-type, and P-type channels.
Mode of action
Kurtoxin inhibits ion calcium channels by modifying channel gating. The effect of the toxin is voltage-dependent. In a voltage-clamp experiment it was found that calcium channels are more strongly inhibited by minor depolarization than by a strong depolarization of the cell. The peptide toxin binds close to the channel voltage sensor and thereby produces complex gating modifications specific for each channel type. In rats, kurtoxin inhibited T-type, L-type, and N-type Ca channels and facilitated P-type channels. Deactivation was accelerated in T-type and L-type channels, slowed down in P-type channels and not affected in N-type calcium channels.
Kurtoxin also has an effect on sodium channels. It slows down both activation and inactivation of the channel.
References
Chuang, R.S., Jaffe, H., Cribbs, L., Perez-Reyes, E., Swartz, K.J. (1998). Inhibition of T-type voltage-gated calcium channels by a new scorpion toxin. Nature Neuroscience 1(8), 668–674.
Sidach, S.S., Mintz, I.M. (2002). Kurtoxin, a gating modifier of neuronal high- and low threshold Ca channels. The Journal of Neuroscience, 22(6), 2023–2034.
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
The 9 March 2011 Peshawar bombing occurred in the city of Peshawar, the capital of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in north-west Pakistan. The attack took place in the Adezai locality of Peshawar; 37 people were killed and at least 45 were wounded. The blast happened during a funeral held for the wife of a local anti-Taliban Pashtun militia leader. According to a witness, the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber, a "boy wrapped in a shawl." A medical emergency was declared at hospitals in Peshawar, where those injured in the attack were taken.
The Taliban later claimed responsibility for the explosion, and said it was retaliation for the local militia's support for Pakistani security forces in carrying out anti-Taliban operations.
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani issued a statement condemning the attacks, though the government was also criticised for its lack of support for those affected by the Taliban.
The incident took place just a day after another separate terrorist incident in Faisalabad.
See also
List of terrorist incidents in Pakistan since 2001
References
2011 murders in Pakistan
21st-century mass murder in Pakistan
Mass murder in 2011
Peshawar 2011 3
Suicide car and truck bombings in Pakistan
Terrorist incidents in Peshawar
Cuthbert Cowan (1835 – 4 April 1927) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Southland, New Zealand.
Biography
Political career
Cowan represented the Wallace electorate in 1869, but they resigned after only three months, and then the Hokonui electorate from to 1890, when they retired. They unsuccessfully contested the electorate in both the 1896 general election and the against Joseph Ward.
Death
They died on 4 April 1927 in Invercargill aged 92.
References
1835 births
1927 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1896 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
The Merit Cross for War Aid () was a war decoration of Prussia awarded during World War I. Instituted 5 December 1916, the cross was awarded for patriotic war aid service, without regard to status or rank.
Appearance
The Merit Cross for War Aid is in the shape of a Maltese cross, typically found made of blackened Kriegsmetall alloy. The obverse of the cross bears a circular central medallion with the crowned cipher of King Wilhelm II. On the reverse the central medallion is inscribed FÜR KRIEGS-HILFSDIENST (For War Aid Merit) above an oak wreath. To the upper arm is attached a loop for suspension from its ribbon.
References
Military awards and decorations of Prussia
Law of the Timber is a 1941 American film directed by Bernard B. Ray.
Plot summary
Henry Lorimer is one of the two owners of downsized H & L Lumber Company camp, who returns one day to give the good news that they have negotiated a new contract with the U.S. government.
The plan is to cut down the entire tree population in Antler Valley, a place where lumbering previously has been impossible because of the resistance from the fierce inhabitants. Adams, who is to co-sign the deal, expresses their surprise over the plan.
Lorimer is determined to go through with the plan and brings their men to the site, led by the tough supervisor Hodge Mason. As the work proceeds, a number of "accidents" occur, and Lorimer believes that the Cain family is responsible.
Lorimer goes to see them but they claim to have nothing to do with it, and the reason is they know Lorimer is working for the military and a valuable cause.
A young man named John Gordon comes looking for a job, and flirts with Lorimer's daughter Perry as soon as they enter the company premises. They show no interest in the arrogant man. Still, they are hired to help lumbering.
One night, John discovers a forest fire and the men start extinguishing it. Lorimer is killed by a tree falling in the effort and Perry takes charge of the company in their place.
The camp manager, Frank Barnes, asks Perry to marry him, and Adams tries to buy their share of the company, but they refuse them both. It turns out the entire Cain family was killed in the fire, and the suspicions about their involvement are abandoned.
John is put on household work after burning their hands in the fire, and the accidents continue to happen in the forest. When a man falls to their death after their safety rope is cut, Frank talks to the sheriff. Suspicions arise that the cook, Eric, who is an immigrant, is the one responsible.
The next accident is a dynamite explosion that causes the earth to move and stop the lumber transport by train to its destination at the sawmill. Eric is cleared of suspicion, and John tries to investigate the cause of the accident.  They are almost hit by a bullet when they are riding in the forest, but instead the entire supply of dynamite is ignited and explodes. The others soon suspect John of trying to sabotage the lumbering.
More dynamite is delivered, and John develops a plan to reveal who the saboteur is by claiming to have proof of the culprit. They show them a bullet as proof and hides the bullet by their bnk bed. In the night Mason, the supervisor, retrieves the bullet from its hiding place and is seen by Olaf, who knows about the plan.
Olaf tells John about it by writing them a note which they pass to them during a card game in which both John and Mason takes part. Mason picks a fight with John in order to get a chance to shoot him, but Frank breaks it up.
The next day John tells Perry that they believe Frank to be in cahoots with Mason. They also reveal to them that they are the son of late owner Hamilton, who got a share of the company as inheritance on the condition they serve as a lumberjack for some time.
Since Frank is in the forest to clear up for the transport with dynamite, john and Perry suspect they are to do further sabotage to the train transport. They ride into the forest to stop him, but Perry is rendered unconscious after a blow to the head.
Frank lets the train run towards the stack of dynamite they have prepared, and where Mason is ready. The lumber cars manage to pass before the dynamite disintegrates the rail and the rest of the train. John finds Perry and brings them back to camp. The sheriff arrives to apprehend both Frank and Mason.
Cast
Marjorie Reynolds as "Perry" Lorimer
Monte Blue as Hodge Mason
J. Farrell MacDonald as Adams
Hal Brazeale as John Gordon
Earl Eby as Barnes
Sven Hugo Borg as Olaf
George Humbert as Eric
Milburn Morante as Abe Cain
Betty Roadman as Ma Cain
Eddie Phillips as Sam Cain
Jack Holmes as Harry Lorimer
Zero the Dog as Zero
Soundtrack
External links
References
1941 films
American black-and-white films
1941 drama films
Producers Releasing Corporation films
Films directed by Bernard B. Ray
American drama films
Films set in forests
Films about lumberjacks
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The 2022 World Fencing Championships was held from 15 to 23 July 2022 in Cairo, Egypt.
Schedule
Twelve events were held.
All times are local (UTC+2).
Medal summary
Medal table
Men
Women
References
External links
Official website
2022
World Championships
2022 in Egyptian sport
Sports competitions in Cairo
World Championships, 2022
World Fencing Championships
William Brooke Thomas Trego (15 September 1858 – 24 June 1909) was an American painter best known for their historical military subjects, in particular scenes of the American Revolution and Civil War.
Biography
William B. T. Trego was born in Yardley, Bucks County, Pennsylvania in 1858, the son of the artist Jonathan Kirkbridge Trego and Emily Roberts née Thomas. At the age of two William's hands and feet became nearly paralyzed, either from polio, or from a doctor administering a dose of calomel (mercurous chloride). Trego's family moved to Detroit in 1874 where William was enrolled in the local school, but an incident where 16-year-old William burned off all their hair with a gas jet made their father decide to teach William in their studio from then on. Despite their crippled hands, young William showed an aptitude for art, learning to paint with a brush jammed in their right hand while they guided it with their left. William Trego first received public attention when they exhibited a painting titled The Charge of Custer at Winchester in 1879 at the Michigan State Fair. Their depiction of George Armstrong Custer's charge at the Third Battle of Winchester was described by the Cleveland Press as "one of the best historical paintings of the kind that has ever been produced by an American artist."
Pennsylvania Academy years
Later that year, Trego used the proceeds from the sale of The Charge of Custer at Winchester to enroll themselves at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They studied at PAFA for three years under Thomas Eakins, in courses that included instruction on aspects of the human figure, including anatomical study of the human and animal body and surgical dissection. Trego did not appreciate Eakins' rigorous, terse teaching style, and would later remark:
"Fortunately for myself I was drilled in the principles of drawing in my father's studio before I went to the Academy, so that I was able to some extent to brave the sarcasm and neglect of Eakins"
In an 1882 Academy exhibition, Trego won the first Toppan Prize for their work, Battery of Light Artillery en Route, and the painting was subsequently purchased for the Academy by Fairman Rogers. In 1883, Trego received what they thought was a snub from the Academy when the art jury for the Temple Competition of Historical Paintings, a competition intended to help revive historical painting by limiting entries to depictions of the American War of Independence", decided there were no paintings of sufficient quality to merit a 1st or second place, and awarded Trego 3rd place for their painting of George Washington and their troops called The March to Valley Forge. Trego sued the Academy on the grounds that if their painting was the best overall, it should receive first place (and they should get the $3,000 prize money). In 1886, they lost the case, with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling the jury was well within their rights under the contract of the exhibit to award prizes as they saw fit.
North Wales studio
After leaving the Academy, Trego lived in North Wales, Pennsylvania, with their mother and father. Except for trips abroad, Trego would live in North Wales for the rest of their life, working in a studio behind their house. They used the town residents, their horses, and the surrounding landscape as models and backdrops for their paintings. Trego was becoming well known for the accuracy of their military depictions as well as the honest, sometimes brutal realism, especially in their Civil War subjects The Civil War works were well received and Trego had much success selling paintings during that time.
Paris studies
In 1887, they went to Paris to study at the Académie Julian under the French academic painters Tony Robert-Fleury and William-Adolphe Bouguereau. Trego studied at the French museums while they were there and enjoyed the Paris night life with other Pennsylvania Academy alumni such as Robert Henri, Augustus B. Koopman, Henry McCarter, and Frederick J. Waugh. Trego also participated in the Paris Salons of 1889 and 1890, gaining some recognition for their 1889 submission, a military painting titled The End of the Charge of von Bredow's Brigade at Rezonville depicting German cavalry units charge against French during the Franco-Prussian War. One French writer thought this work put Trego on par with the famous French academic military artist, Édouard Detaille. On their ocean voyage home from Paris in 1890, Trego returned to America not only with new found knowledge of French academic painting, they also returned with a French fiancée. But in a sad and very public event on board ship, the "handsome French girl" (as reported in the newspapers of the time) switched their affections to fellow Académie Julian student James R. Fisher. When they arrived in Philadelphia the newspapers reported the two artists as parting "bitter enemies".
Later years
After their return to the States, Trego's work received much acclaim from critics. In 1891, noted American art collector Thomas Benedict Clarke wrote of Trego:
"In the accomplishment of their work, which is marked by strength, firmness, and force, they have had to overcome physical infirmities that would have made a less brave and earnest character halt at the threshold."
Despite these accolades and the prestige of exhibiting in the Paris Salon, Trego found it hard to sell paintings due to the declining in popularity of realistic military artwork. They painted portraits and genre paintings to make money and took on work doing book and magazine illustration. They also tried unsuccessfully to become an instructor at The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. They lived with, and was supported by, their parents during the 1890s. Trego's father died in 1901 and their stepmother died six years later. Trego's increasing financial problems during this time made them take on students including Walter Emerson Baum and their wife, Flora. Trego tried to revive their career by basing a painting on the popular novel Ben Hur with one of their last works, The Chariot Race from Ben Hur (1908). They sent it to the 1909 National Academy of Design exhibition in New York but it failed to spark any interest. William Trego was found unconscious in their studio on June 24, 1909 and was dead by the time the doctor arrived. Their obituary in The New York Times reported that they died of "overexertion" due to "excessive heat". The cause of death specified on their death certificate was a supposed suicide by the administration of some unknown poison. The contents of their North Wales studio were left to Walter Emerson Baum.
Legacy
During their lifetime, Trego had painted over 200 historical and military paintings. These would become so widely published after their death that writer Edwin Augustus Peeples commented:
"There is probably not an American History book which doesn't have (a) Trego picture in it".
In 1976, Trego's The March to Valley Forge had become such an iconic image of that event that it was reproduced as a souvenir postage sheet issued by the United States Postal Service as part of the observance of the United States Bicentennial. It is currently on loan from the Museum of the American Revolution to Valley Forge National Historical Park.
A book was published about Trego's life, So Bravely and So Well: The Life and Art of William T. Trego, by Joseph P. Eckhardt, in 2011.
Collections
Trego's work is represented in many permanent collections including:
Illustration for the Century - Smithsonian Institution, Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum
Horse Artillery Going into Battery, Petersburg, Va. and A Mortar Battery Firing - United States Department of the Army, United States Military Academy, West Point Museum
Battery of Light Artillery En Route - Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
The March to Valley Forge (1883) - The American Revolution Center
The Chariot Race (1908) and Civil War Battle Scene (1887) - James A. Michener Art Museum
Hancock's Corps Assaulting the Works at the "Bloody Angle" (1887) - Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum
Jonathan K. Trego (1817–1901) and The Rescue of the Colors - Bucks County Historical Society
Exhibitions and awards
Michigan State Fair, 1879 - The Charge of Custer at Winchester
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, 1882 - Toppan Prize,
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, 1883 - Temple Silver Medal, The March to Valley Forge
Paris Salon, 1889
Paris Salon, 1890
World's Columbian Exposition, 1893
Cotton States and International Exposition, Atlanta, Georgia
American Art Society, Silver Medal, 1902
National Academy of Design exhibition, New York, 1909 - The Chariot Race from Ben Hur
James A. Michener Art Museum exhibition, Doylestown, PA, 2011 - Various works
Gallery
See also
Artists of stamps of the United States
References
Further reading
Gemmill, Helen Hartman. William B. T. Trego: the artist with paralyzed hands, Antiques, November 1983, pp. 994–999.
Sozanski, Edward J. A forgotten painter of military history: William T. Trego's life and career unfold first as inspiration, then as tragedy, which makes the exhibition of their art at the James A. Michener Art Museum alternately fascinating and sad, The Philadelphia Inquirer, June 12, 2011 Archived
External links
James A. Michener Art Museum: Bucks County Artists - William B. T. Trego
SIRIS (Smithsonian Institution Research Information System) - Trego, William Brooke Thomas, 1859-1909, painter
Smithsonian - American Bicentennial Issues: Souvenir Sheets 31c Washington Reviewing Army at Valley Forge sheet of 5
The Reporter - Recognizing fame - Sunday February 10, 2008
The William B.T. Trego Centenary Project
William B. T. Trego Website
1859 births
1909 deaths
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
20th-century American painters
Realist painters
Military art
People from Yardley, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
Académie Julian alumni
American history painters
Students of Thomas Eakins
20th-century American male artists
Daniel Voigt (born 4 November 1977) is a retired Dutch football defender.
References
1977 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
PSV Eindhoven players
De Graafschap players
FC Den Bosch players
Helmond Sport players
Fortuna Sittard players
Wuppertaler SV players
1. FC Kleve players
JVC Cuijk players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Association football defenders
Netherlands under-21 international footballers
The Tiadaghton Valley Regional Police Department (TVRPD) is a regional police department providing law enforcement services to several municipalities in western Lycoming County, Pennsylvania. The department consisted of 15 officers and serves just under 8,500 residents of Jersey Shore borough as well as Cummings, McHenry, Nippenose, Piatt, and Porter townships.
History
Tiadaghton Valley Regional Police Department was formed via the merger of Jersey Shore Borough Police Department and Porter Township Police Department in 2010.
Vehicles
TVRPD operates an all-Ford fleet. They operate marked and unmarked Ford Interceptor sedans police version of the Taurus and Ford Interceptor Utility police version of the Explorer.
Fallen officers
Officers featured in this section died from injuries after or while conducting law enforcement operations while on duty.
Note
a.This occurred well before regionalisation. Norton was member of the Jersey Shore Borough Police Department.
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in Pennsylvania
References
Municipal police departments of Pennsylvania
Tia and Tamara may refer to:
Sister, Sister (TV series), a television sitcom starring Tia and Tamera Mowry.
Actresses Tia Mowry and Tamera Mowry.
The reality series Tia & Tamera
Matthew Stuart Garnaut (born 7 November 1973) is a former Australian sportsman who played Australian rules football for the East Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and cricket for Western Australia.
From Perth, a number of Garnaut's family had previously played top-level sports: their grandfather, Laurie (), father, John (East Perth), and brother, Graeme (East Perth, and ) all played WAFL senior football, and their sister, Kristin, played netball for the Perth Orioles. Garnaut played Teal Cup football for Western Australia, and later played one senior match for East Perth in the WAFL in 1994. They later concentrated on cricket, making their first-class debut against South Australia in November 1996. Overall, they played 16 matches for Western Australia in the 1996–97 and 1997–98 Sheffield Shield competitions, taking 37 wickets at an average of 42.00, with the best of 4/51. Garnaut also played grade cricket for the Bayswater-Morley District Cricket Club. They were involved in a notable incident during the 1998–99 WACA First Grade final against Midland-Guildford, when they and Bret Mulder, batting tenth and eleventh respectively, put on 177 for the tenth wicket to win the tournament for Bayswater-Morley, with Garnaut finishing on 127 not out.
See also
List of Australian rules footballers and cricketers
References
1973 births
Australian cricketers
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Cricketers from Western Australia
East Perth Football Club players
Living people
Sportspeople from Perth, Western Australia
Western Australia cricketers
Peter James Hasney (1864–1908) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. They played for the Philadelphia Athletics of the American Association in , their last year of existence.
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball players from England
Philadelphia Athletics (AA) players
19th-century baseball players
1864 births
1908 deaths
Augusta Browns players
Lancaster Ironsides players
Williamsport (minor league baseball) players
Scranton Miners players
Wilkes-Barre Coal Barons players
Johnstown (minor league baseball) players
Ashland (minor league baseball) players
Hazleton Pugilists players
Norristown (minor league baseball) players
Lebanon (minor league baseball) players
Wilmington Blue Hens players
The KMT-5M is a Soviet tank mounted mechanical mine clearing device in the KMT series that is designed to disable anti-tank mines by plowing up or mechanically breaking them from the lines in front of tank tracks. It was first introduced in the 1960s. The device can be mounted to T-54/55, T-62 and T-64 tanks. The plow has nowadays been mostly replaced by the modern version KMT-7 that can be installed to T-72, T-80 and T-90 series of tanks. It was however recently copied by the Romanians in their D-5M mine clearing system.
Technical specifications
Operating speed: 6–12 km/h
Cleared lane width: 0.81 m x 2
Depth of clearance: 0.1 m
Install time: 30-45 min
Removal time: 8-13 min
Weight: 7.5 t (m)
References
Mine warfare countermeasures
Tanks of the Soviet Union
Tyler Chris Mathisen is a journalist for CNBC. They host Power Lunch.
Early life and education
Mathisen was born in Arlington, Virginia in 1954. Their father, Chris, was a war correspondent while in the United States Navy during World War II and covered the Surrender of Japan on board the USS Missouri and later was an administrative aide for Burr Harrison. Their mother, Mary, was an artist. They graduated from the University of Virginia in 1976.
Career
After graduating, Mathisen worked for Time Life books.
From 1982 to 1997, Mathisen was a writer and editor for Money. They supervised mutual funds coverage.
From 1991 until 1997, they were money editor of Good Morning America. In 1993, they won the American University-Investment Company Institute Award for Personal Finance Journalism for Caring for Aging Parents, which aired on Good Morning America. They also won an Emmy Award for a report on Black Monday (1987) that aired on WCBS-TV in New York.
Mathisen joined CNBC in 1997.
Host shows
Business Center (1997–1999)
Closing Bell (2002–2005)
High Net Worth (2004–present)
Nightly Business Report (2013–2018)
Open Exchange (2002–2003)
Power Lunch (2009—present)
Location, Location, Location. (Real estate show).
Personal life
In June 2004, they married Joanne Lamarca, a producer for Today. They met when Lamarca was a producer for one of Tyler's shows. They live in Montclair, New Jersey. In the 2016 United States presidential election, they voted for Michael Bloomberg as a write-in candidate. For an unknown reason, all mentions of their first wife - Sally Russell, an editor at Skiing magazine while they were at Money - have been erased from biographical listings that mention him.
References
1954 births
American business and financial journalists
American people of Norwegian descent
American television news anchors
CNBC people
Living people
People from Arlington County, Virginia
University of Virginia alumni
Male journalists
Farahmand () is a Persian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Reza Farahmand (born 1977), Iranian film director
Saam Farahmand, British film and music video director
Persian-language surnames
Tatishchevo is a military airbase in the Tatishchevsky District of Saratov Oblast, Russia. It is operated by Strategic Rocket Forces of Russia (RVSN).
The base is located north-west of the settlement of Tatishchevo.
The airbase serves the special helicopter squadron of RVSN (Mil Mi-8).
It has missiles silos with UR-100N and RT-2PM2 ICBMs.
References
Airports built in the Soviet Union
Airports in Saratov Oblast
Military airbases
Military installations of Russia
is a railway station in Ōtake, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Ōtake Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
The Cattaneo family is a Genoese noble family, that had an important role in the history of the Republic of Genoa, giving five Doges to the Republic.
Origins
In 1309 the Della Volta family, with the families Mallone, Bustarino, Marchione, Stancone, Ingone, and Libertino formed the Albergo Cattaneo (first of these consortium institutions), thus putting this new surname before theirs. Its origin dates back to the mission of the very powerful Ingo della Volta as ambassador of Genoa in Pavia, in 1161.
On this occasion they were appointed cattaneo (who means "captain", in Ancient Italian).
A branch of the family moved to Naples, having one of its members as prince of San Nicandro in 1650.
The various families of the Albergo Cattaneo, after XIV century, on occasions when it was necessary to refer to the ancestors of the Cattaneo family, will always qualify by specifying the original surname of the family of origin.
In 1528, the following families remained to establish the Albergo "Cattaneo": Bava, Borrelli, Bozzoni, Canessa, Carizia, Cattaneo, Chiavari, Foglietta, Lagomarsino, Lasagna, Lazzari, Leccavela, Oliva, Pietra, Riccoboni, Stella, Tagliacarne, Vento, Zerbino.
History
Albergo Cattaneo
With the reform of the 1528 of the Alberghi in Genoa, the Cattaneo went on to form the "XXII Albergo". In addition to those that were already part of it, many other families were ascribed to it. Below are the families who were registered at the Albergo Cattaneo:
Bava: originally from Fossano, they came to Genoa around 1300 and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Borelli: originally from Savona.
Bozomo: originally from Struppa, they were ascribed to the Cattaneo and Pinelli.
Bufferi: originally from Genoa, they were one of the first families to be enrolled in the Albergo Cattaneo.
Bustarini: originally from the Levante Riviera of Liguria, they formed one of the 74 Alberghi of 1414 and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1433.
Carezza: originally from Albenga and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Chiavari: originally from Chiavari, they came to Genoa around 1150 and were ascribed to the Cattaneo, Lomellini and Lercaro in 1528.
Dondi: originally from Piedmont and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Foglietta: originally from Sestri Levante and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1528.
Ingoni: originally from Riviera Ligure, they came to Genoa around 1300 and were among the founders of the Albergo Cattaneo.
Lagomarsino: originally from Recco and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Lasagna arrived in Genoa between the XII and XIII centuries and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
De Lazario: originally from Bologna or from Bisagno Valley and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1528.
Leccavela: initially ascribed to the Albergo Di Collone and later were ascribed to the Cattaneo and Lercaro in 1528.
Libertini: originally from Genoa around 1100 and were ascribed to Doria, Cattaneo, Imperiale and Salvago.
Maloni: originally from Quarto, they were one of the first families to be enrolled in the Albergo Cattaneo.
Marchioni: originally from Gavi, they were among the founders of the Albergo Cattaneo.
Oliva: they were ascribed to the Cattaneo and Grimaldi.
Pietra: originally from Val Polcevera and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Riccobano: originally from Cinque Terre and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Scotti: originally from Genoa and were ascribed to the family in 1528.
Stanconi: originally from Riviera Ligure, they came to Genoa around 1140.
Stella: originally from the Ponente Riviera of Liguria and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1528.
Tagliacarne originally from Lombardy and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1528.
Vento originally from Benevento and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1528.
De Volta were one of the founding families of Albergo Cattaneo in 1301.
Zerbino originally from Chiavari and were ascribed to the Cattaneo in 1528.
Family tree
Notable members
Gaspare Cattaneo della Volta, father of Simonetta Cattaneo Vespucci.
Simonetta Cattaneo Vespucci (1453-1476)
Doges of the Republic of Genoa
Oberto Cattaneo Lazzari (1473–1533), the 46th Doge of the Republic of Genoa.
Leonardo Cattaneo della Volta (1487-1572), the 52nd Doge of the Republic of Genoa.
Giovanni Battista Cattaneo Della Volta (1638-1721), the 131st Doge of the Republic of Genoa and king of Corsica.
Nicolò Cattaneo Della Volta (1679-1751), the 153rd Doge of the Republic of Genoa and king of Corsica.
Cesare Cattaneo Della Volta (1680-1756), the 159th Doge of the Republic of Genoa.
See also
Republic of Genoa
Albergo
Doge of Genoa
Genoa
References
Bibliography
Italian noble families
Republic of Genoa families
Italian nobility
Italian families
ECA International provides data, software services, consultancy and training to help companies manage compensation and benefits for international workers moving around the world on a short-term, long-term or permanent basis.
The company offers data on cost of living, salary, accommodation, tax, labour law, benefits and quality of life for international assignees in over 480 locations worldwide. Clients can subscribe to services including country reports and allowance calculators, or they can request ad hoc consultancy projects including global mobility policy design and review.
The company runs surveys throughout the year to enable clients to benchmark their management policy for expatriate employees. It also runs regular IHR (International Human Resources) events and training sessions including its International HR Practitioner course.
ECAEnterprise is an assignment management system.
History
ECA International was founded by a group of international companies in 1971, in order to simplify the exchange of information for the management of expatriates. ECA, which stands for Employment Conditions Abroad International, has offices in London, New York City, Sydney and Hong Kong.
References
External links
Expatica HR
Le Monde article on most expensive locations for expatriates
International business organizations
Companies based in the London Borough of Camden
Lawrence Robert "Lonny" Calicchio (born October 24, 1972) is a former American football placekicker and punter who played one season in the National Football League (NFL) for the Philadelphia Eagles. They played college football for Northwest Mississippi and Ole Miss, going undrafted in . They also had stints with the Washington Redskins, Dallas Cowboys, Buffalo Bills, Carolina Panthers, and Indianapolis Colts, but did not play.
Early life and education
Lonny Calicchio was born on October 24, 1972, in Plantation, Florida. They attended South Plantation High School, helping the team reach the sectional playoffs as a junior. Their high school long was 55 yards, and they also kicked a 65-yarder in practice. Due to low grades, Calicchio was not able to attend a major university to start their college career.
Instead, they played their first year in the NJCAA for Northwest Mississippi Community College. They helped their team make a national championship as a sophomore, and was twice named All-American with Northwest Mississippi. After leading the nation in scoring during 1992, they were named to the NJCAA All-American first-team. They finished their junior college career 101-for-119 on extra points, and 15-for-24 on field goals.
They signed with Maryland in following the 1992 season, but did not academically qualify to play. They sat out for the '93 seasons, working as a security guard at a Plantation, Florida, motel. "It was pretty boring," they said. "That's what made me decide I needed to get back to school and definitely play football." They transferred to Ole Miss in 1994, and was able to play.
They were named the team's starting punter and also handled kickoff duties. In a practice game at Vaught–Hemingway Stadium, Calicchio made a 70-yard punt. Teammate Stacy Wilson said, "I love to watch them kick. He's amazing to me. He's going to fill a big gap for us on special teams. There's going to be some times now when we're playing on the other peoples' end of the field."
After posting a "disturbing" 35-yard average per punt in week three against Vanderbilt, where one of their kicks went just 12 yards, Calicchio returned with a 48.1 average versus Georgia. Their performance at Georgia included a 57-yard punt, the longest made by a member of Ole Miss since 1992. "At Georgia, I was kind of feeding off of what happened at Vanderbilt," they said in an interview after the game. "I made a promise to myself and the defense that I wouldn't let them down again." Their head coach, Joe Lee Dunn, said, "I've always felt he's a great punter. He's got the job as long as doesn't have any more 12-yarders."
After a blocked kick and several other errors near the end of the season, Calicchio lost their punting job to Walter Grant with two games remaining. They finished the year with a 38.7 yard average on 53 kicks. Grant, a senior, left after the year, and they regained their starting position. When Tommy Tuberville replaced Joe Lee Dunn as head coach, they decided that Calicchio's style of punting "had to go". After changing from a three-step approach to what Tuberville called a "two-step and jab", their kicks improved to a 40.3 average to start the season. Against Auburn, they set a career-long with a 79-yard kick. They were named "player of the game", after a 20–17 win over Tulane.
Professional career
After graduating, Calicchio went unselected in the 1996 NFL Draft. They were subsequently signed by the Washington Redskins, but lost the position battle with Matt Turk and was released in training camp.
They were signed by the Dallas Cowboys in early . In preseason week one, a loss versus the Oakland Raiders, Calicchio made a 15 yard punt, and, with fellow punter Toby Gowin, posted just a 29-yard average per punt. Though they rebounded the next week with 52-yard and 55-yard kicks, they eventually are released in favor of Gowin.
On September 23, 1997, Calicchio was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles to the practice squad. To make room, the Eagles cut Justin Armour. They were reportedly signed due to the Eagles kicking teams being described as "one of the worst in the league", with opponents starting drives on average from their own 38-yard line (compared to the league average 25). Coach Ray Rhodes said before a game against the Minnesota Vikings, "He is kicking the ball pretty decent. We will look at them a few more days. I need to see more consistency." They were promoted to the active roster against the Vikings, and kicked off to start the game, with the ball landing at the 3-yard line. "His kicks had height, but they didn't go the distance," wrote Gary Miles of The Philadelphia Inquirer. The Eagles released Calicchio on October 1, after they had played in just one game. Their roster spot was filled by Justin Armour, who had been released to make room for Calicchio one week earlier.
They returned to the Eagles in late October and was named kickoff specialist for their game against the Arizona Cardinals. An article in The Philadelphia Inquirer said, "It took them five weeks, dozens of practice kicks and a victory this week in a three-way kickoff contest, but Lonny Calicchio will finally get another chance to save the Eagles' kickoff team." Their kicks again were short, with none reaching the endzone besides one that was called back, and the Eagles lost 21–31. They were subsequently released along with Justin Armour.
In , they briefly spent time with the Buffalo Bills and was later signed by the Carolina Panthers, only to be released on August 25.
On April 21, 1999, Calicchio was signed by the Indianapolis Colts. In a preseason game versus the Cincinnati Bengals, they "all but whiffed" on a kickoff and injured themselves during the play, leading to their release with an injury settlement shortly afterwards. After being out of football for three years, they were given a tryout with the Minnesota Vikings in , but did not sign. They subsequently retired.
Later life
Calicchio later became a police officer in Miramar, Florida. They were inducted into the Northwest Mississippi Community College Athletics Hall of Fame in 2010.
References
1972 births
Living people
Players of American football from Florida
People from Plantation, Florida
American football placekickers
American football punters
Northwest Mississippi Rangers football players
Ole Miss Rebels football players
Washington Redskins players
Dallas Cowboys players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Buffalo Bills players
Carolina Panthers players
Indianapolis Colts players
Sportspeople from Broward County, Florida
The European Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks (EWSN) is an annual academic conference on wireless sensor networks.
Although there is no official ranking of academic conferences on wireless sensor networks, EWSN is widely regarded as the top European event in sensor networks.
EWSN Events
EWSN started in year 2004:
EWSN 2015, Porto, Portugal, February 9–11, 2015
EWSN 2014, Oxford, UK, February 17–19, 2014
EWSN 2013, Ghent, Belgium, February 13–15, 2013
EWSN 2012, Trento, Italy, February 15–17, 2012
EWSN 2011, Bonn, Germany, February 23.25, 2011
EWSN 2010, Coimbra, Portugal, February 17–19, 2010
EWSN 2009, Cork, Ireland, February 11–13, 2009
EWSN 2008, Bologna, Italy, January 30–31, February 1, 2008
EWSN 2007, Delft, The Netherlands, January 29–31, 2007
EWSN 2006, Zurich, Switzerland, February 13–15, 2006
EWSN 2005, Istanbul, Turkey, January 31 - February 2, 2005
EWSN 2004, Berlin, Germany, January 19–21, 2004
History
EWSN started in year 2004 and the prime motivation behind EWSN was to provide the European researchers working in sensor networks a venue to disseminate their research results. However, over the years EWSN has grown into a truly International event with participants and authors coming from all over the world. In 2006 it was decided to silently upgrade the event from a workshop to a conference. With this change in effect the acronym (i.e. EWSN) remains the same. Therefore, when giving a reference to EWSN 2004 to 2006 use European Workshop on Wireless Sensor Networks, and when giving a reference to EWSN 2007 onwards use European Conference on Wireless Sensor Networks.
See also
Wireless sensor network
External links
EWSN Bibliography (from DBLP)
Wireless sensor network
Computer networking conferences
Manuel Jorge Domínguez Diaz (born 8 December 1962) is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer. They competed in the individual road race event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1982
1st Stage 1 Vuelta Asturias
1983
1st Road race, National Junior Road Championships
1984
1st Gran Premio della Liberazione
1985
10th Road race, National Road Championships
1986
1st Stage 2 Vuelta a España
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a La Rioja
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
3rd Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
1987
1st Stage 7 Tour de France
1st Stage 1 Tour of the Basque Country
2nd Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
1st Stages 3 & 8
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
1988
1st Stage 1 Tour of the Basque Country
1st Stage 2 Vuelta Asturias
Vuelta a Castilla y León
1st Stages 2 & 4
Tour of Galicia
1st Stages 1 & 3
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
1989
1st Gran Premio de Llodio
Volta a Catalunya
1st Points classification
1st Stage 6a
1st Stage 5 Grand Prix du Midi Libre
1st Stage 5 Vuelta Asturias
1st Stage 6 Vuelta a Castilla y León
4th Trofeo Masferrer
8th Road race, National Road Championships
1991
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
4th Grand Prix Pino Cerami
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
People from Laviana
Cyclists from Asturias
Spanish Tour de France stage winners
Cyclists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Spain
Spanish male cyclists
Bešnjaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Бешњаја) is a low mountain in central Serbia, lying between the cities of Kragujevac and Jagodina. Its highest peak Lisin laz has an elevation of 613 meters above sea level.
References
Mountains of Serbia
Kragujevac
Leopoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 500.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The red-ruffed fruitcrow (Pyroderus scutatus) is a species of bird in the monotypic genus Pyroderus. It belongs to the family Cotingidae, and is one of the largest passerines in South America. Its common names in Spanish include yacutoro, toropisco montañero, sangretoro, pájaro torero, and cuervo-frutero de garganta roja. This species was first named Coracias scutata by Shaw in 1792, but was later changed to the current scientific name. This species has five subspecies P. s. scutatus (Shaw, 1792), P. s. orenocensis (Lafresnaye, 1846), P. s. granadensis (Lafresnaye, 1846), P. s. masoni (Ridgway, 1886), P. s. occidentalsis (Chapman, 1914).
Description
It has a relatively heavy pale bluish bill, and the plumage is primarily black, but with a dull brown to bright orange-crimson patch on the throat depending on the subspecies, (thereby superficially resembling the smaller male purple-throated fruitcrow). Some subspecies have brown underparts. Males gather in loose leks where they call to attract the smaller, but otherwise similar, females.
Subspecies description
Pyroderus scutatus scutatus is the nominated subspecies with a glossy black back with some iridescence. A crimson patch is present covering the throat while some coverts are a dull chestnut. The feet are wholly black and the bill is a light grey. Females are almost identical, but slightly smaller and with a slightly duller ruff.
Pyroderus scutatus orenocensis is duller instead of the glossy black seen in P. s. scutatus. It also has a fully chestnut breast.
Pyroderus scutatus granadensis has the same appearance as P. s. scutatus, but is significantly smaller with length 14 in, wing 8.5 in and tail 5 in.
Pyroderus scutatus masoni is black above and a dull dark brown/chestnut below that turns mottled to black as it approaches the undertail coverts. The chin and chest are a crimson with a black strip dividing the bright chest from the chestnut belly.
Pyroderus scutatus occidentalsis appears very similar to P. s. masoni, but the color is more bright and uniform with the chestnut belly complete instead of mottled.
Distribution and habitat
Its distribution is highly disjunct, with population associated with the Tepuis in Venezuela and Guyana, the east Andean slopes in Peru, Andean slopes in north-western Ecuador, Colombia and western Venezuela, the Venezuelan Coastal Range and the Atlantic Forest in south-eastern Brazil, eastern Paraguay and far north-eastern Argentina. It is found in humid forest, especially in highlands, but are also found in forest borders, Amazon lowlands, and in slightly drier forest.
The largest population of P. s. scutatus can be found in the Atlantic Forest in SE Brazil. The high population is speculated due to a lack of competition in the area Other P. s. scutatus are found in east Paraguay and northeast Argentina in Misiones.
Pyroderus scutatus orenocensis is only found in northeast Bolívar, a state in east Venezuela.
Pyroderus scutatus granadensis lives in the Andes in Colombia and Venezuela. Specifically, it is found in the east Andes, eastern slope of the central Andes in Colombia, Serranía de Perijá, east of Distrito Federal along the mountains, and the Andes in Venezuela.
Pyroderus scutatus masoni is located in the Andes of northern and central Peru. It has been recently confirmed in southeast Ecuador in Cordillera del Cóndor.
Pyroderus scutatus occidentalsis is found in the west Andes in Colombia and in the western slope of the central Andes in Colombia to northwest Ecuador, specifically Imbabura, Carchi, and Santo Domingo de los Tsachilas.
Behavior and ecology
Breeding
The nest is cup shaped, normally shallow, and is made of twigs which may be lined with fern fronds. These materials allow light to pass through. Normal clutch size is one egg. There has been very little research on the reproductive biology of P. scutatus. The literature is incomplete on the breeding strategies of all the subspecies, but P. s. granadensis and P. s. scutatus have been described.
Pyroderus scutatus granadensis
Shallow open cup shaped nests consist of twigs, with to inter lined with fern fronds. Nests are found near streams in steep drainages. Clutch sizes consistently a single egg with an average incubation time of 22.3 days.
Pyroderus scutatus scutatus
Nest of this subspecies are unusually well made compared to all other subspecies described. The nest is bulky and substantial, not allowing light to pass through. The inside nest diameter of the cup is 16.5 cm, and height 5 cm, with the outside nest diameter 38 cm, and height 11.3 cm. Nests have been found on honey wood trees (Alchornea triplinervia) and though the nests do not have any camouflage built into them, they are built within ferns on an inaccessible branch, hiding and protecting the nest. Though normal clutch size for P. scutatus is one, and always one for P. s. granadensis, two nestlings have been observed for P. s. scutatus. Young nestlings appear with brown, thick down, which is mainly missing from throat, but is concentrated on the head. The nearly bare skin on the throat is a bright pink and the beak is yellow.
Food and feeding
Pyroderus scutatus are omnivores, feeding on fruit, insects, and lizards with fruit making up the majority of the adults diet.
Pyroderus scutatus granadensis feeding patterns of the nestlings change with age. When the nestlings first start eating the parents will bring them mainly insects (66.7%) and lizards (25%) with fruit only making up about 8.3%. Only in the late stages of the nestling period does the diet change to mainly fruit (82.4%) with insects making up the minority (17.6%).
Survival
The nest defense strategy of P. scutatus is to leave the nest and chase the potential threat away. A common threat is a predator like a hawk or another Red-ruffed Fruitcrow entering the territory near the nest. P. s. scutatus has been observed diligently check the surrounding area for several seconds on a branch around 10 to 15 meters away from the nest before feeding the nestlings. It is thought that it is checking for predators as to not lead any to the nest.
Relation to humans
The local people have been known to treat Cotingas as game birds, especially the red-ruffed Fruitcrow who is one of the largest in the family.
Status and conservation
While generally a low-density species, it remains widespread and is locally not rare, but many of the populations are in decline, most likely due to habitat fragmentation and degradation of the ecosystem. BirdLife International and the IUCN has rated this species The Least Concern, but P. s. scutatus is listed as endangered by many Brazilian states including Rio Grande do Sul, São Paulo, Minas Gerais, and Rio de Janeiro due to the deforestation of the Atlantic Forest. There is also a correlation between the decline of P. scutatus and the rapid reduction of seed size of palm fruit. With local extinctions of P. scutatus, less palm fruit seeds are being eaten, digested, and excreted, leading to a decline in the dispersal of the seeds and a rapid reduction of seed size of palm fruit.
References
red-ruffed fruitcrow
Birds of the Northern Andes
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
red-ruffed fruitcrow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by George Shaw
Birds of the Tepuis
Carl Hillmann (March 29, 1870 – June 20, 1948) was an American Republican politician from Wisconsin.
Born in Rantoul, Wisconsin, Hillmann served on the Rantoul Town Board, as Justice of the Peace, and on the Calumet County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors. They served in the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1923, 1925, and 1927. They died in 1948.
Notes
People from Rantoul, Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Wisconsin state court judges
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
1870 births
1948 deaths
William "Billy" Usselton (July 2, 1926 – September 5, 1994) was an American jazz reed player.
Early life
Usselton was born in New Castle, Pennsylvania. Proficient on tenor saxophone, clarinet, and oboe, they began playing professionally in high school with Bubbles Becker. Although their parents wanted them to attend college in Pennsylvania, they wanted to play for a living.
Career
Usselton then played with Sonny Dunham in the 1940s before joining Ray Anthony in 1948–1949 and again in 1951–1952. In the interim, they joined Tommy Dorsey's band and recommended Mel Lewis after Buddy Rich was fired. After their second stint with Anthony, they played with Bill Harris in Florida.
In 1954 Usselton joined Les Brown's band, and played with them for decades. Usselton plays on nearly all of Brown's records released on Coral Records and Capitol Records, and toured with them worldwide as part of Bob Hope's United Service Organizations Tours. Usselton's only album as a leader was the 1957 release Their First Album, issued on Kapp Records.
Personal life
They married Lauri Johnson, a vocalist in Brown's ensemble, in 1958. Billy and family lived in Chicago in the 1960s where they gigged and was a jazz clinician for the Conn Corporation. The Usselton family moved to Phoenix, Arizona, in 1977. Usselton died in Tempe, Arizona, in September 1994.
References
1926 births
1994 deaths
American jazz clarinetists
American jazz saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Jazz musicians from Pennsylvania
20th-century American musicians
20th-century saxophonists
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Cigîrleni is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Populated places established in 1569
1569 establishments in Europe
Ada F. Kay, also known as A.J. Stewart, (born 1929) is a British writer with a particularly complex personal history. They grew up in Lancashire but lived much of their adult life in Scotland.
Work
In their earlier life, Ada had a successful career working as a dramatist in London for BBC, appearing in television mini-series throughout the 1950s. They wrote a number of plays during this time. One of them, The Man From Thermopylae (1959), received some critical acclaim. (It was set in ancient Greece and the title refers to the sole survivor of the famous battle). They also went through a failed marriage.
In the 1960s, they were planning to write a play about the life of King James IV of Scotland. In the course of their research, they planned to visit the site of the Battle of Flodden where the king was killed in 1513. The night before their visit, they experienced what they believed to be a traumatic flashback of being hacked to death by English spears during the battle, which led them to believe that they were a reincarnation of the king. Purportedly, they had experienced flashbacks of being killed on a battlefield by blades and staves since their early childhood -- the visions they experienced the night before and during their visit of the battlefield, according to her, were continuations of dreams they had always experienced and intuition they had always felt, e.g. they claim they always felt averted to England.
Around 1972 they published Falcon, an "autobiography" of the king under the name of "A.J. Stewart" (a combination of their married name and the king's). Although much of it reflected known historical facts about James IV, it also included some surprising new revelations about the events of the time, e.g. that James III of Scotland was a homosexual, and that James IV had built their warship the Great Michael to sail it up the River Thames and bombard the royal palaces in London.
This account received some attention in Scotland when it was published. Ada Kay appeared on BBC Scotland to discuss their claims: one historian who the BBC asked for their opinion said that the book repeated some popular misconceptions about the reign of James IV. Another historian has commented that "her 'autobiography' of the king is most safely read as a highly colourful and entertaining historical novel". The Scotsman'''s reviewer concluded that, if it had not been for the bizarre circumstances in which it was written, then it might have gained recognition as a minor addition to the genre pioneered by Robert Graves of works supposedly penned as a first-person account by an actual historical figure, but added that it was at its best where a woman's touch might be strongest. It has also been suggested that it may have been influenced by previously published accounts of the king's life, including Gentle Eagle by Christine Orr, R. L. Mackie's biography and Walter Scott's Marmion.
They later wrote an autobiography of their own 20th-century life, King's Memory (originally published as Died 1513 - Born 1929). It did not receive much attention, and The Scotsman's reviewer concluded that unlike Falcon'', there was little there to interest the general reader.
Scottish Society of Playwrights
Ada Kay was one of the founder members of the Scottish Society of Playwrights, after a meeting called by Hector MacMillan, Ena Lamont Stewart and John Hall in September 1973. They worked with Ian Brown and Hector MacMillan to draft its constitution which was adopted in November 1973.
References
Sources
British Film Institute: Spindrift (1959), an adaptation by Ada F. Kay of the original version by Naomi Mitchison, produced by BBC Scotland
brief article on them
Scottish Women Playwrights Against Zero Visibility, Ksenija Horvat
guide to their books as "A.J. Stewart"
1929 births
Living people
Writers from Lancashire
Reincarnation
Scottish dramatists and playwrights
Women autobiographers
Scottish women writers
British autobiographers
James IV of Scotland
Shah Mahalleh () may refer to:
Shah Mahalleh, Gilan
Shah Mahalleh, Mazandaran
Mihail Stanislavov Mihaylov () born on December 27, 1972, better known as Big Sha or by their previous name, Misho The Slap (), is a Bulgarian rapper from Varna, Bulgaria.  They are known for their socialist leanings and disapproval of Bulgaria's prime minister Boiko Borisov. One of the country's top rap artists in the 1990s and the early 2000s, their career has been waning ever since their partner, Ivan Glavchev (Vanko 1), was sentenced in 2003 to 12 years in prison for running an organization that exported Bulgarian prostitutes, including minors, to France, Spain, Belgium and Italy. They openly supported Bulgaria's last socialist-led government, whose decision to appoint a media tycoon known for their links to organized crime as head of the national security agency sparked nationwide protests against the Oresharski cabinet. They also provoked indignation by calling Bulgaria's former Finance Minister, Simeon Dyankov, "Jewish scum" in 2013. The following day they published an apology to the Jewish community in Bulgaria, on their official Facebook page.
Music career
Known as "the Hammer", after MC Hammer, they had a group called Hamburger 1 with which they caught some attention. But their success came with Gumeni Glavi (Rubber Heads) when their debut album sold over 120 000 copies in 1994 which is equal to a four times platinum certification from BAMP (Bulgarian Association of Music Producers). Their second album Second-Hand Tires didn't sell as well. After these two albums in 1997 Dj Dido D was introduced to the group and the albums that followed were instant classics in Bulgarian Hip Hop. The albums were called For More Money and For Even More Money. After their success, Gumeni Glavi performed over 200 concerts in Bulgaria but after disputes within the band they split up and Sha began their solo career.
Solo career
They reached solo success with the smash hit single, "Fenki, Fenki" ("Fans, Fans") which became infamous for its lyrics. The following album, Moi ("Mine") sold 90 000 units. After this success in 2002 Shamara and Vanko 1 started their own record label R&B Records, through which they released Goliamata Kombina (The Big Duo) which sold over 200 000 copies. Their protégés Konsa, 100 Kila, Benjamini and Loshite made numerous hits and so did Sha. In 2003 they released "Azbukata Na Jivota" ("The Alphabet Of Life") which was again on top of the Bulgarian Album Charts. In 2006 they released Obichai Blijnia, Bliji Obichania ("Love Those Close, And Lick Those Loved"), the album contained the hit tracks "Gnusnia Bradan" ("The Disgusting Beardman", a diss track against Spens), "Edin Den Se Napih" ("One Day I Got Drunk") featuring Konsa and Ogi Dog and "Boom Boom" featuring Mc Michael.
In 2007, Misho Shamara (literally Misho the Slap) changed their stage name to Big Sha, and founded a new label, Frontline Hustle, in association with Universal Music Bulgaria and Virginia Records.
In 2008 they released Hliab I Amfeti ("Bread and Amphetamines") which featured collaborations with U.S. rappers Crucial Conflict and Drag-On.
In 2009, they were featured on LiLana's song "Dime Piece" together with Snoop Dogg.
Discography
Solo
2002: Мой (Mine)
2003: Азбуката на живота (The Life Alphabet)
2006: Обичай ближния и ближи обичания (Love Close Ones And Lick Loved Ones)
2008: Bread and Amphetamines
With Vanko 1
2002: Голямата комбина (The Big Duo) with Vanko 1
Gumeni Glavi
1994: Квартал №41 (Neighborhood #41)
1995: Гуми втора употреба (Second-Hand Tires)
1996: Ремиксове '96 (Remixes '96)
1997: За повече пари (For More Money)
1998: За още повече пари (For Much More Money)
1998: Банда "Гумени Глави" (Rubber Heads Band)
1999: 2999
2001: The Best
2004: 10 години (10 Years)
References
Bulgarian rappers
1972 births
Living people
Musicians from Varna, Bulgaria
Big Brother (Bulgarian TV series) contestants
Dumbarton Bridge may refer to:
Dumbarton Bridge (California)
Dumbarton Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
Old Dumbarton Bridge, built in 1765 in Dumbarton, Scotland
KCOM Group (formerly known as Kingston Communications and latterly KC) is a UK communication and IT services provider. Its headquarters are in the city of Kingston upon Hull, a unitary authority in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire, and it serves local residents and businesses with Internet and telephony services. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange but is now privately owned by Macquarie Group.
For historical reasons, the Hull area has no BT landlines, and the vast majority of residents and most businesses in Hull, Cottingham and Beverley are served only with telecoms services by KCOM.
History
On 22 August 1902, Hull Corporation (which later became Hull City Council) was granted a licence under the Telegraph Act 1899 to operate a municipal telephone system in the Kingston upon Hull area, opening its first telephone exchange on 28 November 1904 at the former Trippett Street Baths.
At the time, there were a number of such municipal telephone companies around the UK, all of which – with the exception of the one in Hull – were gradually absorbed into the Post Office Telephone department, which later became British Telecom (BT). Hull's bid to renew its licence in 1914 was made conditional on the £192,000 purchase of the National Telephone Company infrastructure in the city. The council gave its approval, securing the future of the country's only remaining municipally owned telephone corporation.
The first Rotary automatic exchange opened in 1922, and from 1934 Strowger exchanges were installed. Rotary and Strowger exchanges were operated to 1975 and 1988 respectively, and two Crossbar exchanges to 1989, when the network became fully digital.
Hull has therefore remained an exception within the UK telephone network, being the only place in the UK not served by BT and is noted for its distinctive cream coloured telephone boxes and innovative services, for example becoming the UK's first fully digital network in 1989, using Marconi System X telephone switches (Central Offices or Class 5 switches).
The company was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1999.
In the early part of the new millennium, the company started to pioneer services such as ADSL, Video on Demand and Digital TV. In February 2006, it announced that it would be ceasing its Video on Demand and Digital TV services (called Kingston Interactive TV – KIT) on 1 April 2006.
In 2007, Kingston Communications changed its name to KCOM Group.
In 2014, new Ofcom rules required all providers to offer broadband and phone bundles together, to offer better value to customers. Karoo's cheapest bundle was £29.99 per month. On 4 April 2016, KCOM Group PLC moved all of its brand under a single KCOM brand name. KCOM was acquired by MEIF 6 Fibre Ltd, a business unit of Macquarie Group, in August 2019.
Operations
KCOM provides ADSL, VDSL and fibre to the home (FTTH) broadband internet and telephone service in Hull and surrounding areas. The company only provide broadband services to customers with a KCOM residential telephone line. KCOM formerly provided these services under the Karoo and later KC brands, until it adopted the group name across its entire business in 2016. KCOM also provides business broadband services through its Eclipse Internet subsidiary.
In September 2011, the company began a six-month trial of a 100 Mbit/s service in the East Riding of Yorkshire village of Woodmansey. Around 300 homes were involved in the trial. The trial was part of a plan to roll out increased speeds to more than 15,000 homes across the East Riding of Yorkshire. The service is now available for up to 45,000 properties with a further 60,000, bringing the total fibre network to 105,000 properties by 2017.
KCOM's fibre to the premises product, Lightstream, requires a new fibre-optic cable be laid to each premise that is terminated inside the home in an optical network terminal (ONT). A router is then plugged into the ONT to distribute the service throughout the home. As of April 2015, the service offered software limited speeds of up to 250Mbit/s downstream bandwidth. Due to delivery being FTTH greater speeds are a formality and fuelled by market expectation and not network restriction.
This led to Hull gaining a reputation for being a so-called digital city, a reputation which still holds true with Hull being in the top 16 digital clusters in the UK according to Tech City's Tech Nation report.
The company has been rolling out FTTH service across its footprint, and expects to have completed the rollout to 97% of the company's network by March 2019. The FTTH offering provides 400 Mbit/s service to residential customers and 1 Gbit/s service to business customers, with the remaining 4% of customers able to receive 75 Mbit/s VDSL2 service.
In October 2019, Hull became the first UK city to have full fibre broadband available for all residents.
Monopoly concerns
As residents and most businesses in Hull are served only with telecoms services by KCOM, there have been complaints around internet service provision; KCOM's broadband service is the only fixed-line residential broadband operator in the Hull area. According to a decision from the European Commission in 2004, KCOM Group held a 100% market share in the wholesale market of broadband services in the Hull area.
In December 2005, Giacom, the owner of Hull24 – a rival broadband provider in the Hull area – complained to Ofcom regarding the provision of network access to KC's rivals. The complaint was that "Giacom alleges that Kingston is not providing [network] access on reasonable terms as Kingston's pricing is anti-competitive and prohibitive to service providers [other than KC]". In April 2006 Giacom and KC resumed negotiations on a deal to allow Hull24 to use KC's network; as a result Giacom withdrew its complaint and Ofcom closed the case.
In August 2007 the alleged monopoly of KC was referred to the European Commission by Yorkshire and Humber MEP Diana Wallis.
In May 2008 the "Review of the wholesale broadband access markets" report published by Ofcom determined that KC was not acting in a way that would keep out rival companies, and that pricing for wholesale broadband and access to local-loop unbundling was within the market range. The main reason cited by rivals for not providing services in the Hull area was rather one of overall cost effectiveness, given the relatively small number of potential customers (190,000 homes), and the fact that many of these would be likely to remain with the incumbent supplier.
In July 2009, Nexus Telecoms signed an agreement with KC enabling them to offer effective wholesale line rental and call tariffs to business consumers within the Hull area so giving them a choice of service provider. But, Nexus only provide broadband service to businesses, several other providers offering wireless internet access via WIMAX links have set up and have taken some of KC's customers including Pure Broadband and Connexin both local independent companies.
Sponsorships
From 2002 to 2021 KCOM held the naming rights to the MKM Stadium, which hosts game played by Hull City A.F.C. and the Hull F.C. rugby league team. The stadium is owned by Hull City Council.
From 2014 to 2019 KCOM also held the naming rights to Craven Park, where the Hull Kingston Rovers rugby league team play their games.
See also
Telephone numbers in the United Kingdom
List of dialling codes in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Corporate website
British brands
KCOM Group brands
Companies based in Kingston upon Hull
Telecommunication companies of the United Kingdom
Internet service providers of the United Kingdom
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
Streaming television
Telecommunications monopolies
British companies established in 1999
Telecommunication companies established in 1999
Research Papers in Economics (RePEc) is a collaborative effort of hundreds of volunteers in many countries to enhance the dissemination of research in economics. The heart of the project is a decentralized database of working papers, preprints, journal articles, and software components. The project started in 1997. Its precursor NetEc dates back to 1993.
Overview
Sponsored by the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis and using its IDEAS database, RePEc provides links to over 1,200,000 full-text articles. Most contributions are freely downloadable, but copyright remains with the author or copyright holder. It is among the largest internet repositories of academic material in the world.
Materials to RePEc can be added through a department or institutional archive or, if no institutional archive is available, through the Munich Personal RePEc Archive. Institutions are welcome to join and contribute their materials by establishing and maintaining their own RePEc archive.
Leading publishers, such as Elsevier and Springer, have their economics material listed in RePEc. RePEc collaborates with the American Economic Association's EconLit database to provide content from leading universities' working paper or preprint series to EconLit. Over 1500 journals and over 3300 working paper series have registered, for a total of over 1.2 million articles, the majority of which are online.
The information in the database is used to rank the more than 50,000 registered economists. Andrei Shleifer is currently the highest-ranked economist, followed by Joseph Stiglitz and James Heckman. The economics department of Harvard University is ranked first, followed by the World Bank and the University of Chicago. Massachusetts is the top region, followed by the United Kingdom and California. There are also rankings by country and sub-discipline.
RePEc also indexes worldwide economics institutions through its Economic Departments, Institutes and Research Centers in the World (EDIRC) database.
RePEc promotes open-access journals and also benefits from open access for its own citation analysis efforts.
Since 2018, RePEc has used NamSor gender classifier to estimate female representation in Economics. As of February 2021, 15894 of 61488 economists are female, or a proportion of 25.8%.
See also
List of academic databases and search engines
Social Science Research Network
References
Further reading
External links
Eprint archives
Open-access archives
Projects established in 1997
Economics websites
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Economics research
Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis data services
Citation indices
The Billboard Regional Mexican Songs chart ranks the best-performing Regional Mexican singles in the United States. Published weekly by Billboard magazine, it ranks the "most popular regional Mexican songs, ranked by radio airplay audience impressions as measured by Nielsen Music."
Chart history
References
United States Regional Mexican Songs
2019 in Mexican music
Regional Mexican 2019
Otto Stowe (born February 25, 1949 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former American football wide receiver who played four seasons in the NFL for the Denver Broncos, Dallas Cowboys, and Miami Dolphins. They played college football at Iowa State University.
Early years
At Feitshans High School they were an All-state selection in both football and basketball. They went on to play basketball at Iowa State University, before focusing on football after their sophomore season and proceeding to lead the team in receiving for 3 consecutive years. They began as a defensive back before being switched to wide receiver.
As a senior in 1970, they had the most prolific receiving season in school history up to that point, breaking single-season school records in receptions (59), receiving yards (822) and touchdowns (6). They also led the Big Eight in all three categories and ranked 13th nationally in receiving, earning first-team all-Big Eight honors. Their 59 catches ranks fifth all-time and their 822 receiving yards seventh all-time in school history for a season. They finished their career as Iowa State University all-time leader in receptions (132) and receiving yards (1,751), and second in career touchdowns (10). They still rank third in career receptions and fifth in receiving yards.
In 2008, they were inducted into the Iowa State University Athletics Hall of Fame.
Professional career
Miami Dolphins
Stowe was selected by the Miami Dolphins in the second round (47th overall) of the 1971 NFL Draft. As a rookie, they were the backup to Paul Warfield, catching 5 passes for 68 yards and 1 touchdown. They again saw limited action in their second season, with 13 receptions, 276 yards and 2 touchdowns). Six of the receptions for 140 yards and both touchdowns came in a single Monday Night Football game against the St. Louis Cardinals while replacing an injured Warfield. Despite winning a Super Bowl, they requested to be traded after the season.
On May 10, 1973, they were traded to the Dallas Cowboys in exchange for wide receiver Ron Sellers and a second round draft choice (#47-Benny Malone). They played on two Super Bowl teams, including the undefeated 1972 Miami Dolphins.
Dallas Cowboys
In 1973, they were having a Pro Bowl type season starting opposite to Bob Hayes, but suffered a broken ankle in the seventh game against the Philadelphia Eagles, that placed them on the injured reserve list and would hamper them for the rest of their career. They were replaced with rookie Drew Pearson for the rest of the season, but still led the team with 6 touchdown receptions and was second in receiving with 389 yards.
Even though they were starting for the Cowboys, they aren't happy with their contract, so they were traded to the Denver Broncos for a third round draft choice (#75-John Smith) on September 5, 1974.
Denver Broncos
In 1974, they had a disappointing season after not being fully recovered from their previous injury which limited their mobility. They appeared in 8 games, while registering 2 receptions for 9 yards and one touchdown. On May 6, 1975, they were traded along with a sixth round draft choice (#156-Art Best) to the Los Angeles Rams, as compensation for signing free agent Phil Olsen.
Los Angeles Rams
On August 18, Stowe informed the Los Angeles Rams of their decision to retire before the start of the 1975 season. They finished their career after only four seasons, registering 43 receptions, 742 yards, and 10 touchdowns.
Personal life
In 1976, they were a college football graduate assistant at Washington State University. The next year, they became the wide receivers coach at the University of Pittsburgh.
References
External links
Iowa State Athletics Hall of Fame bio
1949 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chicago
Players of American football from Chicago
American football wide receivers
Iowa State Cyclones football players
Miami Dolphins players
Dallas Cowboys players
Denver Broncos players
Pittsburgh Panthers football coaches
Washington State Cougars football coaches
Shib (, also Romanized as Shīb; also known as Deh Shīb and Deh Sab) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 41 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Omar-Sharif Cook (; born January 28, 1982) is an American-Montenegrin former professional basketball player. They represented Montenegro internationally. Prior to entering the draft they were considered a top 10 overall prospect by several NBA scouts.
Amateur career
Cook played high school basketball at Christ The King Regional High School, and then played college basketball at St. John's University. Cook ranked second in the nation and first in the Big East in assists during the one year they spent at St. John's. They also broke Mark Jackson's record for the most assists in a game for a St. John's player with 17, against Stony Brook University.
Professional career
Cook was drafted by the Orlando Magic of the NBA as the third pick in the second round (31st overall) of the 2001 NBA Draft. They were immediately traded to the Denver Nuggets, but failed to make the team, reportedly because of their inability to shoot the ball effectively. From 2001 to 2004, Cook made some pre-season appearances for teams in the league, also managing 22 regular season games played (17 with the Portland Trail Blazers in the 2003–04 season and five with the Toronto Raptors in the 2004–05 season). In July 2005, they were drafted by the AAPBL, but the league folded less than two weeks after the draft.
They also briefly led the NBA D-League in steals and assists in the 2004–05 season, while playing with the Fayetteville Patriots. Cook's final NBA game was played on April 20th, 2005 in a 104 - 95 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers. In their final game, Cook recorded 19 points, 9 assists, 2 rebounds, 2 steals and 1 block.
During the 2005–06 season, Cook played in the Belgian league with Dexia Mons-Hainaut. The following year, they played with two teams, the French Pro A club SIG Strasbourg and the Russian Super League club Samara. In the 2007–08 season, they played with the Adriatic League club Crvena zvezda. They had the best season of their career with Crvena zvezda, where they were one of the team leaders.
On June 26, 2008, they joined the Spanish league's Unicaja, signing with the club for two seasons. In 2010, they signed a two-year deal with Spanish basketball club Power Electronics Valencia.
In 2011, they signed a two-year deal with Italian team Armani Jeans Milano. In December 2012, after Milano was eliminated from the Euroleague, Cook signed with Caja Laboral until the end of the season.
On August 6, 2013, Cook signed with Lietuvos rytas of Lithuania for the 2013–14 season.
On September 30, 2014, Cook signed a two-month deal with Budućnost Podgorica of Montenegro. On November 14, 2014, they extended their contract with Budućnost for the rest of the season. On August 15, 2015, they re-signed with Budućnost for one more season.
On August 20, 2016, Cook signed with Spanish club Estudiantes for the 2016–17 season. On July 17, 2019, Cook signed a one-plus-one deal with Herbalife Gran Canaria.
On July 24, 2020, they have signed with San Pablo Burgos of the Liga ACB.
On July 15, 2021, they have signed with Casademont Zaragoza of the Liga ACB.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2003–04
| style="text-align:left;"| Portland
| 17 || 0 || 8.2 || .259 || .000 || .000 || .4 || 1.4 || .6 || .0 || .8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2004–05
| style="text-align:left;"| Toronto
| 5 || 0 || 14.8 || .417 || .000 || .500 || 1.4 || 4.4 || 1.2 || .2 || 4.6
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 22 || 0 || 9.7 || .333 || .000 || .500 || .6 || 2.1 || .7 || .0 || 1.7
Source
Montenegrin national team
In May 2008, Cook received Montenegrin citizenship, thus applying to represent Montenegro's national basketball team.
References
External links
Omar Cook at aba-liga.com
Omar Cook at acb.com
Omar Cook at eurobasket.com
Omar Cook at euroleague.net
1982 births
Living people
Montenegrin men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
American emigrants to Montenegro
ABA League players
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Serbia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
Baloncesto Málaga players
Basketball players from New York City
BC Rytas players
BC Samara players
Belfius Mons-Hainaut players
CB Estudiantes players
CB Gran Canaria players
CB Miraflores players
Fayetteville Patriots players
KK Budućnost players
KK Crvena zvezda players
Liga ACB players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Montenegrin expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Montenegrin expatriate basketball people in Spain
Montenegrin people of African-American descent
Naturalized citizens of Montenegro
Olimpia Milano players
Orlando Magic draft picks
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Point guards
Portland Trail Blazers players
Saski Baskonia players
SIG Basket players
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
St. John's Red Storm men's basketball players
Toronto Raptors players
Valencia Basket players
Wang Huapeng (; born 5 August 1999) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a right-back for Chongqing Liangjiang.
Club career
Wang Huapeng was promoted to the senior team of Guangzhou R&F within the 2020 Chinese Super League season and would make their debut in a league game on 16 August 2020 against Dalian Professional F.C. in a 1-0 victory.
Career statistics
References
External links
Wang Huapeng at Worldfootball.net
1999 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
China youth international footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Chinese Super League players
Zhejiang Professional F.C. players
Real Sociedad footballers
Guangzhou City F.C. players
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
A list of films produced by the Bollywood film industry based in Mumbai in 1924:
1924 in Indian cinema
Master Vithal made their debut as a dancing girl in Kalyan Khajina also called The Treasures of Khajina, directed by Baburao Painter.
Khalil, termed as the "First Star" made their debut as a hero in Gul-E-Bakavali. They played a supporting role in the film Kala Naag.
Films
Bismi Sadi also called 20th Century is cited as the start of melodrama films. It was directed by Homi Master and was the story of a hawker turned into a ruthless mill-owner.
Gul-E-Bakavali was directed by Kanjibhai Rathod for Dwarkadas Sampat's Kohinoor Film Company banner. Made as a fantasy, the film was a big success breaking records and running in theatres for fourteen weeks.
Kala Naag is a 1924 silent action thriller film directed by Kanjibhai Rathod and assisted by Homi Master. Produced under the Kohinoor Co, Bombay, it was the first "recorded example" with real-life characters based on the Champsi-Haridas Murder case in Bombay. The film aimed at a "pan-Indian" audience was a commercial success. Homi Master played the lead role.
Poona Raided was directed by B. V. Warerkar. The film is acclaimed as one of Mama Warerkar's finest directorial ventures. The historical was based on the 17th century Maratha Emperor Shivaji's resistance and counter-attack following the raid on Poona by Aurangzeb. The film was also the debut of Sundarrao Nadkarni, in a small role.
Prithvi Vallabh directed by Homi Master was based on K. M. Munshi's Gujarati novel Prithivivallabh. The film was a success at the box-office and was "widely acclaimed".
Kalyan Khajina directed by Baburao Painter was a historical adventure movie based on the heroic actions of the 17th Century Maratha emperor Shivaji.
Sati Padmini directed by Baburao Painter was about the Rajput queen Padmini of Chittor. The film received favourable reviews in the British Press when it was released at the British Empire exhibition at Wembley.
Sati Sardarba was directed by Nanubhai Desai for their newly launched Saraswati Film Company banner. It starred Fatma Begum with Sultana and Zubeida and is stated to have become a big success commercially.
A-J
K-R
S-Z
References
External links
Bollywood films of 1924 at IMDb
1924
Bollywood
Films, Bollywood
Francis Godolphin is the name of:
Sir Francis Godolphin (1540–1608), governor of the Isles of Scilly, builder of Star Castle
Sir Francis Godolphin (died about 1640), younger son of the above, MP for St Ives and Cornwall
Francis Godolphin (died 1652) of Treveneage, MP for St Ives
Sir Francis Godolphin (1605–1667) of Godolphin, MP for Helston, dedicatee of Hobbes' Leviathan
Francis Godolphin (died 1675), Auditor of the imprests in 1674
Francis Godolphin, 2nd Earl of Godolphin (1678–1766), British politician
Francis Godolphin, 2nd Baron Godolphin (1706–1785), British politician
Francis Osborne, 1st Baron Godolphin (1777–1850), British politician
The rufous-tailed foliage-gleaner (Anabacerthia ruficaudata) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
rufous-tailed foliage-gleaner
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
rufous-tailed foliage-gleaner
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Jaya Group of Colleges () consists of more than 20 education institutions including two higher secondary schools and seven professional course institutions in the suburbs of Thiruninravur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. The colleges are run by a trust named Jaya Education Trust. The trust was founded in 1977 and expanded into a chain of minority run establishments. The school caters to the needs of students in and around Thiruninravur, a majority of whom are socially and economically disadvantaged.
Institutions
The campuses of the group include:
SVS Medical, Dental & Nursing College
Ragas Dental College & Gen.Hospital
Jaya Engineering College
Jaya College of Engineering & Technology
Jaya Institute of Technology
Jaya Sakthi Engineering College
Jaya College of Arts & Science
Jaya - Arakkonam Arts & Science
Jaya College of Education
Jaya Polytechnic College
Ragas School of Nursing
Jaya College of Pharmacy
National College of Pharmacy
Jaya College of Physiotheraphy
Balalok Matriculation Hr. Sec. School
Jaya Matriculation Hr. Sec. School
Sri Sathya Sai Matriculation School
Jaya Public School
Courses
The group offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Electronics and Communications, EEE, Information Technology, Computing, Engineering, Textile technology, Biotechnology, Dentistry, Pharmacy, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Mathematics, Commerce and Business studies. PhD research course is also offered for Dentistry in Ragas Dental College campus.
International connections
The group was the first international chapter of the Sigma Iota Epsilon (SIE) outside the United States.
The group has a MoU with Korea's oldest University, Chonbuk National University, which includes collaborative teaching, training and student exchanges. A similar MoU exists with Danish Koge Business School.
References
External links
Universities and colleges in Chennai
Colleges affiliated to University of Madras
Minyichthys brachyrhinus is a species of marine fish belonging to the family Syngnathidae.
Geography
They can be found in the coastal waters of Indonesia, Sumatra, the Philippines, Fiji, and Hawaii, though little is known about their preferred habitat in these areas.
Diet
Their diet likely consists of small crustaceans such as copepods, amphipods, and mysid shrimps.
Reproduction
Reproduction occurs through ovoviviparity in which the males brood eggs before giving live birth.
References
External links
Minyichthys brachyrhinus at FishBase
Syngnathidae
Fish described in 1953
Torlak is a group of dialects of South Slavic (Balkan) languages. Torlak may also refer to:
Torlak (Belgrade), a neighborhood of Belgrade
FK Torlak, Serbian football club based in Belgrade
Emina Torlak, American computer scientist
Nera Torlak, Croatian beauty pageant contestant
Sedin Torlak, Bosnian footballer and football manager
Torlak Kemal (died 1419), leader in a revolt against the Ottoman Empire
Emanation may refer to:
Emanation (), a dated name for the chemical element radon
Emanation From Below, a concept in Slavic religion
Emanation in the Eastern Orthodox Church, a belief found in Neoplatonism
Emanation of the state, a legal term for a public service body
Emanationism, an idea in the cosmology or cosmogony of certain religious or philosophical systems
"Emanations" (Star Trek: Voyager), a 1995 episode of Star Trek: Voyager
Emanations (Penderecki), a 1958 composition by Krzysztof Penderecki
See also
Aeon (Gnosticism)
Emanate, a 1999 album by Penumbra
CKWB-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 97.9 FM in Westlock, Alberta. The station also serves the Barrhead area. The station currently airs a country format branded on-air as Real Country 97.9 and was owned by Newcap Radio until they were bought out by Stingray Group.
History
It's uncertain when the station signed on as CFOK, however, the station dates back to the 1971 as a rebroadcaster of CKBA-FM.
Over the years, the station has gone through different brandings, formats and ownerships.
Move to FM
On October 8, 2009, CFOK applied to convert to 97.9 MHz. The station received CRTC approval on February 19, 2010.
In August 2011, CFOK began testing on their new frequency at 97.9 MHz. After the official launch of the new station on 97.9 FM, the station's call sign would be CKWB-FM.
On September 6, 2011, at 6:00 am MDT, CFOK dropped its classic hits format and made its official move to 97.9 MHz as 97.9 The Range with its new call sign CKWB-FM and a country format. CFOK's old AM transmitter was shut down.
In November 2016, CKWB rebranded under the Real Country brand, as with other Newcap-owned country stations in Alberta.
References
External links
(Current frequency)
(Old frequency)
KWB
KWB
KWB
Westlock County
Radio stations established in 2011
2011 establishments in Alberta
Gameknight999 is a series of novels written by Mark Cheverton, a southern California-based author, and published from 2013 to 2017. The story is set in the world of the Minecraft sandbox video game. The second novel of the series was listed in the Publishers Weekly bestseller list in November 2014.
Plot
The series describes adventures of the protagonist with the user name "Gameknight999", who finds themselves teleported by one of their father's inventions into the world of the Minecraft video game. Gameknight discovers that the creatures in the game are alive and it isn't a game to them. Gameknight experiences real-life adventures and actual danger with life-or-death consequences while stuck in the Minecraft digital universe.
Most of the novels feature Herobrine as the main antagonist, who is an urban legend and creepypasta that originated as a hoax propagated by an anonymous post on the English-language imageboard website 4chan.
From 2014 to 2017, a total of six trilogies featuring Gameknight999 were published.
Minecraft series #1 – Gameknight999
Invasion of the Overworld
Battle for the Nether (Publishers Weekly bestseller)
Confronting the Dragon
Minecraft Series #2 – Mystery of Herobrine
Trouble in Zombie-Town
The Jungle Temple Oracle
Last Stand on the Ocean Shore
Minecraft Series #3 – Herobrine Reborn
Saving Crafter
Destruction of the Overworld
Gameknight999 vs Herobrine
Minecraft Series #4 – Herobrine's Revenge
Phantom Virus
Overworld in Flames
System Overload
Minecraft Series #5 – Birth of Herobrine
The Great Zombie Invasion
Attack of the Shadow-Crafters
Herobrine's War
Minecraft Series #6 – Mystery of Entity303
Terrors of the Forest
Monsters in the Mist
Mission to the Moon
Background
Cheverton says they originally wrote the first book of the Gameknight999 series, Invasion of the Overworld, to teach their son about cyberbullying.
Publication history
Along with Cheverton's other books, the GameKnight999 series is published by Skyhorse Publishing under the Sky Pony Press imprint, and distributed by Simon & Schuster. The publisher distributes all of Cheverton's novels as well as four box sets.
Reception
This Gameknight999 series (in particular the second novel Battle for the Nether) was listed in the Publishers Weekly bestseller list in November 2014. Battle for the Nether was listed for one week in the New York Times children's series bestseller list in February 2015. According to Cheverton's website, the series has been published in 32 countries and translated into 22 languages.
In reviewing the first novel, online magazine Brutal Gamer wrote that "the story stays pretty true to the Minecraft experience. ... Whether you're trying to pry your Minecraft addict away from the screen for a little while, or just looking for an interesting new choice for summer reading time, Invasion of the Overworld is sure to be a hit with the 8-11 year old set."
A review in The Guardian said of Battle of the Nether, "If you play Minecraft then you will love this and if you don't play it, then this is a great way to get you started on the fun!"
References
Book series introduced in 2014
Series of children's books
Fan fiction works
Characters in children's literature
Minecraft in popular culture
Books about video games
Pianoforte is a 1984 Italian drama film. It is the debut film of director Francesca Comencini. Pianoforte won the "De Sica" award at the 1984 Venice Film Festival.
For their performance Giulia Boschi, at their film debut, was awarded as best actor at the Rio de Janeiro Film Festival and won a Silver Ribbon for best new actor.
Cast
Giulia Boschi: Maria
François : Paolo
Giovannella Grifeo: Alessandra
Karl Zinny: Robertino
Marie-Christine Barrault: Maria's mother
References
External links
1984 films
Italian drama films
Films about drugs
Films scored by Guido & Maurizio De Angelis
Films directed by Francesca Comencini
Films with screenplays by Vincenzo Cerami
1984 directorial debut films
1980s Italian-language films
1980s Italian films
ZG80 is a 2016 Croatian action-adventure film directed by Igor Šeregi and a prequel to Metastases (film). It is a dramatisation of the clashes at the 1989 derby between the supporters of Dinamo Zagreb and Red Star Belgrade.
The film stars Rene Bitorajac returning as Krpa along with Marko Janketić, Filip Detelić, Igor Hamer and many others.
Cast
Rene Bitorajac - Krpa
Matija Kačan - Filip
Marko Cindrić - Kizo
Filip Detelić - Buba
Marko Janketić - Dejo
Domagoj Mrkonjić - Žuti
Nikola Rakočević - Peđa
Miloš Timotijević - Rile
Mijo Jurišić - Ićo
Mario Petrekovic - Zlatkec
Igor Hamer - Roko
References
External links
2016 action films
Films set in Croatia
Films set in Serbia
Films set in Belgrade
Films set in Yugoslavia
Croatian action films
Films set in 1989
Films shot in Belgrade
2010s Serbian-language films
2010s Croatian-language films
2016 multilingual films
Croatian multilingual films
Mbongo is the common ancestor of the Sawa peoples of Cameroon according to their oral traditions.
Mbongo may also refer to:
People
Mbedi a Mbongo, son of Mbongo
Guy M'Bongo (born 1968), basketball player from the Central African Republic
Paul Mbongo (born 1971), Cameroonian boxer
Places
Mbongo, Angola, a town in southwest Africa
Mobayi-Mbongo, formerly known as Banzyville or Banzystad, a town in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Other uses
OC Mbongo Sport, a football club in the Democratic Republic of Congo
See also
Bongo (disambiguation)
McDonough syndrome, also known as Mental retardation, peculiar facies, kyphoscoliosis, diastasis recti, cryptorchidism, and congenital heart defect is a very rare multi-systemic genetic disorder which is characterized by facial dysmorphisms, psychomotor delays, intellectual disabilities, and congenital heart defects. Additional findings include either pectus excavatum or pectus carinatum, kyphoscoliosis, diastasis recti and cryptorchidism.
Signs and symptoms
The following is a list of the symptoms individuals with this disorder usually exhibit:
Superciliary arc prominence
Unibrow (clinically known as synophrys)
Strabismus
Large ears with anteversion
Large nose
Teeth malocclusion
Psychomotor delay
Intellectual disabilities
Pulmonic stenosis
Patent ductus arteriosus
Atrial septal defect
Less common symptoms include chest defects, kyphoscoliosis, diastasis recti ane cryptorchidism
Cases
6 cases have been reported in medical literature:
Gerhard Neuhäuser and John M. Opitz describes 3 out of 5 siblings from a 2-generation non-consanguineous family from Wisconsin with the symptoms mentioned above. These kids had IQs ranging from 47 to 67, which is considered clinical mental retardation. The youngest affected sibling had two X chromosomes and one Y chromosome and their father had te mosaic version of said disorder (46,XY/47,XXY). 1975
Garcia-Sagredo et al. describes 2 out of 3 siblings from a Spanish family. They had both the symptoms and the additional findings listed above in the article. One (male) of the children and their unaffected mother carried a balanced translocation on the 20th chromosome and the X chromosome. 1984
Parul Jain, Ritu Arora, Abhilasha Sanoria, Akshay K Singh described 1 out of 3 siblings from a 2-generation family from New Delhi, India: an 11 year old boy with the symptoms mentioned above and blepharoptosis with low visual acuity. 2022
References
Syndromes affecting the heart
Syndromes with intellectual disability
Syndromes with craniofacial abnormalities
Rare genetic syndromes
Values scales are psychological inventories used to determine the values that people endorse in their lives. They facilitate the understanding of both work and general values that individuals uphold. In addition, they assess the importance of each value in people's lives and how the individual strives toward fulfillment through work and other life roles, such as parenting.<ref name="SuperDonald">Super, Donald and Dorothy D. Nevill. "Brief Description of Purpose and Nature of Test." Consulting Psychologists Press'.' 1989: 3-10. Print.</ref> Most scales have been normalized and can therefore be used cross-culturally for vocational, marketing, and counseling purposes, yielding unbiased results. Psychologists, political scientists, economists, and others interested in defining values, use values scales to determine what people value, and to evaluate the ultimate function or purpose of values.
Development
Values scales were first developed by an international group of psychologists whose goal was to create a unique self-report instrument that measured intrinsic and extrinsic values for use in the lab and in the clinic. The psychologists called their project the Work Importance Study (WIS). The original values scale measured the following values, listed in alphabetical order: ability utilization, achievement, advancement, aesthetics, altruism, authority, autonomy, creativity, cultural identity, economic rewards, economic security, lifestyle, personal development, physical activity, physical prowess, prestige, risk, social interaction, social relations, variety, and working conditions. Some of the listed values were intended to be inter-related, but conceptually differentiable.
Since the original Work Importance Study, several scientists have supplemented the study by creating their own scale or by deriving and improving the original format. Theorists and psychologists often study values, values scales, and the field surrounding values, otherwise known as axiology. New studies have even been published recently, updating the work in the field. Dr. Eda Gurel-Atay published an article in the Journal of Advertising Research in March 2010, providing a glimpse into how social values have changed between 1976 and 2007. The paper explained how “self-respect” has been on the upswing, while “a sense of belonging” has become less important to individuals.
Rokeach
According to social psychologist Milton Rokeach, human values are defined as “core conceptions of the desirable within every individual and society. They serve as standards or criteria to guide not only action but also judgment, choice, attitude, evaluation, argument, exhortation, rationalization, and…attribution of causality.” In their 1973 publication, Rokeach also stated that the consequences of human values would be manifested in all phenomena that social scientists might consider worth investigating. In order for any type of research to be successful, regardless of the field of study, people's underlying values needed to be understood. To allow for this, Rokeach created the Rokeach Value Survey (RVS), which has been in use for more than 30 years. It provides a theoretical perspective on the nature of values in a cognitive framework and consists of two sets of values – 18 instrumental and 18 terminal. Instrumental values are beliefs or conceptions about desirable modes of behavior that are instrumental to the attainment of desirable end points, such as honesty, responsibility, and capability. Terminal values are beliefs or conceptions about ultimate goals of existence that are worth surviving for, such as happiness, self-respect, and freedom. The value survey asks subjects to rank the values in order of importance to them. The actual directions are as follows: “Rank each value in its order of importance to you. Study the list and think of how much each value may act as a guiding principle in your life.”
The Rokeach Value Survey has been criticized because people are often not able to rank each value clearly. Some values may be equally important, while some values may be equally unimportant, and so on. Presumably, people are more certain of their most extreme values (i.e. what they love and what they hate) and are not so certain of the ones “in between.” Further, C.J. Clawson and Donald E. Vinson showed that the Rokeach Value Survey omitted a number of values that a large portion of the population holds.
Schwartz
Shalom H. Schwartz, social psychologist and author of The Structure of Human Values: Origins and Implications and Theory of Basic Human Values, has done research on universal values and how they exist in a wide variety of contexts. Most of their work addressed broad questions about values, such as: how are individuals' priorities affected by social experiences? How do individuals' priorities influence their behavior and choices? And, how do value priorities influence ideologies, attitudes, and actions in political, religious, environmental, and other domains? Through their studies, Schwartz concluded that ten types of universal values exist: achievement, benevolence, conformity, hedonism, power, security, self-direction, stimulation, tradition, and universalism. Schwartz also tested the possibility of spirituality as an eleventh universal value, but found that it did not exist in all cultures. Schwartz's value theory and instruments are part of the biennial European Social Survey.
Allport-Vernon-Lindzey
Gordon Allport, a student of American philosopher and psychologist Eduard Spranger, believed that an individual's philosophy is founded upon the values or basic convictions that a person holds about what is and is not important in life. Based on Spranger's (1928) view that understanding the individual's value philosophy best captures the essence of a person, Allport and their colleagues, Vernon and Lindzey, created the Allport-Vernon-Lindzey Study of Values. The values scale outlined six major value types: theoretical (discovery of truth), economic (what is most useful), aesthetic (form, beauty, and harmony), social (seeking love of people), political (power), and religious (unity). Forty years after the study's publishing in 1960, it was the third most-cited non-projective personality measure.
By 1980, the values scale had fallen into disuse due to its archaic content, lack of religious inclusiveness, and dated language. Richard E. Kopelman, et al., recently updated the Allport-Vernon-Lindzey Study of Values. The motivation behind their update was to make the value scale more relevant to today; they believed that the writing was too dated. The updated, copyrighted version was published in Elsevier Science in 2003. Today, permission is required for use. (volume 62)
Hartman
Philosopher Robert S. Hartman, creator of the Science of Value, introduced and identified the concept of systematic values, which they believed were an important addition to the previously studied intrinsic and extrinsic values. They also made an illuminating distinction between what people value and how people value. How people value parallels very closely with systematic values, which Hartman operationally defined as conceptual constructs or cognitive scripts that exist in people's minds. Ideals, norms, standards, rules, doctrines, and logic systems are all examples of systematic values. If someone's cognitive script is repetitively about violent actions, for instance, then that person is more likely to act vengefully and less likely to value peace. With that additional idea in mind, Harman combined intrinsic, extrinsic, and systematic concepts to create the Hartman Value Profile, also known as the Hartman Value Inventory. The profile consists of two parts. Each part contains 18 paired value-combination items, where nine of these items are positive and nine are negative. The three different types of values, intrinsic, extrinsic, and systematic, can be combined positively or negatively with one another in 18 logically possible ways. Depending on the combination, a certain value is either enhanced or diminished. Once the rankings are completed, the outcome is then compared to the theoretical norm, generating scores for psychological interpretation.
Applications to psychology
Research surrounding understanding values serves as a framework for ideas in many other situations, such as counseling. Psychotherapists, behavioral scientists, and social scientists often deal with intrinsic, extrinsic, and systematic values of their patients. A primary way to learn about patients is to know what they value, as values are essential keys to personality structures. This knowledge can pinpoint serious problems in living, aide immensely in planning therapeutic regimens, and measure therapeutic progress with applications of values scales over time, especially as social environments and social norms change.
Applications to business and marketing
Values are important in the construction of personal morality and as a basis for living life. Recent literature suggests that social values are reflected in a large variety of advertisements and can influence audience reactions to advertising appeals. When a choice is tied to a value, that choice then becomes more attractive to people who share that value. Means-end chain analyses often find that consumers select products with attributes that deliver consequences, which in turn contribute to value fulfillment. In short, people's values resonate in and are observable throughout their daily lives. An example, presented in the Journal of Advertising Research'' by Eda Gurel-Atay, is coffee. People who endorse fun and enjoyment in life may want a cup of coffee for its rich, pleasant taste. Meanwhile, people who value a sense of accomplishment may rather use coffee as a mild stimulant. People who value warm, loving relationships with others may want a cup of coffee to share in a social manner. Perspective and personal beliefs greatly influence behavior.
Clawson and Vinson (1978) further elaborated on this idea by explaining how values are one of the most powerful explanations of, and influences on, consumer behavior. Values scales are helpful in understanding several aspects of consumption areas and consumer behavior, including leisure, media, and gift giving. People who endorse certain values more highly than others engage in certain activities, prefer certain programs or magazines, or give gifts differently from others. Value scales and the study of values could also be of interest to companies who are looking to build or strengthen their customer relationship management.
References
Applied psychology
Market research
Axiology
Psychological testing
Sociological terminology
A gum lift (also known as gingivectomy) is a cosmetic dental procedure that raises and sculpts the gum line. This procedure involves reshaping the tissue and/or underlying bones to create the appearance of longer or symmetrical teeth, thereby making the smile more aesthetically pleasing. This procedure is typically done to reduce excessively gummy smiles or to balance out an asymmetrical gum line. The procedure, also known as crown-lengthening, has historically been used to treat gum disease. It is only within the past three to five years that dentists have commonly used this procedure for aesthetic purposes. The practice of cosmetic gum lifts was first developed in the late 1980s, but there were few oral surgeons and dental practitioners available to perform the procedures. Gum lifts can also include bone shaping to reduce the prominence of the upper jaw and even out the tooth and gum ratio. This method provides permanent results, while simple gum contouring may result in relapse or regrowth of the gingiva.
What causes a gummy smile?
Our smile line–the teeth that show when you smile–relies on several factors, including the size and shape of your teeth, your facial muscles, your gum tissue, and the shape and size of your lips. Those same factors can cause a gummy smile. Gummy smiles occur because of:
Abnormal tooth eruption: The teeth are normal length, but because of their abnormal eruption they appear shorter.
Altered active eruption: The teeth erupt correctly, but are covered with too much bone and gum tissue.
Altered passive eruption: The teeth and bone are within normal parameters, but the teeth are covered with excessive gum tissue.
Upper jaw protrusion: During development of the jaw, the bone protrudes into the gum tissue, creating a gummy smile.
Hyperactive upper lip: The upper lip is higher than normal revealing too much gum.
Hypermobile upper lip: When smiling, the facial muscles pull the top lip up too high, revealing too much gum.
Short upper lip: The upper lip is too short, revealing too much gum.
Vertical maxillary access: The vertical dimension of the upper jaw is longer than it should be.
Super-eruption of the top front teeth: When the lower jaw is smaller than the upper jaw, the top teeth drift lower, pulling the gum tissue with them.
Bruxism: When people grind their teeth, or brux, they wear away tooth structure, shortening their teeth. As a result, the upper teeth super-erupt, meaning they move down to come into contact with the lower teeth, bringing the gum tissue with them.
Advantages
Improves aesthetics of anterior teeth.
Requires minimal removal of soft tissue.
Does not compromise the periodontal structures.
Can correct uneven gingival zeniths (the most apical portion of the free gingiva).
Can lengthen clinical crown height (which is important in tooth wear cases).
Reduces the amount of maxillary gingiva on display.
Can allow for both sub- and supra- gingival restorations.
Allows for additional tooth structure to withstand the mechanical needs during restorative procedures.
Disadvantages
The morphological characteristics of the dentition and gingiva influence a patient's smile greatly. This should be used in order to predict how a patient's smile should be restored.
A bony defect which cannot be corrected. If it can be corrected, this surgery must be carried out prior to the gum lift.
If the gingiva is fragile.
If the location of the base of the pocket is apical to the mucogingival junction. This would cause problems with healing.
If the patient is not affected by the aesthetics.
Depending on the shape of the anterior teeth, “black triangles” may develop in the area where there is labial or interproximal soft tissue recession following the gum lift. This leads to an undesired outcome.
A gum lift is not available on the NHS and so would need to be obtained privately, where the charge is variable.
Techniques
Gingivectomy by electrosurgery
Electrosurgery is defined as “the intentional passage of high frequency waveforms or currents through tissues of the body to achieve a controllable surgical effect” and has been used for over 50 years in dentistry.
The presence of a circuit is essential for the process in order for a current to flow; changing the mode of activation of this current enables electrosurgery to both cut and coagulate the oral soft tissues, resulting in minimal bleeding and a clear field of view for the clinician.
Radiofrequency alternating current is used to heat the gingival tissues. The rapid alternating polarity in electrosurgery (300 kHz to 4 mHz) causes oscillation of the ions within the gingival cells resulting in friction being generated, which in turn converts electrical energy to thermal energy. As the temperature is increased above 60 degrees C, the processes of protein coagulation and desiccation occur in which the water content of the cells is driven out. Desiccation coagulation is essential in order to achieve haemostasis and is continued until all the water is dissipated or until the temperature reaches 100 degrees C, whereby vaporisation of the cells occurs.
There are two types of electrosurgical units; monopolar and bipolar.
Monopolar units require a separate electrode which is usually in the form of a plate that the patient is lay on. The current passes through the patient's oral cavity through a wire as it completes the circuit from the active electrosurgical unit to the secondary return electrode, cutting the oral tissues as heat is produced.
Bipolar units do not require a patient return electrode as the active and return functions are performed by the cutting tip alone. Two electrodes are present on the cutting tip of the bipolar device and the current travels between these, consequently removing the need for a plate. Only the tissue contacted is included in the electrical circuit and a wider cut is achieved by this method.
Surgical gingivectomy
Local anaesthetic is used to keep the patient comfortable during the procedure. The technique is completed with a surgical scalpel and involves trimming and removing the tissue around the teeth. The remaining gums are reattached in and around the teeth by sutures (stitches), and the area is cleaned with saline and patients.
After the procedure is completed, a surgical dressing, or pack, is placed in and around the teeth and gums. This dressing is left in place for about a week.
Laser gingivectomy
Dental lasers, and in particular diode lasers, are being increasingly used, and gingivectomy is the most common procedure performed with dental lasers. All laser wavelengths can be used to precisely incise gingiva for restorative, cosmetic, and periodontal indications; however, diode lasers come with smaller set up and often better price. Rapid healing and reduced pain are commonly seen post-operatively and patients rarely need periodontal packing or sutures.
The Laser types include:
Nd:YAG (Neodymium: Yttrium Aluminium Garnet) laser
laser
Diode laser
Surgery vs Laser
Surgery performed by scalpel has advantages of ease of use, precise incision with well-defined margins, the healing is fast, and there is no lateral tissue damage. While the disadvantages of surgery are the need to manage operative and post-operative pain by the provision of giving anaesthesia and analgesia, as well as bleeding that results in inadequate visibility.
Laser treatment seems to have good patient acceptance as patients report minimal pain.
Diode laser is absorbed by haemoglobin and melanin, and therefore allows for easy manipulation of soft-tissue during gingival recontouring, and results in improved epithelization and healing of the wound. During the use of laser, heat will be generated which will result in coagulation, drying and vaporization around the site which will prevent bleeding by sealing the blood vessels and also inhibiting the pain receptors at the incision site.
The clinical use of a laser for gingivectomy involves repeated lasing and wiping away tissue remnants with moist gauze and this results in a bloodless operating field allowing better visibility and greater ease for the operator. The laser also sterilizes the tissues and eliminates the need for a post-surgical dressing.
The better control of laser, less post-operative inflammation and pain and the improved healing in the surgical site all are the benefits of using laser in surgery.
Soft tissue laser surgery has some disadvantages that include the high cost, buying a laser device is expensive comparing it to scalpel.
References
Further reading
American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry
Dentistry procedures
The 2012 European Junior and U23 Canoe Slalom Championships took place in Solkan, Slovenia from 6 to 9 September 2012 under the auspices of the European Canoe Association (ECA). It was the 14th edition of the competition for Juniors (U18) and the 10th edition for the Under 23 category. A total of 19 medal events took place. No medals were awarded for the junior women's C1 team event due to low number of participating countries.
Medal Summary
Men
Canoe
Junior
U23
Kayak
Junior
U23
Women
Canoe
Junior
U23
Kayak
Junior
U23
Medal table
References
External links
European Canoe Association
European Junior and U23 Canoe Slalom Championships
European Junior and U23 Canoe Slalom Championships
Arne Feick (born 1 April 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. Currently a free agent, they last played for Würzburger Kickers.
Club career
Born in East Berlin, Feick started playing football at SV Mühlenbeck 47 in 1994 and moved to the SC Oberhavel Velten youth department in 2000. In the summer of 2002, they joined the youth academy of Energie Cottbus.
For the 2005–06 season, they managed to make the cut to the second team, Energie Cottbus II, that played in the Oberliga. The team managed to reach promotion to the Regionalliga. However, qualification for the new 3. Liga in the 2007–08 season was clearly missed. After midfielder Markus Dworrak's move to Dynamo Dresden, Feick signed their first professional contract in September 2006. They made their debut in the Bundesliga on 26 November 2006, under head coach Petrik Sander where they came on as a substitute in the 85th minute in a match against Bayer Leverkusen. On 2 December, Feick made their debut in the starting eleven against Hannover 96 and was sent off in the 90th minute with their second yellow card. They were able to make one more league appearance during the season. In the 2007–08 season, Feick only appeared for the second team.
After the second team had clearly failed to qualify for the new 3. Liga, Feick signed a two-year contract with Erzgebirge Aue, competing in the 3. Liga, ahead of the 2008–09 season alongside former Energie Cottbus teammates Martin Männel, Jan Hochscheidt and Marc Hensel. There, they were able to establish themselves as a regular starter and became top goalscorer for the club in their first season.
For the 2009–10 season, Feick moved to Arminia Bielefeld in the 2. Bundesliga, signing a three-year contract. After Arminia suffered relegation at the end of the 2010–11 season, Feick moved to 1860 Munich. In the 2011–12 season, they made 20 appearances, during which they were sidelined from the end of November until the end of the winter break due to an injury. In the following season, they were only utilised as a complementary player, not appearing in the 2. Bundesliga. They were part of a matchday squad 18 times during that season, but nevertheless did not play. They made seven appearances for the second team in the Regionalliga Bayern.
After two years, in September 2013, Feick returned to Arminia Bielefeld, who had been promoted to the 2. Bundesliga again. There. they were promoted to a regular starter and played in 24 of the remaining 28 games of the season. However, Arminia suffered another relegation at the end of the season after losing in the relegation play-offs to SV Darmstadt 98.
For the following season 2014–15, Feick moved to 2. Bundesliga team VfR Aalen, whom they left again at the end of the season and signed a contract with local rivals 1. FC Heidenheim. On 29 July 2016, they extended their contract with 1. FC Heidenheim until 2020.
After their contract expired in July 2020, Feick moved to recently promoted 2. Bundesliga club Würzburger Kickers. They signed a contract until 30 June 2021.
International career
Feick is a youth international for Germany.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
German footballers
Germany youth international footballers
FC Energie Cottbus players
FC Energie Cottbus II players
FC Erzgebirge Aue players
Arminia Bielefeld players
TSV 1860 Munich players
VfR Aalen players
1. FC Heidenheim players
Würzburger Kickers players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Footballers from Berlin
Association football midfielders
Benno Charles Schmidt Sr. (January 10, 1913 – October 21, 1999) was an American lawyer and venture capitalist who was active in New York City civic affairs and played an important role in the initiation of the War on Cancer.
Life and career
Born in Abilene, Texas, Schmidt grew up in that city in a household that was not financially well-off, but placed an emphasis on education. Their father died when they were 12, so their mother's job as a secretary supported the family.
Schmidt was educated at the University of Texas, where they received both their A.B. and law degrees in 1936. At Texas they were a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity and the Texas Cowboys. After receiving their law degree, they spent time as a member of the Texas law school faculty and at Harvard Law School as a Thayer Teaching Fellow. In 1942, following the United States' entrance into World War II, they enlisted in the U.S. Army. During their military service they rose to the rank of Colonel and was awarded several medals, including the Legion of Merit and Bronze Star Medal.
In late 1945, Jock Whitney invited them to join a new business they wanted to start to finance new companies seeking to capitalize on newly identified markets and social needs. In 1946 they became a partner in the business that Whitney had proposed, venture capital firm J.H. Whitney & Company. They became managing partner in 1960 and remained in that position until 1992.
Schmidt is credited with coining the term venture capital to describe the area of providing early or "seed" capital to aspiring entrepreneurs. The term was a shortening of the word "adventure".
One of the Whitney & Co.'s first investments was the Spencer Chemical Company, which was formed to acquire a nitrate explosives plant in Kansas that was being declared surplus by the U.S. government and convert the plant to produce ammonium nitrate fertilizer. Whitney and Schmidt put $1.5 million of Whitney's funds into Spencer and reaped a 20-fold profit on their investment. Another of Schmidt's successful initiatives at J.H. Whitney & Co. was acquiring an early stake in Minute Maid. Schmidt championed that investment over the Whitney's initial concern about the "tinny" taste of the company's orange juice concentrate.
Schmidt served on the boards of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, CBS and Freeport-McMoRan, among others. They were a trustee of the Whitney Museum of American Art. In 1971 U.S. President Richard M. Nixon appointed them to the chairpersonship of the President's Cancer Panel, which initiated the U.S. federal government's War on Cancer.
Schmidt was the chairperson of Vertex Pharmaceuticals board and one of its largest early investors.
Schmidt had five sons, including Benno C. Schmidt Jr., who was President of Yale University and Dean of Columbia Law School.
Schmidt died from heart failure in October 1999 at the age of 86.
References
1913 births
1999 deaths
New York (state) lawyers
People from Abilene, Texas
University of Texas School of Law alumni
American venture capitalists
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American businesspeople
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Pashmina (, ) refers to a fine variant of spun cashmere, the animal-hair fibre forming the downy undercoat of the Changthangi goat. The word pashm means "wool" in Persian, but in Kashmir, pashm referred to the raw unspun wool of domesticated Changthangi goats. In common parlance today, pashmina may refer either to the material or to the variant of the Kashmir shawl that is made from it. Both generic cashmere and pashmina come from the same goat, but generic cashmere ranges from 12 to 21 microns in diameter, whereas pashmina refers only to those fibres that range from 12 to 16 microns.
History
Samples of wool fibres discovered from corroded copper artifacts from Harappa dating back to the Indus valley civilization are extremely fine and resemble Pashmina and Shatoosh. The material gained prominence through its use in the Kashmir shawl. In Mughal times, this was used as an indicator of rank and nobility. In 1526, Babur (1483–1530) founded the Mughal Empire in India, and established the practice of giving khilat (or "robes of honor", typically made of expensive fabric) to members of their durbar to indicate high service, great achievement, or royal favor. In their time, the Mughal khilat was a set of clothes, which could include a turban, long coat, gown, fitted jacket, sash, shawl, trousers, shirt, and scarf. One or all of these could be made of pashmina and embroidered in gold cloth. In 1568, Kashmir was conquered by Babur's grandson Akbar. In Akbar's time, a pair of pashmina shawls were an expected part of khil'at ceremonies. From the 16th to the early 20th centuries, the Safavid, Zand, and Qajar emperors of Iran also wore pashmina and gifted Kashmir shawls as khilat within their political and religious practices.
Pashmina blankets were also vital additions to a wealthy woman's dowry in India, Pakistan and Nepal. In nineteenth-century English writing, despite the fact that shawls were worn by men, Kashmiri shawls became coded as women's luxuries. They acquired the status of heirlooms, worn by a girl on their marriage and coming-of-age, and as heirlooms that women would inherit rather than purchase. Since English law restricted women's abilities to inherit land, the Kashmir shawl served as an item of high exchange value that a woman could carry. In France, the pashmina Kashmir shawl gained status as a fashion icon through Empress Joséphine's enthusiastic use. These shawls suited the French well, providing the needed warmth, while adding visual interest to white French gowns through the traditional teardrop buta pattern and discreet floral motifs. The shawl became a symbol of French bourgeois status from the Bourbon Restoration (1815–48) through the Second French Empire (1852–70). As a class marker, it fulfilled 19th century French tastes because it looked rich, had extensive ornamentation, artistic qualities, and was made of expensive raw materials.
Production
Goats used for pashmina shed their winter coat every spring. One goat sheds approximately of the fibre. In the spring (the moulting season), the goats naturally shed their undercoat, which regrows in winter. This undercoat is collected by combing the goat, not by shearing, as in other fine wools. A traditional producer of pashmina wool in the Ladakh region of the Himalayas are a people known as the Changpa. These are a nomadic people and inhabit the Changthang plateau of Tibet, which has a minimum altitude of above sea level and a winter temperature which can drop to The Changpa rear sheep in these harsh climates for meat, and pashmina goats for wool.
Raw pashmina is exported to Kashmir. All steps, from combing (removing impurities and guard hair, and aligning fibers) and spinning, to weaving and finishing, are traditionally carried out by hand by specialized craftsmen and women. The major center of pashmina fabric production is in the old district of the city of Srinagar. The approximate time put into producing a single traditional pashmina stole (70x200cm) is 180 hours.
China accounts for 70% of the world's cashmere production, Mongolia 20%, and the remaining 10% of production is in Afghanistan, Australia, India, Iran, Nepal, Pakistan, the United States, the Central Asian republics and elsewhere. Only a small percentage of this production is the ultra-fine cashmere known as pashmina.
Products
Pashmina accessories are known for their softness and warmth. They are available in a range of sizes, from "scarf" to "wrap" or "stole"
to full-sized shawl and in rare cases, "macho" . Pure pashmina is a rather gauzy, open weave, as the fibre cannot tolerate high tension. The most popular pashmina fabric is a 70% pashmina/30% silk blend, but 50/50 is also common. The 70/30 is tightly woven, has an elegant sheen and drapes nicely, but is still quite soft and light-weight.
A craze for pashmina shawls, known as shahmina in Kashmir, in the mid-1990s resulted in high demand for the raw material, so demand exceeded supply. When these shawls rose into fashion prominence during the era, they were marketed dubiously. In the consumer markets, pashmina shawls have been redefined as a shawl/wrap with cashmere and cashmere/silk, notwithstanding the actual meaning of pashmina. Some shawls marketed as pashmina shawls contain (sheep) wool, while other unscrupulous companies marketed artificial fabrics such as viscose and others as "pashmina" with deceptive marketing statements such as "authentic viscose pashmina".
The word "pashmina" is not a labelling term recognized by law in the United States, where it is considered another term for cashmere. According to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission:
Some manufacturers use the term pashmina to describe an ultra fine cashmere fiber; others use the term to describe a blend of cashmere and silk. The FTC encourages manufacturers and sellers of products described as pashmina to explain to consumers, on a hangtag, for example, what they mean by the term.As with all other wool products, the fiber content of a shawl, scarf or other item marketed as pashmina must be accurately disclosed. For example, a blend of cashmere and silk might be labeled 50% Cashmere, 50% Silk or 70% Cashmere, 30% Silk, depending upon the actual cashmere and silk content. If the item contains only cashmere, it should be labeled 100% Pashmina or All Cashmere, by the Wool Act or regulations.
References
Culture of Jammu and Kashmir
Economy of Jammu and Kashmir
Indian clothing
Knitted fabrics
Knitted garments
Scarves
Geographical indications in Jammu and Kashmir
Indian shawls and wraps
Discotronic is the name of the Austrian Dance & Hands-Up project of two Vienna producers, Thomas Greisl and Steve Twain (Stephan Deutsch).
History
The producer duo of Thomas Greisl and Steve Twain (Stephan Deutsch) founded the dance project Discotronic in 2006. The first single, "Tricky Disco", developed into a European club hit. In Germany, the single charted in the top 5 of the dance charts. Discotronic followed up with two more singles, "World of Discotronic / Now is the Time" and "The Master Plan."
Discotronic is under contract to the Hamburg record label, Mental Madness Records, which the German DJ and producer Dennis Bohn of Brooklyn bounce founded and is among the most successful labels of the genre.
Discotronic remixes many successful artists in the dance scene. They have already remixed tracks for DJ Manian, Cascada, Brooklyn Bounce, Rob Mayth & Dan Winter, Yanou, Basshunter, and many others.
Singles
I Surrender (Mental Madness Records)
Shooting Star (Mental Madness Records)
The Master Plan (Mental Madness Records)
Tricky Disco (Mental Madness Records)
Tricky Disco - UK Edition (All Around The World)
World of Discotronic / Now is the Time (Mental Madness Records)
Remixes
Alex Megane - Hurricane 09 (Discotronic Remix) - Yawa Recordings
Andrew Spencer - Video Killed The Radio Star (Discotronic Remix) - Mental Madness
Basshunter - Please Don't Go (Discotronic Remix) - Warner / MoS UK / Balloon Records
Brooklyn Bounce - Get Ready To Bounce (Discotronic Remix) - Mental Madness Records
Dan Winter & Mayth - Dare Me (Discotronic Remix) - Zooland Records
DJ Lawless - Sex Toys (Discotronic Remix) - Mental Madness Records
DJ Manian - Welcome to the Club (Discotronic Remix) - Zooland Records
DJ Roxx - Jumping & Pumping (Discotronic Remix) - Mental Madness Records
Escape One - Upside Down (Discotronic Remix) - Balloon Records
Global Players - Daydream (Discotronic Remix) - Klubbstyle Records
Kevin Stomper - L.I.S.I (Discotronic Remix) - Klubbstyle Records
Manian feat Aila - Heaven (Discotronic Remix) - Zeitgeist
Manox - Supermodel Girlfriend (Discotronic Remix) - Zooland Records
Rebecca J. - I Need You To Be Here (Discotronic Remix) - Be52
Silverstation - Sunshine After The Rain (Discotronic Remix) - Klubbstyle Records
Stee Wee Bee - A Star (Discotronic Remix) - Mental Madness Records
The Boyscouts - Pussy Gain (Discotronic Remix) Trak Music
Ultraflirt - Heaven Is A Place On Earth (Discotronic Remix) - Mental Madness Records
Yanou feat Mark Daviz - A Girl Like You (Discotronic Remix) - Zooland Records
See also
http://www.myspace.com/discotronic
http://www.myspace.com/stevetwain
https://web.archive.org/web/20170116001234/http://www.silverstation.net/
Austrian pop music groups
Shemursha (, ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Shemurshinsky District of the Chuvash Republic, Russia. Population:
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Chuvashia
Buinsky Uyezd
The Gwalior Star is a Campaign medal presented by the Honourable East India Company to the soldiers of the British Army and the British led Bengal Army who took part in the 1843 Gwalior Campaign.
History
Rising tensions between the East India Company and the State of Gwalior led to a British led advance into Gwalior early in December 1843 in a two pronged attack. On December 29, 1843, the British Army defeated Maharaja Shrimant Jayaji Rao Scindia, and regained control of Gwalior. The first division of the army, commanded by General Sir Hugh Gough, was victorious at the Battle of Maharajpoor. Major-General Grey, on the same day, with the second division, was victorious at the Battle of Punniar.
Description
This medal is a diameter six pointed stars made of bronze, from guns captured during the Gwalior Campaign. In the centre of the star is a silver disk, which bears the Date 29th Dec, 1843 and the name of one of the Gwalior Campaign battles, either Maharajpoor or Punniar. The reverse of the medal is plain and engraved with the name and regiment of the soldier to whom the medal was awarded.Manufactured at the Calcutta Mint, this medal was presented by the British India Government originally as a star with a clip on the back to be worn on the breast. Eventually most of these were fitted with a ring or bar of varying design, so that they could be suspended by a ribbon and worn with other medals. The ribbon used was the common ribbon used on many East India Company medals, which was a red-white-yellow-white-blue gradient ribbon such as that found on the Candahar, Ghuznee, Cabul Medal.
Lady's Star for Maharajpoor
Lord Ellenborough, the Governor-General of India, presented a special gold star to each of four wives of army officers who, due to the speed of events, found themselves present at the Battle of Maharajpoor.While the design of the star broadly follows that of the campaign medal, the obverse centre bears the head of Queen Victoria, with the name and date of the battle on the reverse. The star is suspended from a gold and enamel imitation ribbon and buckle. Lady Gough had their portrait painted wearing the Lady's Star.
References
External links
Gwalior Campaign Star (Maharajpoor), awarded to Cpt. Lawrence Fyler 1843, The Fitzwilliam Museum, University of Cambridge, date accessed 2011-03-10.
Topic: Gwalior Star Medal (Medal # 112, Medal Yearbook), World of Coins, date accessed 2011-03-10.
Lady Gough wearing their Maharajpoor Star National Army Museum, Online collection.
British campaign medals
Medals of the Honourable East India Company
St Laurence's Church is in Church Street, Church Stretton, Shropshire, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Condover, the archdeaconry of Ludlow, and the diocese of Hereford. Its benefice is united with those of St Michael and All Angels, All Stretton, and All Saints, Little Stretton to form the parish of Church Stretton. The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
History
The nave of the church dates from the 12th century, and the transepts from the following century. The chancel and the upper stage of the tower are from the 15th century. The south vestry was added in 1831, and west aisles were added to the transepts during a restoration by S. Pountney Smith in 1867–68. There were further restorations in 1882 and in 1932. In 2010 the interior of the church was modernised by replacing the pews with movable chairs, and by installing new heating, lighting and sound systems.
Architecture
Exterior
Constructed in stone with tiled roofs, the church has a cruciform plan, consisting of a nave and chancel, north and south transepts, each with a west aisle, and a tower at the crossing. The nave is Norman in style, and the rest of the church is Early English, other than the top stage of the tower, which is Perpendicular. The tower is in three stages, with corner and central gargoyles. There are lancet windows in the lower and middle stages, and a clock face on the east side of the middle stage. The top stage contains two-light, flat-headed, louvred bell openings, and at the summit is a battlemented parapet with elaborate corner finials. The tower has diagonal buttresses, that at the southeast angle being carved with the figure of St Laurence. The nave has Norman buttresses, and two Norman doorways, one on the north and the other on the south. Above the north doorway is a re-set sheila-na-gig. The other doorways are Early English. The west window and windows in the transepts contain Decorated-style tracery, the tracery in the east window being Perpendicular.
Interior
Inside the church, all the roofs are medieval. In the southwest corner of the chancel is a window with a piscina in its sill. The reredos was constructed in about 1820, re-using 17th-century panelling. The font is octagonal and Perpendicular in style. The pulpit dates from 1880, is made of stone and different marbles, and was designed by Samuel Pountney Smith. In the ceiling of the tower is a sculpture dating from about 1970 depicting St Laurence and their attribute, a gridiron. Some of the windows on the north and south sides of the chancel contain medieval glass, and others have Flemish roundels. The glass in the east window is by Betton and Evans of Shrewsbury, and in the nave is an early window by Burlison and Grylls. In the west side of the south transept is a memorial window to Lord Leighton of Stretton, former President of the Royal Academy, commemorating the fact they took their title from the town. Another memorial window, with plaque, commemorates writer Hesba Stretton, depicting the central character of their novel, Jessica's First Prayer. The church contains within the north transept framed rolls of honour to the respective parish dead of both World Wars and a plaque to 2nd Lieutenant Guy Barnett, killed at Battle of Neuve Chapelle in World War I.
The two-manual pipe organ was made in 1883 by Nicholson of Worcester, and restored by the same company in 1987. There is a ring of eight bells. Four of these were cast in 1711 by Abraham Rudhall I of Gloucester, and the other four in 1890 by John Taylor and Company of Loughborough.
External features
In the churchyard are 13 listed structures, each of which is designated at Grade II. To the north and west of the church are walls, stiles and gates. To the south of the south transept is a sundial. This originated as a medieval churchyard cross, whose shaft is sunk into a former mill wheel. On the top are two brass dials, one overlying the other. The gnomon is missing. The other items are all memorials, which stand to the east and the south of the church.
See also
Grade I listed churches in Shropshire
Listed buildings in Church Stretton
References
Grade I listed churches in Shropshire
Church of England church buildings in Shropshire
English churches with Norman architecture
English Gothic architecture in Shropshire
St Laurence
Diocese of Hereford
China competed at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway from 12 to 21 February 2016.
Medalists
Medalists in mixed NOCs events
Biathlon
Boys
Girls
Mixed
Cross-country skiing
Girls
Curling
Mixed team
Team
Du Hongrui
Han Yu
Zhang Wenxin
Zhao Ruiyi
Round Robin
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Mixed doubles
Figure skating
Singles
Couples
Mixed NOC team trophy
Short track speed skating
Boys
Girls
Mixed team relay
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); FC=Final C (non-medal); FD=Final D (non-medal); SA/B=Semifinals A/B; SC/D=Semifinals C/D; ADV=Advanced to Next Round; PEN=Penalized
Snowboarding
Halfpipe
Speed skating
Boys
Girls
Mixed team sprint
See also
China at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
China at the Youth Olympics
2016 in Chinese sport
Komarane (Serbian Cyrillic: Комаране) is a village in Central Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at , at the elevation of 280 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 254 citizens.
External links
Levac Online
Article about Komarane
Pictures from Komarane
Populated places in Pomoravlje District
Šumadija
Gunther Göbbel (born 6 May 1979 in Nuremberg, West Germany) is a German singer who took part in second season (2003-2004) of Deutschland sucht den Superstar (DSDS) series coming 5th overall in 12 finalist contestants. After a brief time as the duo Meant 2 Be, they became part of the German cover songs duo Lemon Ice as Geeno alongside rapper Jay Low with a string of cover hits like "Stand By Me", "Only You", "Girl You Know It's True" and "Right Here Waiting". After the break-up of the group, they continued their solo music singing career as Geeno Fabulous and DJing (sometimes as DJ GF) and as record producer (under their name Gunther Göbbel). They had a comeback in 2016 with a revitalized version of "Stand by Me" under the new adopted name Geeno Smith.
In DSDS (2003)
Gunther Göbbel applied for the 2nd season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar in 2003. Göbbel did not qualify to the top 13, but was brought back as a "wildcard" and advanced then to final 5 when they were eliminated. Their performances during DSDS were:
Nov. 22, 2003 (1st live show - "My Pop Idol") - Quit Playing Games (With My Heart) from Backstreet Boys - Safe
Nov. 29, 2002 (2nd live show - "Rock and Pop Ballads) - Careless Whisper from George Michael - Safe
Dec. 13, 2002 (3rd live show) - "My year of birth") - Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough from Michael Jackson - Safe
Dec. 20, 2002 (4th live show) - "Christmas") - Santa Claus Is Coming to Town from Tony Bennett - Safe
Jan. 10, 2003 (5th live show "Elton John / Madonna") - Candle in the Wind from Elton John - Bottom Two - saved
Jan. 17, 2003 (6th live show "Big Band") - Ain't That a Kick in the Head from Robbie Williams - Bottom Two - saved
Jan. 31, 2003 (7th live show - "Seventies") - You to Me Are Everything from The Real Thing - Bottom Two - saved
Feb. 7, 2003 (8th live show - "Movies") - When You Say Nothing at All from Ronan Keating - Eliminated
Meant 2 Be (2004)
After the show, they joined forces with Turkish singer Sedat Türüc who was in the formation Become One to form a duo under the name Meant 2 Be stylized sometimes as M2B. They released one single "Caramba" in September 2004 before splitting up.
Lemon Ice (2004-2009)
They founded the record label Utopic Music. In 2006, they formed the German cover duo group Lemon Ice, alongside rapper Jay Low. Gunther Göbbel was on lead vocals and was known as Geeno (at times Geeno Fabulous). The band had a string of hits in Germany and Austria and one hit single in Finland. They also released their debut and only studio album entitled One in 2007 containing many of their earlier cover hits "Stand by Me" (Ben E. King), "Only You" (Yazoo), "Girl You Know It's True" (Milli Vanilli) and "Right Here Waiting" (Richard Marx).
Solo career (2009-present)
After the break-up of the group in 2009, they continued with a solo career named Geeno Fabulous, or just DJ GF. In 2009 they were signed to the German dance club label Andorfine. They released a series of collaborations featuring hip hop artist Young Sixx including I'm Famous (2009), I'm So Horny (2010), That Girl (2011). They were featured in a number of releases of DJ and producer Crew 7 including "This Time" (2010), "Billy Jean" (2011), "I Go to Rio" and "F**k It" (2013). In 2013, they were featured in Crew 7's "Wild", a hit single that reached number 1 in the Deutsche Dance Charts in December 2013. Other releases include the 2011 single "Rhythm Is All That I Need" featuring Raheema.
In the 2010s they worked as a DJ and music producer with their own label Utopic Music. In their hometown of Nuremberg they were a Resident DJ in the Diskothek Goija until it closed in 2015 and then switched to the Indabahn club. Geeno Fabulous was also active in radio mixing launching "Energy Club Royal", a 2-hour radio show on Radio Energy Nürnberg.
In 2011, they co-produced with Christian Greiner, the Chillout Rockerz electronic future jazz album Play for Pleasure. Finest Lounge Music released on Consens Music / Sony Music Entertainment. They were credited as Gunther Göbbel rather than Geeno Fabulous on the recording.
In 2015, they adopted the stage name Geeno Smith and released some songs online like "Future Cybersex", "Simple Sounds" and "I Don´t Wanna Know". In 2016 they appeared on the ZDF show Silvestershow Willkommen 2016 performing a new version of "Stand by Me" which they had recorded together with the Brazilian Pachanga singer Jay del Alma with lyrics partly translated into Spanish and giving the song a Latin twist. The version gained fame and was officially released on January 8, 2016, with their Tropical House mix rising to the top of the iTunes download charts and reaching No. 16 on the Official German Singles Chart.
Discography
(For discography in Lemon Ice, see discography section)
Albums
EPs
Singles
References
External links
Geeno Fabulous Facebook
DJ GF Facebook
Geeno-Fabulous on Discogs.com
1979 births
Living people
21st-century German male singers
German DJs
German record producers
Deutschland sucht den Superstar participants
Musicians from Nuremberg
Electronic dance music DJs
A magnate, from the late Latin magnas, a great man, itself from Latin magnus, "great", is a noble or a man in a high social position, by birth, wealth or other qualities. In reference to the Middle Ages, the term is often used to distinguish higher territorial landowners and warlords, such as counts, earls, dukes, and territorial-princes from the baronage, and in Poland for the richest szlachta.
England
In England, the magnate class went through a change in the later Middle Ages. It had previously consisted of all tenants-in-chief of the crown, a group of more than a hundred families. The emergence of Parliament led to the establishment of a parliamentary peerage that received personal summons, rarely more than sixty families. A similar class in the Gaelic world were the Flatha. In the Middle Ages a bishop sometimes held territory as a magnate, collecting the revenue of the manors and the associated knights' fees.
In the Tudor period, after Henry VII defeated Richard III at Bosworth Field, Henry made a point of executing or neutralising as many magnates as possible. Henry would make parliament attaint undesirable nobles and magnates, thereby stripping them of their wealth, protection from torture, and power. Henry also used the Court of the Star Chamber to have powerful nobles executed. Henry VIII continued this approach in their reign; they inherited a survivalistic mistrust of nobles from their father. Henry VIII ennobled very few men and the ones they did were all "new men": novi homines, greatly indebted to them and having very limited power.
Hungary
The term was specifically applied to the members (equivalent to British Peers) of the Upper House in the Apostolic Kingdom of Hungary, the Főrendiház or House of Magnates.
Japan
In feudal Japan, the most powerful landholding magnates were known as daimyo. In the 11th and 12th centuries, the daimyo became military lords of samurai clans with territorial and proprietary control over private estates.
Poland and Lithuania
Magnates were a social class of wealthy and influential nobility in the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and later the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Serbia
The magnates, velikaši, of Serbia in the Middle Ages were noted by their higher titles in relation to those held by the lesser nobles. In the Early and High Middle Ages the highest (most prestigious) title was vojvoda, a military rank and title of governors. During the Serbian Empire (1345–71) the higher court members held titles such as despot, sevastokrator and kesar. During foreign rule, under the Ottoman Empire, Habsburg monarchy, Republic of Venice, and later in the Revolution, and Principality the magnates were influential voivodes (though all voivodes were not considered magnates).
Spain
In Spain, since the late Middle Ages the highest class of nobility hold the appellation of Grandee of Spain.
Sweden
In Sweden, the wealthiest medieval lords were known as storman (plural stormän), "great men", a similar description and meaning as the English term magnate.
See also
Aristocracy
Szlachta, in Poland
Boyar, in Eastern Europe
Magnat (film)
References
Sources
Social classes
Noble titles
Nobility of the United Kingdom
Hungarian nobility
Spanish nobility
Swedish nobility
Gustavo Beliz (born 7 January 1962) is an Argentinian politician and expert in global governance.
Beliz was born in Buenos Aires. They graduated at Law from University of Buenos Aires and then studied at London School of Economics.
They served during the presidency of Carlos Menem as Minister of Interior between 1992 and 1994, when they resigned over a disagreement with the president for the 1994 reform of the Argentine constitution and created their own party. They ran for Mayor of Buenos Aires in 1996 and the next year was elected to the new City Council.
They were elected National Senator representing Buenos Aires City but never take office in 2001. Later they were designated Minister of Justice during the presidency of Néstor Kirchner between 2003 and 2004. During their years at the Ministry of Justice, they promoted the impeachment of some members of the Supreme Court.
Biography
Aademic background
Beliz is a graduate of the School of Law at the Universidad de Buenos Aires (1989) and pursued postgraduate studies at the London School of Economics (1994) after winning a British Council scholarship to research globalization and state reform.
FHe was a professor at the School of Information Science at Universidad Austral between 1995 and 2001, and a professor at the Master's in Organizational Communications and an associate researcher at the Institute of Advanced Business Studies between 2000 and 2001.
In 1987, they won a scholarship to Japan, as part of the cultural agreements signed by President Alfonsín and Prime Minister Nakasone. They were named one of the 10 Outstanding Young People of Argentina by the Junior Chamber of Buenos Aires in 1992. In 1999 Time magazine and CNN included them in their list of 50 Latin American Leaders for the Third Millennium.
Political career
They were president of the President of the National Civil Service Institute (1989–1992), Civil Service Secretary, and Minister of the Interior during Carlos Menem's first term in office. After opposing the constitutional reform of 1994 and blowing the whistle on corruption in 1995, they resigned from their position, left the Justicialist Party and founded the New Leadership Party in 1996.
They won 247,500 votes (13.10%) in the 1996 elections for Head of Government of the City of Buenos Aires, and five members of their party became part of the Constituent Assembly.
They were elected as a representative for the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires in 1997 as part of the city's first legislature after becoming an autonomous administrative district, a position they took up as part of a bloc of 11 representatives from the New Leadership Party.
For the 2000 elections for the head of government of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, they formed an alliance with Action for the Republic, the party of former minister of the economy Domingo Felipe Cavallo, running as the candidate for deputy head of government for the Encounter for the City coalition, which came second in the election, winning more than 33% of the votes and seats for 20 of its legislators.
In 2001, they led the New Country Front coalition, which came second in the elections, and was elected to the Argentine Senate as a senator for the City of Buenos Aires, but was not able to take up the position due to a long-standing dispute with the candidate Alfredo Bravo, despite the Supreme Court of Argentina confirming Beliz's appointment.
In 2003, their party was part of the winning Front for Victory ticket, headed by Néstor Kirchner as its candidate for president and Daniel Scioli as the candidate for vice president.
On Monday October 7, 2019, former minister of justice Gustavo Beliz took part in an event alongside then-presidential candidate Alberto Fernández, who confirmed that Beliz would be part of their team several days later. The two had worked together during the Néstor Kirchner administration before resigning from office.
Minister of Justice, Citizen Security and Human Rights (2003-2004)
Following Kirchner's victory in the 2003 presidential elections, Beliz became Minister of Justice, Citizen Security, and Human Rights and launched a campaign to promote transparency within Argentina's federal judiciary. They advocated for the impeachment of members of the Supreme Court who were suspected of corruption and instituted the method of self-limitation in the appointment of judges by the Office of the President through a system of challenges and public hearings, which allowed for greater transparency and citizen participation.
They resign from office after a confrontation with Jaime Stiuso.
Career at The Interamerican Development Bank (2005-2019)
Between 2005 and 2013, they lived in Washington, DC, working at the Inter-American Development Bank. In 2013, they moved to Uruguay, to coordinate the Citizen Security regional cluster. Between 2014 and October 2019 they were director of the Institute for the Integration of Latin America and the Caribbean (INTAL) at the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB).
Secretary of Strategic Affair for the President (since December 2019)
As Secretary of Strategic Affairs, they are a cabinet minister and is responsible for designing and implementing the foreign relations strategy for the Office of the President, working in partnership with Argentina's other ministries.
Their work also involves planning and evaluating strategic affairs, international and institutional public policies, and Argentina's financial relationships with multilateral organizations.  They are governor for Argentina on the board of governors of the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), the World Bank, CAF/Development Bank of Latin America, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration, and Fonplata.
They and their team play a part in designing and formulating President Fernández's international communications, creating deliverables for meetings and official international visits based on strategic analysis. They also coordinate the analysis, planning, monitoring, and continuous evaluation of matters that relate to Argentina's foreign policy and national security strategy. They have been tasked by the President to create the Economic and Social Council for the Development of Argentina to generate strategic consensus among various social players and the government ecosystem.  They are currently working on innovations to make the tender process for public works more transparent, make better use of the knowledge produced by different government offices, and to improve the quality of bilateral and multilateral technical and financial development assistance and better assess the impact of this.
Publications
Argentina hacia el año 2000. Editorial Galerna, 1986.
CGT, el otro poder. Editorial Sudamericana-Planeta, 1988.
La Argentina ausente. Editorial Sudamericana, 1990.
Vale la pena. Adiós a la vieja política. Editorial Sudamericana, 1993.
Política social, la cuenta pendiente (compilador). Editorial Sudamericana, 1995.
Buenos Aires vale la pena. Editorial Planeta, 1996.
No Robarás ¿Es posible ganarle a la corrupción? (compilador). Editorial de Belgrano, 1997.
Proyecto Ciudad. Fondo Editorial Nueva Dirigencia, 1999.
La cultura profesional del periodismo argentino (coautor con Enrique Zuleta Puceiro). Universidad Austral, 1999.
El otro modelo. Grupo Editor Latinoamericano, 2000.
Robotlution, BID, 2017.
Industy 4.0. Creating the future , BID 2018.
Planet Algorithm, BID, 2018.
References
Living people
1962 births
Politicians from Buenos Aires
Justicialist Party politicians
20th-century Argentine lawyers
Ministers of Justice of Argentina
Members of the Buenos Aires City Legislature
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Arundineae is a tribe of grasses, containing four genera.
It is not to be confused with the bamboo tribe Arundinarieae and the panicoid tribe Arundinelleae.
References
Arundinoideae
Poaceae tribes
For information on all Indiana State University sports, see Indiana State Sycamores
The Indiana State Sycamores football team is the NCAA Division I football program of Indiana State University in Terre Haute, Indiana. They compete in the Missouri Valley Football Conference. The team last played in the NCAA Playoffs in the 2014 NCAA Division I Football Championship. Their first season was 1896. The Sycamore's greatest season was 1983, when coach Dennis Raetz led them to the 2nd round of the 1983 NCAA Division I Football Championship versus the Southern Illinois Salukis and ended the season with a record of 9–4. The Sycamores also appeared in 1984 NCAA Division I Football Championship playoffs. The Indiana State Sycamores play their home games at Memorial Stadium, which seats 12,764.
History
Classifications
1952–1964: NCAA / NAIA (dual membership)
1965–1972: NCAA College Division
1970–1973: NAIA Division I
1973–1975: NCAA Division II
1976–1977: NCAA Division I
1978–1981: NCAA Division I–A
1982–present: NCAA Division I–AA/FCS
Conference memberships
1896–1933: Independent
1934–1947: Indiana Intercollegiate Conference
1948–1950: Independent
1951–1967: Indiana Collegiate Conference
1968–1972: Independent
1973–1975: Division II Independent
1976–1977: Missouri Valley Conference (Division I)
1978–1981: Missouri Valley Conference (Division I-A)
1982–1985: Missouri Valley Conference (Division I-AA)
1986–present: Gateway Football Conference / Missouri Valley Football Conference
Conference championships
The 1964 Indiana State Sycamores football team shared the Indiana Collegiate Conference (ICC) title in 1964 with four other teams (Ball State, , , , with the Sycamores finishing with a 4–2 conference record and a 6–2 overall mark.
Bowls and playoffs
Bowl games
The Sycamores have participated in one bowl game, garnering a record of 0–1.
Division I NCAA Playoffs
The Sycamores have appeared in 3 NCAA Division I Football Championships. Their combined record is 2–3.
Rankings
The Sycamores reached the AP and United Press International Top Ten mid-way through the 1974 season; they would not return to the Top Ten until the 1983 season. The 2018 Sycamores finished # 22 in the final Coaches poll & # 25 in the final STATS poll.
Head coaches
All Indiana State Coaching Records are available at:
Rivalries
Ball State
From 1924 to 2014, the Sycamores played Ball State (Ind.) University 65 times; the series stands at 38–24–1 in favor of Ball State.
In 1940, the respective Blue Key chapters sponsored a trophy presentation, the 'Victory Bell' to reward the winner of the annual game between Indiana State and Ball State. The Sycamores hold the Victory Bell, having won the last match 27–20 on the road in 2014.
Traditions
Homecoming
The term Homecoming was first used in print announcements for the Alumni-Varsity Basketball Game on Dec. 9, 1916. By the year 1919, this event became known as Blue and White Day and featured dances and entertainment for alumni of the Normal School.
In 1921 the events were organized around a football game scheduled earlier in the autumn. A bonfire and pep rally were added to the festivities in 1922; the Blue-and-White Parade in 1923; and in 1937, Bette Whitmore (Kappa Kappa) was elected ISUs first Homecoming Queen.
The 2010 season will mark the 106th season of Sycamore football and the 91st Homecoming; the Sycamores will face conference foe, Illinois State, on October 9. This will mark the 7th time that Illinois State has been the Homecoming opponent; following a tremoundous victory (59–24) the Sycamores now own a 5–2 mark vs. Illinois State in Homecoming games.
As of 2012; Indiana State owns a 50–36–2 () record in Homecoming games; the outcomes of the remaining 5 games are unknown.
Victory Bell
A symbol of the traditional rivalry in football between Indiana State and Ball State, the Victory Bell tradition was inaugurated in 1940 when the Blue Key chapters at both schools arranged to donate a bell to be presented to the victor of the football game. The idea was to start a traditional exchange of the bell as a means of improving relationships between the two student bodies. The Victory Bell series is 34–19–1 in favor of Ball State, though the Sycamores won their last meeting in 2014.
Stadiums
The Sycamores have played football at venerable Memorial Stadium since the 1949 campaign. Originally constructed in 1922–24, at a cost of $450,000; the 12,764-seat stadium remains a fixture at the intersection of Wabash and Brown Avenues in Terre Haute, IN.
Memorial Stadium's inauguration was on May 5, 1925, as the local minor league baseball team, the Terre Haute Tots, hosted their Three-I League rivals, the Peoria Tractors, before an estimated crowd of 9,000. Among the esteemed visitors were Major League Baseball Commissioner Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis and Charles Barnard of the Cleveland Indians.
The facility was acquired (via a 99-year lease) by Indiana State University in 1967. The installation of Astroturf made Indiana State the first university to own a football stadium with artificial turf.
Player of the year
National
Shakir Bell – 2011 Walter Payton Award Finalist (Top 2 vote receiver)
Johnny Towalid – 2012 Co-National FCS Defensive Back of the Year (by College Football Performance)
Conference
Edgar Freese – 1965 Indiana Collegiate Conference DT (Lineman)
Reggie Allen – 1979 Missouri Valley Conference QB (Offense)
Gerry Gluscic – 1979 Missouri Valley Conference DE (Defense)
Craig Shaffer – 1981 Missouri Valley Conference LB (Defense)
Jeff Miller – 1984 Missouri Valley Conference QB (Offense)
Wayne Davis – 1984 Missouri Valley Conference DB (Defense)
Jeff Miller – 1985 Missouri Valley Conference QB (Offense)
Vencie Glenn – 1985 Missouri Valley Conference DB (Defense)
Derrick Franklin – 1991 Missouri Valley Football Conference RB (Offense)
Julian Reese - 2001 Missouri Valley Football Conference QB (Newcomer of the Year)
Shakir Bell – 2011 Missouri Valley Football Conference RB (Offense)
Ryan Boyle - 2018 Missouri Valley Football Conference QB (Newcomer of the Year)
All-Americans 1st Team
Jeff Keller, DE – 1967 American Football Coaches Association
Chris Hicks, OT – 1975 American Football Coaches Association
Vincent Allen, RB – 1976 American Football Coaches Association
Ed Martin, DE – 1983 American Football Coaches Association
Wayne Davis, DB – 1984 American Football Coaches Association
Vencie Glenn, DB – 1985 American Football Coaches Association
Steve Mckeel DB – 1986 Associated Press
Mike Simmonds, OT – 1986 American Football Coaches Association
Steve McKeel DB – 1987 Associated Press
Derrick Franklin, RB – 1991 Walter Camp, The Sports Network
Shawn Moore, OG – 1993 American Football Coaches Association
Dan Brandenburg, DT – 1994 American Football Coaches Association
Dan Brandenburg, DT – 1995 The Sports Network, American Football Quarterly
Tom Allison, PK – 1995 Don Hansen's Football Gazette
Troy Lefevra, DE – 1998 Don Hansen's Football Gazette
DeJuan Alfonzo, DB/RS – 1999 American Football Coaches Association
Shakir Bell, RB – 2011 Associated Press, American Football Coaches Association, The Sports Network
Ben Obaseki, DL – 2011 Associated Press
Joshua Appel, LS – 2015 STATS All-American
Academic All-American
Gary Brown, E – 1971
Michael Eads, E – 1972
Mark Maley E −1973
Daniel Millington, DE – 2009
Alex Sewall, DB – 2011
NCAA Post-Graduate Scholarship
Jeffrey Miller, QB – 1986
All-Conference
All-Indiana Collegiate Conference
All-Missouri Valley Conference
All-Missouri Valley Football Conference
Career leaders
Passing
Rushing
Receiving
Scoring
Career leaders in bold
Coach of the Year
National (1)
Curt Mallory – 2019 Phil Steele FCS Coach of the Year
District / Region (5)
Jerry Huntsman – 1966 NCAA District #1
Jerry Huntsman – 1968 NCAA District #2
Trent Miles – 2010 AFCA Region #4
Trent Miles – 2012 AFCA Region #4
Mike Sanford – 2014 AFCA Region #4
Conference (8)
Mark Dean – 1952 Indiana Collegiate Conference
Bill Jones – 1959 Indiana Collegiate Conference
Bill Jones – 1960 Indiana Collegiate Conference
Bill Jones – 1963 Indiana Collegiate Conference
Jerry Huntsman – 1966 Indiana Collegiate Conference
Dennis Raetz – 1984 Missouri Valley Conference
Trent Miles – 2010 Missouri Valley Football Conference
Curt Mallory – 2018 Missouri Valley Football Conference
Notable alumni
Sycamores in Professional Leagues
Fifty former Sycamores have played in professional football leagues. The leagues include the NFL, CFL, AFL, the UFL and the USFL. The most notable players are:
All-Star Game participants
2013 – FN Lutz, OG (FCS Senior Scout Bowl)
2010 – Pat Burke, OG (FCS Senior Scout Bowl)
2010 – Darrius Gates, RB (FCS Senior Scout Bowl)
2006 – Carl Berman, (Magnolia Gridiron Classic)
2006 – Kyle Hooper, PK (East Coast Bowl)
2006 – Madison Miller, DE (East Coast Bowl)
2005 – Blayne Baggett, QB (Magnolia Gridiron Classic)
2005 – LaDrelle Bryant, LB (Magnolia Gridiron Classic)
1999 – DeJuan Alfonzo, DB (All-Star Gridiron Classic)
1995 – Dan Brandenburg, DT (Blue-Gray)
1992 – Charles Swann, WR (Senior Bowl)
1992 – Charles Swann, WR (Japan Bowl)
1990 – Steve Elmlinger, WR (Senior Bowl)
1985 – Vencie Glenn, DB (Blue-Gray)
1986 – Vencie Glenn, DB (Senior Bowl)
1982 – Kirk Wilson, WR (Senior Bowl)
1981 – Craig Shaffer, LB (Blue-Gray)
Indiana Football Hall of Fame
Future non-conference opponents
Announced schedules as of July 20, 2019.
References
External links
American football teams established in 1896
1896 establishments in Indiana
Leopold Grimme (5 June 1916 – 4 March 1988) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1946.
References
External links
1916 births
1988 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Shanthi Feeds Limited is an Indian multinational food products company headquartered in Coimbatore, India. The company was started in 1988 and is involved in broiler farming, hatcheries, feed mills for poultry and cattle, farming of soya, corn and wind energy projects. It markets and exports broiler chicken, frozen chicken, chicken eggs. The company has a production capacity of nearly 47 Million birds per annum.
References
Animal feed companies of India
Food and drink companies of India
Poultry companies
Companies based in Coimbatore
1988 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Indian companies established in 1988
Poultry industry in India
Agriculture companies of India
Nu Horologii, Latinized from ν Horologii, is the Bayer designation for a single star in the southern constellation of Horologium. It was catalogued by the Dutch explorer Frederick de Houtman in 1603. With an apparent visual magnitude of 5.3, this star can be seen with the naked eye from the southern hemisphere. (According to the Bortle scale, it can be seen at night from bright suburban skies.) Based upon parallax, Nu Horologii lies at a distance of 169 light-years from Earth. It is drifting closer to the Sun with a radial velocity of +31 km/s.
The stellar classification of A2 V indicates that it is an A-type main sequence star that is generating energy through thermonuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium at its core. Nu Horologii is larger and hotter than the Sun, with 190% of the Sun's mass, 188% of the radius of the Sun, and it shines with 16.7 times the solar luminosity. This is a young star with an estimated age of 540 million years, and it is spinning rapidly with a projected rotational velocity of 144 km/s along the equator. The effective temperature of the photosphere is 8,308 K, giving it the white-hued glow of an A-type star.
No orbiting companions down to the mass of a brown dwarf have been discovered within a radius of 150 AU of Nu Horologii. However, it is emitting an infrared excess that suggests it is being orbited by a debris disk of dust particles. The mean temperature of this disk is 56 K and it appears to have two components: an inner disk is orbiting at a distance of , while an outer disk lies from the star. The estimated mass of the disks is times the mass of the Earth. The disks may be viewed edge on, which limits the amount of detail that can be discerned.
Based upon their respective motions through space, ν Horologii had a close encounter with the star Alpha Fornacis some 351,200 years ago. The two stars came within of each other; close enough to disrupt their respective (hypothetical) Oort clouds. Potentially, the interaction may have produced asymmetries in the Nu Horologii debris disk, and could cause comet showers that increase the dust content. However, it is unlikely that the encounter was the cause of the disk itself.
References
A-type main-sequence stars
Circumstellar disks
Horologium (constellation)
Horologii, Nu
0852
Durchmusterung objects
017848
013141
The Presidential Palace, informally called the Gray Palace, is the residence for the President of Mauritania, located in Nouakchott. It is located in the centre of the city and is by far the most prominent landmark in the city, set in extensive gardens and grounds. It lies just to the northwest of the Lebanese International University, adjacent to the US embassy. To the south is the headquarters of the Central Bank of Mauritania. It was built with assistance from China.
References
Palaces in Mauritania
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
Government of Mauritania
Presidential residences
Sir John Heathcoat-Amory, 3rd Baronet (2 May 1894 – 22 November 1972) was an English cricketer. Heathcoat-Amory was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium.
Early life and war service
The son of Sir Ian Heathcoat-Amory, 2nd Baronet and Alexandra Georgina Seymour, Heathcoat-Amory was born at Mayfair, Middlesex. They were educated at Ludgrove School and Eton College, where they played cricket in the Eton v Harrow fixtures of 1912 and 1913, captaining the college in the latter year. After leaving Eton, they studied at Christ Church, Oxford, where they played first-class cricket for the university cricket club. Their first match was against Middlesex, making two further appearances in that season against the Free Foresters and GJV Weigall's XI. They also played in minor counties cricket for Devon in 1914, playing a single match against Berkshire, taking ten wickets in the match.
They fought in the First World War serving in the Devonshire Regiment. They served during the war in the British Raj, Mesopotamia, Persia and Russia. By the war's end they had reached the rank of captain.
Later life
Following the war, Heathcoat-Amory resumed playing minor counties cricket for Devon, and was appointed county captain in 1921. They held the office for Justice of the Peace for Devon in 1922. In 1926, they were selected to play a first-class fixture for the Free Foresters against Oxford University, scoring their only first-class half century with a score of 67 not out in the Free Foresters first-innings. In 1927 they played a first-class match for the West of England against the touring New Zealanders, and in 1928 they made a final first-class appearance for a combined Minor Counties cricket team against the touring Indians. They continued to play for Devon regularly until 1932, before making a final appearance for the county in 1935.
Following the death of their father in 1931, they succeeded to the title of 3rd Baronet of the Heathcoat-Amory baronets. They married Joyce Wethered, the four times champion of the British Ladies Amateur Golf Championship, on 6 January 1937. They held the position of High Sheriff of Devon in 1942, and later the Deputy Lieutenant of Devon in 1952. They died at Knightshayes Court near Tiverton, Devon on 22 November 1972. As they died without issue, they were succeeded as the 4th Baronet by Derick Heathcoat-Amory.
References
External links
1894 births
1972 deaths
People from Mayfair
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
British Army personnel of World War I
Devonshire Regiment officers
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Devon cricketers
Devon cricket captains
Free Foresters cricketers
West of England cricketers
Military personnel from Middlesex
Minor Counties cricketers
High Sheriffs of Devon
British Army personnel of the Russian Civil War
Deputy Lieutenants of Devon
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
People educated at Ludgrove School
Stevenage Football Club is an English association football club based in Stevenage, Hertfordshire. The team competes in League Two, the fourth tier of English football. The most recent appointment was that of Steve Evans, who was appointed as the club's manager in March 2022.
There have been 17 permanent managers of Stevenage since the club's formation in 1976. Victor Folbigg was the first manager of the newly formed team, although the club had not taken on senior status during their tenure. Derek Montgomery, who was already part of the management team, was appointed as the club's first manager at senior level and they oversaw the club's transition from intermediate to senior status in 1980. Paul Fairclough has had the longest tenure of any Stevenage manager, spending eight years and six months as manager between 1990 and 1998. Fairclough led the club to three promotions in their first four years in charge, as well as winning the Conference National during the 1995–96 season, although the club were ultimately denied promotion.
Stevenage became the first team to win a competitive match at the new Wembley Stadium when they won the FA Trophy under Mark Stimson's management in 2007. It was the first time the club had won a national cup competition. Graham Westley, who was serving their second of four spells as manager, was the club's first manager in the Football League having guided Stevenage to the Conference Premier title in the 2009–10 season. The spell would prove to be their most fruitful; adding an FA Trophy triumph in 2009 and promotion via the play-offs into League One to their honours list.
The following list details the statistical record of the managers and any honours or promotions they achieved. This chronological list comprises all those who have held the position of manager of the first team of Stevenage. Each manager's entry includes their dates of tenure and the club's overall competitive record, in terms of matches won, drawn and lost, honours won and significant achievements while under their care. Caretaker managers are included, as well as those who have been in permanent charge.
Managerial history
1976–1990
The club was formed in 1976 following the demise of the town's former club, Stevenage Athletic. Prior to the club taking on senior status, the newly formed club was first managed by Victor Folbigg. Folbigg helped the team to win two Eastern Counties Youth Cup titles during their time as manager. Folbigg was replaced by Derek Montgomery in 1979, who was already a part of the existing management team. Montgomery would oversee the club's transition from intermediate to senior status, and they were manager for the club's first senior match in the United Counties League in 1980. They helped guide the club to the United Counties League Division One championship, as well as the United Counties League Cup, in their first season.
Frank Cornwell took charge in July 1983. Cornwell was making the step up to first-team manager having joined the club during the 1982–83 season as reserve team manager. They remained as first-team manager for four years, guiding the team to the Isthmian League Division Two North title during the 1985–86 season. Cornwell tendered their resignation as manager ahead of the 1987–88 season after a poor end to the previous season. The club persuaded them to stay, but they ultimately resigned from the role in September 1987; a match-day programme at the time of their departure stated they had been a "victim of their own success". John Bailey was named as Cornwell's replacement, with the club being relegated back to the Isthmian Division Two North during their one season as manager. Brian Williams was tasked with steadying the club following the relegation; appointed as manager in July 1988. They spent two full seasons in charge, guiding Stevenage to two fourth-place finishes.
1990–2008
Paul Fairclough, departing from Hertford Town, was appointed as the club's manager in June 1990 and their arrival would ultimately prove to be a turning point in the club's history. The club won Division Two North during Fairclough's first season as manager, winning 34 of their 42 games, including every match played at home, scoring 122 goals and amassing 107 points. Back-to-back promotions were earned a year later as the team won the Isthmian League Division One title. Stevenage then won promotion to the Football Conference in 1994, meaning the club had been promoted three times in four seasons. Two seasons later, they won the Conference under Fairclough's management, but were denied promotion due to insufficient ground facilities.
Fairclough remained as the club's manager until December 1998 having also guided the club to the first round of the FA Cup for the first time, as well as two well-documented FA Cup ties against Newcastle United during the 1997–98 season. They took charge for 509 matches during their first spell with the club, which is a club record for games managed in one spell. Their win percentage of 56.58% is also the highest win percentage of any Stevenage manager. When Fairclough departed, Richard Hill took over the club in third place in the Conference. The club ultimately finished in sixth during the 1998–99 season. Hill was sacked in April 2000 following a poor run of form and Steve Wignall took charge for the remainder of the 2000–01 season. Wignall left the club after just eight games in order to become manager of Doncaster Rovers.
Following Wignall's departure, Fairclough returned for a second spell. They spent a year-and-a-half in charge before leaving midway through the 2001–02 season. Fairclough was replaced by Wayne Turner, who had previously been assistant manager at Peterborough United. Turner helped guide the club to the FA Trophy Final having taken over with the club at the quarter-final stage, where they would lose to Yeovil Town at Villa Park. With the club occupying last place in the Conference league table, Turner was sacked in December 2002. A month later, Graham Westley, who had been manager at Farnborough Town, was named as manager. Westley helped guide the club to safety having signed seven players from their former club. During their first spell, Westley came close to guiding the club to the Football League in the 2004–05 season, losing in the Conference play-off final to Carlisle United in May 2005. They left a year later when their contract expired.
Replacing Westley was Mark Stimson, who had left fellow Conference team Grays Athletic. Stimson had the team playing an attacking style of football and helped guide the club to their first honours in a decade when the team won the FA Trophy at the first competitive match at the new Wembley Stadium in May 2007. It was the first time that Stevenage had won a national cup competition. With the team towards the top of the Conference league table in the opening months of the 2007–08 season, Stimson left to join Gillingham. They were replaced by former England caretaker manager Peter Taylor, tasked with helping guide the club into the Football League. The club ultimately fell out of the play-off positions and Taylor left at the end of the season.
2008–
Westley returned for a second spell in May 2008. Whilst their appointment was met with scepticism by some Stevenage supporters, they stated they had come to "finish the job they started" – referring to trying to guide the club into the Football League for the first time in its history. Westley's first season back at the club started slowly, but a club record 24-match unbeaten run meant Stevenage made the play-offs, ultimately losing at the semi-final stage. That season, they won the FA Trophy, and the success was to signify the start of a successful period for the club. Westley guided Stevenage into the Football League after the team won the Conference Premier title during the 2009–10 season, also finishing as FA Trophy runners-up that season. It meant that Westley was Stevenage's first manager in the Football League. They helped guide the team to back-to-back promotions into League One after the club won promotion via the play-offs in May 2011. With the club in the League One play-off places in January 2012, Westley left to join divisional rivals Preston North End. Former Colorado Rapids manager Gary Smith was appointed as Westley's replacement later that month, helping the club reach the play-off semi-final that season. In doing so, they guided the club to their highest placed league finish.
Despite Stevenage being in the top six of League One midway through the 2012–13 season, a run of 14 losses from 18 matches from December 2012 meant the club were closer to the relegation places just three months later. Smith was subsequently sacked in March 2013 and replaced by Westley, returning for their third spell at the club. Stevenage were relegated back into League Two during the 2013–14 season after finishing in last place in League One. The team lost in the play-off semi-finals in their first season back in League Two. The club opted against offering Westley a new deal and replaced them with Teddy Sheringham, taking on their first managerial role. Sheringham was sacked in February 2016 with the club positioned in 19th. First-team coach Darren Sarll took caretaker charge for the remainder of the season and was given the role on a permanent basis after helping the club secure League Two safety. With Stevenage in 16th place during the 2017–18 season, Sarll was sacked in March 2018; Wallace stating the club "had not seen the progress expected" since making a number of signings during the January transfer window. Former player and first-team coach, Dino Maamria, replaced Sarll as manager.
Stevenage started the 2019–20 season without a win in the opening month of the season and Maamria was subsequently sacked in September 2019. First-team coach Mark Sampson took caretaker charge, but with the club in 23rd-place after several months under their management, Westley returned for a fourth spell in December 2019. Two months later, Westley resigned, and was replaced by Alex Revell, who had previously assumed the role of player-coach at the club. Revell managed the club for 77 matches, with the club placing in 14th position in League Two in their one full season as manager. With Stevenage in 21st place three months into the 2021–22 season, Revell left the club. Paul Tisdale was appointed as manager on 29 November 2021. After winning three of their 21 matches as manager, Tisdale left the club on 16 March 2022. Steve Evans was appointed as the club's new manager on the same day. The club won four of their final nine matches under Evans to avoid relegation and finish in 21st position.
Managers
Information correct as of 27 August 2022. Competitive matches counted only. Caretaker managers are shown in italics.
References
External links
Stevenage F.C. official website
Managers
Stevenage
The Cape Government Railways 3rd Class 4-4-0 of 1884 was a South African steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Cape of Good Hope.
In 1884, the Cape Government Railways placed two experimental 3rd Class tender locomotives with a 4-4-0 American type wheel arrangement in service. They were designed at the Salt River shops in Cape Town to be able to use the low-grade local coal with its high content of incombustible matter.
Stormberg coalfields
In 1883, the extension of the Cape Government Railways (CGR) Eastern System's line from Queenstown reached Sterkstroom and passed through the Stormberg coalfields, where the Molteno and Cyphergat mines were operating.
While the Colonial coal was much cheaper than imported Welsh coal, it had a non-combustible content of as high as 29%. This led to difficulties when it was used in locomotives, since it frequently caused train delays as a result of unscheduled stops to allow the stoker to clear the grate of clinker and ash.
In attempts to overcome the clinker problem, John D. Tilney, the Eastern System's Locomotive Superintendent, carried out many experiments on some of the [[CGR 4th Class 4-6-0TT 1880|4th Class locomotives which had entered service on the Eastern System in 1880. One of these involved modifying the boilers and frames to accommodate oscillating firebars and larger fireboxes. They also modified approximately thirty locomotives by installing extended fireboxes with wire netting spark arresters and steam blowers and can be considered one of the foremost pioneers of these devices.
Tilney's initiatives did not pass unnoticed. In 1881, the General Manager appointed Mr. Hawthorne R. Thornton as Chief Locomotive Superintendent for the whole of the Cape of Good Hope, in response to the "growing tendency on the part of the several Locomotive Superintendents to bring in modifications of designs in essential parts of the engines and rolling stock".
Locomotive design
With three exceptions, the CGR's 4th Class of 1880 and its Stephenson and Joy valve gear versions of 1882 which had been designed by Western System Locomotive Superintendent Michael Stephens, detailed locomotive designing had hitherto been done by the manufacturers, working on no more than the CGR locomotive department's description of their main requirements. It gradually became apparent, however, that accepted European practices in locomotive design were not suited to South African conditions, since it was found that boilers had difficulty to maintain steam pressure when using anything but the best imported Welsh coal, firebox water spaces were too limited and the tubes were frequently pitched too close. Beginning with the pioneering work done by Tilney, locomotive mechanical engineers of the CGR began to exert greater influence on locomotive designs.
Manufacturer
Based on the results of Tilney's experiments, complete sets of drawings for an experimental American type tender passenger locomotive and an experimental Tenwheeler type tank-and-tender goods locomotive were prepared at the CGR's Salt River shops in 1882 and submitted to Neilson and Company, for the construction of two and four locomotives. The design of the two types was also an early attempt at standardisation, since their boilers and tenders and many other parts were made interchangeable.
Characteristics
The locomotives were delivered with Joy valve gear. The three-axle tender was unusual, since the leading axle was mounted in a rigid frame while the other two were mounted in a bogie. This was the first time that a bogie was used under a tender in South Africa, but also the only time that this tender wheel arrangement was used on the CGR. This peculiar tender wheel arrangement appeared in South Africa on only one other occasion, eighteen years later on the Baldwin-built Zululand Railway Company 2-6-0 construction locomotive in Natal.
The firebox was specially designed to Tilney's specifications to cope with the high percentage of clinker and ash content of Colonial coal from the Stormberg Range. A large drop-grate which occupied approximately half of the firebox area, with specially-designed sawtooth-shaped firebars, was arranged at the front end of the firebox. The firebars could be vibrated by a hand-operated lever in the cab, while the drop grate was controlled by two chains, fitted at each end and also manipulated from the cab.
Service
The 4-4-0 locomotives entered service in 1884 and were designated 3rd Class, numbered E53 and E54 for the Eastern System. Engine no. E54 was delivered to the Eastern system, where Tilney carried out extensive tests using the Stormberg coal. Engine no. E53 was initially delivered to the Western System, for evaluation and testing by Chief Locomotive Superintendent Thornton who, in turn, experimented with coal from Viljoensdrif.
The locomotives gave good results during testing and in service. It was reported at year-end in 1884 that the use of the low-grade coal led to a saving of 1¾d. per engine-mile. They were, however, difficult to fire due to their very long and narrow grates, and it was admitted in the report that dealing with the large drop-grate and the increased amount of clinker and ash placed greater physical strain on the stokers.
No more locomotives of this experimental design were ordered when better quality coal began to become available from the coalfields in Natal, more suitable for use in the standard locomotives.
Both locomotives were renumbered by 1886, when the system number prefixes were done away with and the Eastern System's locomotives were renumbered into the 600 number range. Engine no. E53 became no. 645 and engine no. E54 became no. 646. Neither entered South African Railways service, since both were withdrawn from CGR service between 1900 and 1910.
Illustration
References
0270
0270
4-4-0 locomotives
2′B n2 locomotives
Neilson locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1884
1884 in South Africa
Scrapped locomotives
Kuwait has 1,487 mosques (2016).
See also
Lists of mosques
Islam in Kuwait
References
Kuwait
Mosques
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Nara was born in Yokosuka on December 12, 1982. After graduating from high school, they joined J1 League club Consadole Sapporo in 2001. On March 9, 2002, they debuted as substitute from the 78th minute against Vegalta Sendai. However they could only play this match until 2002. In 2003, they moved to Regional Leagues club Thespa Kusatsu. In 2004, they moved to Japan Football League club Gunma FC Horikoshi (later FC Horikoshi). They played many matches as regular player. In September 2005, they moved to Regional Leagues club Rosso Kumamoto. In 2006, they moved to Regional Leagues club Matsumoto Yamaga FC. However they could not play many matches. In May 2007, they moved to Regional Leagues club Zweigen Kanazawa. They played many matches and scored many goals in 2 seasons. They retired end of 2008 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Japan Football League players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Thespakusatsu Gunma players
Arte Takasaki players
Roasso Kumamoto players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Zweigen Kanazawa players
Association football midfielders
Marocaine Mosque is a mosque in the southern central part of Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located south of Ould Abas Mosque, near the Marocaine Market and next to the Moroccan Cultural Centre.
See also
Islam in Mauritania
References
Mosques in Mauritania
Buildings and structures in Nouakchott
The women's 100m backstroke events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
S2
S6
Final
Eight swimmers from eight nations took part.
S7
Final
Seven swimmers from four nations took part.
S8
S9
S10
S11
S12
Final
Eight swimmers from eight nations took part.
S13
Final
Six swimmers from five nations took part.
S14
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
Auditorio Benito Juarez is a 2,500-seat indoor arena located in Los Mochis, Sinaloa, Mexico.
It is used primarily for basketball, boxing, lucha libre, concerts, and other events. With 2,500 square meters (26,900 square feet) of exhibit space it is also Los Mochis' largest indoor convention center, allowing it to also be used for trade shows, conventions and banquets.
External links
Los Mochis at visitmexico.com
Indoor arenas in Mexico
Convention centers in Mexico
Buildings and structures in Sinaloa
Los Mochis
Boxing venues in Mexico
Hazeldine may refer to:
Hazeldine (band), an American alternative country band
Hazledine and Company, an historical English ironworks
Surname
Alan Hazeldine (1948–2008), British pianist and conductor
Andrew Hazeldine (born 1994), British and New Zealand cricketer
Angela Hazeldine (born 1981), Welsh actor and musician
James Hazeldine (1947–2002), British actor
John Hazledine (1760–1810), English ironworker and engineer
Max Hazeldine (born 1997), English professional footballer
Sam Hazeldine (born 1972), English actor
Stuart Hazeldine (born 1971), British screenwriter, film producer and director
See also
Hazeltine (disambiguation), a disambiguation page
The SIAI S.19 was an Italian racing flying boat built by SIAI for the 1920 Schneider Trophy race.
Design and development
The S.19 was a single-seat biplane flying boat with its engine mounted on struts above its hull and below its upper wing. The Ansaldo San Giorgio 4E-29 engine drove a two-bladed pusher propeller. Small stabilizer floats were mounted beneath the lower wing on each side.
Operational history
The S.19s engine was not ready in time for the 1920 Schneider Trophy race, and the aircraft did not participate.
Operators
Specifications
See also
Notes
References
Aviation: SIAI racing seaplanes
1920s Italian sport aircraft
S.19
Flying boats
Schneider Trophy
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Biplanes
Aircraft first flown in 1920
Marcus Wilson Acheson (June 7, 1828 – June 21, 1906), frequently known as M. W. Acheson, was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and of the United States Circuit Courts for the Third Circuit and previously was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
Family
Acheson was born on June 7, 1828, in Washington, Pennsylvania, son of David and Mary (Wilson) Acheson.
They were married to Sophie Reiter on June 9, 1859.
Education and career
Acheson received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1845 from Washington College (now Washington & Jefferson College) and read law in 1852. They were in private practice in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1852 to 1880. They received the degree LL.D. from Washington and Jefferson College in 1881.
Federal judicial service
Acheson was nominated by President Rutherford B. Hayes on January 6, 1880, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania vacated by Judge Winthrop Welles Ketcham. They were confirmed by the United States Senate on January 14, 1880, and received their commission the same day. Their service terminated on February 9, 1891, due to their elevation to the Third Circuit.
Acheson was nominated by President Benjamin Harrison on January 23, 1891, to a seat on the United States Circuit Courts for the Third Circuit vacated by Judge William McKennan. They were confirmed by the Senate on February 3, 1891, and received their commission the same day. Acheson was assigned by operation of law to additional and concurrent service on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit on June 16, 1891, to a new seat authorized by 26 Stat. 826 (Evarts Act). Their service terminated on June 21, 1906, due to their death in Pittsburgh.
References
Sources
Acheson's entry at Burke's Peerage and Gentry
1828 births
1906 deaths
19th-century American judges
Judges of the United States circuit courts
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit
Judges of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania lawyers
People from Washington, Pennsylvania
United States federal judges appointed by Benjamin Harrison
United States federal judges appointed by Rutherford B. Hayes
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
United States federal judges admitted to the practice of law by reading law
Mount Leisler is the highest point in the Kintore Range in the south-west of the Northern Territory of Australia. Its elevation is .
Location and features
Mount Leisler was named by William Tietkens on 27 May 1889. Tietkens was in command of the "Central Australian Exploring Expedition" 1889 under the auspices of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, South Australian Branch. They named Kintore Range in honour of Lord Kintore, governor of South Australia, and Mount Leisler in honour of Mr Louis Leisler of Glasgow who had provided funds for Tietkens to open up land between Fowlers Bay, South Australia and the Musgrave Ranges.
Tietkens measured the height of the mountain at above the surrounding plain.
Tietkens blazed a tree at the base of the mountain with the letter T, below which were the numbers 5.89. This tree was re-discovered by Len Beadell in 1960 while building the Sandy Blight Junction Road, and some branches were still bearing foliage. The tree has since died and fallen over.
See also
List of mountains of the Northern Territory
Sandy Blight Junction Road
Tietkens expedition of 1889
References
Mountains of the Northern Territory
Enderson Alves Moreira (born 28 September 1971), known as Enderson Moreira, is a Brazilian football manager, currently in charge of Bahia.
Managerial career
Born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Moreira had a Physical Education graduation before joining América Mineiro's youth setup in 1995, as a fitness coach. In 1996, after being appointed manager of the under-20s, they led the side to the first Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior title of their history. Moreira later was in charge of local lower clubs, and after another stint at América, was appointed as Atlético Mineiro's under-20 manager. They later moved to the latter's fierce rivals Cruzeiro, again finishing first in Copinha.
On 26 October 2008 Moreira was appointed Ipatinga manager, after previously being the club's assistant manager. After failing to avoid relegation with the club, they subsequently returned to youth football.
On 23 December 2009, after a spell at Atlético Paranaense, Moreira was named Sport Club Internacional B manager. On 21 March 2011 they were appointed assistant manager at Fluminense, but acted as the club's interim for two months.
On 28 September 2011 Moreira was appointed at the helm of Goiás. They led the club to a Série B title in 2012, and also achieved an impressive sixth position in the following year's Série A, but opted to not renew their contract in December 2013.
On 16 December 2013 Moreira signed for Grêmio, but was relieved from their duties on 27 July 2014. On 3 September they were appointed Santos manager, replacing fired Oswaldo de Oliveira.
On 5 March 2015 Moreira was sacked, despite the club's unbeaten status in the year. On the 16th they were named manager of Atlético Paranaense, replacing fired Claudinei Oliveira. Their spell at the latter didn't last long, and they were relieved from their duties on 20 April.
On 21 May 2015 Moreira returned to Fluminense, after Ricardo Drubscky's dismissal. Dismissed on 15 September after a 1–4 heavy loss against Palmeiras, they returned to Goiás on 15 December ahead of the 2016 campaign.
Moreira was fired by the Esmeraldino on 8 June 2016, with the club in the relegation places. On 20 July they signed for América Mineiro, seriously threatened with relegation in the top tier; after improving the club's performance overall, they still failed to avoid the drop three matches before the end of the tournament.
In 2017, Moreira led América back to the Série A, after winning the Série B tournament. On 16 June 2018, they resigned from the club, and was announced after accepting an offer from fellow top division club Bahia.
On 1 April 2019, after being knocked out of the year's Copa do Nordeste, Moreira was dismissed by Bahia. Late in the month, they replaced fired Lisca at the helm of Ceará, but was themselves sacked on 1 October.
On 10 February 2020, Moreira returned to Ceará, replacing sacked Argel Fucks, but resigned on 17 March to take over Cruzeiro the following day. They were relieved of their duties on 8 September, after a 1–1 home draw against CRB, and returned to Goiás on the 28th; their spell at the latter club also did not last long, as they were sacked on 17 November after ten winless matches.
On 7 January 2021, Moreira replaced Marcelo Chamusca at the helm of Fortaleza, still in the top tier. They were sacked on 25 April, after being knocked out of the 2021 Copa do Nordeste.
On 20 July 2021, Moreira again replaced Chamusca, now in charge of Botafogo. They led the club back to the top tier as champions, but was still sacked the following 11 February.
On 26 June 2022, Moreira returned to Bahia, in the place of sacked Guto Ferreira.
Managerial statistics
Honours
América Mineiro
Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior: 1996
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2017
Cruzeiro
Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior: 2007
Campeonato Brasileiro Sub-20: 2007
Internacional
Copa Sub-23: 2010
Goiás
Campeonato Goiano: 2012, 2013, 2016
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2012
Botafogo
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B: 2021
References
External links
Lancepedia profile
1971 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Belo Horizonte
Brazilian football managers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A manager
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B managers
Ipatinga Futebol Clube managers
Fluminense FC managers
Goiás Esporte Clube managers
Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense managers
Santos FC managers
Club Athletico Paranaense managers
América Futebol Clube (MG) managers
Esporte Clube Bahia managers
Ceará Sporting Club managers
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube managers
Fortaleza Esporte Clube managers
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas managers
The 1998 United States Senate election in Idaho was held November 3, 1998 alongside other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Dirk Kempthorne decided to retire after one term to run for governor. Republican nominee Mike Crapo won the open seat.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bill Mauk, Chairman of the Idaho Democratic Party
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Mike Crapo, U.S. Representative
Matt Lambert
Results
General election
Candidates
Mike Crapo (R), U.S. Representative
George Mansfeld (NL)
Bill Mauk (D), Chairman of the Idaho Democratic Party
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Idaho
1998
The Sanshan Islands (literally three hill islands; ()) are a group of three islands on Lake Tai in Wuxi, Jiangsu, China. It was a noted bandit haunt with temples and tall Buddha statues, the Lingshan Buddha on the Ma Shan peninsula being 289 feet (88 metres) high.
References
Islands of Jiangsu
National parks of China
Lake islands of China
The Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast (formerly State Duma of Tomsk Oblast) is the standing regional legislative parliament of the government of Tomsk Oblast, a single-chamber body of 42 deputies.
Overview
Half of the 42 deputies are elected by a proportional system and the other half by single-member constituencies. Deputies are elected by the population of the region on the basis of universal, equal and direct suffrage by secret ballot for a period of 5 years.
The Duma adopts laws, resolutions, statements, appeals and also conducts control activities. Funded from the regional budget.
Legislative elections were held in 1994, 1997, 2001, 2007, 2011 and 2016. The last elections took place in September 2016.
Every year the Regional Duma organizes a competition for the title “Laureate of the Prize of the Legislative Duma of the Tomsk Region for young scientists and young talents”; also, outstanding Tomsk citizens are encouraged by a whole system of regional awards.
For a long time, a democratic (with minimal moderation of outright vandalism) discussion forum operated on the official website, including the 43rd deputy with a section of people's legislative proposals. The purpose of the Forum is a discussion of site visitors on issues of lawmaking and on expressing opinions on the main burning issues of the region and country. The names of the topics and their content were not subjected to special political censorship. The main condition for the existence of a topic or message on the forum was the rule of consistency with the legislation of the Russian Federation. The topic of communication was not strictly regulated, but it was assumed that it should correspond to the informational focus of the site and help the deputies navigate the mood of the electorate, indicate the Tomsk topical problems. In the spring of 2013, the forum was closed for reconstruction.
Chairpersons of the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast
Structure
The Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast is a permanent acting supreme and only legislative (representative) body of state power of Tomsk Oblast.
Legislative, representative and supervising functions of The Duma are determined by the Charter (Principal Law) of Tomsk Oblast and other laws of Tomsk Oblast in accordance with the Constitution of the Russian Federation and federal laws.
Before January 2011, this body was called the State Duma of Tomsk Oblast. Before the State Duma of Tomsk Oblast, it was called the Tomsk Oblast Duma. In turn, this was the successor of the Tomsk Oblast Council of People's Deputies.
The 6th Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast has 5 currently working committees:
Committee on Budget and Finance
Committee on Legislation, State Structure and Security
Committee on Construction, Infrastructure and Environmental Management
Committee on Labor and Social Policy
Committee on Economic Policy
The powers of the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast:
The Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast is authorized to:
–adopt the Charter (Principal Law), laws and other normative legal acts of Tomsk Oblast;
–approve the regional budget and report on its implementation;
–approve the social and economic development strategy of Tomsk Oblast;
–establish regional taxes and regional tax exemptions;
–establish the procedure for the privatization of property in Tomsk Oblast, and the procedure for the management and disposal of property in the Oblast;
–hear the annual reports of the Governor of Tomsk Oblast on the performance results of the executive body of state power of Tomsk Oblast, including with regard to matters raised by the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast;
– resolve matters of the administrative and territorial system of the Oblast;
– submit draft federal laws to the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation;
– identify the procedure for elections to the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast, and elections of the Governor of Tomsk Oblast;
– fix the elections to the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast and elections of the Governor of Tomsk Oblast;
– establish the procedure for elections to local government bodies in Tomsk Oblast;
– determine the procedure for regional and local referendums;
– decide to call a regional referendum;
– empower the member of The Council of The Federation of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation representing the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast;
– appoint justices of the peace;
– approve the concept of the General Prosecutor of the Russian Federation on the appointment of the Oblast's prosecutor;
– appoint the Ombudsman for Human Rights in Tomsk Oblast and the Ombudsman for Children's Rights in Tomsk Oblast; to nominate a candidate for the position of Business Rights Commissioner in Tomsk Oblast to The Governor of Tomsk Oblast;
– appoint half of the members of the Election Commission of Tomsk Oblast;
– appoint the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and Auditors of the Chamber of Control and Accounts of Tomsk Oblast;
– adopt laws on administrative offenses;
– establish liability for the violation of laws and other normative legal acts of the Oblast published with respect to issues within its competence;
– exercise other powers in accordance with the Constitution of the Russian Federation, federal constitutional laws, federal laws, the Charter (Principal Law) and other laws of Tomsk Oblast.
The Duma oversees observance and execution of laws and other regional normative legal acts, regional budget, usage of credit resources and allocations from the budget of the Russian Federation and regional budget, budgetary means of local State non-budgetary fund, and the implementation of the social and economic development strategy of the Oblast.
It also oversees the disposal of the regional, federal and other property transferred in management to the state power bodies of the Oblast, and performs other oversight functions in accordance with federal and regional laws.
Composition
2016
References
External links
Official website of the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast
Politics of Tomsk Oblast
Tomsk
Tomsk
"The Griffin" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 610, Fruit to Cure the Princess; and type 461, Three Hairs from the Devil. The Brothers Grimm noted its similarity to The Devil With the Three Golden Hairs.
The opening type is seldom a stand-alone tale; it combines with others, such as type 461, as in this, or type 570, the Rabbit Herd, as in The Three May Peaches, to form a complete tale. The opening also features in Jesper Who Herded the Hares.
Synopsis
A king's daughter was ill, and it was foretold they would be made well by eating an apple. The king declared that whoever brought the apple to cure them would marry them A peasant with three sons sent the oldest, Uele, with a basket of apples. They met a little iron man who asked them what was in the basket and said "Frogs' legs." The man said that so it was, and when they reached the king, it did contain frogs' legs. The king drove them out. The peasant sent their second son, Seame, who answered "Hogs' bristles", made the same discovery and received the same reception.
The youngest son, Hans, who was rather a fool, begged to go too, until their father let him. When they met the iron man, they said the basket contained the apples which the princess would eat to make themselves well. The iron man said that it was so. The basket held apples when they reached the castle, and the princess was cured.
The king, however, refused to let them marry until they had a boat that traveled over dry land and sea. Hans went home and told their father. Their father sent Uele to the forest to make such a ship; the iron man came to them and asked what they were making; when Uele said "Wooden bowls" that was what they made. Seame suffered the same fate, but when Hans told the iron man they were making a ship that would travel over land and sea, they made such a boat.
The king set Hans to watch a hundred hares in a meadow all day. Hans did so, not losing any. The king sent a maid to beg one from him, for guests. Hans refused it, but said they would give one to the king's daughter. Then the iron man gave them a whistle that would summon any hare back. Hans gave the king's daughter a hare but then whistled it back.
The king sent Hans to fetch them a feather from the griffin's tail. On the way, a lord of a castle asked them to ask the griffin where was the lost key to their money chest; another lord, how their ill daughter could be cured; a giant, why they had to carry people over a lake. At the griffin's castle, they met the griffin's wife, who warned them that the griffin would eat him, but at night, they could pull out a feather, and then they would get the answers for him.
Hans did as they said, and when they pulled the feather, the griffin woke. The wife told them that a man had been there and gone away, but told them some stories first. They repeated them, and the griffin said that the key was in the wood house, under a log; that a toad had made a nest of the daughter's hair, but they would recover if they took the hair out; that the giant had only to put someone down in the middle of the lake and they would be free. Hans left and told the other lords what they had learned; they gave them rich treasures. When they reached the king, they claimed the griffin had given them. The king set out to get some, but they were the first man to reach the giant, who put them down in the lake, where they drowned. Hans married the princess and became king.
Adaptations
Television
Elements from the story feature in the episode "The Luck Child" from Jim Henson's The Storyteller.
See also
The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship
How the Hermit helped to win the King's Daughter
The King Of Lochlin's Three Daughters
The Swineherd
References
Griffin
Griffin
Griffin
Griffin
ATU 560-649
ATU 460-499
Jesse Hawley may refer to:
Jesse Hawley (merchant) (fl. early 19th century), American entrepreneur and activist
Jesse Hawley (American football) (1887–1946), American football coach
Guðbjörg Inga Aradóttir FRES is an Icelandic entomologist and researcher at the National Institute of Agricultural Botany (NIAB) in the UK. Them work identifies novel crop protection solutions against insect agricultural pests and the diseases they transmit.  They are particularly known for their research on plant resistance to cereal aphids and the Barley Yellow Dwarf Virus
Guðbjörg has previously worked at the Natural History Museum in London and the Icelandic Institute of Natural History.  They are a fellow and trustee of the Royal Entomological Society.
References
Living people
Women entomologists
Fellows of the Royal Entomological Society
Year of birth missing (living people)
Gudbjorg Aradottir
Gudbjorg Aradottir
The rusty-cheeked scimitar babbler (Erythrogenys erythrogenys) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae native to South-East Asia.
Subspecies
Erythrogenys erythrogenys has a number of recognized subspecies:
E. e. erythrogenys (northwest Himalayas)
E. e. imberbis
E. e. haringtoni
E. e. gravivox
E. e. macclellandi
E. e. ferrugilatus (central Himalayas from Nepal to Bhutan)
E. e. imberbis (east Myanmar)
E. e. celata (east Myanmar and northeast Thailand)
Description
The species is olive-brown above with rusty coluring on the sides of the face, head, thighs, and flanks. The belly is mostly white. Sexes are alike. The beak is long and decurved in a scimitar shape.
Distribution and habitat
The rusty-cheeked scimitar babbler is found from the Himalayas to Myanmar. It inhabits subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest habitats at elevations up to 2600 m.
Ecology
The bird feeds mostly on the forest floor and in low canopy, forming small groups. Food items include insects, grubs and seeds. Calls consist of a mellow, fluty whistle, a two-noted "CUE..PE...CUE..pe" call followed by single note replay by mate, guttural alarm calls and a liquid contact note. The species is generally quite noisy.
References
Further reading
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
rusty-cheeked scimitar babbler
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Myanmar
rusty-cheeked scimitar babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Orthetrum kollmannspergeri is a freshwater dragonfly in the Libellulidae family. The kollmannspergeri species is present in Africa and western Arabia. Due to many similarities, it is often confused with its Asian counterpart, Orthetrum taeniolatum.
See also
Orthetrum
References
Insects described in 1959
Libellulidae
Crubeen, formerly The Longkesh Ramblers, was a 1970s Irish folk band from Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland.
Background and recording
Crubeen recorded and produced all their material in Dublin.
Crubeen released their debut album Eagle's Whistle in 1976 with EMI Ireland and followed it up by another album with the simple title Crubeen in 1978, released by CBS records. They also featured on a number of compilations albums Best of Irish Folk, alongside The Sands Family and Planxty.
Personnel
Crubeen
Benny McKay: bodhran and vocal
Eddie Ruddy: flute, whistle and concertina
Barney Gribbon: banjo, mandolin, concertina and harmonica
Tommy Hollywood: guitar, mandolin and vocal
Paddy Clerkin: vocals, guitar, double bass, five-string banjoes
John Waterson: fiddle, viola, dulcimer
Billy Fegan: tin whistle, harmonica and vocal
Production team
Leo O'Kelly – production
Bob Harper – engineering
Ronnie Norton – cover design & photography
Discography
Source: The Irish Music Review
Eagle' Whistle (1976, LP, EMI, Ireland)
Crubeen (1978, LP, CBS Records, Ireland)
Crubeen featured on compilation albums
The Best Of Irish Folk see it here
Label: EMI
Catalogue Number: # PCD-2059 LP
1977—EMI PCD-2059 LP
Best of Irish Folk
Label: One Up
Catalogue Number: # OU 2180
16 Track Compilation Featuring Crubeens, Sands Family, Gemma Hasson, Planxty, Aileach & Blacksmiths
The best of Irish Folk - album ( 1980 )
Label: Peters International Records
Catalogue Number:# PLD 2059
References
Musical groups from County Down
Folk music groups from Northern Ireland
Matthew Putman is an American scientist, educator, musician and film & stage producer.  They are best known for their work in nanotechnology, the science of working in dimensions smaller than 100 nanometers. Putman currently serves as the CEO of Nanotronics Imaging, an advanced machines and intelligence company that has redefined factory control through the invention of a platform that combines AI, automation, and sophisticated imaging to assist human ingenuity in detecting flaws in manufacturing. They recently built New York State's first high-tech manufacturing hub, located in Building 20 of the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
Career
After receiving a B.A. in Music and Theater from Baldwin-Wallace University in Ohio, Putman worked as Vice President of Development for Tech Pro, Inc., a business launched by their parents, Kay and John Putman, in 1982. They later received a PhD in Applied Mathematics and Physics, and served as a professor and researcher.
Tech-Pro was acquired by Roper Industries in March 2008. That same year, John and Matthew Putman founded Nanotronics Imaging, which includes Peter Thiel as the 3rd director on the Board.
Putman has published over 30 papers and is an inventor on over 50 patent applications filed in the U.S. and other countries for their work on manufacturing, automation, inspection, instrumentation, super resolution, and artificial intelligence.  They are an expert in quantum computing and a founding member of The Quantum Industry Coalition. Their groundbreaking inventions in manufacturing include the development of the world's most advanced inspection instrument, which combines super resolution, AI, and robotics. They have lectured at the University of Paris, USC, University of Michigan, and The Technical University of São Paulo.
Along with their scientific and engineering work, Matthew Putman has produced several plays and films. Putman is an Artist-in-Residence for Imagine Science Films, which seeks to build relationships between scientists and filmmakers. They most recently produced the critically acclaimed film, Son of Monarchs which premiered at Sundance in February 2021 and was awarded the Sloane Prize. also published a book of poems, Magnificent Chaos, partly written during their battle with esophagal cancer in 2005 (AuthorHouse, 2011).
A jazz pianist and composer, they appear on the CDs Perennial (2008), Gowanus Recordings (577 Records, 2009), Telepathic Alliances (577 Records, 2017) and has played with jazz masters Ornette Coleman, Daniel Carter and Vijay Iyer. They have performed in several venues and festivals, including the Forward Festival. Their most recent jazz album was released on in April 2021 with 577 records, featuring Michael Sarian.
They have also published a book of poems, Magnificent Chaos, partly written during their battle with esophagal cancer in 2005 (AuthorHouse, 2011).
Matthew Putman serves on the Board of Directors of Pioneer Works and New York Live Arts.  They are an Artist-in-Residence for Imagine Science Films, which seeks to build relationships between scientists and filmmakers.
References
American nanotechnologists
American chief executives
American jazz musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Baldwin Wallace University alumni
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
American scientists
Nanotechnology
Jazz
Prospheres is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Prospheres alternecostata Levey, 1978
Prospheres aurantiopicta (Laporte & Gory, 1837)
Prospheres chrysocoma Fauvel, 1891
Prospheres norfolkensis Levey, 1978
References
Buprestidae genera
Forza Motorsport 5 is a 2013 racing video game developed by Turn 10 Studios and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox One. The game was released on November 22, 2013 as a launch title. The game was revealed on May 21, 2013 during the Xbox One reveal event. Jeremy Clarkson, who was featured in the previous installment, Forza Motorsport 4, returned to narrate alongside James May, and Richard Hammond who co-presented alongside Jeremy in Top Gear. The narration was used for the game's commentary when choosing a new event, championship, or league. It is the fifth Forza Motorsport and sixth overall installment in the Forza series.
Forza Motorsport 5 received generally positive reviews, with aggregate review websites GameRankings and Metacritic giving a score of 79.49% and 79 out of 100, respectively. Reviewers praised the game's visuals and artificial intelligence, but were critical of the lack of content in relation to its predecessor, Forza Motorsport 4.
Gameplay
Forza Motorsport 5 is a simulation racing video game. Players compete in events around the globe using real licensed cars on a variety of real world and fictional courses. It features an arcade mode, meant more for quickplay of races, and a career mode, which is focused on long-term play. Career mode spans several racing disciplines, spanning from racing of common commuter cars to those in racing series such as Super GT and Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters as well as other sports car racing series. To help players acclimate to the simulation style of racing, assists such as an ideal racing line, anti-lock brakes and traction control can be used.
Players can compete in various championships, which are divided based on vehicle manufacturer region, vehicle age, power, drivetrain, racing discipline, and other categories. Each championship consists of multiple races. Additionally exhibition races can be run, which are single events. Awards are generally better with championship races, while exhibitions require less of a time commitment from the player. The game offers both split-screen multiplayer and online play through Xbox Live.
Development
The game ships with 200 cars from over 50 manufacturers and 17 circuits including Spa, Bathurst, Yas Marina, and Circuit de la Sarthe. There are monthly car packs, including 10 cars each available to buy as downloadable content (DLC) for the first 8 months after the game's launch. The possibility of tracks, such as Nürburgring, being available to purchase as DLC after the game's launch was considered, but instead Turn 10 Studios has released new tracks as free content for users, including Road America in February 2014, Long Beach in April 2014 and the Nürburgring in June 2014.Silverstone Circuit and the fictional Bernese Alps racetrack, based on the Swiss Alps, were carried over from Forza Motorsport 4.
At E3 2013, first-hand gameplay, new features, and cars in "Forza Vista" mode were shown. Also at the event, it was revealed that for the first time in the game's history there would be open-wheel cars including the Dallara DW12 IndyCar and Formula One cars, including the McLaren M23 driven by James Hunt and the Ferrari 312T2 driven by Niki Lauda in the 1976 Formula One season. The Lotus E21 driven by Kimi Räikkönen and Romain Grosjean in the 2013 Formula One Season was also revealed on November 5.
Forza Motorsport 5, the fifth installment in the Motorsport series and the sixth in the Forza series, was released as an Xbox One launch title on November 22, 2013. The game expanded on the Top Gear partnership by having Richard Hammond and James May provide commentary alongside Clarkson. The Autovista mode was renamed Forzavista, and new to the series are open-wheel cars and integrated cloud computing, which collects and uses driving data from connected players to shape Drivatar behavior and through which user-generated paint jobs can be downloaded. Responding to inquiries about the amount of content featured in the game, Turn 10 Studios' Dan Greenawalt explained that the company emphasized quality after determining that the cars and tracks it had designed needed improvement in advance of the next generation of consoles. The result was a decrease to 203 cars (excluding three from the Limited Edition Day One Version) and 14 tracks and the two inventories being redesigned, some entirely, using laser-scanning technology. The 2013 McLaren P1 is the cover vehicle.
Soundtrack
Lance Hayes, the award winning composer who had composed the previous two Motorsport installments, had returned to compose their final Forza soundtrack alongside English composer, John Broomhall. In contrast to its predecessors, there are no licensed songs from popular artists that play while racing, instead substituting them for the original score by Lance and John. Also, in contrast with Forza Motorsport 4 and Forza Motorsport 3, the score features an emphasis on orchestration and percussion, in addition to the ambient electronica sound established in previous entries. The soundtrack was released alongside the game itself on November 22, 2013, exclusively as a digital download.
Reception
Forza Motorsport 5 received generally positive reviews, with aggregate review websites GameRankings and Metacritic giving a score of 79.49% and 79 out of 100, respectively. Shaun McInnis of GameSpot said the game was "built on the romantic thrill of motorsport in all its forms, and that love for its subject matter is all but impossible to resist." Luke Reilly of IGN called it "an essential destination for the automobile obsessed" and "a very hard game for a revhead like myself not to love." In their review for Polygon, Arthur Gies praised the game's "aggressive, convincing AI", saying it made "every offline race feel like a multiplayer competition". Gies went on to say that "Turn 10 has charted a course for the future of the series — and created the Xbox One's first must-own game".
However, a number of critics complained about the relative lack of content versus its predecessor, Forza Motorsport 4. Edge noted that the game "has lost some 300 cars, over 20 locations and countless tracks", losing "the variety of racing that made it great" and that it was "a launch game with all the spectacle and disappointment we've come to expect from launch games". Matthew Kato of Game Informer called the game's revised career mode "a mistake" and that Forza Motorsport 5 "takes a big step forward only to be held back by what it has removed". Writing for EGM, Ray Carsillo said that while the game "maintains the tradition of providing great control along with some stunningly realistic graphics", ultimately it was "a surprising step backward for the Forza franchise".
On February 18, 2014 Microsoft announced that Forza Motorsport 5 is the fastest-selling racing game in Xbox history. More than one third of Xbox One owners have bought the game. Eurogamer estimated the sales to be around 1.3 million copies. On June 16, 2014 Forza Creative Director Dan Greenawalt announced that half of all Xbox One owners have played the full version of Forza Motorsport 5.
References
External links
2013 video games
Forza
Microsoft games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Split-screen multiplayer games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in Australia
Video games set in Belgium
Video games set in California
Video games set in the Czech Republic
Video games set in England
Video games set in Florida
Video games set in France
Video games set in Indianapolis
Video games set in Los Angeles
Video games set in Switzerland
Video games set in the United Arab Emirates
Video games set in Wisconsin
Video games with downloadable content
Xbox One games
Xbox One-only games
Spike Video Game Award winners
D.I.C.E. Award for Racing Game of the Year winners
Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå (ANB) (English: "Newspapers' News Agency") is a Norwegian news agency that was established in 1912 as Socialdemokratisk Pressekontor. In 1919 this was changed to Arbeidernes Pressekontor ("The Workers' Press Office") and in 1984 it was changed again to A-pressens Oslo-redaksjon (APOR). In 1990 the agency was reorganized as a joint stock company, and on 1 September 2001 it got its current name.
The agency is owned by 31 Norwegian newspapers and in addition A-pressen. ANB's main task is to deliver current news to Norwegian media, primarily local and regional newspapers. In addition ANB delivers radio and television pages, football and harness racing tips, consumer news and news magazines.
On 1 January 2007 ANB went into partnership with Norsk Telegrambyrå (NTB). NTB took over the daily wire service which AND had delivered, whereas ANB concentrated on delivery and re-distribution of exclusive stories and services to the subscribers.
External links
Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå
Siste.no - News portal for Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå
News agencies based in Norway
Companies based in Oslo
Mass media companies established in 1912
1912 establishments in Norway
Amedia
Brigadier General Francis Takirwa, is a Ugandan military officer who, effective December 2019, is the commanding officer of the Second Division of the Uganda People's Defence Forces, based in the city of Mbarara in the Western Region of Uganda.
Background and education
They were born in Mbarara District on 7 November 1965. They attended Mbarara Junior School for their primary education. They then studied at Mbarara High School for is O-Level studies. They joined the Uganda Military soon thereafter.
In 1994, they attended a Junior Command and Staff Course at the Uganda Junior Staff College, in Jinja. They then went on to attend a Company Commanders Course at the Tanzania Military Academy at Monduli, in 1998. Later in 2006, they attended an Army Senior Command Course at Nanjig Army Command College, in Nanjing, China. In 2009, they obtained a Diploma in African Strategic Studies from the Nasser Higher Military Academy, in Giza, Egypt. They then attended an Executive National Security Programme at the South African National Defence College.
Career
Their service in the Ugandan military date back to 1989. They have served in different leadership roles in the military, including a tour in Somalia, as part of the UPDF contingent to AMISOM, from 2011 until 2012. Immediately prior to their present position, Takirwa was the chief of Education, Sports and Culture in the UPDF. As commander of the 2nd UPDF Division, they replaced Brigadier Kayanja Muhanga who proceeded for further studies at the South African National Defence College.
Other considerations
Brigadier Francis Takirwa is also an army representative in the 10th Parliament (2016 - 2021).
See also
Muhoozi Kainerugaba
References
External links
Website of the Parliament of Uganda
Living people
Ugandan military personnel
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
People from Mbarara District
People from Western Region, Uganda
People educated at Mbarara High School
1965 births
21st-century Ugandan politicians
Krystal Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kherson, Ukraine. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home of FC Krystal Kherson. The stadium holds 3,400 spectators.
It is located in the city's centre not far from Dnieper and surrounded by several parks such as the Kherson Fortress Park, the Glory Park, and the City Park.
The stadium is in somewhat poorer conditions and had ongoing renovations since 2017. Built in 1962, it has never been properly renovated ever since.
References
External links
Football venues in Ukraine
Buildings and structures in Kherson Oblast
Sport in Kherson Oblast
The Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media is a US non-profit research organization that researches gender representation in media and advocates for equal representation of women. The institute is currently headquartered at Mount Saint Mary's University, in Los Angeles, California.
History
After watching children's TV with their young daughter, Geena Davis noticed that the large majority of these television shows and other media lacked a large number of female characters. Davis sponsored research on this type of entertainment, conducted by Dr. Stacy L. Smith at USC's Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism. One study by Dr. Smith found that three times more males than females appeared in children's films while in children's television 1.67 males appeared for every 1 female. Another research study from Dr. Smith's group showed that in G-rated films, characters in the workplace were 80.5% male and only 19.5% female. In other research sponsored by the Institute and conducted by Dr. Smith on 122 "G, PG, and PG-13 films theatrically-released between 2006 and 2009,” “only 29.2% of all speaking characters are female,” and these women are more sexualized than the men. As “children are engaging with media up to 7–10 hours/day,” the representation of women in children's television shows and films has a major impact on how young girls believe they should act and how they view themselves. Davis subsequently founded the eponymous Institute in 2004.
Mission
Using their connections in the industry, Davis takes these statistics to media executives to educate them about the poor representation of women in media. Children's entertainment is a primary focus of the institute.
The institute is the only research-based organization working within the media to exchange, educate, influence, and expound on the need for gender balance, and, it is a leading voice to create a wide variety of roles for females in the entertainment industry. The institute is against stereotyping of female characters, and it furthers calls for roles that empower women rather than denigrate them.
Davis' thoughts about the gender gap
Davis states, "The fact is women are seriously underrepresented in nearly all sectors of society across the globe, not just on screen, but, for the most part, we are simply not aware to this reality, and media images exert a powerful influence in perpetuating our unconscious bias."
One of the reasons that impelled Davis to start their foundation was personal experience with Hollywood's sexist treatment of older women. Davis says, "Film roles really did start to dry up when I got into my 40's. If you look at IMDb, up until that age I made roughly one film a year. In my entire 40's, I made one movie, Stuart Little."
Research impact
The Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media has garnered several notable accomplishments concerning their research. As an Institute, they have cultivated one of the largest repositories of research around the intersection of gender and media for the past 25 years.
The institute has engaged in several large scale research projects concerning the current conditions for women in mass media. In addition, the Institute collaborates with several other non-profits and for-profit corporations in order to highlight their feelings on the need to reform the way that women are represented in popular culture. Contributors to the Institute include scientists, non-profit coordinators, business leaders, as well as those involved in producing and acting in media.
In 2010, the institute, along with the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Foundation, established a $5000 award for diversity in children's animation created by college students.
Current partnerships
The institute has teamed-up with several multi-national corporations to achieve their goal of informing media consumers about the current state of women in popular culture. Recently, the institute has partnered with Ford and several YouTube stars to create a video series entitled #ShesGotDrive. The partnership between Ford and the Institute seeks to highlight several stories of women content creators overcoming significant challenges. Thus far, the campaign has featured Taryn Southern, Yulin Kang, and Clara C. The purpose of this campaign is to highlight the power of women in media and inspire other women to follow their dreams. In addition, the campaign seeks “to fight unconscious gender bias in media.”
The institute has also teamed up with the Girl Scouts of the United States of America (GSUSA) to create a program entitled Girls' Fast Track Races. With this program, girls construct their own race cars. The program was created in order to foster learning of automobile engineering in young women. Previously, in 2016, the Institute received a 1.2 million dollar grant from Google. Using this grant, the Institute developed the Geena Davis Inclusion Quotient (or GD-IQ). The GD-IQ is an algorithm that can quickly scan a feature-length film to detect gender differences in representation. The Institute believes that the GD-IQ will significantly improve the institute's research of on-screen gender disparities.
In addition to its partnerships with several for-profit corporations, the institute has also partnered with a number of non-profit organizations in order to further the institute's goal of generating equal representation for women in media. The institute has partnered with the United Nations; and founder Geena Davis is a chair on the California Commission on the Status of Women.
Significant studies
The institute has completed several large studies around the representation of gender in media. One larger study was conducted over gender roles in popular culture, including topics such as the disparity between speaking roles for men and women; and what type of roles men and women were shown as portraying on screen. The Institute conducted this research by analyzing several blockbuster films from 2008 and concluded that gender roles are stereotyped in popular culture. A second larger study was conducted over the impact that gender plays in both on screen media and behind the scenes of media production. The Geena Davis Institute investigated and discovered that in the US film industry, only 8% of directors are women, coupled with 19% of producers and 13.6% of writers. Several other studies conducted by the institute concern additional issues regarding gender and media including gender disparity in media across several countries as well as the portrayal of gender in films specifically marketed to young girls and families.
Each year, the institute studies female representation in entertainment and publishes their findings. Through this study, the institute hopes that bringing the facts about media representation to the public's attention will bring positive change for female representation in the media. In 2015, the institute studied the top 100 grossing films of 2014 and 2015 and found that, overall, women spoke less than men and received less screen time in films. However, the study also found that “women had a particularly strong presence in the comedy and action genres,” and cites women such as Tina Fey and Melissa McCarthy as a couple of the year's leading women. Yet even with female leads such as Fey and McCarthy, out of the 100 films, only “11% featured a female lead.” Even though films featuring a female lead made up less than a quarter of the top 100 grossing films, “films led by women grossed 15.8% more on average than films led by men.”
In 2016, the organization found that there were increasingly more female leads in films than ever before. A separate study exemplifies the influence of female leads: after the release of films like The Hunger Games and Brave, both of which feature female archers as leads, the number of girls participating in archery greatly increased. According to Davis, “68% of the film companies they've worked with have changed two or more of their projects” to include more female representation.
In partnership with the Lyda Hill Foundation, the institute released a 2018 study of the media representation of female characters in the science, technology, engineering and math career fields. The study showed that men depicted 62.3% of all STEM characters, while women accounted for 37.1%. In a survey of girls and young women, the majority of participants acknowledged the impact of female STEM characters in the media. Particularly influential characters were April Sexton (Chicago Med), Addison Montgomery (Private Practice) and Temperance Brennan (Bones). In addition, the study revealed that female STEM mentors as well as personal connections to female STEM professionals and supportiveness contribute to more girls choosing a career in the field.
Bentonville Film Festival
In addition to many of their research contributions, the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media also created the Bentonville Film Festival. Davis founded the Bentonville Film Festival with Trevor Drinkwater. Films that are in the Bentonville film festival are guaranteed distribution, a move that Davis says will fix the disproportionate number of women creators in Hollywood. The yearly festival is held in Bentonville, Arkansas. Nearly 100 films are showcased at the growing festival. The festival also has concerts with various artists each year. In 2018 country singers Carly Pearce and Lauren Alaina performed as well as Jillian Jacqueline, Vintage Troube and Fifth Harmony's Ally Brooke.
See also
Exploitation of women in mass media
Misogyny and mass media
Media and gender
Gender equality
Feminism and media
References
External links
Bentonville Film Festival website
2004 establishments in California
Think tanks established in 2004
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Feminist art organizations in the United States
Chinazom Doris Amadi (born 12 September 1987) is a Nigerian long jumper.
They won the bronze medal at the 2006 African Championships. At the 2007 All-Africa Games they finished fourth, missing the bronze medal by a two centimetre margin. At the 2008 African Championships they won the silver medal.
Them personal best jump is , achieved in May 2007 in Lagos.
They were the gold medallist in the long jump at the 2015 African Games, but was stripped of this title after failing a drug test for methenolone. They were banned for four years, until 15 September 2019.
References
1987 births
Living people
Nigerian female long jumpers
Nigerian sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 African Games
African Games competitors for Nigeria
"One Step Out of Time", written and composed by Paul Davies, Tony Ryan, and Victor Stratton, was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed by Michael Ball.
The song was included on Ball's 1992 self-titled debut album as well as the album Past and Present, which was released on 9 March 2009.
Background
Composition
The song is a mid-tempo ballad, relating the singer's comfort with being "one step out of time" in relation to rejecting the reality around him, instead pining after their former lover. Not accepting that their relationship is over, and spurning the disapproval of their friends, they wish to put "his love on the line" one more time, imploring their former lover to just let them know what they had done wrong.
Selection process
After the disappointing result Samantha Janus received on behalf of the United Kingdom at , the UK national final, A Song for Europe, was retooled. Reverting to the selection process which decided the entries from 1964 to 1975, a singer was picked internally by the BBC, and the public would vote on which song would go with them to the Eurovision finals. Ball sang eight songs on A Song for Europe 1992, and "One Step Out of Time", performed seventh, emerged as the winner by an overwhelming margin (over 60,000 telephone votes separated the first and second-place finishers).
At Eurovision
At the contest, held in Malmö, the song was performed sixteenth on the night, after 's Tony Wegas with "Zusammen geh'n", and before 's Linda Martin with "Why Me?". At the end of voting that evening, "One Step Out of Time", the pre-contest favourite, took the second-place slot with 139 points. , , and awarded the UK their 12 points that evening. Despite losing by 16 points to "Why Me?", the UK received more 12 point designations than Ireland (four to three). This would be the third of four second-place finishes the UK had placed between 1988 and 1993.
Charts
Before Eurovision, the song debuted and peaked at No. 20 on the UK Singles Chart, and stayed in the chart for seven weeks.
References
External links
Lyrics from Diggiloo Thrush
1992 singles
Michael Ball songs
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1992
1992 in British music
Polydor Records singles
1992 songs
Feyaerts is a Belgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fernand Feyaerts (1880–1927), Belgian swimmer and water polo player
Wim Feyaerts, Belgian television director
Surnames of Belgian origin
Tales of Kish (, and also known as Kish Tales) is a 1999 Iranian drama anthology film. It was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Hossein Panahi as Shanbeh (segment "Greek Boat, The")
Atefeh Razavi as Wife (segment "Greek Boat, The")
Hafez Pakdel as (segment "Ring, The")
Mohamad A. Babhan as Man (segment "Door, The")
Norieh Mahigiran as Daughter (segment "Door, The")
References
External links
1999 films
Iranian drama films
1990s Persian-language films
1999 drama films
Films directed by Abolfazl Jalili
Films directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Films directed by Nasser Taghvai
Jusoh is a Malaysian surname that may refer to
Che Mohamad Zulkifly Jusoh, Malaysian politician
Idris Jusoh (born 1955), Malaysian politician
Khairil Annas Jusoh, Malay author and academician
Matulidi Jusoh (1957–2015), Malaysian politician
Shukur Jusoh (born 1989), Malaysian footballer
Siti Munirah Jusoh (born 1987), Malaysian squash player
Glinyanyy Island (Russian: Глинянный остров, Ostrovok Glinyanyy) is a small island on the east side of Gizhigin Bay, in the northeastern Sea of Okhotsk. It is cone shaped.
Administratively Glinyanyy Island belongs to the Magadan Oblast of the Russian Federation.
History
American whaleships hunting bowhead whales frequented the waters off the island from 1862 to 1905. They called it Ell Island, and used the bay to the east of the island as an anchorage, which they called Ell Harbor, short for Othello Harbor, named after a ship that utilized the harbor in the early 1860s. They anchored here to send whaleboats to the head of Gizhigin Bay to cruise for whales and as a shelter from southwest winds, to obtain wood, water, and stone for ballast, to smoke ship to kill rats, and to trade rum with the natives for reindeer. They also went ashore to gather berries and shoot ducks.
References
Islands of the Sea of Okhotsk
Islands of the Russian Far East
Islands of Magadan Oblast
Kelham Island is one of Sheffield's eleven designated Quarters. Formerly an industrial area, the island itself was created by the building of a goit, or mill race, fed from the River Don to serve the water wheels powering the workshops of the areas' industrial heyday. The quarter was named after the island, however, the boundaries extend beyond the physical island created by the river and goit.
The Quarter is roughly diamond in shape, and is bordered by Shalesmoor and Gibraltar Street to the south-west; Corporation Street to the south-east; Mowbray Street, Harvest Lane and Neepsend Lane to the north-east, and Ball Street and Cornish Street to the north-west. The Cornish Place Works sit just outside this quarter, to the north-west. Green Lane and Alma Street form the main spine roads of the area. The Green Lane Works (Grade II* listed) and the Brooklyn Works (Grade II listed) are both important industrial heritage sites. A great deal of urban regeneration is evident in this area, as residential and social uses are mixed into this former industrial area.
The area is home to an industrial museum, the Kelham Island Museum, including the famous River Don Engine. The Chimney House for events and occasions and five pubs: the Kelham Island Tavern (twice CAMRA National Pub of the Year), the Fat Cat, The Wellington, the Ship Inn and The Milestone. It is also host to the Kelham Island Brewery (brewers of Pale Rider, amongst others). The area is the only area in Sheffield with its own dedicated app This Is Kelham that supports independent businesses, regeneration and aids the funding of community projects. The Quarter housed one of Sheffield's last traditional hand-made scissor makers, Ernest Wright and Son Limited, until their relocation to premises closer to the city centre in 2011.
Residences
One of the residences in Kelham Island is a Central Quay, a student residence owned by Host. On 11 November 2007, Tesco opened an Express store in the back of the building, facing onto Corporation Street. Kelham Island has started to be redeveloped in recent years (2019). More and more students are starting to live here as more flats are created.
Little Kelham
Citu, a Yorkshire based sustainable property developer acquired an area in Kelham Island in 2012, to create a low carbon development. The development was named Little Kelham, and used triple glazed windows, high standards of insulation and air-tight building design to create zero-emission homes powered entirely by renewable electricity. The scheme has involved the re-generation of some key landmarks in Kelham Island, such as the Green Lane Works clock-tower. This regeneration was completed in 2017. The development is on-going, and 53 homes have been built to date (Jan 2018).
Kelham Riverside
Kelham Riverside is a mixed use riverside development by Raven Group in collaboration with Sheffield-based architects AXIS Architecture, involves the creation of new mixed use buildings forming apartments, bars & restaurants, and commercial space on the riverside site of former workshops, long since demolished. The development is part of an ongoing regeneration of the area by AXIS and others, which started in the 1990s with Cornish Place. This development is intended to create a desirable place to live with a brand new public square, and continuation of the Don riverside walk project.
The apartments of the development enjoy riverside views and occupy buildings named Clifton, Millau, and Rialto after the famous bridges. This area and Sheffield as a city has supplied much of the steel for some of the greatest bridges in history (e.g. the Brooklyn Bridge).
Gallery
References
External links
This Is Kelham
The Milestone website
The Fat Cat Public House website
The Chimney House website
Kelham Riverside website
AXIS Architecture
Nprime Limited
Sources for the history of Kelham Island Produced by Sheffield City Council's Libraries and Archives
Sheffield City Centre (quarters)
Szymon Jakubiszak (born 13 February 1998) is a Polish professional volleyball player. At the professional club level, they play for Indykpol AZS Olsztyn.
Career
Clubs
After 5 seasons in junior teams of LOTOS Trefl Gdańsk, they debuted in PlusLiga in 2016.
National team
On 10 September 2016, they achieved a title of the U20 European Champion after winning 7 out of 7 matches at the tournament, and beating Ukraine in the final (3–1). On 2 July 2017, Poland, including Jakubiszak, achieved a title of the U21 World Champions after beating Cuba in the final (3–0). Their national team won 47 matches in the row and never lost. The U21 World Champion title ended their time in youth national teams.
Sporting achievements
Clubs
National championships
2017/2018 Polish Cup, with Trefl Gdańsk
Youth national team
2016 CEV U20 European Championship
2017 FIVB U21 World Championship
References
External links
Player profile at PlusLiga.pl
Player profile at Volleybox.net
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gdańsk
Polish men's volleyball players
Trefl Gdańsk players
Cuprum Lubin players
AZS Olsztyn players
Middle blockers
The 2011 Donegal county football team season was the franchise's 107th season since the County Board's foundation in 1905. The team ended the season as Ulster champions after winning the 2011 Ulster Senior Football Championship. It was their sixth title and a first since Brian McEniff led the team to Sam MCMXCII.
Ahead of the new season, Jim McGuinness was appointed as the team's manager, bringing to an end the era of John Joe Doherty. The arrival of McGuinness brought the first appearance of a soon-to-be revolutionary tactic The System.
Panel
New manager Jim McGuinness included Kevin Cassidy (who intended to retire at the end of the previous season) and Michael Hegarty (who was not involved in the previous season) in their squad for the 2011 Dr McKenna Cup. Also named were several of the under-21s, including Peter Boyle, Thomas McKinley, Daniel McLaughlin, Kevin Mulhern and Antoin McFadden, and Johnny Bonner and Marty Boyle, stars of Naomh Conaill's run to the 2010 Ulster club football final. Johnny Bonner did not play in any of the league games.
McKenna Cup panel
Paul Durcan, Peter Boyle, Karl Lacey, Neil McGee, Barry Dunnion, Johnny Bonner, Tomas McKinley, Edward Kelly, Neil Gallagher, Rory Kavanagh, Christopher Murrin, Dermot Molloy, Michael Hegarty, Colm McFadden, Daniel McLaughlin, Marty Boyle, David Walsh, Adrian Hanlon, Michael Murphy, Paddy McGrath, Kevin Mulhern, Leo McLoone, Ryan Bradley, Kevin Cassidy, Frank McGlynn, Antoin McFadden.
Details
Christy Toye (St Michael's)
Championship panel
Competitions
League
Opener: win vs Sligo
Ulster Senior Football Championship
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship
Kit
Management team
Manager: Jim McGuinness
Selectors: Rory Gallagher, Maxi Curran
Goalkeeping coach: Pat Shovelin
Strength and conditioning coach: Adam Speer
Surgical consultant: Kevin Moran
Team doctor: Charlie McManus
Team physio: Dermot Simpson
Physiotherapists: Charlie Molloy, Paul Coyle, Donal Reid, JD.
Awards
All Stars
Donegal achieved three All Stars.
County breakdown
Dublin = 6
Kerry = 4
Donegal = 3
Mayo = 1
Kildare = 1
References
Donegal county football team seasons
The 1954 season of the Primera División Peruana, the top category of Peruvian football, was played by 10 teams. The national champions were Alianza Lima
Results
Standings
External links
Peru 1954 season at RSSSF
Peruvian Football League News
Peru1
1954 in Peruvian football
Peruvian Primera División seasons
The 2010 AFC President's Cup was the sixth edition of the AFC President's Cup, an annual international association football competition between domestic clubs sides run by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).
Venues
Qualifying teams
Group stage
The draw for the AFC President's Cup 2010 was held at AFC House on 5 March 1500 hours local time.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Best runner-up
The best runners-up team from among the three pools qualify for the semi-finals. Because group C consists of only three teams, matches against fourth-placed sides in the other groups are excluded from the following comparison.
Note on tie-breaking situation:
HTTU Aşgabat placed ahead of Abahani Ltd. on the basis of goal difference
Final stage
The final stage of the competition will be played in Myanmar from 24 to 26 September. The semi-final draw was made on 11 July.
Semi-finals
Final
See also
2010 AFC Cup
2010 AFC Champions League
Notes
References
2010
3
2010 in Bangladeshi football
2010 in Burmese football
2010
2010
Dendrophile may refer to:
A person who loves trees, as in Dendrophilia (paraphilia)
Dendrophile (album), a 2011 recording by Justin Vivian Bond
The Cleveland Landmarks Commission is responsible for determining whether buildings, sites or historic districts are eligible for designation as landmarks in the city of Cleveland, Ohio. As Cleveland has many historic streets, districts, and buildings the commission is charged with weeding out what buildings, districts, and streets are of definite interest to the people of Cleveland, Ohio and the nation of the United States in general. Two of the oldest buildings in the city that are listed on the Landmarks Commission are the 1824 Dunham Tavern Museum (which is located in the Central neighborhood of the city) and the 1855 Old Stone Church located on Public Square.
The List
This is a partial list of buildings that are listed on the website of the City of Cleveland and that largely already have a presence on Wiki pages.
The List is broken down by Cleveland neighborhood.
Downtown
East 4th Street District
Caxton Building
Cleveland City Hall
Cleveland Grays Armory
Cleveland Public Library Main Branch
Cuyahoga County Courthouse
1717 East Ninth Building
Fenn Tower at Cleveland State University (CSU)
Guardian Bank Building
Mather Mansion at CSU
May Company Building
Old Stone Church
Playhouse Square (Cleveland's Theatre District)
Public Hall (not including the 2013 Huntington Convention Center of Cleveland)
Public Square (Cleveland's central plaza)
Rose Building
St. John's Cathedral (The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland's mother church)
Soldiers and Sailors Monument
Standard Building
Warehouse District
University
Case Western Reserve University (several buildings)
Church of the Covenant
Cleveland Cultural Gardens in Rockefeller Park
Cleveland Museum of Art (1916 and 1971 buildings)
Garfield Memorial
Lakeview Cemetery
Little Italy
Severance Hall
Stager-Beckwith Mansion
Ohio City
Carnegie West Branch of Cleveland Public Library
Market Square
West Side Market
Tremont
A Christmas Story House
St. Theodosius Russian Orthodox Cathedral
Detroit–Shoreway
Gordon Square
References
Cleveland
Dibrugarh Hanumanbux Surajmal Kanoi Commerce College was established in 1960 in Dibrugarh, Assam. The college is affiliated with Dibrugarh University; its Higher Secondary Course is recognised by the AHSEC.
The college offers a two-year Higher Secondary Course in Commerce stream and a three-year Bachelor of Commerce degree.
History
The intermediate level was first introduced in D.H.S.K. College in 1945 in the evening shift. The foundation stone of the present college building was laid by Late Morarji Desai, the then Finance Minister of India. Classes of Dibrugarh University initially started in this college till 1968. It is the first full-fledged Commerce College in the North Eastern region of India.
Academics
The college offers 2 year higher secondary course under AHSEC and 3 year B.Com degree with specialization in Accounting and Finance, Marketing, International Business, Banking and Insurance, E-Commerce and H.R. Management or in general under Dibrugarh University. It also offers courses under Krishna Kanta Handique State Open University.
References
Universities and colleges in Assam
Dibrugarh
Colleges affiliated to Dibrugarh University
1960 establishments in Assam
Educational institutions established in 1960
The Free Church of Scotland (Scottish Gaelic: An Eaglais Shaor, ) is an evangelical, Calvinist denomination in Scotland. It was historically part of the original Free Church of Scotland that remained outside the union with the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland in 1900. Now, it remains a distinct Presbyterian denomination in Scotland.
The Free Church was and still is sometimes colloquially known by the term The Wee Frees, even though, in 21st century Scotland, it is the largest Presbyterian denomination after the national church. Since this term was originally used in comparing the Free Church with the United Free Church (which is now a much smaller denomination), the Free Church of Scotland now deprecates the use of the term.
Theology and doctrine
The church maintains its commitment to Calvinist theology (as espoused by the Westminster Confession). Its polity is Presbyterian. A complete psalter in modern English was published in 2003. Its offices and theological college remain on The Mound, Edinburgh, although the denomination no longer holds the original Free Church College buildings.
The Free Church continues to be evangelical in character, presenting its understanding of the Christian message, namely that Jesus Christ is sole Lord and Saviour.
History
Aftermath of the union of 1900
In 1900 the Free Church of Scotland united with the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland to form the United Free Church of Scotland. However, a minority of the original Free Church remained outside this new union. The protesting and dissenting minority at once claimed to be the legitimate Free Church. They met outside the Free Assembly Hall on 31 October and, failing to gain admission, withdrew to another hall, where they elected Rev Colin Bannatyne as Moderator and held the remaining sittings of their Assembly. It was reported that between 16,000 and 17,000 names had been received of persons adhering to the anti-unionist principle. It has been estimated that the number of Free Church communicants dropped from a little under 300,000 in 1899 to just over 4,000 in 1900.
At the Assembly of 1901 it was stated that the Free Church had twenty-five ministers and at least sixty-three congregations, with most being found in the Gaelic-speaking districts of Scotland.
The initial problems were obvious: the congregations soon grew in number, but were far apart; there were not nearly enough ministers; the church was treated in a hostile manner by the United Free Church; work was conducted under considerable hardship; and there was little success in appealing to the general popular sentiment of Scotland. However, the revenue of the church gradually increased; in 1901, the sustentation fund was able to support only 75 ministers, but by 1903 it maintained 167.
The Free Church case
After the union of 1900, the United Presbyterian Church and the continuing Free Church not only contested the legacy of the Free Church of 1843–1900, but also claimed its assets. After attempts at agreement failed, the matter ended in the Scottish courts. The litigation was initially decided in favour of the Free Church by the House of Lords in 1904, on the basis that in the absence of a power to change fundamental doctrines in the trust deed, a dissenting minority retains the property. As it was not possible for the Free Church to use all the property, Parliament intervened, generally securing for the church the congregational property they could effectively use plus a significant share of central assets.
The Church in the 20th century
In 1906, a Free Church College was re-established in Edinburgh and by 1925 there were 91 ministers and 170 congregations in 12 presbyteries. The general magazine of the Free Church is The Monthly Record and there are magazines for young people. Two of the professors in the Free Church College began a theological journal the Evangelical Quarterly in 1929, but in 1942 control passed outside the church, initially to Inter Varsity Fellowship. Today the College offers degrees in conjunction with the University of Glasgow.
Post-1945, the Free Church engaged with the wider evangelical cause, but after its growth in the early decades, it began a statistical decline that, except for a short period in the 1980s, continued throughout the 20th century.
2000 events
In the 1980s and 1990s there were allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Macleod, principal of the Free Church College. No misconduct was ever proven against Macleod; they were tried and acquitted in 1996 in the civil courts. A to Macleod pursued the charges in church courts, to no avail.
There was considerable dissatisfaction with the handling of the charges, and claims of a cover-up. Maurice Roberts of the Free Church Defence Association (FCDA) publicly reiterated the accusations, and denounced the General Assembly for its "wickedness and hypocrisy". They were suspended for contumacy. Their supporters demanded their reinstatement and the FCDA. In January 2000, 22 FCDA ministers were removed from their pulpits. These and other ministers formed the Free Church of Scotland (Continuing) (FCC); they are approximately 20% of the ministerial strength of the pre-2000 Free Church of Scotland. From 2005 to 2010, the Free Church of Scotland saw an 18% drop in its membership.
Following the split, the Free Church Continuing sought a declarator from the Court of Session as to ownership of the central funds and properties of the church. In a landmark decision, Lady Paton dismissed their action without granting absolvitor. The Continuing Church then said they would appeal Lady Paton's decision, but ultimately chose not to proceed. In March 2007, the Free Church filed suit to reclaim the church manse at Broadford, Isle of Skye. Lord Uist ruled that the property belonged to the Free Church. The Continuing Church had to pay the expenses of the Free Church. The Continuing Church appealed to the Inner House of the Court of Session, which upheld Lord Uist.
List of Moderators
Very Rev Prof Colin Archibald Bannatyne (Coulter) twice Moderator: 1900/01 and 1906/07
James Duff MacCulloch (Hope Street, Glasgow) 1901
Donald MacKinnon Macalister (Edinburgh) 1902
Angus Galbraith (Lochalsh) 1903
Murdoch MacQueen (Kiltearn) 1904
Ewan Macleod (Oban) 1905
Colin Archibald Bannatyne (Free Church College) 1906
Murdo Mackenzie (Inverness) 1907 and Interim Moderator J. C. Robertson (resigned)
William MacKinnon (Gairloch) 1908
James Hendry (Forres/Burghead) 1909
John Kennedy Cameron (Free Church College) 1910
William Menzies Alexander (Free Church College) 1911
William Fraser (Strathpeffer) 1912
Samuel Lyle Orr (Glasgow) 1913
Finlay MacRae (Plockton) 1914
John MacDonald (Rosskeen) 1915
Angus Mackie (Kingussie) 1916
John Macleod (Urray) 1917
Donald Munro (Ferintosh, Black Isle) 1918
Donald Maclean (Free Church College) 1919
John Macleod (Inverness) 1920
Roderick Macleod (Knock, Isle of Lewis) 1921
Norman Campbell (Dingwall) 1922
George Mackay (Fearn) 1923
Kenneth Cameron (Stornoway) 1924
Robert Moore (Free Church College) 1925
Alexander Stewart (Edinburgh) 1926
Alexander Dewar (South Africa) 1927
Archibald Donald Cameron (Creich) 1928
John R. Mackay (Free Church College) 1929
Robert M. Knox (Edinburgh) 1930
Alexander Macdonald Renwick (Free Church College) 1931
Peter Clarkson 1932
A. M. Ross 1933
Duncan MacDonald 1934
Alexander Ross 1935
Peter W. Miller 1936
Donald MacLean 1937
John MacKay MacLennan (Lairg) 1938
Farquhar Matheson (Stoer) 1939
William MacLeod 1940
John Shaw 1941
John Calvin MacKay 1942
D MacKenzie 1943
Ewen MacRury 1944
Roderick Alick Finlayson 1945
William Fraser 1946
William Campbell 1947
Alexander MacDonald 1948
G. N. M. Collins 1949
A. MacLeod 1950
Murdoch MacRae 1951
Duncan Leitch (Dingwall) 1952
Murdoch Campbell 1956
William John Cameron (Free Church College) (1962 and 1977) son of Rev Kenneth Cameron
M. K. Murray 1970
J. Douglas Macmillan 1971
D. MacDonald 1972
committee 1973
committee 1974
committee 1975
committee 1976
committee 1977
committee 1978
Hector Cameron 1980
John MacLeod 1983
Kenneth W R Cameron, (Thurso and Reay), 1989 (son of William John Cameron)
Donald MacDonald 1992
Alex Murdo Macleod 1994
21st Century
Donald Smith (2008)
David Meredith 2010
Rev James Maciver (Knock) 2011
Iain D. Campbell (Point) 2012
Angus J Howat 2013
David Miller 2014
David Robertson (Dundee) 2015
John Nicholls 2016
Derek Lamont 2017
Angus MacRae (Dingwall and Strathpeffer) 2018
Donnie G. MacDonald 2019
Recent history
At the 2011 census, 10,896 people identified as being "Free Church of Scotland". The Free Church has about 100 congregations in Scotland and circa 80 ministers and 8,000 attenders. About 50 dissenting or former Church of Scotland congregations had been talking about joining the Free Kirk because the Church of Scotland's ordination of openly gay ministers.
Growth
As of 2021, the Free Church had an average attendance at Sunday services of 8,000 including 5,400 communicants. As of May 2013 the Free Church worship attendance was 12,639, up from 12,431 in 2007. The number of people under 30 increased by 30% since 2007. The church is growing outwith the Western Islands, especially in the bigger cities. Sunday school attendance has grown by 25% in recent years, from 575 to 709 in 2013.
In 2013, Murdo Murchison, an elder from Dunblane Free Church gathered a core group to plant a church in Stirling. With some growth it was recognised as a church plant in 2014 by the Glasgow Presbytery, and in 2016 appointed Iain MacAskill as its minister. There had previously been no Free Church in Stirling since 1948.
In 2014 two congregations, the North Harris Free Church, and the Stornoway group of the High Free Church Stornoway and two former Kirk ministers have recently joined the Free Church, makes it total about ten former Kirk pastors who have joined the Free Church. North Harris held its first service with around 100 people in attendance. Kirkmuirhill congregation and New Restalrig have also joined.
The High Free Church has regularly attracted around 300 people in Stornoway Primary School since leaving the Church of Scotland earlier this year.
Stornoway High was previously the Church of Scotland's biggest congregation on the Western Isles.
In early 2015 an Inverness Church of Scotland pastor quit, and took some of their flock with them to set up a new Free Church congregation in the west of Inverness. Rev McMillan was unhappy about the Presbytery of Inverness, which voted against controversial plans to give congregations the freedom to appoint a person in a gay relationship if they wished.
Other new churches welcomed into the Free Church included a new church in Leith planted originally in association with the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church in the USA. and Christ Church, Craigintinney, a new church plant led by David Court. David led most of the congregation of New Restalrig out of the Church of Scotland.
In 2015 the Covenant Church in Newmilns, East Ayrshire joined the Free Church. Covenant Church had split from the Church of Scotland in 2013.
The number of congregations has grown to 139 in the end of 2015.
New churches continue to be planted, such as in Dunfermline and St Andrews and most recently Montrose in November 2015 and Charleston, Dundee in September 2017 by the existing Dundee church. There has been an increase in the numbers applying to the Free Church ministry, and studying in its Saturday course (provided by the Edinburgh Theological Seminary).
Worship
Church services
Typically, Free Church services are at 11 am and 6:30 pm on Sunday Sabbath, or the Lord's Day. A typical order of service is:
A singing of praise
A prayer
A second singing of praise
A reading from the Bible
A third singing of praise
The sermon
A second prayer
A fourth singing of praise
The benediction
Intimations may be read out before the first singing (in effect, before the actual service begins) or immediately after the reading, or before the benediction.
A 'first' reading may appear between the first singing and the first prayer. This reading will be of relevance to the 'main' reading.
A message to the children may appear after the first prayer, and children may depart for Sunday school or Bible class after the second singing. Lay preachers will replace the benediction with a short prayer.
Church music
Since just after the union of 1900 until the events of 2010, only the psalms of the Old Testament (and in a very few instances, paraphrases of other parts of the Bible) were sung during the services. Musical instruments were never used. However, in November 2010, a special plenary assembly took place to debate and vote on allowing the singing of hymns and use of musical instruments in Free Church services. The motion was passed by a narrow margin. A number of ministers insisted on recording their dissent over the decision. One congregation and four ministers resigned over the decision. The November 2010 motion allowed that instruments can be used as an accompaniment and hymns may be sung, though at least one of the items of sung praise must be a psalm; some congregations continue to sing unaccompanied psalms only.
In 2003 the church's Psalmody and Praise Committee produced a new Psalter called Sing Psalms. Although of a similar format to the Scottish Psalter it contains metrical versions of the psalms with 21st century vocabulary and grammar.
Congregations and affiliations
There are over 100 congregations throughout Scotland, one in London and three pastoral charges in North America. The Church has maintained an extensive missionary commitment for its size, with missions in India, Peru and South Africa, which now have self-governing status.
Along with the Evangelical Presbyterian Church in England and Wales and the Free Church of Scotland (Continuing), the denomination is one of the three members of the International Conference of Reformed Churches from Great Britain, and one of seven European Christian denominations who founded the European Conference of Reformed Churches. There is a close relationship with the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia.
References
Bibliography
Cameron, N., et al. (eds.) (1993). Dictionary of Scottish Church History and Theology. Edinburgh: T. & T. Clark. . .
External links
Free Church of Scotland College
Congregational Websites
Presbyterianism in Scotland
Religious organisations based in Scotland
Free Church of Scotland
Christian organizations established in 1900
1900 establishments in Scotland
Reformed denominations in the United Kingdom
Presbyterian denominations in Canada
This Station Is Non-Operational is a compilation album by El Paso, Texas-based post-hardcore band At the Drive-In, released May 24, 2005 by Fearless Records, four years after the band went on indefinite hiatus. Its tracks span the band's career from 1997 to 2000, with selections from El Gran Orgo (1997), In/Casino/Out (1998), Vaya (1999), and Relationship of Command (2000), as well as several rare tracks taken from singles and a previously unreleased cover version of The Smiths' "This Night Has Opened My Eyes". The album also includes a DVD with the music videos for "Metronome Arthritis", "One Armed Scissor", and "Invalid Litter Dept.", an electronic press kit, a discography, and multimedia content. It became the band's highest-charting release in the United States. Its title comes from a lyric in the song "One Armed Scissor".
Background
The compilation does not contain any material from the band's releases prior to 1997, omitting the EPs Hell Paso (1994) and ¡Alfaro Vive, Carajo! (1995) as well as their 1996 debut album Acrobatic Tenement. Guitarist Jim Ward addressed these omissions in a 2006 interview:
I was just adamant about certain things staying off it. There was just some stuff I wanted to stay special, like those early seven-inches. If you have them, then you have them because you were in a certain place at a certain time. I wanted to keep it special for those people if it makes sense. It's not that they're embarrassing to me, it's because I wanted them to remain intimate with those people who were there when we slept on their floors. We were putting out 500 seven-inches even though people sell them on eBay for more than I had to put them out with. I still prefer it that way. I like that culture; I'm part of that culture. I didn't want everything homogenized into one album. I'm not a big [fan] of "greatest hits" or whatever, but I understand that's part of what labels do. I wasn't really a big part of it to be honest with you.
Reception
This Station Is Non-Operational became At the Drive-In's highest-charting release in the United States, reaching #95 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top Independent Albums chart. Critical reaction to the compilation was very positive. Johnny Loftus of Allmusic stated that it "really makes you miss the focused intensity of the band's salad days", and that because of the stylistic improvisations of the band members' post-At the Drive-In projects The Mars Volta and Sparta "it's easy to forget about At the Drive-In's capacity for convention. Their spectacular live show was a big part of their success. But as This Station Is Non-Operational continually points out, At the Drive-In wrote incredible songs, too." Mike Diver of Drowned in Sound gave the album a perfect score of 10 out of 10, remarking that it "must be listened to with an absolutely open mind. Yes, those earliest efforts from El Gran Orgo are scratchy, gutterside punk at best and, well, utterly underwhelming in absolute fairness. But that's not what ATD-I will be remembered for - it's the tracks from In/Casino/Out and the straw that ultimately broke their collective back, Relationship of Command, that today's fashioncore 'punks' have plumbed almost endlessly for inspiration. And you know what? They still sound amazingly fresh and vital." They noted that the rare tracks make the release attractive to existing fans, but "To the newcomer, though, this record just about transcends essential; really, if you like contemporary punk rock, even the MTV-sanitised version, then you've no excuse whatsoever for not owning this."
Jason Crock of Pitchfork Media noted that the release "aims to be a retrospective in the true sense of the word", ignoring some of the band's strongest songs and singles such as "Invalid Litter Dept." in favor of offering "a snapshot of the band's artistic growth, from class-act emo to muscular modern rock." They criticized the B-side tracks as "unrewarding" and "mildly compelling curios", but accepted them as "simply footnotes to the story told by the first 11 tracks" Remarking on the press' interpretation of the band members' post-At the Drive-In projects Sparta as "accessible" and The Mars Volta as "difficult", they noted that "the push/pull between the two extremes within the songs on This Station Is Non-Operational is seamless." Christian Hoard of Rolling Stone was more critical of the compilation, stating that "Where ATDI's later albums were art-punk cherry bombs packed with cascading shouts and tricky rhythms, most of these singles, rarities, B sides and live cuts sound unfocused -- long on arty twists and youthful bloodletting but short on explosiveness."
Track listing
Personnel
Band
Cedric Bixler – lead vocals
Jim Ward – guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Omar Rodríguez – guitar, backing vocals
Paul Hinojos – bass guitar
Tony Hajjar – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Ben Rodriguez – guitar on "Fahrenheit" and "Picket Fence Cartel"
Marcelo Rodche – percussion on "Chanbara"
Iggy Pop – intro vocals on "Enfilade"
Production
Mike Major – recording and mixing engineer of tracks 1, 2, 7, 8, and 15, producer and engineer of track 14, mixing engineer of track 16
Alex Newport – recording and mixing engineer of tracks 3–6 and 13
Ross Robinson – producer of tracks 9–12
Andy Wallace – mixing engineer of tracks 9–12
Chuck Johnson – engineer of tracks 9–12
Kevin Bosley and Zak Girdis – assistant engineers of tracks 9–12
Justin Leah and Bobby Torres – engineers of track 16
Steve Lamacq – recording engineer of tracks 17 and 18
Simon Askew – producer of tracks 17 and 18
Paul Noble – assistant producer of tracks 17 and 18
Brad Vance – mastering
Artwork
Jason Farrell – design
Paul Drake, Daniëlle van Ark, Pat Graham, Alberto Polo, Jeff Gros, Justin Borucki, and Paul Delia – photography
Charts
References
At the Drive-In albums
2005 compilation albums
Fearless Records compilation albums
Post-hardcore compilation albums
Albums produced by Ross Robinson
Frightful Cave () is a pre-Columbian archaeological site located in the state of Coahuila in northern Mexico. It was occupied on several occasions during the Archaic period by what seem to be nomadic hunter-gatherer groups and is an important source of archaeological evidence concerning the ancient desert tradition of the Central Mexican highlands.
Overview
Located in the Sierra Madre Oriental in the Northern Arid Zone of Mexico, Frightful Cave is surrounded by desert. The area is “largely too arid and rainfall is too undependable for cultivation," although edible plants can be found and the mountain ranges are covered in pine and oak forest. Many groups seem to have lived in the Coahuila region despite this arid climate, but they did not practice agriculture. The early desert culture started here in the Archaic period has been identified as one of the roots of later Mesoamerican cultures, and lasted through to the 19th century among Indigenous peoples of the Great Basin (such as the Paiute and the Shoshone) and among some native peoples of the Mexican Northern Arid Zone (such as the Seri).
Discovery and excavation
The archaeologist Walter W. Taylor excavated many sites in Northern Mexico and the Southern United States, focusing on Coahuila in the 1950s and 1960s. Radio-carbon dating places the Frightful Cave artifacts between approximately 7,500 years BCE and 185 CE.
List of objects and artifacts
Over 950 fibre sandals, fibre ties
One leather sandal, fibre ties
One complete twined fibre apron, leather ties
Various scraps of textiles, fibre, leather, furs, feathers
Several caches of mesquite bean in plaited-matting bags
Over 22,000 maguey ‘quids'
Two items, classified by Taylor as musical rasps
“A number of prickly pear pads, split open and with the ‘open edge' sewn together to make a passable container”
Several bags of Texas buckeye seeds, and mescal beans, both having narcotic qualities
1,195 pieces of twisted cordage
Various balls of human hair
Remains of an aged woman, dressed in a loincloth and sandals, wrapped in a mat
All items were found within three strata, with certain items unique to each. For example, while sandals were found in each level, the hair was found only in the earliest stratum. Prepared floors were discovered in the earliest two levels of the cave, which were created by “bringing in earth that was then consolidated by water and probably tamped.” Although thin, they served the function of smoothing the cave floor. Fireplaces seem to have been distributed at random. Although they were found in many other caves in the area, Taylor reports that there were no arrow parts found in Frightful Cave, “whose occupation was probably too early.”
Anthropological analysis
Inside Frightful Cave, comparisons of the different strata allowed for temporal analysis of the cave's inhabitants, while comparisons to other caves in the area allowed for spatial analysis. Spatially, it has been found that there was likely cultural exchange between various nomadic groups both within the Coahuila complex and across nearby regions.
Chronological trends have also been observed, indicating the repeated occupation by culturally similar groups with evolving cultural practices. In particular, changes in the use of the space within the cave suggest a changing way of life. Taylor notes that while the bottom two strata had tamped floors, relatively low levels of bat guano and displayed “a strong tendency to deposit sandals in the farthest recesses of the cave,” in the later stratum no floor had been prepared, there was relatively more bat guano, and sandals were deposited in the center of the cave. These trends are thought to indicate groups' changing duration of stay, from “more or less constant in the lower levels” to “increasingly intermittent in the upper levels,” since it appears that less effort was put in to keep a clean living space. Changes of this nature would make sense if groups no longer spent such long periods in the cave. This development has been linked to a known increase in aridity in the region which may have resulted in a new distribution of food sources.
The argument for changing migration based on new patterns of subsistence is a strong one, as groups in the desert tradition are widely believed to have been nomads who would have settled in various areas as local wild foodstuffs became available. Shafer has theorized that Frightful Cave may have been part of a seasonal round made by these hunter-gatherer groups, which, along with other caves in the area, would have been inhabited from spring through early summer, “when foods such as flowers, bulbs, fruits and plums were available.” Similarly, Taylor posits water accessibility to be the determining factor of such groups' migratory patterns, meaning shifts thereof may also be accounted for by increasing aridity. Changes in the style and construction of the radiocarbon-dated sandals also suggest a certain cultural discontinuity in the later occupation of Frightful Cave.
There is almost no evidence concerning the religious or artistic cultural lives of Frightful Cave's inhabitants, with the exception being the human hair found deposited at the back of the cave in the first stratum. The hairs appear to have “been cut at regular intervals of about one month” based on their cut ends and lengths. Archival evidence suggests this may have been a mourning practice, but the purpose of such ritual handling of hair has not been concretely determined.
References
Archaeological sites in Mexico
Mesoamerican sites
Archaeological sites in Coahuila
Cave sites in Mesoamerican archaeology
Caves of Mexico
The Russian Steam Navigation and Trading Company ( or ROPiT , also referred as Russian S.N.Co.) of Odessa was one of the biggest joint stock steamship companies in Imperial Russia. It was established in 1856 and ceased to exist in 1918 due to nationalization after the revolution in Russia.
In 1858 the company obtained a 24-year contract for usage of the port of Villafranca Marittima, on the Mediterranean with the Kingdom of Sardinia.
From 1863 to 1914 all Russian post offices in the Ottoman Empire were run by the ROPiT.
In 1901 it had a fleet of 72 steamships. Company stock was listed on Saint-Petersburg Stock Exchange.
ROPiT fleet
Svet (Свет) (1815)
Emperor Aleksander II (Император Александр II) (1858)
Veliki Knjaz Konstantin (Великий Князь Константин) (1858)
Oleg (Олег) (1859)
Lasar (Лазар) (1863)
Rostov (Ростов) (1867)
Imperatriza Maria (Императрица Мария) (1877)
(Аскольд) (1879, since 1886 till 1916)
Chuanpu (Хуанпу) (1882)
Tsar (Царь) (1883)
Metschta (Мечта) (1884)
Luch (Луч) (1886)
Odessa (Одесса) (1889)
Veliki Knjaz Aleksei (Великий Князь Алексей) (1890)
Blesk (Блеск) (1890)
Veliki Knjaz Konstantin (Великий Князь Константин) (II) (1890)
Veliki Knjaz Konstantin (Великий Князь Константин) (III) (1890)
Svyatoi Nikolai (Святой Николай) (1893)
Korolyevna Olga (Королева Ольга) (1893)
Emperor Nikolai II (Император Николай II)
Chtyr Dag (Чатыр Даг) (1896)
Diana (Диана) (1899)
Chikhachev (Чихачёв)
Alton (Алтон) (1901)
Meteor (Метеор) (1901)
Chersonese (Херсонес) (1903)
Ewrat (Евфрат) (1906) called EUPHRATE in FRANCE (based in Marseille after the beginning of the revolution (bolchevique).
Prince Yevgenia Oldenburgskaya (Принцесса Евгения Ольденбургская) (1903)
Emperor Nikolai I (Император Николай I) (1913)
Imperatriza Yekaterine II (Императрица Екатерина II)
Emperor Aleksander III (Император Александр III)
Emperor Pyotr Veliki (Император Пётр Великий)
Tsar Mikhail Fyodorovich (Царь Михаил Фёдорович) (1914)
Tsarevich Aleksey Nikolayevich (Цесаревич Алексей Николаевич) (1914)
Passenger lines
The company also offered passenger rides. For example, weekly services on the routes "Constantinople-Smyrna-Piraeus-Alexandria, Constantinople-Odessa" - every fortnight the Bulgarian ports of Burgas and Varna were also called in - and "Constantinople–Sevastopol". By 1914 the ROPiT operated a direct line from Odessa via Constantinople to Alexandria and a round trip line and a "Macedonian line" there. Also Black Sea cruises were offered. So changed weekly the "Bulgarian-Anatolian line" from Odessa to Burgas, Constantinople and Trebizond to Batum and the "Anatolian Line" from Constantinople to Batum.
See also
Black Sea Shipping Company
References
Transport companies established in 1856
Defunct shipping companies of Russia
Companies based in Odesa
Transport companies disestablished in 1918
Tvillingtoppen ("Twin Peak") is a mountain peak in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a height of 532 m.a.s.l. The mountain is situated north of the mountain of Hedgehogfjellet, and south of the glacier of Coryellbreen.
The lagoon of Davislaguna is located at the foot of Tvillingtoppen and Hedgehogfjellet.
References
Mountains of Spitsbergen
Justice Woodson may refer to:
Archelaus Marius Woodson (1854–1925), associate justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri
David M. Woodson (1806–1877), associate justice of the Illinois Supreme Court, for one month
A UDP flood attack is a volumetric denial-of-service (DoS) attack using the User Datagram Protocol (UDP), a sessionless/connectionless computer networking protocol.
Using UDP for denial-of-service attacks is not as straightforward as with the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP). However, a UDP flood attack can be initiated by sending a large number of UDP packets to random ports on a remote host. As a result, the distant host will:
Check for the application listening at that port;
See that no application listens at that port;
Reply with an ICMP Destination Unreachable packet.
Thus, for a large number of UDP packets, the victimized system will be forced into sending many ICMP packets, eventually leading it to be unreachable by other clients. The attacker(s) may also spoof the IP address of the UDP packets, ensuring that the excessive ICMP return packets do not reach them, and anonymizing their network location(s). Most operating systems mitigate this part of the attack by limiting the rate at which ICMP responses are sent.
UDP Flood Attack Tools:
Low Orbit Ion Cannon
UDP Unicorn
This attack can be managed by deploying firewalls at key points in a network to filter out unwanted network traffic. The potential victim never receives and never responds to the malicious UDP packets because the firewall stops them. However, as firewalls are 'stateful' i.e. can only hold a number of sessions, firewalls can also be susceptible to flood attacks.
There are ways to protect a system against UDP flood attacks. Here are examples of some of the possible measures:
ICMP rate-limiting: This limitation is generally placed on ICMP responses at operating system level.
Firewall-level filtering on the server: This enables suspicious packets to be rejected. However, it is possible for the firewall to collapse under the strain of a UDP flood attack.
Filtering UDP packets (except for DNS) at network level: DNS requests are typically made using UDP. Any other source generating huge amounts of UDP traffic is considered suspicious, which leads to the packets in question being rejected.
References
External links
Denial-of-service attacks
Gary Imlach (born 1960, at West Bridgford in Nottinghamshire) is a British author, journalist and broadcaster, specialising in sport. After first being known as a sports presenter on TV-am, Imlach has particularly become associated with non-mainstream sports, working for many years as the face of Channel 4's coverage of American Football. Imlach has covered the Tour de France since 1990, formerly on Channel 4, transferring to ITV in 2001 when the station bought the television rights to the cycle race.
They have also hosted the late-night sports chat show Live and Dangerous, and currently presents ITV's coverage of the Tour de France as well as their Super Bowl coverage. They also do links between programmes on the British version of ESPN Classic. In September 2010, Imlach resumed presenting duties on Channel 4's coverage of American Football, but was replaced by Danny Kelly ahead of the 2011 season.
Imlach's biography of their father Stewart Imlach, My Father and Other Working Class Football Heroes, won the William Hill Sports Book of the Year (2005), and the Best New Writer of the British Sports Book Awards (2006).
References
Further reading
Living people
Cycling announcers
1960 births
Cycling journalists
People from West Bridgford
National Football League announcers
English television presenters
English people of Scottish descent
The gift register () of an abbey or monastery was a record of the properties forming its estate, the majority of which came from gifts (Schenkungen). The register served as proof of the legitimacy of these properties and thus provided some security and protection for them. As a rule, the register comprised transcripts of the original documents, not the deed itself, as in the case of the sometimes protocular tradition books. In order to facilitate the management of the estate, documents spanning several centuries were often organised geographically. The entries were kept up-to-date over a longer period of time.
Reichenbach Gift Register
The Reichenbach Gift Register (Reichenbacher Schenkungsbuch) belonging to Reichenbach Abbey in the Northern Black Forest was preserved in three volumes: first the St. Paul Manuscript (1099-1105), then the Stuttgart Manuscript (1143-1152) and finally the Wiblingen Manuscript (16th century). The latter, however, has been missing since 1963. The original text, which was not preserved, was probably written by the time of Abbot William (died 1091).
Gift register of Lorsch Abbey
Like those at Fulda, documents about the estates of the imperial abbey of Lorsch have survived dating as far back as the 8th century. The Lorsch Codex compiled in the 12th century contains the names of more than 1000 places, which are mentioned for the first time.
Among the place first recorded in the Codex are Sersheim, Lohra, Neckargröningen, now part of Remseck am Neckar, Mannheim and Nauheim.
Gift register of Hirsau Abbey
The Codex Hirsaugiensis was created as an edited version of the Traditiones Hirsaugenses tradition, in order to enable systematic access to the monastery's documents. Personalities mentioned in the Hirsau gift register include Conrad I of Württemberg.
Literature
Stephan Molitor: Das Reichenbacher Schenkungsbuch (= Veröffentlichungen der Kommission für Geschichtliche Landeskunde in Baden-Württemberg. Reihe A: Quellen. Bd. 40). Kohlhammer, Stuttgart, 1997, (zugl. Diss. Univ. Freiburg i. Br. 1986).
See also
Cartulary
Tradition book
External links
Legal history of the Holy Roman Empire
Legal history of Germany
Notary
South Carolina Highway 269 (SC 269) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway travels through rural areas of Richland and Fairfield counties.
Route description
SC 269 begins at an intersection with SC 215 (Monticello Road) near Blythewood, Richland County. It travels to the north and curves to the north-northwest and enters Fairfield County. It curves to the north-northeast and the northeast and passes the Fairfield County Airport. A short distance later, it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with U.S. Route 321 (US 321) at a point south of Winnsboro Mills.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 269 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
269
Transportation in Richland County, South Carolina
Transportation in Fairfield County, South Carolina
Cahora-Bassa District is a district of Tete Province in western Mozambique. Its administrative center is the town of Chitima. The district is located in the southwest of the province, and borders Marávia District in the north, Chiuta District in the northeast, Changara District in the east, Zimbabwe in the south, and Magoé District in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 89,956 as of 2007.
Geography
The district is located at the right bank of the Zambezi, with the Chirodze River, the Daque River, the Messanângua River, and the Sacoke River being the other principal rivers in the district.
The climate is predominantly hot semi-arid modified locally by altitude, with two distinct seasons, the rainy season (very short) and the dry season (very long). The average annual precipitation is about 635 mm, while annual potential evapotranspiration is about 1623 mm. Most rainfall occurs mainly in the period between December and February, varying significantly in quantitade and distribution from year to year. The average annual temperature is 26 °C.
Demographics
As of 2005, 48% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 79% of the population was rural. 40% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cinyungwe. 64% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Songo (two localities), Chitholo (two localities), and Chitima (five localities).
Economy
9% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 12,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long.
References
Districts in Tete Province
Johannes Enzenhofer (born 4 October 1965) is an athlete from Austria. They compete in triathlon.
Enzenhofer competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took 29th place with a total time of 1:51:02.48.
References
Austrian male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
1965 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of Austria
Gregory Lemont Jeffries (born October 16, 1971 in High Point, North Carolina) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for two teams. They played college football for the University of Virginia.
1971 births
Living people
Virginia Cavaliers football players
American football safeties
Detroit Lions players
Miami Dolphins players
Sportspeople from High Point, North Carolina
Safe Haven is a fantasy romantic novel by American novelist Nicholas Sparks. It was published in 2010. According to WorldCat, the book is held in 2242 libraries.
Plot
Erin flees their abusive alcoholic husband, Kevin, takes on a different identity and changes their name to Katie. They arrive in Southport, North Carolina. Finding work at a seafood restaurant, they become friends with their neighbor, Jo, and gets to know the town's general store owner, Alex.
Katie is interested in Alex, who is a widower with two children. Alex and Katie's relationship becomes romantic, encouraged by Jo. Alex's former job had trained them to recognize signs of an abuse victim. Katie reveals their past to Alex, who wants to know why they did not go seek help from the police. They explain that Kevin is a police detective. They fled from their abuse because they knew they would kill them if they located them Them created identity is based on a neighbor's dead daughter who resembled them
Kevin is furious with their wife for leaving and drank more to dull their pain. They learn of Erin's new identity and searches for them Kevin arrives in Southport, while Katie is caring for Alex's children. Kevin sets the house on fire, thinking it would kill both Katie and Alex. They fight Kevin, and the children escape. Alex, arriving home, finds their children and takes them to Katie's house where they think they will be safe. They return to the fire and finds Kevin attempting to harm Katie. Desperate, Alex drives toward Kevin who is firing a gun at him. The vehicle hits Kevin, breaking their hand and disarming him. Katie retrieves Kevin's gun, and they and Alex are reunited. Kevin, however, is able to drive away. They go to Katie's house. When they learn that Alex left the children at their house, they are terrified, knowing that Kevin will hunt them down at their house, putting the children's lives in danger. As they reach Katie's house, Kevin attacks Alex with a crowbar. Kevin is going to shoot and kill Katie, but when they fire the gun, the bullet hits Kevin in the stomach and they die in front of Katie.
Alex had been given an unopened letter from their dead wife, Carly. After they and Katie recover from their injuries, they locate the safe in the ashes of the burnt home. They give Katie the unopened letter to read. They go home to read it and is shocked when they see Jo's house looking like no one had ever lived in it. Startled, they begin to think that Jo had been a complete figment of their imagination. Upon reading the letter, Katie realizes that it was written by Alex's late wife, Carly Jo, whom friends called "Jo". Katie realizes that their friend Jo was really Carly's spirit. In the letter, Carly Jo asked Katie to take care of Alex and the children. After Katie reads the letter, they see lights in their neighbor's house and Jo standing in the window, waving farewell. The next time they glance at Jo's house, it is dark and has returned to the appearance that no one has lived in the house for years.
Adaptation
Safe Haven was adapted into a feature film in 2013. The film was directed by Lasse Hallström. It starred Julianne Hough as Katie, Josh Duhamel as Alex, David Lyons as Kevin, and Cobie Smulders as Jo.
References
External links
Safe Haven in Goodreads
2010 American novels
American romance novels
Novels by Nicholas Sparks
American novels adapted into films
Novels set in North Carolina
Novels about alcoholism
The Australian Ambassador to the Holy See was first appointed in 1973. The first nominee for this position was Dudley McCarthy, who was also the ambassador to Spain, but the Vatican refused to accept the nomination on the grounds that McCarthy had been divorced. The appointment was subsequently attached to the office of the Ambassador to the Netherlands, Denmark, Turkey, Ireland, Malta, Sweden and Switzerland, before Tim Fischer was appointed as the first permanent resident ambassador to the Holy See in 2008. In 1986, Sir Peter Lawler had been appointed resident ambassador for four months prior to Pope John Paul II's visit to Australia.
List of heads of mission
References
Holy See
Australia
Durafour is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antoine Durafour (1876–1932), French politician
Michel Durafour (1920–2017), French politician
Richard Tanner Pascale, born 1938, is an academic, management theorist and business advisor. They were based at Stanford Business School for 20 years and is currently (2020) an Associate Fellow of the Saïd Business School at the University of Oxford. The Economist magazine has named them "one of the leading management gurus of the past 50 years".
Pascale's management works include:
The Art of Japanese Management: Applications for American Executives (1981), co-authored with Anthony Athos of Harvard Business School.
Managing On the Edge: How Successful Companies Use Conflict to Stay Ahead (1990),
Surfing the Edge of Chaos: The Laws of Nature and the New Laws of Business (2000), co-authored with Mark Millemann and Linda Gioja,
The Power of Positive Deviance: How Unlikely Innovators Solve the World's Toughest Problems (2010), co-authored with Jerry Sternin and Monica Sternin.
In Managing on the Edge (1990), Pascale noted that "few of the top 500 companies in the US 10 years ago" (i.e. 1980) were still leading companies and looked for explanations for why companies decline. Pascale has catalogued management fads (or business fads), enumerating 37 different new management ideas which emerged between 1950 and 2000.
Several of these texts are co-authored. In The Power of Positive Deviance, Pascale took the lead in writing up observations and reflections based on the work of their co-authors Jerry and Monique Sternin, fieldworkers and Positive Deviance practitioners who had undertaken Peace Corps child development work in Vietnam, observed by Pascale. The work of the Sternins was also observed in Bangladesh, Indonesia, Myanmar, Uganda, Argentina and the Pittsburgh VA Hospital and incorporated into the book.
References
American management consultants
The following lists events that have happened in 1834 in the Qajar dynasty, Iran.
Incumbents
Monarch: Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar (until October 23), Mohammad Shah Qajar (starting October 23)
Events
Mohammad Shah Qajar ascended to the throne.
Death
October 23 – Fath-Ali Shah Qajar, the second king of Qajar dynasty, died in Isfahan at the age of 62.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1830s in Iran
Iran
Janis Beinarovics (June 5, 1907 – August 27, 1967) was a Latvian athlete who won the Latvian Master's title in Greco-Roman wrestling four times between the years 1935 to 1938. They joined the Second Riga Athletic Club (2 R.A.K.) at the age of 17 and competed in the Bantam weight class. A cabinetmaker by trade, Beinarovics had to train in their spare time. They acquired a total of ten titles in Latvia's amateur championships during their career.
Beginnings of clubs and competitions
Greco-Roman wrestling is a sport that became very popular in Latvia in the 1920s and 1930s. Amateur clubs were formed soon after the country was founded in 1918. Beinarovics joined such a club, trained in the Bantam category, competed and then coached and mentored other wrestlers. Competitions took place in Latvia as well as other European jurisdictions. Many capitals of European countries hosted these team championships, such as Rome (1934), Copenhagen (1935), Paris (1937), Tallinn (1938), and Oslo (1939). These competitions were called the European Masters Greco-Roman Wrestling Championships. Beinarovics qualified once for the team, that would contend in these European matches.
Besides, competitions with well-known wrestlers from Estonia, a Baltic neighbor, were organized on a yearly basis. Between 1925 and 1940 the two countries alternated the hosting of these matches fifteen times. Weight classes from Bantam to Heavyweight participated. In 1921 a provisional Latvian Olympic Committee was established, and three years later, 41 Latvian competitors took part for the first time at the 1924 Paris Summer Olympics. In 1936 Edvins Bietags won the first silver medal for Greco-Roman wrestling in the Light Heavyweight category at the Olympics.
Early wins
Beinarovics won the Latvian Masters Title for the first time in 1935, That qualified them to join the National Latvian Wrestling Team which represented Latvia in the European Competitions held in Copenhagen the same year. They competed against an Estonian, Evald Sikk, who won the match. (The following year, Sikk went on to compete in the 1936 Berlin Olympics, coming in sixth place.) In Latvia, Janis won the Latvian Masters title for a second time.
Rise to prominence
By 1937, Beinarovics was gaining a reputation for their sport, which was becoming increasingly popular. They joined the Army Sports Club (ASK) and qualified for the third time to contend in the upcoming matches against the Estonian team. Their event took place on October 3 and was attended by 1,200 spectators in the Sports Hall in Riga. Beinarovics beat their younger opponent, Maiste, and was praised for their final move, where they pinned Maiste's shoulder to the mat. Latvia won 4 - 3 over the Estonian team.
Their fourth and final Masters Title win in Latvia allowed them to compete once again in the European Competitions in Tallinn, Estonia in 1938. Their teammates in the various weight categories were Edvins Bietags, A. Kalnins, G. Ozolins, K. Jespars, E. Kalnins, and K. Kundzins, and the coach was A. Lapcinskis. Janis, in Bantam weight, was defeated by the Czechoslovak wrestler, Nics.
Continued involvement in the sport
After the loss in Estonia, Beinarovics continued their involvement with the sport, but focused their efforts on coaching young, aspiring wrestlers. They were part of a team of professional trainers at the ASK, 116 Kr. Barona street, in Riga. They coached wrestlers and refereed competitions as late as 1944 before they were conscripted into the army to fight on the Russian front.
Awards and recognition
In 1938, Beinarovics and other ASK wrestlers were honored for their athletic achievements by the Heavy Athletics Sports Federation. Awards for personal contributions were also presented. They received one for their commitment to furthering the goals of the ASK. The following year, in November 1939, with World War II having already been declared, medals were given to Latvian athletes who had represented their country over the years in the heavy athletics categories of wrestling and weightlifting. This highest form of recognition was awarded at a final ball held in their honor at the Amateur Hall at 3 Amata Street in Riga. This meant to serve as a tribute to the devotion of Latvian athletes to their sport and their country over the 20 years of its existence as a sovereign nation. Latvia became independent 52 years later in 1991.
References
1907 births
1967 deaths
Latvian male sport wrestlers
Latvian Waffen-SS personnel
Latvian emigrants to Canada
(Hoyt) Clay Puett (born 1899 Chillicothe, Texas – 1998) was the inventor of the enclosed electric starting gate used at all major thoroughbred race tracks around the world. On July 1, 1939, Puett's invention made its debut at Exhibition Park Race Track, Vancouver, British Columbia. It was an immediate success. By the end of 1940, Puett's gate was a fixture at all major North American race tracks.
Prior to Puett's invention, races were commonly started with ropes, ribbons, or wooden barriers. As a young man, Puett had worked as a rider, as well as a starter, and knew of the dangers that were associated with these methods for starting a race. They began work on a prototype of their invention in 1931, while working as a starter in Greeley, Colorado. Puett's company, True Center Gate in Phoenix, Arizona, still manufactures gates for the racing industry, and an award bearing Puett's name is given to innovators in racing by the University of Arizona's yearly Symposium on Racing.
Fame
Their vital contribution to the sport of horse racing is noted in such publications as "Horse Racing's Top 100 Moments", Sports Illustrated, and The Blood Horse, as well as being the subject of numerous documentaries and news articles.  They are also featured in an exhibit in the Kentucky Derby Museum, in Louisville, Kentucky. In 1988, Puett was featured as part of a question on the game show Jeopardy!
References
People in horse racing
1899 births
1998 deaths
People from Chillicothe, Texas
20th-century American inventors
District 52 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes all of Hood River County and portions of Clackamas and Multnomah counties. The current representative for the district is Democrat Anna Williams of Hood River.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time; therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 1990 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County, Oregon
Hood River County, Oregon
Multnomah County, Oregon
Durgada may refer to:
Durgada, Kakinada district, a village in Gollaprolu mandal, Kakinada district, Andhra Pradesh, India
Durgada, Yavatmal district, a village in Maregaon tahsil, Yavatmal district, Maharastra, India
Durgada, Wardha district, a village in Deoli tahsil, Wardha district, Maharastra, India
Qadi Mahalleh () may refer to:
Qadi Mahalleh, Amol
Qadi Mahalleh, Babolsar
Qadi Mahalleh, Juybar
Thibault Desseignet (born September 16, 1998) is a French professional basketball player for Nantes of LNB Pro B.
They joined JL Bourg in 2015. Desseignet injured their shoulder in December 2017. In April 2018 they sprained their ankle and missed some time.
References
1998 births
Living people
French men's basketball players
JL Bourg-en-Bresse players
Point guards
Sportspeople from Roanne
Thrix is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae first described by William Doherty in 1891. Its one species is Thrix scopula, which was first described by Herbert Druce in 1873. It is found in the Indomalayan realm (in Borneo, Thailand, Sumatra and Peninsular Malaya).
Subspecies
T. s. scopula Borneo, Sumatra
T. s. nisibis (de Nicéville, 1895) Peninsular Malaya
T. s. elioti Takanami, 1989 Nias Island
References
Iolaini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by William Doherty
Monotypic butterfly genera
The 1926 Akron Indians season was their seventh and final season in the league and only season as the Indians. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 4–2–2, winning only one game. They tied for sixteenth in the league.
Schedule
Standings
References
Akron Pros seasons
Akron Indians
Akron Pros
The eighth season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, originally aired on Nickelodeon in the United States from March 26, 2011, to December 6, 2012, and contained 26 half-hour episodes, with a miniseries titled SpongeBob's Runaway Roadtrip. The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and their various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The season was executive produced by series creator Hillenburg and writer Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the showrunner. In 2011, SpongeBob's Runaway Roadtrip, an anthology series consisting of five episodes from the season, was launched.
The show itself received some recognition, including the 2011 and 2012 Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon. The series was also nominated in various international Kids' Choice Awards ceremonies for the same category. At the 39th Daytime Emmy Awards the show received four nominations—including Outstanding Children's Animated Program, Outstanding Directing in an Animated Program, Outstanding Performer in an Animated Program for Rodger Bumpass as Squidward Tentacles, and Outstanding Sound Editing -Animation. At the 40th Daytime Emmy Awards, the series was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Sound Editing - Animation. The show won the BAFTA Children's Awards for the International category. The episode "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" was well received at the 40th Annie Awards, being nominated for three categories, including a successful win for Dan Driscoll for the Character Animation in an Animated Television or other Broadcast Venue Production category. In 2012, it was reported that the show was receiving a decline in ratings. The Wall Street Journal pointed to a few possible problems: It could be too old, or it may be shown on TV too often. Another issue could be its licensing to Netflix, an on-demand Internet streaming media, the previous year. As a result, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings announced not to renew their existing deal with Viacom, owner of the SpongeBob trademark. Since then, Viacom's deal with Netflix expired, removed its shows such as SpongeBob, and Dora the Explorer, and moved its programmings to Amazon.com, Netflix's top competitor, and later CBS All Access.
Several compilation DVDs that contained episodes from the season were released. The SpongeBob SquarePants: The Complete Eighth Season DVD was released in region 1 on March 12, 2013, region 2 on October 28, 2013, and region 4 on October 30, 2013.
Production
The season's executive producers were series creator Stephen Hillenburg and Paul Tibbitt, who also acted as the series' showrunner. Due to the success of the show, the New York Daily News reported that Nickelodeon picked up SpongeBob SquarePants for an eighth season on December 14, 2009, during the year which the show was celebrating its tenth anniversary on television. Brown Johnson, president of animation for Nickelodeon and MTVN Kids & Family Group, announced the renewal of the series. The season was ordered with 26 episodes, that would bring the total number of episodes for the series to 178. With its episode count of 178, SpongeBob SquarePants surpassed Rugrats in episodes, it became the sixth Nickelodeon series with most episodes. Johnson said "After a decade on our air, SpongeBob has emerged as one of the most beloved and popular characters in television history. Audiences of all ages have fallen in love with this show and we're delighted to be serving up additional original episodes to our viewers for many years."
Nickelodeon President Cyma Zarghami said "There are a bunch of different theories about SpongeBob. You can't dismiss the fact that it is a creatively excellent property. It's a character of good, positive energy. It came at a time when people wanted something more positive." On March 26, 2011, the season premiered with the "A Friendly Game" and "Oral Report". "A Friendly Game" was written by Casey Alexander, Zeus Cervas and Steven Banks, with Tom Yasumi serving as animation director. "Oral Report" was written by Alexander, Cervas and Dani Michaeli, and the animation was directed by Alan Smart.
Animation was handled overseas in South Korea at Rough Draft Studios. In 2012, Nickelodeon produced and debuted "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!", the first full-length episode of the series that was produced in stop motion animation. Mark Caballero, Seamus Walsh, and Christopher Finnegan of Screen Novelties animated it, and Caballero and Walsh also served as its directors. Production on the episode began in October 2011 at Los Angeles, California. According to Finnegan, it took about five months to shoot, with a couple of months on either end for research and development and post. Animation directors credited with episodes in the eighth season included Caballero, Andrew Overtoom, Alan Smart, Walsh, and Tom Yasumi. Episodes were written by a team of writers, which consisted of Alexander, Banks, Luke Brookshier, Nate Cash, Marc Ceccarelli, Cervas, Sean Charmatz, Andrew Goodman, Derek Iversen, Mr. Lawrence, Michaeli, Richard Pursel, Aaron Springer, Paul Tibbitt, and Vincent Waller. The season was storyboarded by Alexander, Brookshier, Cash, Ceccarelli, Cervas, Charmatz, Springer, and Waller. This is the last season to be produced in standard definition.
Cast
The eighth season featured Tom Kenny as the voice of the title character SpongeBob SquarePants and their pet snail Gary. SpongeBob's best friend, a starfish named Patrick Star, was voiced by Bill Fagerbakke, while Rodger Bumpass played the voice of Squidward Tentacles, an arrogant and ill-tempered octopus. Other members of the cast were Clancy Brown as Mr. Krabs, a miserly crab obsessed with money who is SpongeBob's boss at the Krusty Krab; Mr. Lawrence as Plankton, a small green copepod and Mr. Krabs' business rival; Jill Talley as Karen, Plankton's sentient computer sidekick; Carolyn Lawrence as Sandy Cheeks, a squirrel from Texas; Mary Jo Catlett as Mrs. Puff, SpongeBob's boating school teacher; and Lori Alan as Pearl, a teenage whale who is Mr. Krabs' daughter.
In addition to the regular cast members, episodes feature guest voices from many ranges of professions, including actors, musicians, and artists. For instance, in the episode "Ghoul Fools", American actor and comedian Chris Elliott guest starred in the episode as Lord Poltergeist, ghost pirate who runs a "haunted houseboat." Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway returned in the episode "Mermaid Man Begins", reprising their roles as SpongeBob and Patrick's favorite superheroes, Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy, respectively. They reappeared in "Super Evil Aquatic Villain Team Up is Go!", voicing their respective roles. In "Pet Sitter Pat", Marion Ross voiced their recurring role as Grandma SquarePants, SpongeBob's grandmother. The episode "Pet Sitter Pat" was Marion Ross' last voice-over work for the series as they had officially retired from acting in 2018. Brian Doyle-Murray reprised their role as the Flying Dutchman for "Ghoul Fools". In "The Way of the Sponge", comedian Rich Fulcher guest starred as Fuzzy Acorns, Sandy's karate instructor. John Goodman guest starred in the special episode "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" as Santa Claus. In "Hello Bikini Bottom", Andy Samberg voiced the character of Colonel Carper, a concert manager who wants to become SpongeBob and Squidward's band manager. Samberg said "I've been a SpongeBob fan for years, so I was honored to be asked. It's one of the few shows ever that's just as funny for kids as it is for adults."
Reception
Ratings
During its peak years in early 2000, SpongeBob SquarePants received enormous ratings and number of viewers. By 2012, it was reported that the series' ratings were declining. The average number of viewers aged 2 to 11 watching SpongeBob at any given time dropped 29% in the first quarter from a year earlier, according to Nielsen. Wall Street Journal business writer John Jannarone suggested that the age of the series and oversaturation of the show might be contributing to the decline of the series' ratings, and might also be directly responsible for the decline in Nickelodeon's overall ratings. Media analyst Todd Juenger, directly attributes the decline in Nickelodeon's ratings to the availability of streaming video content on services like Netflix, a provider of on-demand Internet streaming media. Philippe Dauman, the president and CEO of Viacom, contradicted the notion saying they did not think "the limited amount of Nick library content on Netflix [...] has had a significant impact". A Nickelodeon spokesperson says SpongeBob is performing consistently well and remains as the number one rated animated series in all of children's television. They added "there is nothing that we have seen that points to SpongeBob as a problem." Dauman blamed the drop on "some ratings systemic issues" at Nielsen, citing extensive set-top-box data that "does in no way reflect" the Nielsen data.
Juenger also notes that SpongeBob could affect the ratings of other Nickelodeon programming because children often change channels to find their favorite program, then stay tuned into that network. Nickelodeon recently reduced its exposure in television. In the first quarter of 2012, the network cut back on the number of episodes it aired by 16% compared with a year earlier.
On April 22, 2013, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings announced their intentions not to renew their existing deal with Viacom. Since then, Viacom's deal with Netflix expired, and shows such as SpongeBob and Dora the Explorer were removed. However, SpongeBob is still available to stream on Netflix in Canada. On June 4, 2013, Viacom announced a multi-year licensing agreement which would move its programs, such as SpongeBob and Dora the Explorer, to Amazon.com, Netflix's top competitor. Amazon agreed to pay more than $200 million to Viacom for the license, its largest subscription streaming transaction ever.
Reviews and accolades
At the 39th Annie Awards, Dani Michaeli, Sean Charmatz, Nate Cash, Luke Brookshier and Paul Tibbitt were nominated for Best Writing in an Animated Television Production for the episode "Patrick's Staycation". Moreover, directors Mark Caballero and Seamus Walsh also received a nomination at the 40th Annie Awards for Directing in an Animated Television or other Broadcast Venue Production for the episode "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!". Nominated for the same episode, Dan Driscoll won the Character Animation in an Animated Television or other Broadcast Venue Production category. Savelen Forrest received the same nomination for their work on the episode, but lost. The episode was also nominated at the 2013 Golden Reel Awards for Best Sound Editing - Sound Effects, Foley, Dialogue and ADR Animation in Television. "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" was nominated at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival for Special Award for a TV Series.
The show itself received some recognition. At the 39th Daytime Emmy Awards the show received four nominations—including Outstanding Children's Animated Program, Outstanding Directing in an Animated Program, Outstanding Performer in an Animated Program for Rodger Bumpass as Squidward Tentacles, and Outstanding Sound Editing - Animation. At the 40th Daytime Emmy Awards, the series was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Sound Editing - Animation. The show was nominated at the Producers Guild of America for the Children's Program category. At the BAFTA Children's Awards, the show won the International category. At the 2011 and 2012 ASCAP Film and Television Awards, SpongeBob SquarePants won the Top Television Series category. Furthermore, at the 2011 Kids' Choice Awards, the show won the Favorite Cartoon category. The series also won the succeeding year's Kids' Choice Awards and the 2011 Indonesia Kids' Choice Awards for the same category. SpongeBob SquarePants also received Favorite Cartoon nominations at the Kids' Choice Awards Argentina 2011 and 2012, and at the 2012 Kids' Choice Awards Mexico. At the TP de Oro, the show won the Best Children and Youth Program category.
The season received positive reviews from media critics. In their review for The Boston Globe, Tom Russo was positive on the season DVD set. Russo praised the episode that "topped the shortlist", "Plankton's Good Eye", writing "the micro-antagonist clones one of SpongeBob's eyeballs for himself, and suddenly develops a more bubbly worldview." Author Richard Reitsma cited a scene in "Squidward's School for Grown-Ups", in which SpongeBob tries to win back Patrick's friendship by dressing as the operatic Brünnhilde (just as Bugs Bunny did in the classic 1957 cartoon What's Opera, Doc?), as an example of the supposed gay subtext in the series, claimed to exist by some critics of the show and denied by its creator.
Episodes
The episodes are ordered below according to Nickelodeon's packaging order, and not their original production or broadcast order.
DVD release
The DVD boxset for season eight was released by Paramount Home Entertainment and Nickelodeon in the United States and Canada on March 12, 2013, three months after the season had completed broadcast on television. The DVD release features bonus materials, including the animated short "Sandy's Vacation in Ruins."
Notes
References
External links
Season 8 at Metacritic
2011 American television seasons
2012 American television seasons
SpongeBob SquarePants seasons
HP is a cubic-grain black-and-white film from Ilford Photo with a long history. It originated as Hypersensitive Panchromatic plates in 1931. Since then it has progressed through a number of versions, with HP5 plus (HP5+ for short) being the latest. The main competitor of Ilford HP5 Plus is Kodak Tri-X 400.
HP3 went through two speed changes in its history, but only one actual change to the emulsion. In 1960 the 200 ISO/ASA emulsion was relabeled as 400 ISO/ASA with no change to the product. The 200 ISO/ASA speed included an exposure safety margin, but with improvements in light meters this was deemed unnecessary, thus the speed was revised up to 400 ISO/ASA.
On September 23, 2005, Ilford reintroduced its black-and-white single-use camera which includes 27 exposures of HP5 plus film.
References
External links
Ilford HP5 plus
Photographic films
Palej railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Palej railway station is 26 km far away from Bharuch railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express/Superfast trains halt at Palej railway station.
Nearby Stations
Varediya is the nearest railway station towards Mumbai, whereas Lakodra Dethan is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara.
Major Trains
Following Express/Superfast trains halt at Palej railway station in both direction:
19033/34 Valsad - Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express
12929/30 Valsad - Dahod Intercity Superfast Express
19023/24 Mumbai Central - Firozpur Janata Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central - Porbandar Saurashtra Express
22929/30 Bhilad - Vadodara Superfast Express
22953/54 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Gujarat Superfast Express
19218 Jamnagar - Bandra Terminus Saurashtra Janata Express
19115/16 Dadar - Bhuj Sayajinagari Express
References
See also
Bharuch district
Railway stations in Bharuch district
Vadodara railway division
Thayagon is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
The Spanish Catholic Church, or Catholic Church in Spain, is part of the Catholic Church under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome, and the Spanish Episcopal Conference.
The Spanish Constitution of 1978 establishes the non-denominationality of the State, providing that the public authorities take into account the religious beliefs of society, maintaining cooperative relations with the Catholic Church and other confessions. Thus, the relations between the Spanish State and The Holy See are regulated by the 1976 agreement and the three 1979 agreements, which modified and replaced the previous 1953 concordat.
History
According to , Christianity could have been present in Spain from a very early period. St. Paul intend to go to Hispania to preach the gospel there after visiting the Romans along the way. But there is no clear evidence if they ever made it. After 410 AD, Spain was taken over by the Visigoths who had been converted to Arianism around 360. From the 5th to the 7th century, about thirty synods, were held at Toledo to regulate and standardise matters of discipline, decreed uniformity of liturgy throughout the kingdom. Medieval Spain was the scene of almost constant warfare between Islamic and Christian kingdoms. Islamic and Christian people generally lived in peaceful co-existence under Islamic rule such as in Al-Andalus with many instances of inter-religious marriage. However, there was tension from the Pope and the Catholic Church to oppose Islamic rule in Spain and to "reclaim" Europe. This was the period of the so-called "Golden age of Jewish culture in Spain". The Almohads, who had taken control of the Almoravids' Maghrebi and Andalusian territories by 1147, far surpassed the Almoravids in Islamic fundamentalism, and they notably treated the non-Islamic dhimmis harshly. Faced with the choice of death, conversion, or emigration, many Jews fled to North Africa and Egypt.
The Reconquista was the long process by which the Catholics reconquered Spain from Islamic rule by 1492. The Spanish Inquisition was established in 1478 to complete the religious purification of the Iberian Peninsula. In the centuries that followed, Spain saw itself as the bulwark of Catholicism and doctrinal purity.
Spanish missionaries carried Catholicism to the Americas and the Philippines, establishing various missions in the newly colonized lands. The missions served as a base for both administering colonies and spreading Christianity.
According to Juan Avilés Farré, Catholicism constituted the "doctrinal basis of the most significant organizations of the anti-democratic and anti-liberal right-wing" in Spain developed in the period going from the demise of right-wing liberal conservatism led by Cánovas del Castillo to the installment of the Francoist dictatorship, including maurism, Patriotic Union, the group around Acción Española and Falange Española.
The Catholic Church in Spain supported Franco in the Spanish Civil War and afterwards established a close relationship with the Spanish state, with many Catholic priests serving in the government. After Vatican II, the church suddenly reversed its position, withdrew its support for the Franco regime, and supported the separation of church and state.
Sites
The Spanish Church oversees one of the greatest repositories of religious architecture (and art) in the world, among them the outstanding cathedrals of Cordoba (a former mosque), Santiago de Compostela, Burgos, León, Seville, Toledo and the Cathedral-Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar in Zaragoza. There are also magnificent monasteries like San Millán and Silos in La Rioja, Monstserrat and Poblet in Catalonia, El Escorial and El Paular in Madrid, San Juan de los Reyes in Castile-La Mancha, the Abbey of Santa María la Real de Las Huelgas in Castile and Leon, or churches like Sagrada Familia in Barcelona by Antoni Gaudí.
Festivals and pilgrimages
Holy Week
Holy Week () in Spain attracts thousands of pilgrims and tourists alike. For centuries Holy Week has had a special significance in the church calendar in Spain, where early on Good Friday the darkened streets of dawn become the stage for solemn processions and celebrations that lead up to festivities of Easter Sunday. Fifty-eight processions (according to a 2008 guide) parallel the health and wealth of the city from the 16th and 17th centuries of its golden age to the French Invasion in the 18th century and finally to its rebirth today in the twentieth century. Despite church attendances falling, in common with the rest of Europe, the Easter processions are expanding, as many newly formed brotherhoods have asked for permission from bishops and other authorities to process during Holy Week.
Way of Saint James
For over a thousand years, Europeans living north of the Alps have made their way to the closest place in Europe "where they could access the spiritual authority of an Apostle: Santiago de Compostela.". In 2007, for example, over 100,000 people walked to Santiago de Compostela alone.
Statistics
There are over 42 million baptized, covering about 92% of the total population. There are 70 dioceses and archdioceses. Some studies indicate that the percentage of the population that identifies as catholic is closer to 60%.
In spite of strong traditions, most Spaniards do not participate regularly in religious services. A study conducted in October 2006 by the Spanish Centre of Sociological Research shows that of the Spaniards who identify themselves as religious, 54% hardly ever or never go to church (except for wedding and funerals), 15% go to church some times a year, 10% some time per month and 19% every Sunday or multiple times per week. A huge majority of young Spaniards, including those who self-identify as Catholic, ignore the Church's stance on issues such as pre-marital sex, sexual orientation or contraception. 75% of Spanish Catholics support same-sex marriage and 13% oppose it. 91% of Spanish Catholics believe society should accept gay people while 8% believe society should not accept gays.
The total number of parish priests has shrunk from 24,300 in 1975 to 19,307 in 2005. Nuns also dropped 6.9% to 54,160 in the period 2000–2005.
According to the Eurobarometer 69 (2008), another independent source, only 3% of Spaniards consider religion as one of their three most important values, while the European mean is 7%.
See also
Religion in Spain
Saints of Catalonia
Catholicism in the Second Spanish Republic
Martyrs of the Spanish Civil War
References
Further reading
Callahan, William J. The Catholic Church in Spain, 1875-1998 (1998; reprint 2012)
Jedin, Hubert, and John Dolan, eds. History of the Church, Volume X: The Church in the Modern Age (1989)
Lannon, Frances. Privilege, Persecution, and Prophecy. The Catholic Church in Spain 1875-1975. (Oxford UP, 1987)
Payne, Stanley G. Spanish Catholicism: An Historical Overview (1984)
Relaño Pastor, Eugenia. "Spanish Catholic Church in Franco Regime: A Marriage of Convenience," Kirchliche Zeitgeschichte: Internationale Zeitschrift für Theologie und Geschichtswissenschaft (2007) 20#2 pp 275–287.
Vincent, Mary. "Spain", in Tom Buchanan and Martin Conway, eds., Political Catholicism in Europe, 1918–1965 (Oxford 1996)
Spain
Spain
Spain
Spanish culture
Olivier Marceau (born 30 January 1973 in Fontenay-aux-Roses, Hauts-de-Seine) is an athlete from France, who competes in triathlon.
A member of the Poissy Triathlon Club they competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took seventh place with a total time of 1:49:18.03.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Marceau competed again. This time they competed on the Swiss team, placing eighth with a time of 1:52:44.36.
References
sports-reference
1973 births
Living people
People from Fontenay-aux-Roses
French male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of France
Olympic triathletes of Switzerland
Swiss male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hauts-de-Seine
21st-century French people
20th-century French people
The 2022 F4 Brazilian Championship is the inaugural season of the F4 Brazilian Championship. It is a multi-event motor racing championship for open wheel, formula racing cars regulated according to FIA Formula 4 regulations. The championship uses Tatuus F4 T-421 chassis.
Teams and drivers
All pre-selected teams are Brazilian-registered and each fields 4 cars. Team allocation for the drivers was decided by a draw.
Race calendar
All rounds are held in Brazil and support the 2022 Stock Car Pro Series events. The schedule was revealed on 21 December 2021. The revised version was published on 5 May 2022. Further changes were announced on 30 June 2022.
Championship standings
Points are awarded to the top ten classified finishers in 25-minute races and for the top eight classified finishers in 18-minute races. The final classification is obtained by dropping two worst results from the first five rounds of the championship. A driver must participate in these dropped races.
Drivers' standings
Teams' championship
Each team acquires the points earned by their two best drivers in each race.
{|
|
References
External links
Brazilian F4
Brazilian F4
F4
Brazilian F4
Manastir is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. It used to be part of the former municipality of Vitolište.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 4 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 4
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Paul Capdeville and Óscar Hernández were the defending champions. They were both present but did not compete together.
Capdeville partnered with Lucas Arnold Ker, but lost in the first round to José Acasuso and Sebastián Prieto.
Hernandez partnered with Sergio Roitman, but lost in the first round to Juan Pablo Brzezicki and Ross Hutchins.
José Acasuso and Sebastián Prieto won in the final 6–1, 3–0, after Máximo González and Juan Mónaco retired due to a left ankle injury for Monaco.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
Doubles
Seydou Koné (born 28 March 1983) is a Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Career
Born in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, Koné played youth football in their native country before starting their senior career in Burkina Faso with Racing Club Kadiogo, where they spent five seasons. After spells in Romania with FC Botoșani and FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș, they moved to Portugal in 2009 to join União Leiria. Koné made just one appearance for the club before transferring to French side Pau FC the following summer. They signed a two-year contract with Nîmes in 2011 after spending one season with Pau and leading the Championnat de France amateur in goals.
Koné spent two years with Nîmes before transferring to ES Uzès Pont du Gard ahead of the 2013–14 season, and six months later they were on the move again, joining FC Istres.
Career statistics
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Ivorian footballers
Association football forwards
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
FC Botoșani players
U.D. Leiria players
Pau FC players
Nîmes Olympique players
ES Uzès Pont du Gard players
FC Istres players
Chamois Niortais F.C. players
Stade Lavallois players
Primeira Liga players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Issa Alekasir Rajabi (, born 7 February 1990) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a striker for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Club career
Alekasir joined Paykan after promoting with Esteghlal Ahvaz to Azadegan League in summer 2012. They spent a poor season with Paykan where they played 12 times without scoring a goal. In summer 2013 they joined to Albadr Bandar Kong. After Albadr Bandar Kong's relegation to Iran Football's 2nd Division in 2014, they joined Aluminium Hormozgan. After shining with their new club, they had offers from Foolad and Naft Tehran in mid-season, they tagged a Rls.3 billion (about US$80,000) fee which declined by both Pro League sides. They finished season with 11 goals and named as Best goal scorer of 2014–15 Azadegan League.
Naft Tehran
On 28 June 2015, they joined Naft Tehran with a three-years contract as a free agent.
Return to Paykan
In June 2018, they rejoined Paykan, where they played for one season.
Sanat Naft Abadan
Alekasir scored 12 goals in the 2019–20 season with Sanat Naft Abadan.
Persepolis
On 1 September 2020, Alekasir signed a two-year contract with Persian Gulf Pro League champions Persepolis. On 24 September, they scored their first goal for Persepolis in a 4–0 win over Sharjah in the 2020 AFC Champions League group stage. On 27 September, they scored the winning goal in a 1–0 win over Al Sadd in the Champions League round of 16. On 30 September, they scored two goals in a 2–0 win against Pakhtakor in the Champions League quarter-finals. Afterwards, the AFC suspended Alekasir for 6 months because their goal celebration in the game was ruled to be a "discriminatory gesture".
Club career statistics
Honours
Club
Esteghlal Ahvaz
League 2 (1): 2011–12
Naft Tehran
Hazfi Cup (1): 2016–17
Persepolis
Persian Gulf Pro League (1): 2020–21
Iranian Super Cup (1): 2020 ; Runner-up (1): 2021
AFC Champions League runner-up (1): 2020
Individual
Azadegan League Top scorer: 2014–15 (11 goals)
Hazfi Cup Top scorer: 2015–16 (4 goals)
References
External links
Issa Alekasir at PersianLeague
1990 births
Living people
Iranian footballers
Association football forwards
Persian Gulf Pro League players
Esteghlal Ahvaz players
Naft Tehran F.C. players
Sanat Naft Abadan F.C. players
Persepolis F.C. players
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
Arno Esch (6 February 1928 – 24 July 1951) was a German liberal politician of the late 1940s in the Soviet Occupation Zone. They were executed at the Lubyanka prison in Moscow in 1951 at the age of 23.
Biography
Esch was born and brought up in Memel (Klaipėda). In late 1944 they were evacuated to Mecklenburg, where they were drafted into military service as a Navy–Flakhelfer. In 1946 Esch started to study law at the University of Rostock and became a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany (LDPD). They opposed against the claimed leading role of the communist Youth organisation Freie Deutsche Jugend and was elected into the LDPD committee in 1948 and the LDPD executive committee in 1949. They were a co-author of the Eisenacher program of the LDPD.
Esch wrote several editorials for the Norddeutsche Zeitung, the newspaper of the Liberal-Democrats in Mecklenburg, in which they applied for the Separation of powers, individual civil and political rights and the abolition of the death penalty. Esch caused a controversy with their dictum: "A Chinese liberal is more affiliated to me than a German communist".
Esch was imprisoned by the Soviet NKVD on 18 October 1949, together with 12 other young Liberals and sentenced to death by a Soviet Military tribunal for "counterrevolutionary activities" in July 1950, they were transferred to Moscow, where the sentence was approved and executed at the Lubyanka prison on 24 July 1951.
The judgement was voided in 1990 by the Soviet High Court.
Remembrance
The FDP-attached Arno-Esch-Foundation and the Arno-Esch-Award of the German Liberal Association of Academics are named after him. Streets in Rostock, Schwerin and Schönberg (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) as well as a memorial plaque at the University of Rostock remind of Esch.
References
Horst Köpke, Friedrich-Franz Wiese: Mein Vaterland ist die Freiheit: Das Schicksal des Studenten Arno Esch. Rostock, Hinstorff, 1990,
Hartwig Bernitt, Friedrich-Franz Wiese: Arno Esch: Eine Dokumentation. Verband Ehemaliger Rostocker Studenten (VERS), Danneberg/Elbe 1994
Thomas Ammer: Universität zwischen Demokratie und Diktatur: Ein Beitrag zur Nachkriegsgeschichte der Universität Rostock. Verlag Wissenschaft und Politik, Köln 1969
Hermann Marx: Liberale Studenten im Widerstand. Liberaler Studentenbund Deutschlands, Bonn o.J.
Waldemar Krönig, Klaus-Dieter Müller: Anpassung, Widerstand, Verfolgung: Hochschule und Studenten in der SBZ und DDR 1945–1961. Verlag Wissenschaft und Politik, Köln 1994,
External links
editorials and pictures of Esch at the Norddeutsche Zeitung
1928 births
1951 deaths
People from Klaipėda
People from East Prussia
Liberal Democratic Party of Germany politicians
German people executed by the Soviet Union
Soviet rehabilitations
Executed East German people
University of Rostock alumni
Kriegsmarine personnel of World War II
Child soldiers in World War II
Allen County (county code AL) is a county located in the southeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas. It is 504 square miles, or 322,560 acres in size. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,526. Its county seat and most populous city is Iola.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized. Allen County is one of the 33 counties established by the first territorial legislature in August 1855, six years before Kansas statehood in 1861. It was named in honor of William Allen, a United States senator from Ohio. At the time of its creation, Charles Passmore was appointed probate judge; B.W. Cowden and Barnett Owen were appointed county commissioners, and William Godfrey was appointed sheriff. The appointments were temporary until the general election in 1857. The four men were authorized to appoint the county clerk and treasurer thus completing the county organization.
Richard J. Fuqua and their family are considered the first white settlers in the county, arriving in the valley of the Neosho River January 1855. Fuqua established a post for trading with the neighboring Indian tribes which became quite popular with the Sac and Fox Indians. B.W. Cowden and H.D. Parsons arrived in March of the same year and selected claims in the valley of the Neosho River, near the mouth of Elm Creek. The next settlement was made near the mouth of Deer Creek (so named for the abundance of deer in the area) by Major James Parsons, and their two sons, Jesse and James, and a Mr. Duncan. The population grew rapidly through the spring and summer of 1855, most of it located on or near the Neosho River.
Many of the early settlers were pro-slavery, but few slaves were actually brought into the county. The anti-slavery population expressed such antipathy toward their pro-slavery neighbors that slaves within the county there were either freed or taken elsewhere in Kansas by their masters. Immigration continued during the summer and fall of 1856, though in reduced numbers.
The first town and county seat was Cofachique. In the spring of 1855 pro-slavery settlers from Fort Scott laid out the town in a hilly area east of the Neosho River and south of the mouth of Elm Creek. The territorial legislature passed an act in July 1855 incorporating the Cofachique Town Association. It was the only town in Allen County for nearly two years and as such was quite successful; but in 1857 other towns were constructed and Cofachique began to decline almost immediately. One of the reasons for decline was accessibility, the other was a lack of good well water. Another possible contribution to the town's decline involved tensions between the pro and anti-slavery settlers. With the development of neighboring towns Humboldt and Iola the town of Cofachique all but disappeared by 1859. The county seat went briefly to Humboldt in 1857 where it remained until 1865, but with the election of that year Iola took the county seat and has retained this designation to the present.
After a series of disputes between residents in the county over where a county jail should be located, Allen County's first jail was constructed in Iola in 1869 at a cost of $8,400. It operated until a replacement jail house was opened in 1959. Since that time the original jail has been run as a museum.
The last year of the territorial period (1860) was one of the most difficult years since the initial settlement of the county. Periods of drought beginning as early as 1854 had plagued all of Kansas and though 1859 had seen a reprieve, by the end of 1859 and into 1860 the drought worsened. The St. Laurence newspaper reported: "No rain, no snow, and much open, thawing, mild weather, alternated with sharp, though brief [cold] snaps. . . ." Most of the people who had moved to the county in the previous two years were still trying to establish their farms. With the prospect of starvation and hardship before them, many decided to return to the east.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water. Allen County is located in the southeastern part of the state, in the second tier of counties west of Missouri, and about fifty miles north of Oklahoma. In extent it is twenty-one miles from north to south and twenty-four miles from east to west.
Geographic features
The general surface of the country is slightly rolling, though much more level than the greater portion of eastern Kansas. The soil is fertile and highly productive. The bottom lands along the streams average one and one-half miles in width, and comprise one-tenth the area of the county. The remainder is the gently rolling or level upland prairie. The principal varieties of trees native to the county are black walnut, hickory, cottonwood, oak, hackberry and elm.
The main water course is the Neosho River, which flows through the western part of the county from north to south. Its tributaries are Indian, Martin's, Deer, Elm, and other small creeks. The Marmaton River rises east of the center of the county, and flows through the southeastern part of the county. The Little Osage River rises not far from the head of the Marmaton and flows northeast. Its tributaries are Middle Creek on the north and the South Fork on the south.
Adjacent counties
Anderson County (north)
Linn County (northeast)
Bourbon County (east)
Neosho County (south)
Wilson County (southwest)
Woodson County (west)
Coffey County (northwest)
Demographics
Census 2010
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 13,371 people living in the county. 93.3% were White, 1.9% Black or African American, 0.8% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 1.0% of some other race and 2.5% of two or more races. 2.9% were Hispanic or Latino (of any race). 31.7% were of German, 12.4% American, 11.1% Irish and 7.9% English ancestry.
Census 2000
As of the 2000 census, there were 14,385 people, 5,775 households, and 3,892 families residing in Allen County. The population density was 29 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 6,449 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.80% White, 1.63% Black or African American, 0.78% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.86% from other races, and 1.68% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.93% of the population. 28.8% were of German, 20.3% American, 9.8% English and 8.6% Irish ancestry.
There were 5,775 households, out of which 29.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.60% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.60% were non-families. 28.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.98.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 9.80% from 18 to 24, 24.10% from 25 to 44, 22.90% from 45 to 64, and 18.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 95.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,481, and the median income for a family was $39,117. Males had a median income of $27,305 versus $19,221 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,640. About 11.30% of families and 14.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.20% of those under age 18 and 12.70% of those age 65 or over.
Historical trends
During the years of the American Civil War the county continued to develop though at a slower rate. From 1860 to 1870 there was a steady increase in population from 3,082 to 7,022 residents. The next ten years brought a similar steady rise, from 7,022 to 11,303 residents. The county's largest growth period was between 1890 and 1910. At its peak in 1910, Allen County had 27,640 residents. Thereafter the county experienced a slow decline in population. By 2010, the population was slightly below the population in 1890 there being 13,371 residents. The population increase during the 1890/1910 period was likely due to the oil and gas discoveries and production near Iola.
Government
Presidential elections
Allen County is a Republican stronghold. The last Democrat to carry this county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, but Bill Clinton came within just 39 votes of carrying it in 1992.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2000, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Marmaton Valley USD 256
Iola USD 257
Humboldt USD 258
Colleges and universities
Allen County Community College
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 54 is an east–west route passing through (from east to west) the cities of Moran, La Harpe, Gas, and Iola (the county seat). Outside the county the route connects to Fort Scott in the east and Yates Center and eventually Wichita in the west. Passing through eastern portions of the county and the communities of Mildred and Moran, U.S. Route 59 is one of two north–south routes. It connects to Kincaid and eventually Ottawa and Lawrence in the north and Erie in the south. The other route is U.S. Route 169 which passes through western portions of the county and bypasses to the east of the cities of Iola, Bassett, and Humboldt. It connects to Chanute and eventually Coffeyville in the south. The segment between Iola and Chanute is a freeway with fully controlled access, although there is only one lane in each direction. US-169 provides a direct route for traveling between Kansas City and Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Airports
Allen County Airport (K88), public
Croisant Airport (7KS5), private
Ensminger Airport (74KS), private
National Airport, public
Womack Airport, public
Communities
Cities
Bassett
Elsmore
Gas
Humboldt
Iola
La Harpe
Moran
Savonburg
Unincorporated communities
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Bayard
Carlyle
Geneva
Leanna
Mildred†
Petrolia
Ghost towns
Cofachique
Octagon City
Townships
Allen County is divided into twelve townships. Because Humboldt, Iola, and La Harpe are cities of the second class, they are governmentally independent from the townships and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Atlas and plat book of Allen County, Kansas; Kenyon Company; 90 pages; 1921.
Plat book of Allen County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 33 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Allen County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Allen County - History, Kansas State Historical Society
Maps
Allen County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Moldova competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan.
Biathlon
Men
Women
1 A penalty loop of 150 metres had to be skied per missed target.
2 One minute added per missed target.
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 1998, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 1998 Winter Olympics
1998
Winter
Cassie Stokes (born 5 April 1987) is a television presenter with TV3.
Career
They initially joined TV3 as a Promotions Assistant. They appeared on-screen as the Twitter correspondent on Tonight with Vincent Browne, helping the experienced journalist figure out how to use the "Tweet machine" live on air. Mario Rosenstock referred to them in their television sketches on the programme ahead of the 2011 general election. They consider Browne their mentor and maintained contact with them for years afterwards.
They worked as a cyber reporter on the 3e programme FYI for three years until 2013. They left Ireland in 2013 and worked as a co-host on Entertainment Tonight Canada. TV3 asked them to audition as a presenter on Xposé as cover for Karen Koster and Aisling O'Loughlin, who were both going on maternity leave. In April 2016, they were announced as a new presenter of Xposé.
Personal life
 They are a Dubliner, from Dundrum. They were reared between Ireland and Canada and has lived in the UK. They split from their girlfriend shortly before beginning work on Xposé.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
LGBT broadcasters from Ireland
LGBT entertainers from Ireland
Television personalities from Dublin (city)
Virgin Media Television (Ireland) presenters
21st-century LGBT people
Fuzzy Sooper Heroes is a miniatures wargame published by Inner City Games Designs in 1993 that features combat between plush toys and plastic toys.
Gameplay
Fuzzy Sooper Heroes contains an extension of rules for a miniatures wargame originally found in Fuzzy Heroes, also written by Clark and published by Inner City Designs the previous year. That book set out rules for battles between plush toys — the Fuzzy Heroes — and hard plastic heroes — the Renegade Boy Toys — using components that could be found around the house: 6-sided dice, a ruler or tape measure, terrain made from pillows and clothes, and the plush and plastic toys themselves.
superpowers
In Fuzzy Sooper Heroes, the toys are given superpowers. For a toy to gain superpowers, the owner must first create a costume consisting of a mask, a cape, and an emblem of some sort. These can be constructed of whatever materials are at hand. These superpowers are identical for all toys:
Flight
Increased strength
Can directly attack buildings and vehicles
An extra power based on the toy's main color
A special ability chosen from a list by the player such as fire-breathing or size control. (For size control, the player must own several copies of the same toy in different sizes.)
Other than new rules for superpowers, combat uses the same basic rules and advanced optional rules that were set out in Fuzzy Heroes.
Other content
A chivalric code of conduct called W.A.S.H. (Words Attributable to Sooper Heroes) is detailed, to which all superheroes must adhere. superheroes cannot retreat from combat, must always attack their most powerful opponent first, cannot strike an opponent who is down, and must always look for a way to negotiate a peaceful resolution before combat begins. There are penalties for players who ignore these rules.
Rules are also provided for organizing tournaments, including inclusion of all prospective players, prizes, and the notion that the tournament is "neutral ground". Tournament rules include Jousting, Pugilism and other skill competitions.
A complete adventure, "The Assault on Castle Stuffmore", is also included.
Publication history
Inner City Games Designs originally published the prequel game, Fuzzy Heroes, in 1992. The following year, Inner City published Fuzzy Sooper Heroes, an 80-page perfect-bound softcover book designed by Christopher Clark, with illustrations by Jonathan Niccum.
Reception
In the April 1995 edition of Dragon (Issue #216), Spike Jones believed that the chivalric code "has turned the Fuzzy Heroes game into a role-playing game. Thus, all of the use that could have been made of the original game to introduce children to the miniatures war gaming hobby, can now be turned towards introducing them to RPGs." Jones criticized the book for having even more dead-weight "filler" than the original Fuzzy Heroes book, but admitted "the remaining text was useful, and it added an entirely new dimension to the game." Jones concluded by giving the book an average rating of 3 out of 6, saying, "While not perfect, this is definitely a book to buy if you liked the Fuzzy Heroes game."
Other reviews
White Wolf #47 (Sept., 1994)
References
Board games introduced in 1993
Distributed denial-of-service attacks on root nameservers are Internet events in which distributed denial-of-service attacks target one or more of the thirteen Domain Name System root nameserver clusters. The root nameservers are critical infrastructure components of the Internet, mapping domain names to IP addresses and other resource record (RR) data.
Attacks against the root nameservers could, in theory, impact operation of the entire global Domain Name System, and thus all Internet services that use the global DNS, rather than just specific websites. However, in practice, the root nameserver infrastructure is highly resilient and distributed, using both the inherent features of DNS (result caching, retries, and multiple servers for the same zone with fallback if one or more fail), and, in recent years, a combination of anycast and load balancer techniques used to implement most of the thirteen nominal individual root servers as globally distributed clusters of servers in multiple data centers.
In particular, the caching and redundancy features of DNS mean that it would require a sustained outage of all the major root servers for many days before any serious problems were created for most Internet users, and even then there are still numerous ways in which ISPs could set their systems up during that period to mitigate even a total loss of all root servers for an extended period of time: for example by installing their own copies of the global DNS root zone data on nameservers within their network, and redirecting traffic to the root server IP addresses to those servers. Nevertheless, DDoS attacks on the root zone are taken seriously as a risk by the operators of the root nameservers, and they continue to upgrade the capacity and DDoS mitigation capabilities of their infrastructure to resist any future attacks.
An effective attack against DNS might involve targeting top-level domain servers (such as those servicing the .com domain) instead of root name servers. Alternatively, a man-in-the-middle attack or DNS poisoning attack could be used, though they would be more difficult to carry out.
Attacks
October 21, 2002
On October 21, 2002 an attack lasting for approximately one hour was targeted at all 13 DNS root name servers. The attackers sent many ICMP ping packets using a botnet to each of the servers. However, because the servers were protected by packet filters which were configured to block all incoming ICMP ping packets, they did not sustain much damage and there was little to no impact on Internet users.
February 6, 2007
On February 6, 2007 an attack began at 10:00 UTC and lasted twenty-four hours. At least two of the root servers (G-ROOT and L-ROOT) reportedly "suffered badly" while two others (F-ROOT and M-ROOT) "experienced heavy traffic". The latter two servers largely mitigated the damage by distributing requests to other root server instances with anycast addressing. ICANN published a formal analysis shortly after the event.
Due to a lack of detail, speculation about the incident proliferated in the press until details were released.
November 30, 2015
During two intervals on November 30, 2015 and December 1, 2015, several of the root name servers received up to 5 million queries per second each, receiving valid queries for a single undisclosed domain name and then a different domain the next day. Source addresses were spread throughout IPv4 space, however these may have been spoofed. Some root server networks became saturated, resulting in timeouts, however redundancy among the root servers prevented downstream issues from occurring during this incident.
Threats
Operation Global Blackout 2012
On February 12, 2012, a statement was posted on Pastebin cited to be from Anonymous, threatening an attack on the root servers on March 31, 2012.
"To protest SOPA, Wallstreet, our irresponsible leaders and the beloved bankers who are starving the world for their own selfish needs out of sheer sadistic fun, On March 31, anonymous will shut the Internet down," reads the statement. "Remember, this is a protest, we are not trying to ‘kill' the Internet, we are only temporarily shutting it down where it hurts the most…It may only last one hour, maybe more, maybe even a few days. No matter what, it will be global. It will be known."
References
External links
Significant Internet events
Internet Traffic Report's synopsis
InformationWeek article on February 2007 attack
DNS Backbone DDoS
DNS Backbone DDoS
Domain Name System
Denial-of-service attacks
Firsat Sofi Ali (, 21 May 1978 – 18 November 2020) was an Iraqi Kurdish politician of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP).
Biography
They were born in Gazna village in Choman District. Firsat was the Governor of Erbil until they died due to COVID-19 on 18 November 2020.
Sofi held a PhD in International Law from Salahaddin University and taught law at Erbil's Polytechnic University. They were also a legal advisor at the Kurdistan Region Presidency's office.
Sofi contracted Coronavirus on October 19 and was flown to Turkey for medical treatment in Istanbul's Memorial hospital on November 2. Following their death, President Nechirvan Barzani offered condolences to Sofi's family, describing them as "an active parliamentarian and competent legal expert who had a significant role in the Kurdistan Parliament." Barzani added that "His professionalism, integrity, patriotism, and devotion has made Dr. Firsat much loved by the public."
After their death, Omed Khoshnaw become new governor of Erbil.
References
1978 births
2020 deaths
Iraqi Kurdistani politicians
Kurdistan Democratic Party politicians
Members of the Kurdistan Region Parliament
People from Erbil Governorate
Governors of Erbil Governorate
Salahaddin University-Erbil alumni
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1566.
Events
September 2 – The stage collapses during a performance of Richard Edwardes' play Palamon and Arcite at Oxford, in the presence of Queen Elizabeth I of England. Three deaths are caused. The show goes on and "the Queen laughed heartily thereat."
Ordonnance of Moulins in France prohibits writing, printing or selling of defamatory books and requires all books published to carry a seal of state approval.
New books
Prose
Historia Caroli Magni (12th century forged chronicle – first printing, at Frankfurt)
Magdeburg Centuries, volume IX
François de Belleforest (translated from Matteo Bandello) – Histoires tragiques begins publication)
Diego de Landa – Relación de las cosas de Yucatán
William Painter – Palace of Pleasure
The Flower Triod (Триод Цветни)
Drama
George Gascoigne – Supposes (translation into English prose from Ludovico Ariosto's I suppositi, for performance by gentlemen of Gray's Inn in London)
(with Francis Kinwelmersh) – Jocasta (translation from Lodovico Dolce's Giocasta, a version of Euripides' The Phoenician Women, for performance by gentlemen of Gray's Inn)
Gismund of Salerne (written and produced for Queen Elizabeth I of England by the gentlemen of Inner Temple in London)
Poetry
See 1566 in poetry
Births
September 1 – Edward Alleyn, English actor (died 1626)
Unknown date – John Hoskins, English poet (died 1638)
Deaths
January 6 – Jan Utenhove, Flemish translator (born 1516)
March – António de Gouveia, Portuguese legal writer and humanist (born c. 1505)
April 25 – Louise Labé, French poet (born c. 1524)
July 13 – Thomas Hoby, English translator (born 1530)
October 10 – Hentenius, Flemish biblical commentator (born 1499)
October 31 – Richard Edwardes, English poet and dramatist (born 1525)
unknown date – Alexius Pedemontanus, Italian physician and alchemist, author of a "book of secrets" (born c. 1500)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Pieter Nijs or Nys (April 15, 1624 – June 16, 1681), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Nijs was born in Amsterdam.
According to the RKD they were a pupil of Hendrik Martensz Sorgh. Besides in Amsterdam, they worked in Rotterdam, Leuven and Antwerp and various towns in Germany.  They are known for genre works, farm scenes, and portraits.
Nijs died in Amsterdam.
References
Pieter Nijs on Artnet
1624 births
1681 deaths
Painters from Amsterdam
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
There Is No Other Way may refer to:
"There Is No Other Way" (Desperate Housewives), a television episode
"There's No Other Way", a song by Blur
"There Is No Other Way", a song written by Stephen Sondheim, from the musical Pacific Overtures
"There Is No Other Way", a song by Dolo Coker from Third Down
See also
There is no alternative, a slogan used by Margaret Thatcher
Kau Wa Keng (), or Kau Wah Keng or Kau Wa Kang, is a village and valley in Lai King, Hong Kong. It is located near the reclaimed Lai Chi Kok Bay in New Kowloon. Three rivers in the valley once joined at the bay and formed a beach at the estuary. Kau Wah Keng is the former site of Lai Chi Kok Amusement Park, which was closed in 1997.
Although the valley is closer to suburbs of Cheung Sha Wan, namely the community of Lai Chi Kok and Mei Foo, it traditionally and administratively belongs to Kwai Chung.
Administration
Kau Wa Keng is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy. It is one of the villages represented within the Tsuen Wan Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Kau Wa Keng is part of the Lai Wah constituency, which was formerly represented by Steve Cheung Kwan-kiu until their resignation in July 2021.
Villages
The village of Kau Wa Keng is built on the eastern side of valley with cultivation besides the rivers. An ancestral hall and the Yeung Ching School () are located in the village. It was formerly known as Kau Pa Keng (), which means dog climbing path. It was later renamed to the current Kau Wa Keng, (literally, "Ninth beautiful path"). A new village Kau Wa Keng San Tsuen () is located on the western side of the valley and was built following an influx of immigrants from mainland China after World War II, and during and after Chinese Civil War.
Before the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong in 1941, the village was one of hiding place for many Chinese writers who had fled the mainland.
Transportation
Lai King Hill Road, a road following the former shore line of Kau Wa King, is the main road connecting the area to Kwai Chung and Lai Chi Kok.
Education
Kau Wa Keng is in Primary One Admission (POA) School Net 65, which includes multiple aided schools (schools operated independently of the government but funded with government money); none of the schools in the net are government schools.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Kau Wah Keng (Tsuen Wan) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Delineation of area of existing village Kau Wah Keng San Tsuen (also known as Kau Wah San Tsuen) (Tsuen Wan) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Kwai Chung
Lai King
Valleys of Hong Kong
Villages in Hong Kong
Jakob Nikolayevich Popov (1802 (1798?) - after 1852 (1859?)) was a Russian architect. Their most noted work is the Demidovsky Pillar.
1802 births
1859 deaths
19th-century architects from the Russian Empire
Sūdan () (1700–1753) was the main court poet of Maharaja Suraj Mal, the Bharatpur ruler in Rajasthan. They were Mathur by caste, resident of Mathura and the most favourite poet of the Bharatpur Maharaja Suraj Mal. They had accompanied the Maharaja during all important wars and has written historical account in the book named Sujān Charitra.
See also
Braj Bhasha
Bharatpur
References
Indian male poets
Hindi-language poets
Poets from Rajasthan
History of Bharatpur, Rajasthan
18th-century Indian poets
18th-century male writers
Sadat () is a name given to descendants of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad.
Sadat may also refer to:
Places
Sadat City, a city in the Monufia Governorate, Egypt
Sadat, Uttar Pradesh, a town and nagar panchayat in Ghazipur district, India
Sadat Colony, a block in Gulberg town, Karachi, Pakistan
Pak Sadat Colony, a neighbourhood in Korangi District, Karachi, Pakistan
Sadat, Iran (disambiguation)
Other uses
Sadat, plural of Sayyid, a title of descendants of Muhammad
Sadat (miniseries), a 1983 American biographical film about Anwar Sadat
Sadat Academy for Management Sciences, a public academy in Maadi, Egypt
Sadat Initiative, a 1977 visit to Israel by Anwar Sadat
SADAT International Defense Consultancy Inc., a Turkish security contractor
Sadat Museum, a cultural museum in Alexandria, Egypt, dedicated to Anwar Sadat
See also
Saadat (disambiguation)
Phtheochroa thiana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Russia, in the Tian Shan mountains and in Asia Minor.
References
Moths described in 1900
Phtheochroa
2009 Roasso Kumamoto season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Roasso Kumamoto
Roasso Kumamoto seasons
Razgah () may refer to:
Razgah, Ardabil (رزگاه - Razgāh)
Razgah, East Azerbaijan (رزگاه - Razgāh)
Razgah, West Azerbaijan (رازگاه - Rāzgāh)
See also
Rezgah (disambiguation)
Marfa Public Radio is a network of public radio stations serving the Big Bend region of Far West Texas. Headquartered in Marfa, Texas, it is a member of National Public Radio.
Marfa Public Radio broadcasts on four frequencies in the Big Bend–flagship KRTS 93.5 FM in Marfa and full-time satellites KRTP 91.7 FM in Alpine, KDKY 91.5 FM in Marathon, and KOJP 95.3 FM in Presidio. Marfa Public Radio also operates KXWT, the NPR member for Odessa, Midland and the Permian Basin. The station features news and talk programming from NPR, plus local affairs and original music programs from the Big Bend.
History
In 2010/2011, approximately half of the station's budget came from the CPB. The station came into its own in 2011, when the Rock House fire broke out during its spring pledge drive. For the next three weeks, the station was a vital source of information about weather conditions, road conditions and evacuations. That coverage played a role in the pledge drive being the most successful in the station's history up to that point. It has since received significant support from across Texas, enabling it to hire a full-time news staff for the first time.
Gallery
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
NPR member stations
RTS
Community radio stations in the United States
Marfa, Texas
Tim Gilbert may refer to:
Tim Gilbert (footballer), English footballer
Tim Gilbert (journalist), Australian journalist and radio and TV personality
See also
Timothy Gilbert, American piano manufacturer, abolitionist and religious organizer
Ahmed Ould Sid'Ahmed (born August 11, 1949) is a Mauritanian diplomat and politician who has twice served as foreign minister, from 1998 to 2001 and from 2005 to 2007.
Biography
Ould Sid'Ahmed was born in Tidjikja. They served in the Mauritanian foreign ministry as assistant director of cooperation from August 1973 to March 1975, was an advisor to Mauritania's permanent mission to the United Nations from March 1975 to October 1982, and was the foreign ministry's director of international organizations from October 1982 to February 1988. They were then Ambassador to Egypt from February 1988 to June 1990 and Secretary of State in charge of the Arab Maghreb from June 1990 to April 1992. A succession of diplomatic posts followed: Ambassador to Senegal from June 1992 to August 1993, Ambassador in Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg, and representative to the European Union from August 1993 to April 1996, Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1996 to 1997, Ambassador to the United States from May 1997 to November 1998.
In November 1998, Sid'Ahmed became Minister of Foreign Affairs. During their time as Foreign Minister, they led Mauritania's normalization of relations with Israel in 1999. They served as Foreign Minister until Dah Ould Abdi was appointed to replace them on January 28, 2001. They subsequently served as Ambassador to Syria from November 2003 to August 2005. Following a military coup (August 2005), they were again appointed foreign minister on 10 August 2005 as part of the new government, and served in that position until a new government was named on 28 April 2007, following elections and the restoration of civilian rule.
References
External links
Magharebia.com
1949 births
Mauritanian diplomats
Living people
Ambassadors of Mauritania to Syria
Ambassadors of Mauritania to the United States
Ambassadors of Mauritania to Egypt
Ambassadors of Mauritania to Senegal
Ambassadors of Mauritania to Belgium
Ambassadors of Mauritania to Luxembourg
Ambassadors of Mauritania to the Netherlands
Ambassadors of Mauritania to the European Union
Permanent Representatives of Mauritania to the United Nations
Foreign ministers of Mauritania
People from Tagant Region
Uljma (; ) is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Vršac municipality, in the South Banat District, Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority (83.01%) with a present Romanian minority (11.11%) and its population numbering 3,089 people (2011 census).
History
Bronze Age graves of steppe nomads was found in the village.
Geography
Uljma is situated between villages Vlajkovac, Izbište and Nikolinci.
Historical population
1961: 4,237
1971: 4,391
1981: 4,115
1991: 3,961
2002: 3,598
2011: 3,089
References
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.
See also
List of places in Serbia
List of cities, towns and villages in Vojvodina
Populated places in Serbian Banat
Populated places in South Banat District
Vršac
USA-166, also known as GPS IIR-8 and GPS SVN-56, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the eighth Block IIR GPS satellite to be launched, out of thirteen in the original configuration, and twenty one overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-166 was launched at 18:06:00 UTC on 29 January 2003, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D295, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The XSS-10 satellite was carried as a secondary payload on the same rocket, but was deployed from the second stage of the three-stage rocket. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-166 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 1 February 2003, USA-166 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 720.7 minutes, and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 16 signal, and operates in slot 1 of plane B of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. As of 2012 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2003
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The Rolls-Royce Hawk was a British aero engine designed by Rolls-Royce in 1915. Derived from one bank of six cylinders of the Rolls-Royce Eagle, it produced 75 horsepower at 1,370 rpm. Power was progressively increased to 91 hp by February 1916, and 105 hp by October 1918.
After Rolls-Royce made the prototypes, the Hawk was manufactured under licence by Brazil Straker in Bristol between 1915 and 1918. During this period 204 engines were built, and the Hawk earned a reputation for high reliability.
Many engines of this type were used to power the SSZ class coastal patrol airships of which 76 were built.
Applications
Avro 504F
Farman MF.7
Royal Aircraft Factory B.E.2
SS class blimp (1 example)
SSP class blimp
SSZ class blimp
SST class blimp
Post war one engine (serial number 332) was fitted into a specially built hull and launched on Windermere in 1922 with the name Canfly. With a flywheel added it was directly connected to the boat's propeller without a gearbox. Capable of reaching speeds of Canfly was used as the official's boat at several world speed record attempts during the 1920s and 1930s. The boat and engine are now displayed in a working but non-operational state at the Windermere Jetty museum.
Specifications (Hawk I)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Flight 7 May 1954
British Airships
Lumsden, Alec. British Piston Engines and their Aircraft. Marlborough, Wiltshire: Airlife Publishing, 2003. .
Pugh, Peter. The Magic of a Name – The Rolls-Royce Story: The First 40 Years. Duxford, Cambridge: Icon Books, 2001. .
Taulbut, Derek S. Eagle – Henry Royce's First Aero Engine, Rolls-Royce Heritage Trust, 2011. .
External links
RR-Hawk at Shuttleworth Collection in the UK
RR-Hawk at USAF museum
Hawk
1910s aircraft piston engines
Airship engines
Mark Christopher (born July 8, 1963, in Fort Dodge, Iowa) is a screenwriter, and director most known for directing 54 (1998), starring Ryan Phillippe, Mike Meyers, Salma Hayek, and Neve Campbell.
Within the film community, they are better known for the success of the director's cut of the film that premiered at the 2015 Berlin International Film Festival. With over 30 minutes of re-shoots cut out of the 1998 version, and over 40 minutes re-instated, the film was universally lauded by critics and hailed as a "jubilant resurrection" and "a lost gay classic." The story of the films destruction and resurrection was featured on New York magazine's Vulture.com website. and The Guardian and Elvis Mitchell's interview with Mark Christopher on KCRW's The Treatment.
Christopher also directed three short films, all of them theatrically distributed: The Dead Boys Club (1992), an influential short of the New Queer Cinema wave as cited by B. Ruby Rich in their Sight & Sound article that defined the genre; Alkali, Iowa (1995), winner of the Teddy at the Berlin International Film Festival (1996); and Heartland, Strand Releasing (2007).  They are also known for their television writing and creation of musical programming, including Real Life: The Musical that premiered on OWN in 2012.
Filmography
Mid-Century Moderns live stage juke box musical (2022, Desert Rose Playhouse, Palm Springs) (Writer/Director)
Berlin TV series (2022, Stampede Ventures and Leonine Studios, American/German co-production)(Writer/Creator)
Mark Christopher Shorts Retrospective collection of short films (2021, Here TV) (Writer/Director)
Sara feature (2018, Bionaut) (Writer)
Berlin pilot (2016, Warner Bros) (Writer)
Cleopatra VII series (2015) (Writer/Creator)
8.3 short (2014) (Executive Producer)
Real Life: The Musical series (2013, OWN/ITV)(Creator, Executive Producer)
Heartland pilot (2007, Strand Releasing) (Writer/Director)
Pizza feature (2005, IFC) (Writer/Director)
'54 feature (1998, Miramax) (Writer/Director)
Boys Life 6 featured short Heartland (2007, Strand Releasing/2021 Frameline)
Boys Life 2' featured short film Alkali Iowa (1997, Strand Releasing/2021 Frameline) (writer, director)
Boys' Shorts: The New Queer Cinema featured short film The Dead Boys' Club (1993, Frameline/2021 Frameline) (Writer/Director)
The Dead Boys' Club (1992, Frameline) (Writer/Director)
References
External links
American film directors
1963 births
American male screenwriters
Living people
LGBT film directors
Rhythms of the World (ROTW) is British music festival first organised in 1992. In 2010 the festival was on the weekend of 24 and 25 July. Acts performing included Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly, Glen Matlock, the Swanvesta Social Club and Hugh Cornwell.
Location
Rhythms of the World takes place each July in the market town of Hitchin, Hertfordshire. The ROTW festival was made up of nearly 190 acts on 11 stages, plus 12 fringe venues (pubs and bars offering live music in partnership with ROTW) in 2006. It now includes various workshops (music, art and otherwise), stalls and myriad other distractions.
It was announced on 2 October 2007 that Rhythms of the World would no longer be held in Hitchin town centre and that the organising committee are looking for a greenfield site on the outskirts of the town for future events.
On 11 February 2008 it was announced that the 2008 festival would take place in the grounds of Hitchin Priory.
Funding
Festival organizers estimate the costs at around £200,000 in 2011. This cost is covered by support from North Hertfordshire District Council, other grants, and admission fees. Additionally, the festival uses volunteers extensively to minimise event expenses.
History
Rhythms of The World was started in 1992 by the Hitchin Oxfam Campaigns Group as a way of raising money for Oxfam and to highlight their international issues through world music. The first four years were staged in Hitchin Town Hall and featured bands such as the Bhundu Boys and King Salsa. In 1996 the event moved outside to the Market Place, but had only one stage and due in part to terrible weather the organisers felt the benefit to Oxfam was not being reflected in the increasing effort required. In 1998 the Campaigns Group ceased the Rhythms of The World project.
In 1999 a new committee, including some of the original campaigners, restarted Rhythms. With two stages, a fringe pub, Horace X, and Baka Beyond, ROTW became more of a festival. This increase in potency started to interest larger numbers of local music professionals.
With the benefit of these professionals and supporting volunteers ROTW 2000 was on a different level to the previous years; a purpose built stage dominated the Market Place, along with four others, and world music bands such as the Dhol Foundation, Bollywood Brass Band and Kiki Dee featured.
From then on, ROTW has increased its success. 2001 and 2002 saw ROTW increasing the number of stages and venues (including more fringe venues), bringing an eclectic programme of world music from places such as Siberia, Africa, South America, Tibet, India and Hitchin itself. Bands such as Ayub Ogada, Motimba, Itang Bondi and Yat Kha helped create what has now become the typical Rhythms musical atmosphere.
2003 saw 140 acts on 8 stages and market stalls selling various souvenirs, crafts and clothes from all over the world. The local St. Mary's church became a venue, and Bancroft Gardens became a family chillout area. Banners adorned Hitchin, which were made by the children from the local primary schools. This was the beginning of art taking a stand in the ROTW festival.
2004 had two main stages (the Market Place and Portmill Lane), plus, the BBC, the Arts Council and Decibel partnered with ROTW to help showcase national and local world bands. Even more banners were launched on the town.
2005 was similar to other years. 160 acts performing on 10 stages, plus, more dance and more poetry.
2006 saw 193 acts performing on 11 stages, plus workshops, more dance and more poetry.
2007 saw 142 acts performing on 8 stages, a dance hall hosting dance classes, workshops, more art and poetry. Artists performing included Monobloco and This was the last festival to be held on the streets of the town centre
For 2008 the festival moved to the ground of Hitchin Priory. The festival had over 120 acts on 5 stages, a sound system, an arena and a family area with activities and workshops. 23,000 people attended over the two days. Artist performing included Billy Cobham & Asere, No 1 Station and Massukos. A new addition to ROTW was the BBC Introducing... stage hosted by BBC Three Counties Radio.
The 2009 festival saw performances from Jazz Jamaica, The Jive Aces, Hjtalin, Etran Finatawa, The Magnolia Sisters, John Otway, Blyth Spirit, Flamboyant Bella and Exit Avenue. In front of a weekend audience of 26,000.
The 2010 festival saw performances from Black Polaris, The Swanvesta Social Club, Stu O'Connor, This Empire, My First tooth, The October Game, Lecarla, Red Dollar, HeKz, Spandex Ballet, Trailer Trash Orchestra, David Gibb & the Pony Club, CC Smugglers, Spiked, Trouble with Tuesday, Frog Stupid, Lika Sharps, Bayou Seco, Out of the Trees, The Xcerts, Ballachulish Hellhounds, The Whybirds, The Amigos, My Passion and Rotating Leslie. 30,000 people attended.
In 2011, the 20th festival was held on 9 and 10 July.
In 2012, the 21st festival was held on 14 and 15 July. With the wet weather, attendance was very low, the fields were very damaged and the festival lost a lot of money on holding the event.
In 2013, there was no festival due to having no venue in time.
However, in 2014, Rhythms of The World returned on 2 and 3 August, featuring the Number one Asian band in UK performing, as well as one of the biggest Cuban bands coming to Hitchin.
External links
Rhythms of The World official site
BBC Introducing... Rhythms of the World 2010 (Saturday)
BBC Introducing... Rhythms of the World 2010 (Sunday)
Music festivals in Hertfordshire
Hitchin
In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, the cop number or copnumber of an undirected graph is the minimum number of cops that suffices to ensure a win (i.e., a capture of the robber) in a certain pursuit–evasion game on the graph.
Rules
In this game, one player controls the position of a given number of cops and the other player controls the position of a robber. The cops are trying to catch the robber by moving to the same position, while the robber is trying to remain uncaught. Thus, the players perform the following actions, taking turns with each other:
On the first turn of the game, the player controlling the cops places each cop on a vertex of the graph (allowing more than one cop to be placed on the same vertex).
Next, the player controlling the robber places the robber on a vertex of the graph.
On each subsequent turn, the player controlling the cops chooses a (possibly empty) subset of the cops, and moves each of these cops to adjacent vertices. The remaining cops (if any) stay put.
On the robber's turn, they may either move to an adjacent vertex or stay put.
The game ends with a win for the cops whenever the robber occupies the same vertex as a cop. If this never happens, the robber wins.
The cop number of a graph is the minimum number such that cops can win the game on .
Example
On a tree, the cop number is one. The cop can start anywhere, and at each step move to the unique neighbor that is closer to the robber. Each of the cop's steps reduces the size of the subtree that the robber is confined to, so the game eventually ends.
On a cycle graph of length more than three, the cop number is two. If there is only one cop, the robber can move to a position two steps away from the cop, and always maintain the same distance after each move of the robber. In this way, the robber can evade capture forever. However, if there are two cops, one can stay at one vertex and cause the robber and the other cop to play in the remaining path. If the other cop follows the tree strategy, the robber will eventually lose.
General results
Every graph whose girth is greater than four has cop number at least equal to its minimum degree. It follows that there exist graphs of arbitrarily high cop number.
Henri Meyniel (also known for Meyniel graphs) conjectured in 1985 that every connected -vertex graph has cop number . The Levi graphs (or incidence graphs) of finite projective planes have girth six and minimum degree , so if true this bound would be the best possible.
All graphs have sublinear cop number. One way to prove this is to use subgraphs that are guardable by a single cop: the cop can move to track the robber in such a way that, if the robber ever moves into the subgraph, the cop can immediately capture the robber. Two types of subgraph that are guardable are the closed neighborhood of a single vertex, and the shortest path between any two vertices. The Moore bound in the degree diameter problem implies that at least one of these two kinds of guardable sets has size . Using one cop to guard this set and recursing within the connected components of the remaining vertices of the graph shows that the cop number is at most .
A more strongly sublinear upper bound on the cop number,
is known. However the problems of obtaining a tight bound, and of proving or disproving Meyniel's conjecture, remain unsolved. It is even unknown whether the soft Meyniel conjecture, that there exists a constant for which the cop number is always , is true.
Computing the cop number of a given graph is EXPTIME-hard, and hard for parameterized complexity.
Special classes of graphs
The cop-win graphs are the graphs with cop number equal to one.
Every planar graph has cop number at most three.
More generally, every graph has cop number at most proportional to its genus. However, the best known lower bound for
the cop number in terms of the genus is approximately the square root of the genus, which is
far from the upper bound when the genus is large.
The treewidth of a graph can also be obtained as the result of a pursuit-evasion game, but one in which the robber can move along arbitrary-length paths instead of a single edge in each turn. This extra freedom means that the cop number is generally smaller than the treewidth. More specifically,
on graphs of treewidth , the cop number is at most .
References
Graph invariants
Pursuit–evasion
Dimitrios Gianniotis (; born 28 January 1999) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Super League 2 club Karaiskakis.
References
1999 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panetolikos F.C. players
A.E. Karaiskakis F.C. players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Agrinio
21st-century Greek people
The Lanao del Sur Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Lanao del Sur.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having five seats. A voter votes up to five names, with the top five candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Lanao del Sur.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Mohamad Adiong (Lakas)
References
Politics of Lanao del Sur
Provincial boards in the Philippines
John Sparrow (1615 – December 1670) was an English translator, best known for their translations of the work of Jakob Böhme. Sparrow attended Trinity College, Cambridge, and entered the Inner Temple in 1633.
There is an engraved portrait of John Sparrow in the British Museum and in the National Portrait Gallery, London, made in 1659 by David Loggan (1634-1692).
Sparrow's Translations of the Works of Jakob Böhme
Between 1645 and 1662 John Sparrow and their cousin John Ellistone translated all the works of the German mystic Jakob Böhme (1575-1624) into English. They were printed by Humphrey Blunden, bookseller in London active between 1635 and 1652, and a few others. The bookseller Giles Calvert was also involved in the publication of Böhme's works. For the translation Sparrow used manuscripts from Abraham Willemszoon van Beyerland, sent from Holland. The image of Böhme's cosmogony or the “Wonder-Eye of Eternity” of 1620 is found on the engraved portrait of John Sparrow, made by David Loggan in 1659. The concept of the “Wonder-Eye of Eternity” is explained in Sparrow's translation of the XL Questions concerning the Soule (1647).
The following text from 1716, a much later date, describes the first English translators of Böhme as learned and pious men who understood the "spirit of the author", (except perhaps for the more obscure passages):
The person that translated these writings was John Sparrow, barrister of the Inner Temple; Mr. Ellistone and Mr. Hotham also have translated one or the other treatise into English, though Sparrow is generally considered the real translator and editor: they were a man of true piety and seems to have penetrated very deeply into the spirit of the author. Their translation is considered faithful and correct in most points, except in some of the most obscure passages, which probably they did not apprehend. …. As regards the period, they were all translated towards the end of the reign of Charles I, and printed … during the Civil War except the last volume, which was not printed till the Restoration of Charles II in 1661 and 1662. Some have alleged that King Charles I read and highly esteemed the writings of Boehme (it had been said that they supplied the funds for their publication, and that therefore they are printed so royally).
Translations by Sparrow, Ellistone, Blunden and Hotham
The English translations appeared between 1645 and 1662, almost at the same time as the German editions, sometimes even preceding them. Most of the seventeenth-century German editions of the works of Böhme were published in Amsterdam between 1656 and 1678 by Hendrick Beets, who was German. In 1682 appeared the German Johann Georg Gichtel edition in two volumes, printed in Amsterdam. The English translations by John Sparrow, John Ellistone, Humphrey Blunden (printer and bookseller who was active between 1641 and 1667) and Charles Hotham followed the original German texts remarkably closely and they were later used for the William Law edition published between 1764-1781.
Published in 1645
1. Two theosophical Epistles; Dialogue between an Enlightened and a Distressed Soul [Anonymous]
2. The Tree of Christian Faith [Anonymous]
Published in 1647
3. XL Questions concerning the Soule [Sparrow]
4. The Clavis or Key … [Sparrow]
Published in 1648
5. Concerning the Three Principles of the Divine Essence [Sparrow]
6. The Threefold Life of Man [Sparrow]
7. The Way to Christ discovered [Blunden]
Published in 1649
8. The Fourth and Fifth Epistles [Sparrow]
9. The Epistles of Jacob Behmen [Ellistone]
10. Mercurius Teutonicus; or Christian Information concerning the last Times … gathered out of the mystical writings of Jacob Behmen [Anonymous]
Published in 1650
11. The High Deep Searching out of the Threefold Life of Man [Sparrow]
Published in 1651
12. Signatura Rerum [Ellistone]
Published in 1652
13. Of Christ's Testaments, viz.: Baptism and the Supper [Sparrow]
Published in 1653
14. A consideration upon the Book of Esaias Stiefel [Anonymous]
Published in 1654
15. Mysterium Magnum [Ellistone and Sparrow]
16. The Tree of Christian Faith [Anonymous]
17. Four Tables of Divine Revelation [Blunden]
18. A consolatory Treatise of the Four Complexions [Charles Hotham]
Published in 1655
19. Table of the Divine Manifestation [Anonymous]
20. Concerning the Election of Grace [Sparrow]
Published in 1656
21. Aurora [Sparrow]
Published in 1659
22. The Fifth Book of the Author, on Incarnation [Sparrow]
Published in 1661
23. Several Treatises [Sparrow]
24. Christian Information: prophetical passages out of Jacob Behmen's Works [Anonymous]
Published in 1662
25. The Remaining of Books [Sparrow]
Notes
References
Buddecke, Werner, Die Jakob Böhme-Ausgaben, Vol. 2, Göttingen, 1957.
Gibbons, Brian J., Gender in Mystical and Occult Thought: Behmenism and its Development in England, 1996.
"Giles Calvert's Publishing Career", in The Journal of the Friends' Historical Society, nr. 35, 1938.
Hutin, Serge, Les disciples anglais de Jacob Boehme, au XVIIe et XVIIIe siècles, Éditions Denoël, Paris, 1960.
Joling-van der Sar, Gerda J., The Spiritual Side of Samuel Richardson, Mysticism, Behmenism and Millenarianism in an Eighteenth-Century English Novelist, 2003.
Lamoen, Frank van, "Spreading the word. The Earliest Editions of Jacob Bohme", a translation of the preface to ''Abraham Willemsz van Beyerland, Jacob Bohme en het Nederlandse hermetisme in de 17e eeuw, Amsterdam, In de Pelikaan, 1986.
1615 births
1670 deaths
Fausto Malari or Fausto Molari or Fausto Mellari (died 1608) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Chiusi (1602–1608).
Biography
Malari was a native of Siena.
 They are attested as Vicar General of the Archbishop of Siena in 1592 and again in 1596.
On 22 April 1602, Fausto Malari was appointed Bishop of Chiusi by Pope Clement VIII.
On 5 May 1602, they were consecrated bishop by Camillo Borghese, Cardinal-Priest of San Crisogono, with Guglielmo Bastoni, Bishop of Pavia, and Horace Capponi, Bishop of Carpentras, serving as co-consecrators.
They served as Bishop of Chiusi until their death in 1608.
References
External links
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VIII
Date of birth unknown
1608 deaths
Bishops of Chiusi
The 1998 United States Senate election in Alaska was held November 3, 1998. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Frank Murkowski sought re-election to a fourth term in the United States Senate. Murkowski easily won re-election against Democratic nominee Joseph Sonneman, a perennial candidate, earning nearly 75% of the vote.
Open primary
Candidates
Democratic
Joseph Sonneman, perennial candidate
Frank Vondersaar, perennial candidate
Republican
Frank Murkowski, incumbent United States Senator since 1981
William L. Hale
Green
Mary Jordan
Libertarian
Scott A. Kohlhaas, perennial candidate
Results
General election
Results
See also
1998 United States Senate elections
References
United States Senate
Alaska
1998
Night raids in Afghanistan was a military tactic employed by the United States and Afghan special forces during the War in Afghanistan that lasted from 2001 to 2021. The coalition forces in Afghanistan maintain the Joint Prioritized Effects List (JPEL) of targets their special forces try to capture or kill. Using night vision equipment, US and Afghan special forces would raid the suspected households of targets on the Joint Prioritized Effects List. The operations were controversial, due to issues like civilian casualties.
Controversy
American generals have argued that these raids were a "critical" part of achieving success in the war. Afghan president Hamid Karzai has argued that they impinge upon Afghanistan's sovereignty and has called for them to be halted.
Human rights workers were concerned that the raids killed a large number of civilians bystanders, who weren't on the list. In addition they were concerned that individuals ended up on the list due to weak circumstantial evidence, or false denunciations triggered by greed, or long-standing tribal rivalries.
Afghan journalist Anand Gopal described a night raid intended to capture an official of the Afghan Ministry of Agriculture who had been denounced.
They aren't home, but during the course of the raid two of their cousins who also lived in their family compound were killed, and a third cousin was seized and disappeared into US custody.
Hamid Karzai's cousin Haji Yar Mohammad was killed during a night raid on their house in March 2011.
Officials on the Afghanistan High Peace Council reacted with anger when former Guantanamo captive Sabar Lal Melma who they thought had already been cleared of suspicion, was killed during a night raid.
Saber Melma had been subjected to repeated raids and seizures.
Officials on the Commission thought they had been assured by senior US officials that US Special Forces were going to stop harassing Melma. Yet they were shot during a further raid in September 2011.
In April 2012, the United States and Afghan governments signed an agreement which specifies that all future night raids will be approved by the Afghan government and led by Afghan units. It is expected that the raids will continue, and be dominated by US forces due to a shortage of Afghan special forces units; prior to the agreement Afghan forces were involved in 97 percent of all night raids, but only led approximately 40 percent of these operations.
In April 2012, Abdul Salam Zaeff, another former Guantanamo captive, who had served as the Taliban Ambassador to Pakistan, fled Afghanistan because they feared US raids.
On April 9, 2012, Al Jazeera reported that Zaeef
left Afghanistan for the United Arab Emirates. Al Jazeera wrote "Zaeef feared for their life in the wake of the attempted raids on their home. Many of the Taliban prisoners freed from Guantanamo had been killed in night raids and that made Zaeef more nervous."
The Drug Enforcement Administration has acknowledged its role in submitting names of individual who would then be subject to night raids.
The DEA is the lead agency in the Afghan Threat Finance Cell—an organization that tracked suspicious financial transactions.
Afghan president Karzai largely banned night raids from 2013. Their successor Ashraf Ghani lifted this ban from November 2014. The operations were later conducted by Afghan forces with occasional assistance from American advisers.
Night Raids officially ended after the United States and its Allies left Afghanistan during the 2021 withdrawal.
References
War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
Derazan (, also Romanized as Derāzān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,211, in 338 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Ellinor Aiki (11 January 1893 – 25 October 1969) was an Estonian painter who is possibly best recalled for their works in later life of vibrant and colorful, heavily textured portraits, landscapes and compositions interspersed with whimsical motifs.
Early life
Born Ellinor Blumenfeldt into an ethnically Estonian Lutheran family in Tõstamaa, they would later change their surname to Aiki in 1935. At age six they suffered a debilitating fall which resulted in them contracting a severe case of bone and joint tuberculosis that would render them bedridden for nearly six years and plague them throughout their life.
They graduated from secondary school in Pärnu in 1909, after which they worked as a children's hospital attendant and teacher and studied in St. Petersburg, Ukraine and Belarus until 1917 when they returned to Estonia.
Studies
Because of their chronic leg pain due to their bone and joint tuberculosis, their studies were often put on hold. In the winter of 1928 they passed entrance examinations to the Pallas Art School in Tartu at the age of 35, initially studying graphics. From 1930 to 1934, they studied monotyping at Ado Vabbe's graphics studio and from 1935 to 1936 they studied etching and lithography with Hando Mugasto. They graduated from the Higher Art School Pallas in 1936 at age 43 after studying painting at the Nikolai Triik painting studio. Among their graduating classmates were artists Johannes Võerahansu, Richard Sagrits and Karl Pärsimägi.
Career
Following their graduation from the Higher Art School Pallas, Ellinor Aiki became a freelance artist in Tartu. In 1937 they worked at the Vanemuine Theatre. From 1940 to 1941, they were a member of the Estonian Artists' Cooperative (Eesti Kunstnike Kooperatiivis.) During the occupation of Estonia by Nazi Germany they worked at the Tartu Artists' Bureau. Upon the Soviet occupation of Estonia in 1944, they fled to Germany. However, they returned to Estonia in 1946. Following their return, they were removed from the Estonian Artists' Union by Soviet authorities until 1957, being censured for their use of formalism. During this period, they withdrew from public life and painted very little.
Up until their ban from producing art, their ouvre had consisted mainly of paintings of still lifes, portraits, cityscapes and landscapes in rather somber, muted hues.
It was not until after their ban by authorities had been lifted in 1957 that Aiki's work become more popular, as their ouvre had changed from somewhat bleak paintings in funereal tones to vivid, bold colored, heavily textured paintings that often incorporated images of fantasy and whimsy; Aiki's work from the early 1960s onward would often include bright oranges, greens and purples.
Although they had studied at and graduated from art school with formal training, they would include strong elements of naïve art (primitivism) and humorous influences in their works during this period, taking inspiration from fairy tales and poetry.
Death
In the spring of 1969, Estonian art historian Tui Koorti coordinated a personal exhibition of Ellinor Aiki's works at the Tartu Art Museum, with about a hundred of their works from 1928 to 1969 on display. Aiki died that October at the age of 76.
References
1893 births
1969 deaths
People from Tõstamaa
People from Kreis Pernau
Estonian women painters
20th-century Estonian painters
20th-century Estonian women artists
Modern painters
Escape to Paradise is a 1939 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton.
Escape to Paradise may also refer to:
Film
Escape to Paradise (1960 film), the original Filipino title of Lost Battalion
Music
Escape to Paradise, a classical album by Daniel Hope, 2014
"Escape to Paradise", a song by DJ Quicksilver, 1998
José Rodríguez Davié (14 May, 1867 – 13 September, 1899), also known as Pepete, was a Spanish bullfighter.
Rodríguez Davié was born in San Fernando, Cádiz, in 1867. After traveling to South America for a period, they took the alternativa in El Puerto de Santa María in August 1891, at the hands of . Their status as a bullfighter was confirmed in Madrid shortly thereafter, under the supervision of Rafael Guerra Bejarano, with whom they traded off mano a mano in a fight with bulls from the Bañuelos ranch.
While they were seen as promising by fans early in their career, their time as a bullfighter eventually came to a tragic end. On 12 September, 1899, at the Fitero bullring, the bull "Cantinero" of the jumped the barrier behind them and severely gored their thigh. Pepete died the following day.
References
1867 births
1899 deaths
People from San Fernando, Cádiz
Sportspeople from the Province of Cádiz
Spanish bullfighters
Bullfighters killed in the arena
Sport deaths in Spain
Ayatsuri (; Dargwa: ГӀяяцӀуримахьи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Urarinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 150 as of 2010.
Geography
Ayatsuri is located 41 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Butulta and Mukranari are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Alexandra Valeria Botez (born September 24, 1995) is an American-Canadian chess player and commentator, Twitch streamer, and YouTuber. As a player, they became a five-time Canadian National Girls Champion and won the U.S. Girls Nationals at age 15. They achieved their highest FIDE Elo rating of 2092 in March 2016, and they currently hold the International Chess Federation title of Woman FIDE Master.
Botez began streaming online chess content in 2016 while they were a student at Stanford University, stating that in their first stream a majority of viewers were not interested in chess, but in them Paired with their younger sister Andrea Botez, they now manage the BotezLive Twitch and YouTube channels, which have a combined total of more than 1,750,000 followers.
Botez has publicly detailed their encounters with sexism and misogyny in tournament chess and has advocated for greater gender diversity. As a prominent female chess figure, they were elected to the Board of Directors of the Susan Polgar Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit aiming to break down gender barriers in the game through scholarships and prizes.
Early life and background
Botez was born to Romanian immigrant parents. Although they were born in Dallas, Texas, they were raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Botez's father introduced them to chess and started training them when they were six. They eventually became a member of the Romanian Community Centre chess club, Golden Knights, coached by Chess Master Valer Eugen Demian.
Career
Chess
In 2004, Botez won their first Canadian children's national championship at age eight. They eventually played for the National Canadian Team in 2010 and won four more Canadian youth national titles. After moving back to the United States, Botez won the U.S. Girls Nationals at age fifteen and twice represented the state of Oregon in the SPF Girls' Invitational. In 2013, Botez achieved the Woman FIDE Master title norm.
After attending high school in Oregon, Botez earned a full-ride chess scholarship to the University of Texas Dallas. However, deciding to prioritize academics, they chose to study International Relations with a focus on China at Stanford University. During their sophomore year in 2014, Botez became the second female president of the Stanford University Chess Club after Cindy Tsai in 2005. They graduated in 2017.
In addition to their chess career, Botez served a brief stint as a chess commentator. They covered the 2018 and 2019 PRO Chess League Finals, the most popular team chess championship, along with IM Daniel Rensch, IM Anna Rudolf, and GM Robert Hess.
Botez has a FIDE Elo rating of 2020 in standard chess and 2059 in blitz, placing them in the top 10 of Canadian female players.
Streaming
In 2016, Botez started streaming chess content on Twitch during their junior year at Stanford University. Them channel quickly gained traction, and in 2020 they were joined by their younger sister Andrea Cecilia Cristina Botez (born April 6, 2002). Together, they host the BotezLive Twitch and YouTube channels, which have garnered more than 1,750,000 followers combined. The sisters frequently collaborate with other chess streamers on the platform, such as GM Hikaru Nakamura and WGM Qiyu Zhou.
Botez's streaming popularity has helped them become one of the most recognizable faces on the Chess.com platform. In response to their prominence as a female chess player, the mainstream media often compares Botez to the fictional Beth Harmon, protagonist of The Queen's Gambit.
Other professional work
In 2017, Botez co-founded CrowdAmp, a social media company. As of May 2019, that company has ceased operations.
In April 2020, Botez was elected to the board of directors of the Susan Polgar Foundation, a non-profit 501(c)3 organization that advocates for breaking gender barriers in chess. Within the past eighteen years, the Susan Polgar Foundation has assisted in offering more than $6 million in chess scholarships and prizes to students.
In December 2020, the Botez sisters signed with the Texas-based esports organization Envy Gaming. By partnering with the Botez sisters, Envy hopes to expand its ambassador network with diverse gaming content creators.
Botez made $456,900 on a poker live stream on May 1, 2022 presented by the Hustler Live Casino while dealing with constant berating by popular poker pro, Phil Hellmuth.
Playing style and notable games
Botez often plays chess with an aggressive, adaptive style of play. In the 2016 Chess Olympiad held in Norway, they showcased their attacking style against opponent Anzel Solomons. During this match, Botez, playing as White, offers to exchange their rook for Solomon's knight on move 20. Solomon agrees to this exchange. However, this proves to be a tactical error which turns the game in Botez's favor. Seizing the opportunity, Botez sacrifices their bishop on move 21, ultimately allowing them to check with their queen on move 22 and check with their knight on move 23. Solomons is forced to sacrifice their queen in order to be released from Botez's check on move 23. Having built a solid advantage, Botez advances their king side pawns until Solomons resigns the game.1. d4 d5 2. c4 c6 3. Nf3 Nf6 4. Nc3 e6 5. e3 Nbd7 6. Bd3 Bd6 7. O-O O-O 8. b3 e5 9. cxd5 cxd5 10. Nb5 Bb8 11. dxe5 Nxe5 12. h3 Ne4 13. Bb2 Qf6 14. Nxe5 Bxe5 15. Bxe5 Qxe5 16. Rc1 Bd7 17. f4 Qe7 18. Nc7 Nc5 19. Nxd5 Qd6 20. Rxc5 Qxc5 21. Bxh7+ Kxh7 22. Qh5+ Kg8 23. Nf6+ gxf6 24. Qxc5 Bc6 25. Qf5 Kg7 26. Qg4+ Kh7 27. Qf5+ Kg7 28. e4 Rad8 29. Rf3 Rd1+ 30. Kh2 Rfd8 31. Rg3+ Kf8 32. Qc5+ Ke8 33. Rg8+ Kd7 34. Rxd8+ Kxd8 35. h4 Kc7 36. h5 Rd8 37. Qe7+ Rd7 38. Qxf6 Kc8 39. Qf5
Botez's most played opening is the King's Indian Defense, in which Black allows White to advance their or their pawns to the center of the board in the first two moves.
The "Botez Gambit", a tongue-in-cheek term, occurs when a player accidentally loses their or their queen. It originated with viewers of Botez's streams, but Botez has themselves used it self-mockingly.
Views on sexism in chess
Botez says they have encountered sexism in their chess career. Regarding their stream, Botez has stated that until they brought in moderators, they were disturbed by the fact that “60% of it was just people trying to flirt with me and chat, or people just commenting on my appearance the entire time... They didn't care about the game play at all.” Competitive chess has always been dominated by men, with male Grandmasters outnumbering female Grandmasters 50-to-one. Botez says, "It has taken very long to get to the point where we're starting to change the stereotype [to show] that women are not genetically inferior to men at playing chess."
Though Netflix's The Queen's Gambit depicts a female protagonist's similar struggle as a chess player competing in the 1960s, Botez claimed the show understates the misogyny of that era. They said the show glossed over many realities, especially considering the decade it is set in: "If the show had been historically accurate, Beth wouldn't have been able to compete in any world championship events". Botez cited the case of female grandmaster Susan Polgar, who claimed that in 1986, they were prevented from competing in a zonal tournament, a qualifying event for the World Chess Championship, because of their gender. Nevertheless, Botez was complimentary of protagonist Beth Harmon as a nuanced and inspirational figure for upcoming women in chess.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Chess Woman FIDE Masters
American female chess players
Canadian female chess players
Sportspeople from Dallas
American people of Romanian descent
Canadian people of Romanian descent
Twitch (service) streamers
YouTubers from Texas
American female YouTubers
Stanford University alumni
Canadian YouTubers
21st-century American women
People from Dallas
Canadian female YouTubers
Elyse Pignolet is a visual artist living and working in Los Angeles, California.
Early life and education
Born in Oakland, CA, Elyse Pignolet is an American with Filipino heritage. They studied fine arts at California State University, San Francisco. They continued their studies at California State University, Long Beach, on a CSU exchange program. In 2001 they lived in Madrid and Barcelona, Spain, studying arts and Spanish. They completed their BFA degree at CSU Long Beach in 2007. Them studies included an intensive ceramics exchange through mainland China in 2007, and participation in the International Ceramics Biennal in Korea, also in 2007.
Pignolet has conducted extensive research in Portugal, with an emphasis on "azulejo" tile painting techniques, as well as in Mexico City.
Pignolet currently is based in Los Angeles, with a studio in San Pedro, CA.
Career
Elyse Pignolet works primarily in ceramics. The main themes they have pursued include social issues, topics from contemporary news articles, and urban themes. They have created several bodies of work that place the extensive history of ceramics in contrast with the temporary nature of graffiti. Other ceramics projects have juxtaposed the brash nature of political news headlines with the subtle shapes of traditional ceramic forms.
In 2016, Pignolet was commissioned by the Orange County Museum of Art (OCMA) to create a site-specific ceramic tile wall mural for the exhibition "American Qur'an". It is 16 feet high and 14 feet across, and features elaborate decorative designs and verses. In 2017, the artwork was acquired by the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art in Eugene, Oregon.
In 2016, Pignolet won a commission from the Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Dept. to design, fabricate, and install a large public mural at the Gaffey Street "Hey Rookie" Public Swimming Pool in San Pedro. The mural is some 10' high and more than 30' long, and features hand-made and hand-painted ceramic tiles which depict imagery from the history of San Pedro and the harbor area of Los Angeles, from the earliest days as a whaling outpost, to a Portuguese fishing village, a Japanese fishing village, a fish canning area, through Fort MacArthur in WWII, and on up to the contemporary bustle of its function as an international cargo port.
A book, The Depravities of War, featuring their work in printmaking, was released in Sept. 2007 from Grand Central Publishing in Santa Ana, CA.
An exhibition of their drawings were exhibited at the Catharine Clark Gallery in San Francisco in June and July 2008.
Them works have been featured in several contemporary arts publications including the LA Weekly, Juxtapoz Magazine, and the Los Angeles Times.
Pignolet has often collaborated with artist Sandow Birk, most notably in large-scale print projects done with Mullowney Printing, both in Hawaii and in San Francisco. The projects have been very large scale woodblock prints dealing with social issues from the War in Iraq to American political history.
In 2019, Pignolet's work "American Procession" was featured in an exhibition at the Long Beach Museum of Art.
In spring of 2019, Pignolet had a solo exhibition of ceramic vessel works, hand-made and decorated with azulejo blue patterns containing subtle texts with referenced women's issues, sexual assault allegations, and catch phrases often demeaning to women. Them works have been lauded as part of a new wave of feminist works taking on contemporary social issues important to women.
In fall of 2019 they will have a solo show of new works at Track 16 Gallery in Los Angeles.
Collaborations
Pignolet has collaborated with other artists as studio assistant and in many public art projects. Working with Tom Barter, they have completed large scale public projects in Long Beach, CA, and Signal Hill, CA. They have also collaborated with Sandow Birk on three public projects in Los Angeles, CA, including the Tarzana Metro Station on the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) Orange Line, as well as the LAPD Hollenbeck Division Police Station murals in Boyle Heights, East Los Angeles. More recently, they completed a huge tile mural project in San Pedro, commissioned by the Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Department in 2016.
Movie career
Elyse Pignolet was art director for the movie Dante's Inferno, in 2007. The film is told in toy theatre style puppetry and premiered at the Slamdance Film Festival in January 2007. It won the Best Director Award at the Silverlake Film Festival in Los Angeles in 2007, and won the Audience Favorite Award at the San Francisco International Film Festival in 2007.
Pignolet worked on the film "In Smog and Thunder" from Smart Art Press. They have appeared in videos for Quiksilver clothing company.
External links
Elyse Pignolet Website
Elyse Pignolet at the Official Website for Dante's Inferno
KQED (San Francisco) Television Clip showing their work in exhibition
Website for film In Smog and Thunder (2002)
San Francisco Gallery Representing Elyse Pignolet
Los Angeles Gallery
New York Gallery
LA Weekly Feature/Interview on Film Work
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Artists from Oakland, California
American ceramists
Artists from Los Angeles
Framed is a 1930 American pre-Code crime action film, directed by George Archainbaud, based on a screenplay by Paul Schofield and Wallace Smith. It starred Evelyn Brent, William Holden (no relation to the Oscar-winning actor, William Holden), Regis Toomey, and Ralf Harolde.
Plot summary
When Rose Manning's father is killed during a robbery by Inspector McArthur, Manning vows to avenge their death. Five years elapse, and Rose is now the hostess of a nightclub, and their liquor supplier, the bootlegger Chuck Gaines is interested in them Still plotting their revenge, they meet Jimmy McArthur, who they do not realize is the son of the inspector. Spurning Gaines' advances, Rose becomes romantically involved with Jimmy. Them motivations waver as their emotional attachment to the young McArthur grows, until their relationship takes precedence over their revenge.
Chuck, jealous of the growing relationship between Rose and Jimmy, plots with their cohort, Bing Murdock, to murder both the inspector and their son. Uncovering the plan, Rose is attempting to warn Jimmy, when their father raids their club. In the ensuing chaos, Jimmy kills Gaines in order to protect Rose, after Gaines attacked them in a fit of jealous rage. When the inspector finally realizes that what Rose and Jimmy have is real affection for one another, they remove any objections over their relationship.
Cast
References
External links
1930 films
1930s crime action films
American crime action films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by George Archainbaud
RKO Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Malabar is a diverse neighbourhood in South Arima, in Trinidad and Tobago. It is noted for middle class housing. Its boundaries are marked by Omeara Road to the west, Tumpuna Road to the east, the Churchill-Roosevelt Highway to the south and Pro Queen Street to the north. One of its main streets, Subero Street extends southward into Malabar from Pro Queen Street into the Malabar housing project and ends at Nutones Boulevard, which runs along the northern boundary of the O'meara Industrial Estate. The other main street is the Malabar Road. The western part of Malabar seems to overlap with what was once the La Chance estate (Verification required), which was founded by Gaston de Gannes de La Chancellerie in the 1840s. The La Chance estate house is located on O'Meara Rd and currently houses the Acoté veterinary clinic.
Until the early 1970s, southern Malabar was primarily populated by Malayali Malabar Indians, descendants of indentured labourers from the Malabar region in Kerala, India. The southern part of the original settlement along Malabar Road was known locally as India.
Malabar is a heavily residential area, with small to medium - size businesses distributed along its main thoroughfares. These businesses are in the main shops, food vendors and small service establishments such as tyre shops, laundries etc.
The late 1960s and 1970s saw the establishment of a number of residential areas by private developers in the district. these were:
Christina Gardens,
Malabar Gardens (often confused with the government housing project),
Leotaud Lands,
Sierra Vista, and
Concorde Gardens
And, in the late 1990s:
Filly Gardens
In the late 1960s the Trinidad and Tobago government commenced the construction of the Malabar housing project. This continued into the 1980s.
The Trinidad and Tobago government's Malabar housing project is currently divided into four Phases, numbered in order of establishment:
1. Phase 1, whose streets are named after decorative and ornamental plant species, such as Banyan Boulevard, Salvia Drive, Allamanda Avenue, and Poui Lane. The Malabar Government Primary School is located in this Phase.
2. Phase 2, whose streets are named after popular steelbands, such as Despers Crescent and Nutones Boulevard.
3. Phase 3, whose streets are named after birds, such as Falcon Crescent and Cornbird Crescent
4. Phase 4, whose streets are named after prominent Arimian citizens such as Roland Cleveland, Eustace Draper And Gloria McLean
Up to the late 1960s southern Malabar, currently the housing project, was covered by light forest and was known for large number of guava trees that grew there. Caimans, tortoises, green parrots, parakeets and various fish such as guppy (Poecilia reticulata), cascarob (a type of cichlid) and guabin (hoplias malabiricus) were quite common in the area but have virtually disappeared with the removal of the native forests. Green Iguanas (Iguana iguana), Opossums (of the order Didelphimorphia) and mongooses(Herpestidae) currently co - exist with the district's human residents.
A sports facility Larry Gomes Stadium is located in Malabar. The Malabar settlement has a community centre, and a judicial complex has been proposed.
Neighbourhoods in Trinidad and Tobago
Arima
Radio Musicola is the third studio album by the English singer-songwriter Nik Kershaw. It was originally released in October 1986, on the label MCA Records, just under two years after Kershaw's previous album, The Riddle. It was the first album to be produced by Kershaw. It features guest backing vocalists, including Icehouse's Iva Davies, and Night's Stevie Lange, and Miriam Stockley.
The album was released to critical acclaim, but wasn't as successful as Kershaw's previous albums. It peaked at #47 on the UK Albums Chart, marking the beginning of a downturn in Kershaw's fortunes on the album charts. Four singles were issued from Radio Musicola: "When a Heart Beats", "Nobody Knows", "Radio Musicola", and "James Cagney", but none of them reached the Top 20, a first for Kershaw. However, Kershaw did find some minor success with the asupervisorstioned single "When a Heart Beats" (which was not featured on the LP release, only on the cassette and CD versions of the album). The track "Running Scared" was dismissed as title track of the film "Running Scared". The album (to date) remains Kershaw's last album to make the Top 75, and was their last to receive a certification, being certified silver by the BPI.
After the original release, the album remained out-of-print on any format for many years. However, the album became available via online MP3 download on major sites such as Amazon, and iTunes.
Background
The album showcased Kershaw's frustration at the time, with subjects of integrity – media scepticism (particularly towards tabloid journalism), privacy, insecurity and mass-produced run-of-the-mill pop music ("Why can't you let us does it like Joni does it? There you go again, giving it your very best - trying so hard to make it sound like all the rest"). The subject is reflected in the cover artwork's concept. The LP record release featured 1950's style spoof advertisements with the song titles woven in, some of which were replicated in the compact disc's booklet.
Release and chart performance
The album's first single in the United Kingdom was "When a Heart Beats", which peaked at #27 upon its release, the first time that a lead single from a Kershaw album failed to hit the Top 20 in the UK. It became a bigger hit in Ireland, peaking at #14. Further singles from the album were "Nobody Knows" and the title track "Radio Musicola", which peaked at #44, and #43 respectively.
When Kershaw was asked about the poor sales of the album they said: "I didn't keep their attention – two albums in nine months was a stupid idea because the next one took two and a half years and a lot of people lost interest and went elsewhere, which is fair enough. And the music changed a little bit as well and I produced it myself so that might have been a reason."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Nik Kershaw – lead and background vocals; guitars; keyboards; computers
Andy Richards – keyboards; computers; Fairlight CMI programming
Paul "Wix" Wickens – keyboards
Tim Moore – keyboards
Robin Cruikshank – keyboards
Rupert Greenall – keyboards
Simon Phillips – drums
Mark Brzezicki – drums; drum programming
Charlie Morgan – drums
Mark Price – drums
Steve Brzezicki – bass guitar
Felix Krish – bass guitar
Kuma Harada – bass guitar
Dennis Smith – bass guitar
Tim Sanders – saxophones
Simon Clarke – saxophone; flute
Roddy Lorimer – trumpet; flugelhorn
Steve Sidwell – trumpet
Peter Thoms – trombone
Gary Wallace – percussion
Iva Davies – backing vocals
Miriam Stockley – backing vocals
Stevie Lange – backing vocals
Sheri Kershaw – backing vocals
Carol Kenyon – backing vocals
Martin Taylor – backing vocals
Gary Dyson – backing vocals
Production team
Nik Kershaw – producers
Stuart Bruce – engineer; mixer
Robin Cruikshank – assistant engineer
Ian Cooper – mastering
Phil Warren – Model maker
Richard Evans – Design and art direction
Andrew Ellis – photography
Icon – Artwork
Chart performance
Album
Certification
See also
List of albums that were released in 1986
Nik Kershaw's discography
References
External links
Patrick Dailly: Taking Pop to pieces - "Life Goes On"
Nik Kershaw albums
1986 albums
MCA Records albums
Pop rock albums by English artists
Synth-pop albums by English artists
Life Hacks (Chinese: 没那么简单) is a Mandarin-language variety show produced by Singapore's MediaCorp Channel 8. It is hosted by Kym Ng and Pornsak Prajakwit together with Henry Thia, Pan Lingling and Jeremy Chan. The show shares tips and tricks to make life easier and save money.
Guests
Show facts
Most appearances
Trivia
More than 50 life hacks were introduced, and a total of 33 artistes and three guest experts appeared on the show.
Episode 12 is the only episode to have an entirely new group of guest artistes, apart from episodes 1 and 2.
References
2016 Singaporean television series debuts
2016 Singaporean television series endings
Channel 8 (Singapore) original programming
The Drewsville Mansion is a historic house on Old Cheshire Turnpike in the Drewsville village of Walpole, New Hampshire, United States. Built in 1880, it is a regionally rare example of vernacular Stick/Eastlake style architecture, located in an area that has predominantly even older buildings. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.
Description and history
The Drewsville Mansion is sited prominently at the southern end of the Drewsville village green, on the east side of Old Cheshire Turnpike. It is a rambling -story wood-frame structure with a clapboarded exterior and hip roof. The main facade is sheltered by a single-story porch with a jigsaw-cut decorative frieze, and a second-story bay projects over the porch above the main entrance. This bay has decorative stickwork and curving brackets. The interior of the house has retained much of its original finish, despite being subdivided into apartments and suffering fire damage in one wing.
The mansion was built in 1880 for Bolivar and Sarah Lathrop Lovell. It was probably designed by William P. Wentworth of Boston, Massachusetts, who is credited with a small number of similar Stick-style buildings in Walpole which were built about the same time. Sarah Lathrop Lovell's father was a local sheriff, postmaster, and hotel operator, and was one of Drewsville's wealthiest residents. Bolivar Lovell's father was a prominent lawyer and business person from Alstead, New Hampshire. The property was sold out of the family by their daughter in 1910, and was subdivided into apartments through the mid-20th century.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Queen Anne architecture in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1880
Houses in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Walpole, New Hampshire
The mango fruit is commonly dried and eaten as a snack.
Process
Before the drying process begins, the mango that has been sliced will usually have moisture on the surface. Hot air drying is a major method of processing agricultural and sideline products, its principle being that hot air is flowing into the chamber to heat the material and speed up the flow of air so that the water drains away quickly and lets the mango slices dry. In the drying process, warm air that has little moisture will be used to pick up the moisture on the surface of the sliced mango. As the water on the surface is being evaporated, the water from inside the mango is also being drawn out to the surface to replace the lost moisture. The process of water being drawn out from the center of the material to the surface is called diffusion. Then the moisture will also be taken away by the warm air. As moisture is being drawn out to the surface, moisture on the surface will be less visible until it reached a point where the surface will no longer look wet. The rate of moisture removal will also be slower as time goes on. As moisture is being drained out of the mango, its cellular structure will begin to break down, causing the mango to shrink. At high temperature, moisture can be drawn out too quickly that a thick hard layer is formed in the surface of the mango. The thick layer will trap moisture inside the mango, making it difficult to entirely dehydrate the mango. This phenomenon of developing hard skin-like outer layer is called case-hardening.
Case hardening is the result of a large amount of heat dehydrated production, which hardens the exterior of the fruit or vegetable, making it difficult to avoid moisture crumb. The food dried at a very high temperature, the outer surface will harden, preventing moisture from escaping through the center of the slice. The food shrinks when it dries, so fine hemp should be used for small fruits. This results in the fruit center remaining moist and then being prone to spoilage during storage.
Nutrients
Mangos are a rich source of vitamin C. The nutritional value differs slightly from that of a fresh mango as a result of the drying process. The vitamin C content is reduced, but the dried fruit still contains a significant amount of fibre and antioxidants.
100 grams of dried mango contains about 314 calories, in which carbohydrates are the main source of calories, followed by protein and fat. Dried mango has 20% of the daily value for vitamin A and notable content of vitamin B, D, and E. However, most of the vitamin C in the mango is lost during the process of dehydration; it carries only 2% of the daily value. Minerals such as calcium, iron, and phosphorus can be found in dried mangoes.
With additional process of blanching, dried mango can retain the content of its carotenoids and vitamin C.
As with other fruits, mangoes contain antioxidants, such as mangiferin. These may help protect cells in the human body from radical damage associated with diabetes, cancer, and aging.
Storage
While mangos can be stored for around five days, dried mangos can be stored for a lot longer depending on a variety of factors, such as the best by date, the drying method, and how the dried mango is stored. Dried mangos keep fresh in a refrigerator or in a pantry in tightly closed containers to keep out moisture and other contaminants. Unopened dried mango stored in the pantry can be stored between 6–12 months. If stored in the refrigerator, it can be stored for 1–2 years. When frozen, it can be stored for longer. However it is best to check for signs to see whether the fruit has gone bad.
Freezing dried mango is supposedly able to extend the shelf life indefinitely. But like most foods, after a long period of time, it can break down and develop freezer burn.
The freezer time shown is only for the best quality where the dried mango is kept frozen at 0 °F continuously.
Any spoiled dried mangoes should be removed from the freezer to avoid affecting the others. The best way to detect spoilage is to look at and smell the dried mangoes: anything that has an odor or visible mold should be discarded. Common traits of dried mango going bad are discolouration, hardness, and loss of flavour.
See also
Mango powder, used as a citrusy seasoning
References
Mangoes
Snack foods
Carlstad United BK was a Swedish football club located in Karlstad. The club, formed in 1998, last played in the third highest Swedish league, Division 1 Norra. The club was affiliated to the Värmlands Fotbollförbund. They merged with Karlstad BK after the 2019 season to form IF Karlstad Fotboll.
Season to season
Attendances
In recent seasons Carlstad United BK have had the following average attendances:
Notable former players
Joel Rajalakso
Managers
Björn-Magne Broen (2000–01)
Börje Andersson (2002–06)
Per-Johan Karlsson (2007–08)
Lennart Andersson (2008)
Milenko Vukcevic (2008–09)
Håkan Werme & Roger Werner (2010)
Lars-Olof Andersson (2010)
Dave Mosson (2011–2013)
Jonas Rehnberg (2014–2015)
Amir Alagić (2016)
David Ekelund (2016–)
External links
Official site
Footnotes
Defunct football clubs in Sweden
Sport in Karlstad
Sport in Värmland County
Association football clubs established in 1998
1998 establishments in Sweden
Association football clubs disestablished in 2019
Guam competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019.
Results
Men
Track and road events
References
Guam
World Championships in Athletics
2019
The Norway national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Norway and is controlled by the Norwegian Motorsport Federation. The team took part in the Under-21 World Cup for the first and only time in 2005. Rune Holta won two medals in Individual competition (silver in 1994 and bronze in 1993).
Competition
See also
Norway national speedway team
External links
(no) Norwegian Motorsport Federation webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
Team
Amer Al-Sadeq (, , ) is the founder and representative of the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union the organization includes coordination groups and activists of the Syrian Revolution of 2011 who belong to different Syrian cities and areas. The Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union is the first organization to include groups and individual activists aiming to topple the totalitarian Assad family government. Amer Al-Sadeq has been a prominent media figure through their many media interviews and public statements expressing the demands and viewpoints of the revolution in both Arabic and English languages.
2011 Syrian revolution
They participated in the peaceful protests asking for the downfall of the Assad family government in Syria. As a dissident they managed through a network of supporting members working within the government to leak a number of vital documents proving that the government has involved its military judicial system to liquidate activists and detainees inside security branches.
Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union
As the head of the founding committee they established the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union with a number of other representatives from coordination groups. They co-wrote the constitutional statement of the organization and participate in forming its attitude and directions.
Most important media statements
Declared the SRCU's attitude regarding the call for dialogue claimed by the Syrian government while the government forces where still inside Syrian cities and detainees were still no released.
Talked for the first time ever about the Syrian Field Military Court which start executing death sentences since the beginning of 2012 on activists and defected military people including the most famous Lieutenant colonel; Al-Harmoush
External links
Official website of the Syrian Revolution Coordinators Union
English Language Interview with Amer Al-Sadeq
Living people
People of the Syrian civil war
Syrian democracy activists
Syrian dissidents
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jerónimo de Carrión (1660–1721) was a Spanish baroque composer.
Carrión was born in Segovia and was a choirboy at Segovia Cathedral. From 1687 to 1690 they were maestro de capilla in Mondoñedo and then, after a year at Ourense, at Segovia Cathedral, taking up the position formerly filled by Miguel de Irízar who had died in 1684; they remained in this post from 1692 to their death in 1721.
Works
4 masses
28 psalms
7 offices for the dead
6 magnificats
12 lamentations
16 motets
more than 500 villancicos.
Discography
Carrión "Calendas, El Tiempo En Las Catedrales" Tonos al Nacimiento, a La Pasión y al Santísimo. Lamentaciones Del Viernes. Capilla Jerónimo de Carrión dir. Alicia Lázaro. Verso. 2006.
Carrión "Ah de los elementos" - Misa de batalla. 7 villancicos on Capilla Jerónimo de Carrión dir. Alicia Lázaro. Verso. 2007.
References
Spanish Baroque composers
1660 births
1721 deaths
Spanish male classical composers
18th-century classical composers
18th-century male musicians
Uttarkanya is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1401 people living in 278 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Situated on the sapphire coastline of Amanzimtoti, Galleria Mall is a regional shopping centre that serves both Amanzimtoti and nearby towns. The mall hosts retail giants as well as exclusive boutiques, entertainment, fashion, dining and more.
Major Chainstores
Pick n Pay Stores
Checkers
Game
Woolworths South Africa
Truworths
Jet Stores
Edgars
American Swiss
@home
Ackermans
References
Buildings and structures in KwaZulu-Natal
Economy of KwaZulu-Natal
Shopping centres in Durban
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
Siderus is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Siderus leucophaeus (Hübner, 1818)
Siderus parvinotus Kaye, 1904
Siderus guapila (Schaus, 1913)
Siderus eliatha (Hewitson, 1867)
Siderus bouvieri (Lathy, 1936)
Siderus athymbra (Hewitson, 1867)
Siderus philinna (Hewitson, 1868)
Siderus giapor (Schaus, 1902)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
The Savage Girl is a 1932 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser.
Premise
A white jungle goddess is protected by a fierce killer gorilla.
Cast
Rochelle Hudson as The Girl
Walter Byron as Jim Franklin, misspelled Franklyn in on-screen castlist
Harry Myers as Amos P. Stitch
Adolph Milar as Alec Bernouth
Ted Adams as Chauffeur
Floyd Shackelford as Oscar
External links
1932 films
1930s English-language films
American black-and-white films
American adventure films
1932 adventure films
Films directed by Harry L. Fraser
Jungle girls
1930s American films
Collins–Maxwell Community School District (C-M) is a rural public school district headquartered in Maxwell, Iowa. It operates Collins–Maxwell Elementary School and Collins–Maxwell Middle School-High School, located in Collins and Maxwell, respectively.
The district occupies portions of Story, Jasper, Marshall, and Polk counties. The district serves Collins, Maxwell, and the surrounding rural areas.
History
The district formed on July 1, 1983, as a merger of the former Collins Community and Maxwell Community School districts.school districts.
On July 1, 2019, Corey Lunn became the district's superintendent.
Schools
Collins–Maxwell Elementary
Collins–Maxwell Middle School-High School
Collins–Maxwell High School
Athletics
The Spartans compete in the Iowa Star Conference, including the following sports:
Cross county (boys and girls)
Volleyball
Football
Basketball (boys and girls)
Wrestling
Track and field (boys and girls)
Golf (boys and girls)
Soccer (boys and girls)
Baseball
Softball - 2018 and 2019 Class 1A State Champions
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
Collins–Maxwell Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Jasper County, Iowa
Education in Marshall County, Iowa
Education in Polk County, Iowa
Education in Story County, Iowa
1983 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1983
Pushya is a nakshatra in Indian astrology. Some texts refer to it as Tishya, meaning "to look". It corresponds to γ, δ, and θ Cancri in the Cancer (constellation). Bharata, brother of Rama, was born under this Nakshatra. In the epic Mahabharata, the marriage of Draupadi to the five Pandavas takes place when the Moon enters this Nakshatra.
Pushya is known as Poosam in Tamil and Pooyam in Malayalam. Swaminarayan was born under this Nakshatra. It is also mentioned in the story of the birth of Buddha.
Astrological naming convention
Under the traditional Hindu principle of naming individuals according to their Chandra/Moon nakshatra, the following Sanskrit syllables correspond with this Nakshatra, and would belong at the beginning of a first name:
Hu (pronounced as in "who")
They (pronounced as in "heavenly")
Ho (pronounced as it appears)
Da (pronounced as in "Rhonda")
The birthstone associated with this nakshatra is blue sapphire or neelam because it is ruled by the planet Saturn according to Vedic astrology. Pearl is also used, as Pushya falls in the Cancer or karkataka sign. Traditionally, many people buy gold on the day of this Nakshatra. In Maharashtra, India Gurupushya yoga (the moon transiting pushya nakshtra on Thursday is considered very auspicious to buy gold. When Pushya fall on a Sunday it is called as Ravi Pushya Yoga or also known as Ravi Pushya Nakshatra Yoga. This is very important for knowledge of Tantra and Mantra. Shopping for upcoming marriages, events and festivals as this time is considered auspicious to buy all sort of new items.
Of the 16 samskaras mentioned in Ayurveda, one called Suvarnaprashan Samskara is done on the day of pushya nakshatra.
References
Cancer (constellation)
Nakshatra
Foster is a surname which derives from the ancient title and office bestowed upon those overseeing the upkeep and administration of hunting territories belonging to either the monarch or bishop (where empowered to grant warren). The title begins to be adopted as a surname, in the historical record, from the 12th and 13th century onwards.
Related surnames include Forster and Forester.
Notable people named Foster
A
Abby Kelley Foster, American abolitionist
Abiel Foster (1735–1806), American religious leader and politician
Adriance S. Foster (1901–1973), American botanist
Al Foster, American jazz drummer
Alan Dean Foster (born 1946), American writer
Alfred Herbert Foster, Brisbane city architect and designer of Kurilpa Library (1928)
Alison Foster (born 1957), British judge
Amy Foster (born 1992), British actor
Andrew Foster (disambiguation), several people
Andrew Foster-Williams, British classical singer
Arian Foster, American football player
Arlene Foster, Northern Ireland politician
Audrey Hylton-Foster, Baroness Hylton-Foster, British life peer
Augustus Foster (1780–1848), British diplomat
B
Barry Foster (actor) (1927–2002), British actor
Barry Foster (American football) (b. 1968), American football player
Ben Foster (disambiguation), several people
Bill Foster (disambiguation), several people
Blake Foster, American actor
Bob Foster (disambiguation), one of several people
Brad Foster (boxer) (born 1997), British boxer
Brendan Foster (b. 1948), British runner
Brenden Foster (1997–2008), American fundraiser
Brigitte Foster-Hylton, Jamaican hurdler
C
Carey Foster (1835–1919), English chemist and physicist
Carlton Foster (1826–1901), American business person and politician
Catherine Foster (soprano) (born 1975), English soprano
Cecil Foster, Canadian writer
Cecil G. Foster (1925–2016), USAF Korean War ace
Charles Foster (disambiguation), several people
Christopher Foster (disambiguation), several people
Clement le Neve Foster, British geologist
Clyde Foster (1931–2019), American scientist and mathematician
Craig Foster (disambiguation), several people
D
Daniel Foster (disambiguation), several people
Darryll James "D. J." Foster (born 1993), American footballer
Dave Foster, American drummer for the American grunge band Nirvana
David Foster (disambiguation), several people
David Kirby Foster, Baptist minister and community leader from Missouri
Dawn Foster, British journalist
Defne Joy Foster (1975–2011), Turkish actor, presenter, VJ
Denzil Foster, of American record producers Foster & McElroy
Derek Foster (disambiguation), several people
DeShaun Foster (born 1980), American football player
Donald Foster (politician), British politician
Donald W. Foster, American Professor of English and a linguistic/literary sleuth
Douglas A. Foster, Professor of Church History at Abilene Christian University
Dudley Foster (1925–1973), British actor
Dwight Foster (disambiguation), several people
E
Edward Foster (disambiguation), several people
Enid Foster (1895–1979), American sculptor
Ephraim H. Foster, American politician
Ezola B. Foster, American activist
F
Fiona Foster, British television journalist
Florence Foster, American soprano Florence Foster Jenkins
Frank Foster (disambiguation), several people
Fred Foster, American songwriter
G
Gary Evans Foster, American World War I Medal of honor recipient
George Foster (disambiguation), several people
Gerald Claude Eugene Foster (1885–1966), Jamaican sportsman
Gloria Foster, American actor
Greg Foster (disambiguation), several people
Gwendolyn Audrey Foster, American academic
H
Hal Foster (1892–1982), Canadian-American comic strip creator
Hal Foster (art critic), American art critic
Hannah Webster Foster, American novelist
Harry Hylton-Foster, British politician
Harry Wickwire Foster, Canadian General in World War II
Heather Foster, Jamaican-born American professional bodybuilder
Henry Foster (disambiguation), several people
Hunter Foster, American entertainer
I
Ian Foster (disambiguation), several people
Israel Moore Foster, American politician
Ivan Foster, Northern Ireland Presbyterian minister and politician
J
Jack Foster (disambiguation), several people
James Foster (disambiguation), several people
Jane Foster (disambiguation), several people
Jeanne Robert Foster, American poet
Jeff Foster (basketball), American basketball player
Jeff Foster (spiritual teacher), British author and public speaker
Jessie Foster, Canadian prostitute
Jim Foster (American football), executive in American football
Jim Foster (activist), American LGBT and Democratic activist
Jodie Foster (born 1962), American actor
John Foster (disambiguation), several people
Jon Foster, American actor
Jon Foster (artist), American illustrator
Josephine Foster, American musician
Juliette Foster, British television journalist
K
Kathy Foster (basketball) (born 1960), Australian basketball player
Kathy Foster (musician), American musician
Keith Foster (born 1948), Jamaican reggae singer and producer
Karen Foster, American model and actor
Kimberly Foster, American actor
Kurtis Foster, Canadian ice hockey player
L
Lafayette S. Foster, American politician
Lisa Foster, Canadian actor
Little Willy Foster (1922–1987), American blues harmonicist, singer, and songwriter
Luke Foster, English footballer
M
Marcia Lane Foster (1897–1983), English artist and book illustrator
Marcus Foster, American educator
Mark Foster (disambiguation), several people
Mary LeCron Foster (1914–2001), American anthropological linguist
Maurice Foster (disambiguation)
Meg Foster, American actor
Michael Foster (disambiguation), several people
Murphy J. Foster (1849–1921), American politician
Murphy J. Foster, Jr. (1930–2020), American politician
Murray Foster (b. 1967), Canadian musician
Myles Birket Foster, English watercolourist
N
Neal Foster (born 1972), member of the Alaska House of Representatives
Neil Foster, English cricketer
Norman Foster (disambiguation), several people
P
Paul H. Foster (1939–1967), American Marine and Vietnam War Medal of Honor recipient
Peter Foster, Australian con man
Phil Foster, American actor
Philip Foster, American business person
Pops Foster (1892–1969), American jazz musician
Preston Foster (1901–1970), American actor and singer
R
Radney Foster, American musician
Ralph Foster (disambiguation), several people
Randolph Sinks Foster, American Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Reginald Erskine Foster, English footballer and cricketer
Father Reginald Foster, American Catholic priest
Reuben Foster (born 1994), American football player
Richard Foster (disambiguation), several people
Robert Fitzroy Foster (b. 1949), Irish historian and author
Robert Frederick Foster (1853–1945), Scottish-American author on rules of games
Robert Sidney Foster, British Governor of Fiji
Rod Foster (born 1960), American basketball player
Ron Foster (disambiguation), several people
Roy Foster (disambiguation), several people
Rube Foster (1879–1930), pioneer of Negro league baseball
Rusty Foster, Kuro5hin founder
S
Sara Michael Foster, American actor
Scott Michael Foster, American actor
Shan Foster, American college basketball player
Stephen Foster (disambiguation)
Steve Foster (disambiguation)
Susanna Foster (1924–2009), American movie actor
Sutton Foster (born 1975), American entertainer
Sydney F. Foster (1893–1973), New York judge
T
Theodore Foster (1752–1828), U.S. politician
Thomas Foster (disambiguation), several people
Tim Foster (soccer), American soccer player
Tim Foster, British rower
V
Vince Foster (1945–1993), attorney for Bill Clinton
W
Walter Edward Foster, Canadian politician
Wilder D. Foster (1819–1873), U.S. Representative from Michigan
Will Foster, British musician
Will Jacobsen (born 1988), American basketball player (born Will Foster, changed name as an adult)
William A. Foster (1915–1945), American Marine and World War II Medal of Honor recipient
William Z. Foster (1891–1961), American activist
Fictional characters
Doctor Foster, nursery rhyme character
Rita Foster, character in the film Cypher (2002)
Robert Foster, protagonist character in the adventure game Beneath a Steel Sky
Michael Foster, the main antagonist in the film The Call (2013)
Hayley Foster, a main character in Power Rangers Ninja Steel
Isaac Foster, a main character in Angels of Death
See also
Foster (disambiguation)
Ellen Foster, novel
Forster (disambiguation)
English-language surnames
Roland Melis (born November 13, 1974) is an athlete from the Netherlands Antilles, who competed in the triathlon.
Melis competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took forty-fifth place with a total time of 1:56:11.95.
References
sports-reference
1974 births
Living people
Dutch Antillean triathletes
Dutch male triathletes
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games competitors for the Netherlands Antilles
Olympic triathletes of the Netherlands Antilles
Duathletes
Daniel Merlin Goodbrey is an English writer known for their work in webcomics and the British small press.
Biography
Goodbrey became known as a creator of experimental digital comics and hypercomics.
 They are the inventor of the Tarquin engine, an Adobe Flash script for creating infinite canvas webcomics. Cartoonist Scott McCloud has used the Tarquin engine for the creation of some of their comics.
Their recent works include Iron Man 2020 for Marvel Comics.
Goodbrey currently lives in Welwyn Garden City where they lecture in Narrative & Interaction Design at The University of Hertfordshire.
Their work was featured in a group exhibition at Pump House Gallery in London in September 2010.
Bibliography
Six-Gun: Tales of an Unfolded Earth (Hyperfiction)
I Bleed Scorpions (British small press comic)
Mr. Nile - The Illustrated Bastard (British small press comic)
Brainfist (webcomic)
All Knowledge is Strange (webcomic)
The Last Sane Cowboy and Other Stories (AiT/Planet Lar)
"Emperor None" (with Brian Denham, in Giant-Size Avengers Special #1, Marvel Comics, February 2008)
Iron Man 2020: "Endless Stolen Sky" (with art by Lou Kang, in Astonishing Tales #1-6, Marvel Comics, April–September 2009)
The Rule of Death (with art by Douglas Noble, webcomic, Serializer)
Necessary Monsters (with art by Sean Azzopardi, webcomic)
Awards
Isotope Award for Excellence in mini-comics in 2004
Isotope Award for Excellence in 2005 for 'The Last Sane Cowboy'
Notes
References
External links
Daniel Merlin Goodbrey at Comic Vine
Interviews
CR Sunday Interview: Daniel Merlin Goodbrey
Return to Camelot: An Interview with Daniel Merlin Goodbrey
Living people
English comics writers
English webcomic creators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Casco Art Institute: Working for the Commons is a non-profit public art institution based in Utrecht, Netherlands.
Overview
Casco was founded in 1990 as an experimental art space on the Oudegracht in Utrecht. In 1995 it was renamed Casco Projects, starting a program with a focus on autonomy and intervention. In 2003, Casco took a new title 'Office for Art, Design and Theory' to expand its framework to artistic research and interdisciplinary practices. In 2007, the institute moved to a new location on the Nieuwekade, designed by ifau (institute for applied urbanism) and Jesko Fezer. In 2014 Casco moved to a new space on the Lange Nieuwstraat in Utrecht. 2018 marked another transitional year accompanied by the name change to Casco Art Institute: Working for the Commons.
Past Projects
2018 Elephants in The Room: Assembly for commoning institutions
2018 Biannual exhibition program: Alma Heikkilä, "Evolved in shared relationships" and The Outsiders "Erfgoed (Agricultural Heritage and Land Use)"
2017 Doria Garía and Ingo Niermann "Army of Love", and Heman Chong and Renée Staal, "The Library of Unread Books"
2016 Alex Martinis Roe, "To Become Two"
2016 Wok The Rock, "Parasite Lottery"
2015 Group Exhibition: "We Are the Time Machines: Time and Tools for Commoning"
2015 Adelita Husni-Bey, "White Paper: The Law" and Fernano Garcìa-Dory, "INLAND"
2014 Melanie Gilligan, "The Common Sense" and The Otolith Group, "In the Year of the Quiet Sun"
2014 Wendelien van Oldenborgh receives prestigious Dr AH Heiniken Prize for Art
2014 Inaugural Exhibition, "New Habits"
2013 Tadasu Takamine, "Japan Syndrome - Utrecht Version"
2012 Lawrence Abu Hamdan, "Aural Contract: The Whole Truth"
2009-2010 "User's Manual: The Grand Domestic Revolution", long-term "living research",
2010 Ei Arakawa, "Hurt Locker Instruments"
2010 Martha Rosler, "If you Lived Here Still..."
2009 Metahaven, "Stadtstaadt. A Scenario for Merging Cities"
2008 Fritz Haeg, "Animal Estates 6.0"
2008 Ricardo Basbaum, "Re-projecting (Utrecht)"
2008 Stephen Willats, "The Speculative Diagram"
2007 Dave Hullfish Bailey, "What's left for its own devices (on reclamation)"
2007 Annette Krauss, "Hidden Curriculum"
Publications
1996 Casco Issues 1: Good & Bad
1997 Casco Issues 2: Parallel Worlds
1997 Casco Issues 3
1998 Casco Issues 4: The black-and-white issue
1999 Casco Issues 5: Real Experiments
2007 The So-called Utopia
2007 Hidden Curriculum Files, Annette Krauss
2011 A Well Respected Man,Van Oldenborgh, Wendelien, in collaboration with Sternberg Press
2014 The Grand Domestic Revolution Handbook
See also
List of contemporary art spaces in the Netherlands
References
External links
Contemporary art galleries in the Netherlands
Art museums and galleries in the Netherlands
Pope Gregory XIII (r. 1572–1585) created 34 cardinals in eight consistories.
June 2, 1572
Filippo Boncompagni
July 5, 1574
Filippo Guastavillani
November 19, 1576
Andrew of Austria
March 3, 1577
Albert of Austria
February 21, 1578
Alessandro Riario
Claude de La Baume
Louis of Guise
Gerard van Groesbeeck
Pedro de Deza
Fernando de Toledo Oropesa
René de Birague
Charles de Lorraine de Vaudémont
Giovanni Vincenzo Gonzaga
December 15, 1578
Gaspar de Quiroga y Vela
December 12, 1583
Giovanni Antonio Facchinetti de Nuce
Giambattista Castagna
Alessandro Ottaviano de' Medici
Rodrigo de Castro Osorio
François de Joyeuse
Michele Della Torre
Giulio Canani
Niccolò Sfondrati
Anton Maria Salviati
Agostino Valier
Vincenzo Lauro
Filippo Spinola
Alberto Bolognetti
Jerzy Radziwiłł
Matthieu Cointerel
Simeone Tagliavia d'Aragonia
Scipione Lancelotti
Charles II de Bourbon-Vendôme
Francesco Sforza
July 4, 1584
Andrew Báthory
References
Gregory XIII
College of Cardinals
16th-century Catholicism
Shoichi Kinoshita (born 25 December 1954) is a Japanese biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Japanese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Japan
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Niigata Prefecture
Nehalem may refer to:
Nehalem (people), or Tillamook, a Native American tribe
Nehalem language, or Tillamook language, the language spoken by the Nehalem (Tillamook) tribe
Places
Oregon, United States
Nehalem Bay, a bay in Tillamook County
Nehalem Bay State Airport, an airport near Nehalem Bay
Nehalem Bay State Park, a state park which includes Nehalem Spit and Nehalem Beach
Nehalem Highway, a state highway
Nehalem, Oregon, a city in Tillamook County
Nehalem River, a river
Other uses
Nehalem (microarchitecture), an Intel processor microarchitecture
Nathorst Land is the land area between Van Keulenfjorden and Van Mijenfjorden on Spitsbergen, Svalbard.
The area is named after Alfred Gabriel Nathorst.
The Aspelintoppen mountain is the highest peak in Nathorst Land.
References
Peninsulas of Spitsbergen
Aster latifolius is an unaccepted scientific name and may refer to two different species of plants:
Eurybia macrophylla, the largeleaf aster
Oclemena acuminata, the whorled wood aster
Russia–South Sudan relations () are the bilateral relations between Russia and South Sudan.
Diplomatic relations
On 9 July 2011, Mikhail Margelov, Russia's representative at independence ceremonies in Juba, delivered to President of South Sudan Salva Kiir Mayardit a message from Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, which saw Medvedev congratulating their South Sudanese counterpart on the independence of the new nation. On 11 July 2011, Dmitry Medvedev issued an ukaz formally recognising the independence of South Sudan and instructing the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to begin negotiations with South Sudan on the establishment of diplomatic relations.
In introducing Sergey Shishkin, the Russian Ambassador to Uganda, to Deng Alor, the South Sudanese Foreign Minister, Margelov also announced the intention of Russia to establish an embassy in Juba, and that Shishkin would concurrently be accredited to South Sudan in the meantime.
Economic relations
In Juba for the independence ceremonies, Margelov stated that Russia intended to pursue economic ties with South Sudan, noting that the newly independent nation had many challenges ahead of it, and Russia would have to seize the opportunity and establish itself as part of the nation's economy.
References
External links
South Sudan
Bilateral relations of South Sudan
Avellanita is a monotypic plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae. The sole species is Avellanita bustillosii, endemic to Chile. A specific locus of occurrence is in the La Campana National Park of central Chile and amid the adjoining Cerro La Campana and in Laguna Aculeo area and its southern distribution is located in Chancon, close to Rancagua. Regarding the use of its seeds, it has been pointed out that its "small hazelnuts" are edible.
See also
Gevuina
References
Avellanita bustillosii en Chilebosque
Acalypheae
Monotypic Euphorbiaceae genera
Endemic flora of Chile
Upper Macedonia (Greek: Ἄνω Μακεδονία, Ánō Makedonía) is a geographical and tribal term to describe the upper/western of the two parts in which, together with Lower Macedonia, the ancient kingdom of Macedon was roughly divided. Upper Macedonia became part of the kingdom of Macedon in the early 4th century BC. From that date, its inhabitants were politically equal to Lower Macedonians. Upper Macedonia was divided in the regions of Elimeia, Eordaea, Orestis, Lynkestis, Pelagonia, Deuriopus, Tymphaea, and later incorporated Atintania and Dassaretis until Roman intervention. The middle and southern parts of Upper Macedonia corresponds roughly to the modern Greek region of West Macedonia while the northern part of Upper Macedonia corresponds to the southwestern corner of the Republic of North Macedonia.
Three of the most important Hellenistic dynasties originated from Upper Macedonia: the Lagids from Eordaea, the Seleucids from Orestis and the Antigonids from Elimiotis.
See also
History of Macedonia (ancient kingdom)
Lower Macedonia
Ancient Greek geography
List of ancient Macedonians in epigraphy
References
Sources
Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography by William Smith, Mahmoud Saba
JSTOR:Philip II and Upper Macedonia A. B. Bosworth
Relations between Upper and Lower Macedonia https://web.archive.org/web/20080119020638/http://www.history-of-macedonia.com/wordpress/
JSTOR: Epigraphes Ano Makedonias -Epigraphical Database
Dimitrios C. Samsaris, Historical Geography of the Roman province of Macedonia (The Department of Western Macedonia today) (in Greek), Thessaloniki 1989 (Society for Macedonian Studies)..
External links
Map of the growth of Macedonia 4th BC - Upper Macedonia is shown in light-brown - Retrieved from Eliznik. com.
Geography of ancient Macedonia
Macedonia
Macedonia (ancient kingdom)
The Dominican Day Parade in New York City is a parade organized by Americans of Dominican origin. The event started in 1982 as a local celebration with concerts and cultural events in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan. Organized by Dominican American community leaders, the parade is held annually each August on 6th Avenue. Similar parades are also held every year in Haverstraw, New York, Paterson, New Jersey, Boston, Lawrence, Massachusetts, Philadelphia and along the Grand Concourse in the Bronx.
No parade was held in 2020.
Parade and Related Events
The parade is held on 6th Avenue in New York City. Marching proceeds from south to north, beginning on 38th Street.
A gala is held on the second Friday in August before Sunday's parade. Locations of the gala will vary. visit dominicanparade.org for information. A scholarship awards banquet takes place in the fall.
Mission
The newly formed Dominican Day Parade, Inc. is a nonprofit 501 (c) 3, non-partisan organization in formation that organizes the annual parade and festivities. The organization strives to provide an understanding of the heritage and contributions of the Dominican community in America and throughout the world. The mission of the Dominican Day Parade, Inc. is to celebrate the richness of the Dominican culture, folklore and popular traditions.
Themes
The parade's theme for 2015 is Education and Economic Empowerment. The organization recognizes the lack of resources for youth that seek a formal education. For that reason, Dominican Day Parade, Inc. has set a goal of creating a $250,000 Scholarship Fund. The fund, the first of its kind in the recent history of the parade, will help pay for education that will, in turn, economically empower young Dominicans throughout the United States.
Board of directors
Over the past several years, the leadership of the Dominican Day Parade had been under scrutiny because the non-profit organization at its helm was not being run according to New York State law. Under the direction of Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman and Mayor Bill de Blasio, along with other elected officials and community leaders, in 2015, an entirely new entity and Board of Directors was created for what is now called the Dominican Day Parade, Inc. The new members of the board include many distinguished people from the Dominican-American community, representing a variety of industries and backgrounds.
Date of Parade
The Dominican Day Parade is celebrated on the second Sunday of August to honor the start of the war for the “Second Independence” (La Guerra de la Restauracion). Under the leadership of General Gregorio Luperon, the war was ultimately won from Spain.
In 1844, the Dominican Republic secured its independence from Haiti and became a sovereign state until 1861. Under the leadership of General Pedro Santana, segments of the Dominican population sought to annex the Republic back to Spain and did so during March 18, 1861. On August 16, 1863, the start of the war for the Restoration of the Dominican Republic under the command of General Luperon. The Dominican Republic originally declared its independence from Spain on December 1, 1821. Ultimately, the Dominican Republic was re-established, free from Spain, on March 3, 1865.
Dominicans in New York Dominican Day Parade
See also
Labor Day Carnival
Puerto Rican Day Parade
References
Caribbean-American culture in New York City
Dominican-American culture in New York (state)
Festivals in New York City
Parades in New York City
Cultural festivals in the United States
1982 establishments in New York City
Latin American festivals
Hispanic and Latino American culture in New York City
Dominican Republic culture
Hans Blomqvist (born 17 March 1975) is a retired Swedish football forward.
Breaking through for Västra Frölunda IF, they were awarded the Swedish football Newcomer of the Year for 1998.
References
1975 births
Living people
Footballers from Gothenburg
Swedish footballers
Västra Frölunda IF players
IFK Göteborg players
GAIS players
Association football forwards
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Hesarak or Hisarak (Pashto: حصارک,|Dari) ولسوالی حصارک is a district in the west of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan. Its population was estimated at 28,462 in 2002. The district centre is the village of Hesarak.
References
UNHCR District Profile, dated 2002-07-02, accessed 2006-07-14 (PDF).
External links
Map of Hisarak (PDF)
Districts of Nangarhar Province
Laos competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Powerlifting
See also
Laos at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Laotian sport
Thomas Thorpe (19 May 1881 – 28 September 1953) born in Attercliffe, Yorkshire, was an English footballer and cricketer. Thorpe's batting style is unknown, whilst in football they were a goalkeeper. They hold the record for being Barnsley's oldest player at 40 years 310 days.
Football
They played football for Rawmarsh Athletic and Kilnhurst before moving to Doncaster Rovers when they were voted into the Football League Division 2 for the 1904–05 season. It was the worst season in the League Doncaster ever had, finishing with only 8 points in 34 games of which Thorpe played 31. They conceded 81 goals.
The following season, with Rovers relegated, they went to Barnsley where they remained for four seasons playing in Division 2 and famously scored a goal.
In 1909, after Barnsley failed to meet their terms, they were transferred to Northampton Town in the Southern League. After the war, they continued to play for Northampton including their first season in the Football League in Division 3 in 1920–21.
Lastly they rejoined Barnsley for the 1921–22 season, achieving the still held record for being their oldest player at 40 years 310 days when they played against Stoke City on 25 March 1922.
Cricket
Thorpe made three first-class appearances for Northamptonshire in the 1913 County Championship against Essex, Yorkshire and Gloucestershire. They had no success in these matches, scoring just 11 runs at an average of 3.66, with a high score of 6. However, Northamptonshire won two of these matches, and drew against Yorkshire during which match they faced another ex-Doncaster Rovers player, Alonzo Drake.
Personal life
They married Sarah Ann Fitton Wild in 1906 in Kilnhurst St Thomas Church. They and Sarah had five children, Olive, James, Emily, Eric and Kenneth. Sarah and their eldest daughter, Olive, died within two weeks of one another in 1918 during the pneumonia pandemic, both buried in Kilnhurst. They remarried in 1926 to Mary Alice Elliot. They died in Worksop, Nottinghamshire on 28 September 1953.
References
External links
Thomas Thorpe at ESPNcricinfo
Thomas Thorpe at CricketArchive
1881 births
1953 deaths
Cricketers from Sheffield
Footballers from Sheffield
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Rawmarsh Welfare F.C. players
Kilnhurst Colliery F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Northampton Town F.C. players
English Football League players
People from Darnall
Sins of the Fleshapoids is a 1965 underground film directed by Mike Kuchar. It is a low-budget, campy sci-fi movie about an android revolt a million years in the future after humans have become too lazy and selfish to take care of themselves.
Plot summary
One million years in the future, human beings have created a race of human-looking androids called Fleshapoids to fulfill their every desire. As a result, humans have become selfish and lazy as they no longer need to work or do anything to take care of themselves.
One day, a Fleshapoid named Xar (Bob Cowan) revolts, kills their female human master (Gina Zuckerman) and hooks up with a female Fleshapoid named Melenka (Maren Thomas), who services Prince Gianbeno (George Kuchar) and Princess Vivianna (Donna Kerness). While Xar and Melenka fall in love in secret, the marriage between the Prince and Princess is falling apart. As the Princess tries to deceive their husband and run away with their lover, Ernie (Julius Middleman), the Prince uncovers the Fleshapoids' illicit romance and attempts to stop them. But Xar flips out again and they and Melenka kill the Prince. But, with death also comes life, as Xar and Melenka's unusual lovemaking produces a cute baby robot.
Production
Sins of the Fleshapoids was the first film Mike Kuchar directed themselves after co-directing movies with their twin brother George Kuchar for many years. However, on the commentary track of the Other Cinema DVD release, Mike reveals that George did shoot a quick sequence in which a semi-nude Princess Vivianna admires themselves in a mirror.
The film was shot in 16mm and has a musical soundtrack, but all of the dialogue, rather than being spoken, is printed in giant word balloons that appear directly on the screen.
Financing from the film came from the paychecks Mike Kuchar earned while working a day job as a photo retoucher. However, after the film became a modest midnight movie success, Mike was able to quit their job and live off of the income they made from Sins of the Fleshapoids and other films.
Reception and legacy
The film was a major influence on cult director John Waters who has said that Sins of the Fleshapoids "really shows what an underground movie was."
References
External links
1960s science fiction films
Films shot in 16mm
1960s avant-garde and experimental films
1960s English-language films
NYH may refer to:
New York Herald, a newspaper, 1835-1924
Station code for Nayandahalli Railway Station
United Nations Security Council resolution 669, adopted unanimously on 24 September 1990, after recalling Resolution 661 (1990) and Article 50 of Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the council was conscious of the increasing number of requests for assistance have been received under Article 50, relating to international sanctions against Iraq after its invasion of Kuwait.
Article 50 states that if the Security Council is enforcing sanctions against any state, whether it be a Member of the United Nations or not, a country that is confronted with economic problems as a result of the measures has the right to consult the council to find a solution to the problem. 21 states, including Jordan, which were experiencing adverse consequences of the sanctions, filed requests in this manner.
In this regard, the council requested the Security Council Committee established in Resolution 661 (1990) to examine requests for assistance under Article 50. It reported back by asking Member States to support other states that had been affected by the sanctions on Iraq.
See also
Foreign relations of Iraq
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0669
0669
Gulf War
1990 in Iraq
1990 in Kuwait
September 1990 events
ASEAN Hymn (official name ASEAN Song of Unity) was the hymn of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. The lyrics were written by Nicanor Tiongson and the music was composed by Ryan Cayabyab. The ASEAN Hymn was the unofficial ASEAN anthem until the adoption of the official anthem, The ASEAN Way.
Lyrics
ASEAN, oh ASEAN,
Our voices rise as one,
From land to land, from sea to sea,
Reach out for everyone.
ASEAN, oh ASEAN,
Let's link our arms and stand,
Reff:
Behold the sun has risen to,
The level of our eyes.
Behold the sun has risen to,
The level of our eyes.
Notes
External links
Download the song (from ASEAN Homepage).
ASEAN
Asian anthems
Year of song missing
Norman Salo Fegidero Jr. (born January 28, 1970) is a Filipino football coach and former player who is the current head coach of the Azkals Development Team and the Philippines U23 national team. A midfielder, they represented the Philippines national team from 1989 to 2001 and later became their coach in 2008.
Career
International
For twelve years, 1989 until 2001, Norman Fegidero played for the Philippines national team. The highlight of their career is when they were instrumental to the 1–0 upset against Malaysia at the 1991 Southeast Asian Games. They secured the winning goal at the 84th minute.
As a coach
Philippines
They were a head coach of the Philippines national football team in 2008.
Pachanga
Since 2011 until 2012 they coached Pachanga
University of St. La Salle
In December 2016, it was reported that Fegidero is serving as head coach of the under-21 team of La Salle.
Philippines U23 and ADT
In 2022, Fegidero was appointed as head coach of the Philippines national U23 team which will compete at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games and the Azkals Development Team.
International goals
Scores and results list the Philippines' goal tally first.
References
External links
Profile at Soccerpunter.com
1970 births
Living people
Filipino footballers
Association football midfielders
Filipino football head coaches
Philippines national football team managers
Philippines international footballers
Footballers from Negros Occidental
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ginger Lily is a common name for several plants and may refer to:
Alpinia
Hedychium
The Gay Deceiver is a 1926 film directed by John M. Stahl. The film stars Lew Cody and Carmel Myers. The film is considered lost.
Plot
A deceiver leads the fast set in Paris and is involved in love affairs and blackmail until they mend their way for their daughter's sake.
Cast
Lew Cody as Toto / Antoine di Tillois
Malcolm McGregor as Robert Le Rivarol
Marceline Day as Louise de Tillois
Carmel Myers as Countess de Sano
Roy D'Arcy as Count de Sano
Dorothy Phillips as Claire
Edward Connelly - Merinville, the lawyer
Tony D'Algy as Merinville's nephew
References
External links
1926 films
1926 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by John M. Stahl
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American films based on plays
Films set in France
1926 lost films
Lost drama films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Ronald Paris (12 August 1933 – 17 September 2021) was a German painter and graphic artist.
Life
Provenance and education
Ronald Paris was born in Sondershausen, a small town in central Germany with a long tradition as an army town. Their father was a stage actor and singer: their mother was a housewife, qualified as a seamstress. As the war drew to a close, formally ending in May 1945, Paris was rescued by advancing American troops from a fire in the cellar of the school in Sondershausen. In 2004, in commemoration of this event, which involved the rescuing of many families, they produced an altar triptych for the Trinitatis Church in Sondershausen where, many years before, they had been baptized.
They left school in 1948, which was the year of their parents' divorce, and started an apprenticeship in nearby Weimar focused on glass-art and Stained glass. By this time their urge to become a painter had become firmly rooted: between 1950 and 1952 they undertook appropriate studies, starting with evening classes at the Visual Arts Academy in Weimar and moving on, in 1951, to the Workers' and Peasants' faculty at Jena where they qualified for an entitlement to attend a university. They then undertook a brief internship/traineeship at the Castle Museum in Gotha. Between 1953 and 1958 they studied Mural painting at the Visual Arts Academy at Weissensee (Berlin). Here their teachers included , Arno Mohr, Bert Heller, Gabriele Mucchi and Toni Mau.
Artistic and career development
In 1959 they embarked on a career as a freelance artist. In the same year they undertook a 3,000 km (1,800 mile) study tour to the Soviet Union, which took them to the Volga and back. In 1961 they joined the National Association of Visual Artists, which was for many purposes a prerequisite for an artistic career in the German Democratic Republic. Much later, between 1985 and 1991 they served as the Association's regional president for the Berlin district. It was in this capacity that in 1989 they were a co-signatory of a declaration calling for the party to avoid violence during the succession of events that led, in October 1990, to German reunification.
In 1961 their triptych, "Village Games in Wartenberg" ("Dorffestspiele in Wartenberg") was savagely criticised by the leadership of East Germany's ruling Socialist Unity Party, who insisted that their presentation of workers did not correspond with official idealised presentations. In 1962 Ronald Paris drew up the prestigious poster for the Brecht drama Schweik in the Second World War. Between 1963 and 1966 they were a "master-scholar" under Otto Nagel at the Berlin Arts Academy. In 1965 Ronald Paris was a co-founder of the "Intergrafik Treinnale", later becoming the event's president.
In 1969 Paris painted the popular singer-actor Ernst Busch for a series entitled "Artists as seen by artists" ("Künstler sehen Künstler"). Two versions of the Busch portrait were produced, and the second of them was exhibited in the seventh National Art Exhibition in Dresden. The circumstances proved controversial because the "portrait" by Paris showed not Busch in a characteristically heroic pose, but as a tired old man. Ronald Paris received much criticism over the matter, not least from Ernst Busch who was furious. In the end the painting was purchased by the Ministry for Culture and was subject to a high-profile "disappearance". It is now considered "lost".
Between 1993 and 1999 Ronald Paris was a professor at the "Burg Giebichenstein" Arts Acadademy in Halle. Since 1985 they have lived and worked in Rangsdorf near Berlin.
Family and friends
Between 1961 and 1974 Ronald Paris was married to the photographer Helga Paris. The marriage produced two recorded children, Robert (1962) and Jenny Helena (1964). Since 1985 they were married to Isolde Paris. Their daughter, Anna Therese, was born in 1976.
The landscape artist from Schwerin, Wilhelm Facklam, was their maternal uncle.
Close friends included the painters Ursula Wendorff-Weidt and Gabriele Mucchi, along with the singer Wolf Biermann, the graphic artist Herbert Sandberg and Ursula's husband, the expressionist dance pioneer Jean Weidt.
References
1933 births
2021 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Recipients of the National Prize of East Germany
People from Sondershausen
20th-century German printmakers
Imma xantharcha is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are dark purple-fuscous, irregularly strewn with yellow-ochreous scales between the veins and with a short orange line beneath the costa from the base. The hindwings are fuscous, thinly scaled towards the base, the terminal third suffused with
dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Mavago District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is Mavago. The district lies along the border with Tanzania.
Population (est. 2005): 17,046
Area: 9,112 km2.
Coordinates
Latitude: 12° 16' 12" South
Longitude: 36° 33' 31" East
Towns and villages
Aldeia Calembe
Aldeia Chitolo
Aldeia Milepa
Aldeia Wanga
Antigo Posto Maziua
Bilandega
Cachepa
Cajomomba
Mamudo
Mataca
Mavago
Metotela
M'sawize
Namacambale
Nhalopa
Omar
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
Doug Armstrong (born 1964) is a Canadian ice hockey executive.
Doug Armstrong may also refer to:
Doug Armstrong (broadcaster) (1931–2015), New Zealand cricketer, broadcaster and politician
Doug Armstrong (YouTuber) (born 1992), British web video presenter
Doug Armstrong (curler), Canadian skip
Doug Armstrong (musician), former bassist for the Australian band Jet
See also
Douglas Armstrong (disambiguation)
Morgan Cox (born April 26, 1986) is an American football long snapper for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). They were signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2010. They played college football at Tennessee.
College career
Cox was a walk-on for the Tennessee Volunteers football team as a long snapper, earning a scholarship prior to the 2008 season. Cox was the starting long snapper for Tennessee for the 2007, 2008, and 2009 seasons. They earned Academic All-SEC honors from 2006–2009.
Cox was invited to participate in the 2010 Senior Bowl that took place on January 30, 2010.
Professional career
Baltimore Ravens
Cox was signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent following the 2010 NFL Draft on May 6, 2010. They earned the starting long snapper job after the Ravens released Matt Katula on August 14, 2010. Cox was part of the 2012 Baltimore Ravens Super Bowl XLVII victory over the San Francisco 49ers on February 3, 2013. In the season opener of the 2013 season against the Denver Broncos, Cox recovered a punt that was muffed by Wes Welker. On October 19, 2014, Cox tore their ACL against the Atlanta Falcons and was placed on season ending injured reserve the day after. They were replaced by Kevin McDermott for the remainder of the season. Cox recovered from the injury, and resumed their long snapping duties for the 2015 season. Cox, along with punter Sam Koch, was named to their first Pro Bowl in 2016.
On March 7, 2016, Cox signed a five-year contract extension with the Ravens.
In 2020, Cox was one of 18 players placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list before the Ravens' Week 12 game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. They were placed on the list on November 27, 2020, and activated on December 7. They were replaced by Nick Moore. They became the first long snapper to ever be selected to first-team All-Pro (this was the first year the NFL had long snappers on the ballot). However, on January 25, 2021, the Ravens announced that they would be going with Nick Moore for the next season and would not be re-signing Cox.
Tennessee Titans
On March 18, 2021, Cox signed a one-year contract with the Tennessee Titans. They re-signed with the team on March 10, 2022.
References
External links
Baltimore Ravens bio
Tennessee Volunteers football bio
1986 births
Living people
Players of American football from Tennessee
People from Collierville, Tennessee
American football long snappers
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Baltimore Ravens players
Tennessee Titans players
Unconferenced Pro Bowl players
American Conference Pro Bowl players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1683.
Events
May 17 – Jordaan Luchtmans, the predecessor of Brill Publishers, is registered as a bookseller by the Leiden booksellers' guild.
May 25 – Lancelot Addison is appointed Dean of Lichfield.
June 26 – Madame de La Fayette is widowed.
August/September – John Locke flees to the Netherlands, under suspicion of involvement in the Rye House Plot in England.
November 4 – Marriage of André Dacier and Anne Lefèvre in Paris.
December 7 – English parliamentarian Algernon Sidney is executed for treason, based largely on the anti-monarchist views expressed in their Discourses Concerning Government.
unknown dates
John Banks' historical play The Innocent Usurper, about Lady Jane Grey, is banned from the stage by the censors.
A public library is first recorded at Kirkwall on Orkney.
New books
Fiction
Alexander Oldys (?) – The London Jilt; or, to Politick Whore
"Abbé du Prat" (pseudonym) – Venus in the Cloister; or, The Nun in their Smock (Vénus dans le cloître, ou la Religieuse en chemise)
Drama
Joshua Barnes – Landgartha, or the Amazon Queen of Denmark and Norway
Chikamatsu Monzaemon – Yotsugi Soga (The Soga Successors/The Soga Heir)
John Crowne – City Politiques
John Dryden and Nathaniel Lee – The Duke of Guise
Sor Juana – Los empeños de una casa (The Trials of a Noble House)
Nathaniel Lee – Constantine the Great
Thomas Otway – The Atheist
Edward Ravenscroft – Dame Dobson
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz – Los empeños de una casa
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – El pintor de su deshonra
Poetry
Robert Gould – Love Given O'er: Or a Satyr on the Inconstancy of Woman
Non-fiction
"R. B." (i. e. Nathaniel Crouch), compiled – Two Journeys to Jerusalem
John Dryden – Plutarch (one of the first biographies in the English language)
Joseph Moxon – Mechanick Exercises
John Pordage – Theologia Mystica
Dr. Thomas Sydenham –
Births
April 3 – Mark Catesby, English naturalist (died 1749)
December 27 – Conyers Middleton, English controversialist and cleric (died 1750)
Deaths
January 15 – Philip Warwick, English writer and politician (born 1609)
March 19 – Thomas Killigrew, English dramatist and manager (born 1612)
August – Ralph Josselin, English diarist and Anglican cleric (born 1616)
August 24 – John Owen, English theologian (born 1616)
October 20 – Marie-Catherine de Villedieu, French novelist and dramatist (born 1640)
November 18 – Innokentiy Gizel, Ukrainian historian (born c. 1600)
December 15 – Izaak Walton, English writer and biographer (born 1593)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Piłatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Godziszów, north of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 390.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The 2019–20 Pittsburgh Panthers women's basketball team represented The University of Pittsburgh during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Panthers, led by second year head coach Lance White, played their home games at the Petersen Events Center as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Panthers finished the season 5–26 and 1–17 in ACC play to finish in fifteenth place. As the fifteenth seed in the ACC tournament, they defeated Notre Dame in the First Round before losing to Georgia Tech in the Second Round. The NCAA tournament and WNIT were cancelled due to the COVID-19 outbreak.
Previous season
They finished the season 11–20, 2–14 in ACC play to finish in fourteenth place. They lost in the first round of the ACC Women's Tournament to Duke. The Demon Deacons were not invited to post season play.
Off-season
Recruiting Class
Source:
Roster
Schedule
Source:
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-Conference Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| ACC Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| ACC Women's Tournament
References
Pittsburgh Panthers women's basketball seasons
Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh
Vesa Tapio Vierikko (born 24 May 1956 in Lappeenranta, Finland) is a Finnish actor.
Vierikko began acting in 1978 on television working consistently throughout the 1980s and 1990s. They starred in the 2003 film Sibelius working with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo and actors such as Martti Suosalo, Heikki Nousiainen and Seela Sella and Miina Turunen. They once again worked with director Koivusalo in Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa in 2005.
More recently in 2006 they have starred in over 16 episodes of Akkaa päälle.
Partial filmography
Jon (1983)
Onks' Viljoo näkyny? (1988)
The Winter War (Talvisota, 1989)
The Match Factory Girl (Tulitikkutehtaan tyttö, 1990)
Hobitit (1993)
Santa Claus and the Magic Drum (Joulupukki ja noitarumpu, 1996)
Gold Fever in Lapland (Lapin kullan kimallus, 1999)
Ponterosa (2001)
The Book of Fate (Kohtalon kirja, 2003)
Sibelius (2003)
Shadow of the Eagle (Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa, 2005)
V2: Dead Angel (V2 – Jäätynyt enkeli, 2007)
The Flight Before Christmas (Niko – Lentäjän poika, 2008)
One Foot Under (Toinen jalka haudasta, 2009)
The Storage (2011)
August Fools (2013)
External links
Finnish male actors
1956 births
Living people
People from Lappeenranta
Jadon and Anias McDonald are a pair of formerly conjoined craniopagus twins. They were separated by Dr. James Goodrich and a team of forty doctors in a nearly 30-hour surgery on October 14, 2016 at Children's Hospital at Montefiore when they were thirteen months old.
Less than a year after they were separated, they returned home to their house in New York's Orange County to live with parents, Nicole and Chrisitian, and older brother, Aza before relocating to Indiana in late 2018. Before they were separated, the boys and family lived in the Bronx, but their family purchased the home in foreclosure while the boys were in rehab at Blythedale Children's Hospital. At home, they had 20 hours a week of in-home therapy.
Separatated: Saving the Twins is the story of their separation and recovery.
References
Living people
Conjoined twins
Sibling duos
Twin people from the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brett Newton is an American former rugby union player. They represented runners-up, the , at the 1994 Women's Rugby World Cup in Scotland.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
Kazimierówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
Notes
Villages in Chełm County
Shrimp and grits is a traditional dish in the Lowcountry of the coastal Carolinas and Georgia in the United States. It is a traditional breakfast dish, though many consider it more of a lunch or supper dish. Elsewhere, grits are accompanied by fried catfish or salmon croquettes.
Gallery
See also
List of seafood dishes
References
Soul food
Shrimp dishes
Lowcountry cuisine
Benjamin Clifford Bright, also known as Ben Bright, was born on 12 July 1974 in Waiuku, New Zealand.  They are the head coach for GB Triathlon, an olympic coach and a former athlete.
Athletic career
Bright won Le Race, a road bicycle race in Canterbury, New Zealand, in early 2000. They competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. They ended up finishing in thirty-eighth place with a total time of 1:52:17.26.
Coaching
Later on, Bright became a coach of Mantas, a local swim club in Hong Kong. After training several outstanding swimmers, including an Olympian and Hong Kong age group record breakers, they accepted an opportunity to coach a triathlon at Loughborough University in England.
Bright is now the head coach for the British Triathlon High Performance centre in Loughborough. They were personal coach to Tim Don and Hollie Avil at the 2008 Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of New Zealand
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathlon coaches
People from Waiuku
People associated with Loughborough University
New Zealand male triathletes
The women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 21 and 22 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Semifinals
21 July
Semifinal 1
Wind: +1.0 m/s
Semifinal 2
Wind: +1.1 m/s
Heats
21 July
Heat 1
Wind: +0.5 m/s
Heat 2
Wind: +2.2 m/s
Heat 3
Wind: +0.4 m/s
Heat 4
Wind: +2.9 m/s
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 31 athletes from 23 countries participated in the event.
References
100 metres hurdles
Sprint hurdles at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Euderces is a genus of longhorn beetles, family Cerambycidae. They are found in South, Central, and North America, with the centre of diversity in southern Mexico and Guatemala.
Many members of this New World genus are ant mimics. E. velutinus is a tropical species closely resembling the common ant species Camponotus sericeiventris. Most species are smaller than 5 mm.
Distribution
Four species of this genus occur in the United States.
Species
References
BioLib.cz: Genus Euderces
External links
Pictures of E. reichei — in vivo
Picture of E. picipes — in vivo
Tillomorphini
Cerambycidae genera
Taxa named by John Lawrence LeConte
Andrew Anderson may refer to:
Politics and law
Andrew Anderson (mayor) (1795–1867), American politician, mayor of Nashville, Tennessee
Andrew J. Anderson (1837–?), American politician from Wisconsin
Andrew Anderson (St. Augustine, Florida) (1839–1924), American politician, mayor of St. Augustine, Florida
Andrew Anderson, Lord Anderson (1862–1936), Scottish barrister, judge and Liberal Party politician
A. C. Anderson (Andrew Charles Anderson, 1909–1996), Canadian pharmacist and politician
Sports
Andrew Anderson (draughts) (died 1861), Scottish draughts player
Andrew Anderson (baseball) (died 1989), American Negro leagues baseball player
Andrew Anderson (footballer) (1909–1991), Scottish footballer
Andrew Anderson (basketball) (1945–2019), American basketball player
Andrew Anderson (wrestler) (born 1967), American professional wrestler
Andrew Anderson (tennis) (born 1983), South African tennis player
Andrew Anderson (bowler) (born 1995), American professional bowler
Others
Andrew Anderson (riverboat skipper) (1895–1958), New Zealand riverboat skipper
Andrew B. Anderson Jr. (1926–2016), American Air Force general
Andrew Anderson (journalist), Scottish broadcast journalist
See also
Andy Anderson (disambiguation)
Drew Anderson (disambiguation)
Andrew Andersons (born 1942), Australian architect
AS Veti Club is a football club in Matadi, Democratic Republic of Congo. They play in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
Honours
Coupe du Congo
Runners-up (3): 2001, 2011, 2012
Ligue de Football Bas-Congo (LIFBACO)
Winners (2): 1994, 2011
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Matadi
Ron Dellow (13 July 1914 – 7 November 2013) was an English footballer and coach. As a player, they were a right-winger who began their professional career at Blackburn Rovers, and later played for Mansfield Town, Manchester City and Tranmere Rovers in the years before World War II. In August 1939, they joined Carlisle United, but because of the war, they had to wait seven years before making their debut for the club in an official league game. They played one post-war season for Carlisle.
During the Second World War, Dellow served in the RAF. In 1948, Dellow moved to the Netherlands. They coached HVV Helmond, Holland Sport, FC Volendam between 1964 and 1969, and guided the club to promotion to the Eredivisie in 1967. They also coached GVAV, Heracles Almelo and Helmond Sport in the 1970s.
After retiring from football, Dellow spent their retirement years in Almelo. They died on 7 November 2013, aged 99.
References
1914 births
2013 deaths
English footballers
English football managers
English expatriate football managers
English expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Manchester City F.C. players
Tranmere Rovers F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Hermes DVS managers
FC Volendam managers
Heracles Almelo managers
Helmond Sport managers
HBS Craeyenhout football managers
Blauw-Wit Amsterdam players
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
SVV Scheveningen managers
Expatriate football managers in the Netherlands
Association football midfielders
Bakers Narrows, Manitoba, is a small residential community approximately southeast of Flin Flon on Lake Athapapuskow. There are five subdivisions located near the lakeshore with a total of approximately 150 cottages, many of which are permanent residences.
Description
The community consists of both winterized homes and seasonal cottages. It straddles the North Arm and Little Athapap sections of Lake Athapapuskow and lies within Bakers Narrows Provincial Park. It is the location of the Flin Flon Airport and the Flin Flon/Bakers Narrows Water Aerodrome.
The remote community is surrounded by Precambrian boreal forest, a mixed forest of coniferous and deciduous trees of the Canadian Shield. There are stands of black spruce, jack pine, white spruce, and trembling aspen. The area is home to moose, black bear, lynx, wolf, and beaver. Bird species include raven, common loon, spruce grouse, bald eagle and hawk owl. There is some trapping and hunting, and recreational fishing is popular.
History
The narrows have been inhabited since prehistoric times. Archaeological digs at Bakers Narrows Provincial Park revealed pottery, arrowheads, and other artifacts indicating regular habitation by the "Shield Archaic Culture", who hunted caribou in the area as far back as 7000 years ago. They were eventually supplanted by the Woodland Cree who were nomadic hunters in this region. The narrows were a seasonal camp for Cree families who would gather during the summer before heading to their individual hunting grounds in the autumn.
The first European to visit Bakers Narrows was Joseph Hansom. In the summer of 1773, as a young fur trader, they were sent inland by the Governor of Churchill to extend the reach of the Hudson's Bay Company. Hansom paddled from Lake Kississing down the Pineroot River, reaching Lake Athapapuskow and Bakers Narrows. Donaldson B. Dowling, working for the Geological Survey of Canada, was the first to survey the narrows in 1899.
The name comes from the first homesteader, Bill Baker a trapper and prospector from Ontario, who settled there with their wife Lydia Paul (from the Cumberland House Cree Nation) in approximately 1910 with the intention of establishing a trading post. In the early days, it was also called "Bakers Landing". To serve the growing mining industry in the Flin Flon area, a federal boat dock was built there in the early 1950s. The excellent fishing and camping near the dock led to the creation of the provincial park in 1961.
The Manitoba Highway 10 reached Bakers Narrows in 1951 and the airport was opened in 1968.
References
Localities in Manitoba
Football Inter Club Association; (commonly referred to as FICA) is a professional football club based in Cap-Haïtien, Haiti.
The club has been a very successful club in Haitian football history, winning 7 titles in 1989, 1990, 1991, 1994, 1998, 2001, 2015 C.
History
The Football Inter Club Association (FICA) was founded on 17 October 1972 in a room at the Collège Notre-Dame du Perpétuel Secours on the initiative of a group of young students, all originally from Cap-Haïtien, following a national football school championship and the return of a victorious tour in the Dominican Republic.
As president was chosen Dudré Génard, as general secretary Paul Calixte and as treasurer Rev. Yvon Joseph; the technical guide was entrusted to Hervé Calixte and Charles Vertilis. The first players of FICA were Daniel Albert , Ricot St-Juste, Frantzy Mathieu, Joseph Duverglas, Serge Célestin, Jean Robert Télusma, René Monestime, Daniel Cadet, Antony Byas, Robert Noel, Frantz Telusmond, Gary César, Jocelyn Zépherin, Killick Jean-Louis, Claude Louis Charles, Michel Desravines, Guy Prosper and Wilfrid Zépherin.
On November 26 of that year, FICA played their inaugural match against Etoile Haïtienne at the Parc Saint-Victor of Cap-Haïtien and was defeated 0–1. The next day, a rematch was held with FICA defeating Etoile Haïtienne 1–0 scored by Wilfrid Zépherin.
In 1973, FICA became affiliated with the "Ligue du Nord" (League of the North), and the club took part in its first championship, where they came in second.
In 1975, FICA becomes champions of the Ligue du Nord. From 1976 to 1983, FICA becomes champions of Cap-Haïtien three times, winning the "Coupe Pharmacie du Centre" in 1976, and the "Coupe Henry Christophe" in 1979 and 1983.
National integration era
During the season 1988–1989, the national of championship integrated clubs outside of the Port-au-Prince area with the twenty best clubs of the country in a league-wide format for the first time. Clubs were divided into two groups of ten, as the preliminary phase saw four teams play the final phase: Violette, Aigle Rouge, AS Capoise and FICA.
FICA defeated ASC, as Violette defeated Aigle Rouge in the semifinals. FICA won the first leg against Violette 1–0 in Cap-Haïtien and returned to Port-au-Prince and defeated Violette 1–2 to win its first national championship.
Squad
As of 24 April 2021:
Records
Top goalscorers
Honours
Ligue Haïtienne: 7
1989, 1990, 1994, 1998, 2001, 2015 C, 2016 C.
International competitions
CONCACAF Champions League: 2 appearances
1990 – Second Round (Caribbean Zone) - Lost against Pinar del Río, 1–4 on aggregate (1–1 & 0–3)
1995 – Second Round (Caribbean Zone) - Withdrew
References
Football clubs in Haiti
Association football clubs established in 1972
Nord (Haitian department)
The Scania Freight Corridor () is a long railway line between Arlöv and Ängelholm in Sweden.
It is an amalgamation of the Lomma Line between Arlöv and Kävlinge, and the Söderås Line between Teckomatorp and Åstorp. The Continental line to the port of Trelleborg is sometimes also regarded as a part of the Corridor, although retaining its separate name officially.
History
Originally the section from Arlöv to Ängelholm consisted of two private railways, from Arlöv to Billesholm, which opened in 1888, and from Billeshollm to Ängelholm, which opened in 1876. Both were nationalized in 1896 along with many other railways to establish the West Coast Line. The section from Arlöv to Ängelhom was part of the West Coast Line until 2001, when a new line was opened between Ängelholm and Lund.
The Scania Freight Corridor was electrified in 1933 and 1934. Regional passenger transport was terminated in 1975 from Ängelholm to Teckomatorp, and in 1983 from Malmö to Arlöv and Kävlinge. The section from Kävlinge to Teckomatorp remains as a passenger train section and is used by the Skåne commuter rail.
Today and future
Today the Scania Freight Corridor is not used much, since there is a bottleneck. The West Coast Line north of Ängelholm over the Hallandsås ridge is single-track, steep and curvy and it is congested with passenger trains. Therefore, most freight trains today use the Markaryd Line, a large detour which also congests the Southern Main Line further east. A tunnel, the Hallandsås tunnel, is being built to solve this situation. This tunnel is seriously delayed. It is now planned for opening around 2015, around 20 years later than was assumed at construction start.
The Hallandsås tunnel and relocated station at Båstad was finally opened in December 2015. Thus the section over the ridge and via the old Båstad station was closed and the tracks were removed.
References
Rail transport in Skåne County
Railway lines in Sweden
Railway lines opened in 1876
1876 establishments in Sweden
Kerry Kelly is an American former rugby union player. They represented runners-up, the , at the 1994 Women's Rugby World Cup in Scotland.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Female rugby union players
American female rugby union players
United States women's international rugby union players
Cythereinae is a subfamily of bee flies in the family Bombyliidae. There are about 19 genera and 150 species in Cythereinae.
Genera
These 19 genera belong to the subfamily Cythereinae:
Amictus Wiedemann, 1817 c g
Callostoma Macquart, 1840 c g
Chalcochiton Loew, 1844 c g
Cyllenia Latreille, 1802 c g
Cytherea Fabricius, 1794 c g
Enica Macquart, 1834 c g
Gyrocraspedum Becker, 1912 c g
Neosardus Roberts, 1929 c g
Nomalonia Rondani, 1863 c g
Pantarbes Osten Sacken, 1877 i c g b
Sericosoma Macquart, 1850 c g
Sericothrix Hall, 1976 c g
Sinaia Hermann, 1909 c g
Sphenoidoptera Williston, 1901 i c g
† Amictites Hennig, 1966 g
† Glaesamictus Hennig, 1966 g
† Palaeoamictus Meunier, 1916 g
† Paleolomatia Nel, 2008 g
† Praecytherea Théobald, 1937 g
Data sources: i = ITIS, c = Catalogue of Life, g = GBIF, b = Bugguide.net
References
Further reading
Bombyliidae
Michael James Rowland (born 15 January 1964) is an Australian film director.
Early years
Prior to their screen career, Rowland studied graphic design at the North Adelaide School of Art in South Australia and started their early working life as a designer and illustrator specialising in the arts. Their list of freelance clients grew to include Sony (US), Womad (International) and Peter Gabriel (UK). They also held the position of Art Director with the Adelaide Festival of Arts (1987–93) a job which saw them work with some notable artists, including Peter Brook, 7th Earl of Harewood, Cheek by Jowl, Jan Fabre, Sankai Juku, Andy Goldsworthy, Winton Marsalis, the Kronos Quartet, Zubin Mehta and Pierre Boulez. They have won numerous awards for their design and illustration, including the 1992 AADC's Master's Chair.
Cowboy Books
Michael established the graphic novella imprint Cowboy Books in 1990 with the publication of the awarding winning Ten Drawings of the Jungle. This first title was followed up two years later with The Existentialist Cowboys Last Stand (1992) and Life Advice for High-Plains Drifters (2000). Cowboy Books sell throughout Europe, North America and Australia.
Film school
Michael 'retired' from graphic design in 1994, relocating to Sydney to study for a BA in Film at the Australian Film, Television and Radio School (AFTRS). In their first year as an undergraduate the screenrights to their novella The Existentialist Cowboy's Last Stand were bought and it was made into one of Australia's most successful short films of the 1990s, along the way earning Michael their first Australian Film Institute (AFI) nomination. The second came with the Russian language, space-race short, Flying Over Mother (1996), cementing their reputation as an original screenwriter/director with a global audience.
First feature film
Their first feature film, Lucky Miles (2007), is set in 1990 Western Australia. Unfolding as a traditional Australian tale of men lost in the desert, Lucky Miles packs a bold twist updating the genre with an ensemble cast including Kenneth Moraleda, Rodney Afif and Srisacd Sacdapraseuth. Lucky Miles was chosen to be the highly successful opening night film of the 2007 Adelaide Film Festival and later that year beat out the cream of global cinema to win the audience award for Best Film at the 2007 Sydney Film Festival. Other awards include; the Special Jury Prize at the 2007 Karlovy Vary International Film Festival; Best Screenplay at the Vladivostok International Film Festival; the Black Pearl for Best New Director at the Middle East International Film Festival; the Grand Prix at the 9th Rencontres Internationales du Cinéma des Antipodes and Best Film at the Asian Festival of First Films.
In 2008, Australia's national broadcaster, ABC1, programmed Lucky Miles at 8:30 pm Sunday night on the Australia Day long-weekend holiday. Its contribution to the nation's celebration.
First television feature
In 2008, Rowland co-wrote and directed the one-hour ABC, RTÉ, BBC drama The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce. Set in 1824 Van Diemen's Land, The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce tells the true story of an escape from the notorious British prison Sarah Island by eight convicts. Its Gothic narrative plots their privation and descent into cannibalism, through to the execution of the sole survivor, Alexander Pearce, for the murder of Thomas Cox. It was co-written and produced by Nial Fulton.
The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce drew TV industry nominations in both Europe and Australia. It was nominated for Best Telefeature at the 2009 Australian Film Institute (AFI) Awards, Best Drama at the 2009 Irish Film & Television Academy (IFTA) Awards and Best Drama in the 2010 Rose D'Or awards, Switzerland. Reflecting its 'factual' funding, in 2009 The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce won Best Documentary at the IF Awards.
For their work, Michael was nominated in the Best Telemovie Director category at the Australian Directors Guild Awards 2009, composer Roger Mason won Best Music for a Telemovie at the 2009 Australian Screen Music Award and Designer Felicity Abbott and props master Paul Stewart were both recognised for their work on the film at the 2009 Newport International Film Festival.
In 2009 Australia's national broadcaster, ABC1, programmed The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce in prime-time on Sunday night over the Australia Day long weekend. The previous year Lucky Miles had been programmed in the same 8:30 pm slot, making it the second year in a row the ABC had screened a Rowland feature to mark the nation's celebration.
Series Television
During 2010 and 2011 Michael directed 8 episodes of AFI and IF award winning series My Place, produced by Penny Chapman. They directed 3 episodes in the first series and was nominated for an Australian Directors Guild Award. They returned to the second series as set-up director and helmed a further 5 episodes.
Early in 2011 they directed two episodes of the genre breaking comedy/drama/romance Spirited, produced by Jacquelin Perske and Claudia Karvan. Mid year they directed three episodes of the ballet-teen-drama Dance Academy, produced by Werner Film Productions for ABC, and in the second half of the year directed three episodes of the award winning Foxtel drama Tangle.
Notes
External links
Official website Australian Film Television and Radio School
The Internet Movie Database
Adelaide Film Festival
Variety
Cowboy Books
Australian film directors
People from Adelaide
1964 births
Living people
Australian Film Television and Radio School alumni
Spring Creek East Township is a township in Dent County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
Spring Creek East Township was named from Spring Creek, which flows through it.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Dent County, Missouri
Stachys the Apostle (Greek: Στάχυς "ear-spike"; died 54) was the second bishop of Byzantium, from AD 38 to AD 54. They seemed to be closely connected to Andrew and Paul. Eusebius quotes Origen as saying that Andrew had preached in Asia Minor and in Scythia, along the Black Sea as far as the Volga and Kiev, hence they became a patron saint of Romania and Russia. According to tradition, Saint Andrew founded the See of Byzantium in 38, installing Stachys as bishop (the only bishopric in that neighbourhood before that time had been established at Heraclea). This See would later develop into the Patriarchate of Constantinople, having Apostle Andrew as its Patron Saint. It was not clear if Stachys was the same person whom Paul calls "dear" in the Epistle to the Romans (Rom. 16:9), but anyway, they are always associated in traditions with five other apostles (Ampliatus, Urban, Apelles, Aristobulus and Narcissus) that are the very same names mentioned together with them by Paul in .
Their feast day is on October 31.
Notes
External links
antiebeati.it
1st-century Romans
Seventy disciples
Saints from Roman Anatolia
Saints from Constantinople
1st-century Byzantine bishops
1st-century Christian saints
Bishops of Byzantium
The third season of the television series HaShminiya was originally broadcast on Arutz HaYeladim (HOT) in Israel.
Season overview
The third season starts in Mika's aunt's villa. It's summer holiday. When a weird guest is coming to the villa, everybody in the octette, except Aya, joins the police's secret organization "HaMoatza". Aya prefers to spend their summer holidays helping pregnant Dganit and reading books. The octette introduce themselves to Alex, Lillie's sister and the head of "HaMoatza", and the three procurators, Yoel, Dafi, the weird guest, and Omri. At the same time, Avi, who becomes the Shminiya commander, breaks up with Mika and moves into Czechov's place, a member of "HaMoatza" too, and an old friend. Avi doesn't know that they were chosen to be commander because of their relationship with Czechov. Roni and Nini are coming back together, Nitzan and Adam keep on their relationship, although Adam still has feelings for Aya.
At the same time Dganit's doctor, Yulius Calderon, arouses suspicion in Aya, and later it is exposed that they were the doctor of all the octette members' mothers, when they were pregnant. Yulius combines Daniel Harris and Lina, who escaped jail, and together they are trying to get the Crypton gene, the gene that makes a human with lambda ripples, a physically perfect human.
Episodes
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders" style="width:100%; margin:auto; background:#FFFFFF;"
|-
! style="background-color: #FFA500; color:#000; text-align: center;" width="35"|Series#
!! style="background-color: #FFA500; color:#000; text-align: center;" width="35"|Season#
!! style="background-color: #FFA500; color:#000; text-align: center;"|Title
!! style="background-color: #FFA500; color:#000; text-align: center;" width="140"|Original airdate
|-
!colspan="4;" style="background-color: #FFA500; color: #000"| Part 1
!colspan="4;" style="background-color: #FFA500; color: #000"| Part 2
|}
2006 Israeli television seasons
2007 Israeli television seasons
Split television seasons
Hou or Hov is a town in Jutland, Denmark. It is located in Odder Municipality.
Etymology
The name is known from 1608 where the area was called Haa Havn, indicating the presence of a harbour even before the town existed.
In 2019 a vote among the citizens of Hou was initiated, in order to determine whether the official spelling of the town should be Hou or Hov. With 844 votes for Hou and 44 votes for Hov, the official spelling was determined to be Hou. Mayor of the municipality, Uffe Jensen, put up new signs with the new spelling later in the year.
History
The first residential building in Hou was built in 1837. The town grew up around the harbour, and in 1853 a granary was built on the harbour. A school was built in 1870. A ferry route between Hou and Aarhus began in 1873. In 1884 the Hads-Ning Hundreds' Railroad was established, connecting Hou to Odder and Aarhus. The Odder-Hou stretch of the Odder Line was shut down in 1977.
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Nicholas Craig Morris (born 7 June 1994) is an Australian speedway rider.
Career
Born in Canberra, Morris was successful as a youngster in youth racing in Australia before making the move into British racing in 2010 with Buxton Hitmen in the National League, the team going on to be crowned champions. It was the only season that Morris would race in the National League, making the step up to the Premier League and the Elite League in 2011. They won titles with Glasgow Tigers and Scunthorpe Scorpions in the Premier League, and with the Swindon Robins in the Elite League. Morris has ridden for Swindon since 2012, and in late 2014 it was announced that Morris would return to Swindon for the 2015 season. They stayed with Swindon Robins to 2018, where they started the season as Team Captain under Manager Alun Rossiter. They guested for Poole Pirates in both legs of the 2018 Premiership final to help them become champions.
In 2021 and 2022, they rode for the Wolverhampton Wolves in the SGB Premiership 2021 and SGB Premiership 2022 and for the Leicester Lions in the SGB Championship 2021 and SGB Championship 2022.
World Final appearances
Under-21 World Cup
2012 – Gniezno, Stadion Start Gniezno S.A. – 2nd – 44pts (11)
2015 – Mildura, Olympic Park Speedway – 3rd – 29pts (12)
References
1994 births
Living people
Australian speedway riders
Buxton Hitmen riders
Glasgow Tigers riders
Coventry Bees riders
Leicester Lions riders
Scunthorpe Scorpions riders
Swindon Robins riders
Somerset Rebels riders
Wolverhampton Wolves riders
The Battle of Benghazi occurred during the Italo-Turkish War when the Kingdom of Italy attacked and took possession of the major cities of the Ottoman Empire's North African Tripolitania province, now Libya. Benghazi was one of the five strategic cities captured and held by the Italians during the entire length of the war.
Background
In 1911 as a part of its colonial plans for Africa, Italy lusted after the Ottoman Empire's Tripolitania province. On 28 September 1911, the Italian Chargé d'Affaires presented the Turkish government in Constantinople with an ultimatum demanding that the Ottoman Empire consent to the military occupation of its North African province of Tripolitania by Italy within 24 hours. As its justification, Italy used the unfounded claim that the action was necessary to end the disorder and neglect of the territory. The Ottoman Empire refused and on 29 September 1911, the Italian government declared war on Turkey.
At that time, Tripolitania was largely a barren land with a total population of approximately 1.5 million inhabitants composed largely of nomadic Arab Bedouin tribes. The Ottoman Empire had ruled the territory with a light hand as an autonomous province since 1835. When Italy declared war on the Ottoman Empire, Tripolitania was defended by Turkish forces totaling only 7,000 men in antiquated, second-rate forts in the cities along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea. As such, the Italians expected that a show of force might be enough to cause the Turks to seek to avoid war by means of a diplomatic solution. To that end, the Italian plan was to capture and occupy the major cities along the Mediterranean, namely Tripoli, Tobruk, Derna, Benghazi, and Homs.
Some military minds, however, recognized that the real defense of Tripolitania would come from the native populations in the interior organized by Sheik Sidi-es-Senoussi, the leader of the Senussi order. The Senussi order began as an Islamic missionary program founded in Mecca in 1837. By the beginning of the twentieth century, the Senussi in Tripolitania had grown to hold a leadership role among the Bedouin tribes. And by the beginning of the Italo-Turkish War, the Senussi had begun to organize military resistance against colonialists. In Tripolitania during the Ottoman rule, the Senussi had accepted the Turks as their ruler and the Ottoman Sultan as their Caliph contingent upon being given their autonomy. The attitude with respect to Italian colonialists, however, was different. Due largely to Islamic sentiment and propaganda, the native population of Tripolitania was bitterly opposed to the Italians.
Immediately following the declaration of war, the Italian Navy established a blockade of 700 nautical miles along the shores of Tripolitania and took command of the eastern Mediterranean in order to transport an expeditionary force to the African coast. The first city targeted for invasion was Tripoli, where the Turkish garrison quickly evacuated the city with the exception of 150 men manning the artillery of the five coastal forts. The remainder of the Turkish forces withdrew to the safety of the village of Gharian in the hills, a two day march south. On 30 September, the Italians demanded that the Turks surrender the city by the 2nd of October. Three days later when no response was received from the Turks, the Italians began a bombardment of the Turkish forts. After eight hours of bombardment spanning two days, the Turks evacuated the forts and withdrew south of the city. On 5 October, the Italians landed a force of 1,200 men and claimed the city.
After the capture of Tripoli, the cities of Tobruk, Derna, and Homs were attacked and captured in succession, leaving only Benghazi, the second largest garrison among the five cities, to be attacked. Beginning on 13 October, the Italians began to move the 15,000 men of the 2nd Infantry Division to Benghazi. The first group of Italian soldiers began to arrive off shore at Benghazi on 18 October. Shortly thereafter, Italian Admiral Augusto Aubry demanded that the Turkish force of 400 regular and 2,500 irregular troops surrender the city. The Turkish commander of the garrison, Chakir Bey refused.
Amphibious landing at Benghazi
On the morning of 19 October, the Italian Navy off shore of Benghazi began the bombardment of the city. Bombarded were Juliana Beach where the Italians intended to land; the Turkish barracks at Berca, approximately three miles southeast of the city; the Berca fortress and nearby Governor's residence; and the Turkish armory north of the town. Simultaneously, 800 Italian marines landed on Guiliana Beach unopposed and established an artillery battery on the high ground of the Cape. The landing on Juliana Beach surprised the Turks. Most of the Turkish infantry was deployed either north toward the armory or south of town away from the shore. The Turks quickly counter-attacked the Italians taking a position on a narrow strip of ground south of the town between Buscaiba Point on the shore and a salt lake to the east. From this point, the Turks attempted to retake Juliana Beach and the high ground at the Cape. The counter-attack, however, was forcefully repelled by Italian naval gunfire. During that time, a second Italian landing party attempted to capture the custom house wharf, but was repelled by heavy Turkish rifle fire. After withdrawing from the custom house wharf, the Italians proceeded to demolish the area by means of a bombardment from their warships.
After the Italian marines had turned back the Turks at Juliana Beach, they secured the area and began to build piers to allow the infantry to disembark from the transport ships. At 10:00 am, General Giovanni Ameglio led the first of the infantry ashore, took command of the operation, and had the marines move inland. As the marines moved south, they came upon a concentration of Turks in the narrow passageway near Buscaiba Point and were unable to continue their advance. In the afternoon, General Ottavio Briccola, the commander of the 2nd Infantry Division arrived on shore with soldiers of the 4th and 63rd Infantry Regiments who reinforced the marines and were ultimately able to dislodge the Turks. General Briccola then proceeded to advance on and attack Berca from two directions supported by bombardments from the Italian warships. In the little town of Sidi Daub the fighting was house-to-house. As evening began to fall, the Turks abandoned Berca and retreated north into the southern neighborhoods of Benghazi. Rather than pursue the Turks into Benghazi, the Italians held their positions and continued to bring men ashore.
At 7:00 pm, the Italian Navy bombarded the European quarter in the southern part of Benghazi after receiving numerous urgent appeals from General Briccola. After 20 minutes of bombardment, the Turks raised the white flag and began a general retreat out of Benghazi. When the Italians took possession of Benghazi on the morning of 20 October they encountered no resistance in the urban areas.
Occupation of Benghazi
Immediately after capturing Benghazi, the Italians chose not to continue the battle by pursuing the Turks, but rather to remain in the environs of the city taking a defensive position. Likewise, the heavily outnumbered Turks were content to flee the city and take refuge 20 miles to the east in the hills at Bu Marian. Neither force mounted an immediate attack on the other. The Italians used the time to bring their entire force ashore and to begin the construction of defensive redoubts, an airstrip, and a military field railroad. The Turks used the time to call upon their Bedouin allies and assemble reinforcements. Although there were frequent skirmishes in the first few weeks after the Italian invasion, neither side mounted a full-fledged attack on the other. The Italians were hesitant to extend themselves into the interior and the Turkish-Arab forces, at least initially, did not have the means to attack and overcome the Italian defensive fortifications and naval artillery.
By the middle of November, however, the Turkish-Arab force had grown to approximately 15,000 men under the command of Aziz Ali bey El-Masri. In an attempt to unnerve the Italians and cause them to waste their ammunition, El-Masri and their forces began to make “simulated nocturnal attacks” on the Italians.
El-Masri then began to make frequent daylight and night attacks on the Italian garrison in the southern suburbs of Benghazi. The Italians at the garrison were supported by the naval gunfire of the San Marco and the Agordat and easily fended off the attacks. The Italians rarely reacted by responding with sorties. One exception to the rule occurred on 28 November when Italian reconnaissance revealed that there was a substantial Turkish-Arab force 6-9 miles north-east of Benghazi at the oasis of al-Kuwayfiya. Because the oasis was close to the sea shore, Major-General Raynaldo de'Amico was given the command to lead the 3rd Infantry Brigade to the oasis to attack the enemy. At al-Kuwayfiya, the Italians came upon a large Turkish-Arab force where a skirmish took place. Results of the conflict were ultimately disputed with each side claiming that they forced the other side to withdraw. The Italians claimed that they left 21 Bedouins dead on the field while the Turks claimed that they killed 22 and wounded 50.
Otherwise, conventional attacks by the Turkish-Arab forces continued. On 30 November, a Turkish-Arab force of 20,000 men was repulsed with substantial losses. To protect against further attacks, the Italians reinforced the garrison with the 57th Regiment from Italy and by bringing the battleship Regina Elina to Benghazi from Tobruk.
The Turkish-Arab forces attacked during the night of 10-11 December and again during the night of 14-15 December, but were repulsed with the aid of bombardment from the Italian warships. The Italians responded by bringing more soldiers to Tripolitania and by the end of December the number of soldiers in Benghazi exceeded 22,000. As the year ended, the entire war including the battle for Benghazi seemed to be a stalemate. The Italians continued to stay in their defensive coastal fortifications protected by their naval firepower while the Turkish-Arab forces attacked without success.
1912 in Benghazi
As the war continued in 1912, the Bedouins increased their war effort when Sheik Sidi-es-Senoussi, the leader of the Senussi, convinced the tribal chiefs to declare a jihad against the Italians. Meanwhile, the Italians at Benghazi began to extend their defensive perimeter. New, stronger fortifications were built as far as 4½ miles from the city, a distance still within the range of the Italian warships in the harbor. The fortifications were equipped with heavy 6-inch siege guns and linked by means of the field railroad. The new fortifications quickly became subject to numerous attacks as the Turkish-Arab forces continued in their futile effort to prosecute the war.
The Turkish-Arab attacks continued into March and once again the Italians went on the offensive against a concentration of Arabs at an oasis near Fojat. On 12 March, in a battle which became known as La battaglia delle Due Palme (the Battle of Two Palms), Italian General Ameglio led a force of seven battalions with cavalry and artillery to the oasis and won a great victory. The Arabs suffered casualties of 400 men killed and 500 men captured. The Italians reported casualties of 29 killed and 62 wounded. For their leadership, General Ameglio was recognized and promoted to Lieutenant-General.
Peace
After a relatively quiet month of April, the Italians changed their tactics pertaining to the overall war and used their navy in May to attack the Ottoman Empire's province of Rhodes in the Aegean Sea. In this effort, the Italians successfully captured the island of Rhodes and the Dodecanese Islands. After these losses, the war and the fighting effectively came to a halt. On 13 August, Italy and the Ottoman Empire began peace talks.
At the outset, the peace talks between the Italians and the Turks went so well that in September the Turks dispersed an assembled army ordering the regular soldiers back to their quarters and sending the reserves home. As the talks lagged and became delayed, however, the geopolitical situation for the Ottoman Empire changed and the need to formally end the war became more urgent. Observing the struggles of the Ottoman Empire in the Italo-Turkish War, the Balkan states of Montenegro, Bulgaria, Serbia, and Greece formed the Balkan League and declared war on Turkey in an attempt to reclaim territory in Eastern Europe. Montenegro declared war on the Ottoman Empire on 8 October. Bulgaria, Serbia and Greece would follow Montenegro's lead and declare war on the Ottoman Empire on 18 October
Given the burden of a pending war in the Balkans, the plenipotentiaries from Italy and Turkey quickly wrapped up the negotiations and signed a preliminary Treaty of Peace in Lausanne, Switzerland on 15 October. The final draft of the treaty which has come to be known as the Treaty of Ouchy was signed on 18 October 1912
Aftermath
The major provisions of the Treaty of Ouchy provided that all hostilities were to be ended and the Ottoman Empire was to immediately recall its officers, troops, and civil functionaries. Full amnesty for all hostile acts was granted, common law crimes excepted. Italy was to withdraw their forces from the Aegean Islands. The Ottoman Empire was to grant autonomy to Tripolitania and Cyrenaica.
With these provisions, Italy was free to continue its occupation of Tripolitania. As a part of its plan to exercise sovereignty over the territory, Italy stated that it would recognize Turkey's Sultan's as the religious authority in Tripolitania. In addition, Italy stated that the inhabitants of Tripolitania would be permitted to enjoy complete liberty in the Mahommedan religion as in the past with the name of the Sultan pronounced in public prayers and their personal representative recognized. Finally, two commissions, one for Tripoli and one for Cyrenaica, were established to confer with the Arab chieftains to persuade them to submit to Italian sovereignty.
Citations
References
Further reading
Kuwayfia
1911 in Libya
1911 in the Ottoman Empire
November 1911 events
is a Japanese dancer, actor and director.  They are member and former performer of J-Pop group Exile. They were part of the first generation J Soul Brothers. Since 2016 they have been serving as the chairperson of the Gekidan Exile Matsu-gumi.
Matsumoto is represented with LDH.
Participating groups
Personal life
On July 22, 2013, Matsu announced their engagement to a non-celebrity woman after 7 years of dating. The couple registered their marriage on January 1, 2014.
On April 21, 2016, it was announced that the couple had welcomed their first child, a boy.
Filmography
※His roles in bold are their leading roles
Stage
Films
TV dramas
Internet drama
TV programmes
Advertisements
Radio
Voice acting
Music videos
Bibliography
Books
Lyrics
Productions
CD jackets
DVD
Directorial theatre works
Films
References
External links
at Exile Official Website
Japanese male dancers
Japanese male actors
People from Kawasaki, Kanagawa
1975 births
Living people
LDH (company) artists
Randy Hogan may refer to:
Randy Hogan (musician)
Randy Hogan (wrestler)
Langs (also, Lang Crossing) is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. Situated at an elevation of above sea level, it still appeared on maps as of 1902. Langs is located on the South Yuba River, west of Yuba Gap.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Madeleine of Savoy (1510–1574) was a French court official, and the wife of constable Anne de Montmorency, a leading soldier and politician, whom they married in 1526. After they were widowed in 1567 they served as Première dame d'honneur to the queen of France, Elisabeth of Austria, from 1570 until 1574.
Life
They were the daughter of René of Savoy and Anne Lascaris. In 1570, they were appointed to the office of Première dame d'honneur to the new queen of France, Elisabeth of Austria, and as such responsible for the female courtiers, controlling the budget, purchases, annual account and staff list, daily routine and presentations to the queen.
Madeleine of Savoy was described as an austere and strict Catholic with a deep dislike of the Huguenots, but not as personally involved in politics, though they were a gathering force for their politically active relations and siblings.
Issue
They had twelve children:
François (1530–1579), succeeded their father as duke of Montmorency.
Henri (1534–1614), succeeded their elder brother as duke of Montmorency.
Charles (1537–1612), Admiral of France
Gabriel
Guillaume (died 1594)
Eléonore (died 1557) married François de La Tour d'Auvergne, parents of Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne, Duke of Bouillon
Jeanne (1528–1596), married Louis III de La Trémoille.
Catherine (1532–1624) married Gilbert de Lévis, Duke of Ventadour and had issue; great great grandparents of Anne Geneviève de Lévis;
Marie
Anne
Louise
Madeleine
References
Sources
Françoise Kermina, Les Montmorency, grandeur et déclin, Perrin, Paris, 2002.
Henri de Panisse-Passis, Les comtes de Tende de la maison de Savoie, Librairie Firmin-Didot et Cie, 1889, 386 p
1510 births
1574 deaths
16th-century French people
French ladies-in-waiting
Court of Francis I of France
Court of Charles IX of France
Pielaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Uchanie, west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Pielaki
Leeds Festival may refer to:
Reading and Leeds Festivals (1999-), a rock music festival in Leeds (in Bramham Park since 2003), West Yorkshire, England
Leeds Festival (classical music) (1858-1985), European classical music festival in Leeds
Leeds Festival Chorus, choir founded in 1858 for first Leeds Festival and still active
Pobołowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Noon Mediterranean (formerly VERTS Mediterranean Grill and VERTS KEBAP) was an Austin-based fast casual restaurant chain. The company created the world's smallest food truck out of a Smart Car in 2011. In May 2016, it was rated ninth on Restaurant Business Online's list of Top 25 Fastest-Growing Fast Casuals. As of November 2017, Noon had 20 locations in the United States. Noon co-founder Dominik Stein was included on Forbes "30 Under 30" list under the Food & Drink category in 2017.
History
Verts was founded in 2011 by two University of Texas and WHU - Otto Beisheim School of Management alumni, Michael Heyne and Dominik Stein, to recreate popular food from Europe which was not available in America.
In February 2014, the chain announced it would be expanding into Houston. In October 2014, Verts entered an agreement to open three locations in Dallas–Fort Worth. Verts opened its first San Antonio location in September 2015. In December 2015, the company brought in $20 million in private equity, which would be used to expand the restaurant to the east coast. The first Plano location opened in April 2016. Poets & Quants named Verts one of the Top MBA Startups in January 2016.
In September 2016, Verts announced a new location in Center City, Philadelphia, which opened in March 2017. In November 2016, Verts opened a new location in Boston and announced a New York City location. Two more Boston locations were announced in February 2017, and a location in Washington D.C. was announced that March. Also in March 2017, Verts was featured on CNBC's list of 10 hot restaurant brands to watch. In July 2017, Yelp showed that a total of 11 Texas locations were closed, including five in and around Austin, all three in San Antonio, and three in cities surrounding Dallas/Ft. Worth.
In November 2017, Verts was rebranded as Noon Mediterranean.
Noon filed for bankruptcy on August 6, 2018 and was acquired by the parent company of Daphne's Greek Cafe on October 7, 2018. Noon restaurants were rebranded as Daphne's in 2019 but were shuttered in late July, 2019.
References
External links
(archive)
Restaurants established in 2011
2011 establishments in Texas
Fast casual restaurants
Companies that filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2018
Defunct restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants disestablished in 2018
Companies based in Austin, Texas
The Prospect Hospice is a charity based in Swindon established in 1980 providing palliative care.
It initially established a base at the Victoria Hospital in Swindon's Old Town and moved into purpose-built premises in 1995.
Swindon Clinical Commissioning Group agreed in June 2015 to fund a community therapy team at the Prospect Hospice, providing occupational and physiotherapy at home, in order to reduce pressure on hospital beds.
References
External links
Prospect Hospice
Hospices in England
Health in Wiltshire
1980 establishments in England
Polylopha sichnostola is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Sumba in eastern Indonesia.
References
Moths described in 1984
Polyorthini
DYMD-TV, channel 33, is a commercial television relay station owned by TV5. Its transmitter located at Iloilo-Capiz National Highway, Brgy, Cabugao, Roxas, Capiz. The station began its operations in 2015.
TV and radio stations nationwide
References
External links
Official Site
Television stations in Roxas, Capiz
TV5 (Philippine TV network) stations
Television channels and stations established in 2015
Harter Hill is a summit in the Central New York Region of New York. It is located north of Jordanville, New York in the Town of Warren in Herkimer County.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Revenge of Itzik Finkelstein (translit. Nikmato Shel Itzik Finkelstein) is a 1993 Israeli fantasy comedy film directed by Enrique Rottenberg. It stars Moshe Ivgy, Estevan Gotfreed, Dvora Halter-Keidar and Shmil Ben Ari. Critically acclaimed, it won the Ophir Award for Best Film. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 66th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
See also
List of submissions to the 66th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1993 films
1990s science fiction comedy films
Israeli science fiction comedy films
1990s fantasy-comedy films
1993 comedy films
Boolarra virus (BoV) is a member of the family Nodaviridae. It was named after Boolarra, Victoria where it was first discovered after infecting and killing or severely debilitating a pest larva. As of now, the only known host for Boolarra virus is the Oncopera intricoides which a moth that is endemic to Victoria (Australia).
History and discovery
In the winter of 1977, an outbreak of Oncopera intricoides prompted examination of the insect and its habits. While examining the pest, many dead and terminal larvae were found. After looking closely to discover the cause these insects' ailment, researchers were unable to find any traces of bacteria, fungi, or protozoa that could have contributed to the insects' death. After further examination, the researchers found viral particles that were found to be members of the Nodaviridae. After comparing the RNA genome of this virus with that of other members of the Nodaviridae, it was found to be different and therefore a new member of the Nodaviridae. After this discovery, the virus was named after the place where the infected Oncopera intricoides were found; Boolarra, Victoria.
Physical data
Boolarra virus typically measures around 30 nano-meters and is approximately 21 percent RNA. Boolarra virus is characterized by its polyhedral shape. The virus only shares a significant portion of the same amino acid sequence with the Nodamura virus, which is a similar Nodavirus. Among other Nodoviruses, Boolarra was not very similar concerning amino acid sequences. Still a very rare virus, Boolarra virus can only be found in a very small population of moths that is endemic to the region of Victoria, Australia. While only found within this small population, the virus causes severe harm to occur to infected larvae and can even cause death.
References
Nodaviridae
Aspergillus persii is a species of fungus in the genus Aspergillus which can cause onychomycosis. It is from the Circumdati section. Aspergillus persii produces xanthomegnin and ochratoxin A.
Growth and morphology
A. persii has been cultivated on both Czapek yeast extract agar (CYA) plates and Malt Extract Agar Oxoid® (MEAOX) plates. The growth morphology of the colonies can be seen in the pictures below.
References
Further reading
persii
Fungi described in 2002
The South Africa women's national field hockey team represents South Africa in international field hockey matches and tournaments.
Tournament history
Summer Olympics
World Cup
Commonwealth Games
Africa Cup of Nations
All-Africa Games
African Olympic Qualifier
World League
2012–13 – 12th place
2014–15 – 14th place
2016–17 – 10th place
Hockey Nations Cup
Champions Trophy
2000 – 5th place
Champions Challenge
Current squad
The Squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup.
Head coach: Giles Bonnet
See also
South Africa men's national field hockey team
South Africa women's national under-21 field hockey team
South Africa women's national under-18 field hockey team
Notes
References
External links
FIH profile
African women's national field hockey teams
Field hockey
National
M/S Sundbuss Pernille (between 2007 and 2010 named Siletta Ace) is a passenger ferry operating the HH ferry route between Helsingborg, Sweden and Helsingør, Denmark. The vessel currently operates the route for the Danish shipping company Sundbusserne A/S.
History
The ferry was built in 1981 by Lindstølds Skips and Baatbyggeri A/S in Risør, for A/S Moltzau Tankrederi from Oslo. They were deployed by the shipping company Sundsbusserne A/S between Helsingborg and Helsingör under the name M/S Sundbuss Pernille on 19 June 1981. It was under the Norwegian flag until 2001 when it switched to the Swedish flag with the home port of Helsingborg.
In 2003, Sundbuss Pernille collided in close fog with the Mercandia IV ferry from HH-Ferries shipping company when it was entering Helsingör's port. Pernille suffered minor damage to their command bridge while three people were injured.
In December 2006, the ferries were taken over by Eitzen Holding while the shipping company was rebranded as Ace Link. The new shipping company made a significant effort to bolster the route, purchasing two new and larger vessels named M/S Siluna Ace and M/S Simara Ace, which were originally intended to replace the M/S Sundbuss Pernille. However, it was decided by Ace Link to keep the M/S Sundbuss Pernille in service as a spare ferry and rename it the M/S Siletta Ace, reflecting the naming scheme of the two newer vessels. The ferry was also repainted to mimic the new vessels' livery.
Due to lower than expected demand along the route, ACE Link eventually decided to run the smaller Siletta Ace in an effort to cut operating costs. This effort proved fruitless, and on 4 January 2010, Ace Link declared bankruptcy, due primarily to the significant debt the company accumulated following the purchase of the two larger vessels. As a result, the company brought all three ships out of service.
In June 2010, a group of Danish investors started a new shipping company along the same route under the new name Sundbusserne. The new company bought the Siletta Ace from Eitzen Holding and renamed the ferry to M/S Sundbus Pernille. On 11 July, the Pernille was put back into service as the company's sole vessel. Today, the ship departs Helsingør every hour.
References
Helsingør
Transport in Helsingborg
Ferries of Sweden
Ferries of Denmark
1981 ships
Khushbu is an Indian politician and actor.
Khushbu may also refer to:
Khushbu (poetry), a 1976 volume of poetry
Khushbu Thakkar, an Indian actor
See also
Khushboo (disambiguation)
Alberto Sánchez (born 12 August 1969) is a Spanish sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, they were eliminated in the repechages of the K-2 1000 m event. Four years later in Barcelona, Sánchez was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event.
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1969 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Spain
Spanish male canoeists
Slobodinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 47 as of 2002.
Geography
Slobodinskaya is located 28 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Silivanovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Mings is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christopher Myngs (1625–1666), English naval officer and privateer
Tyrone Mings (born 1993), English footballer
See also
Ming (surname)
The blue-naped pitta (Hydrornis nipalensis) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae.
Description
It is a brightly colored bird, with a stub-tail. It is blue and green above, with a reddish-yellow coloring below. The bird's nape and hindneck are bright blue, and the tail is brown with a bit of green. The male and female birds are similar, but the female's hindcrown is reddish-brown, not blue, and it has a green hindneck.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It can be found in bamboo jungles.
Behavior
It is a terrestrial bird. It usually ventures out into clearings only early in the morning and late in the evening. Its call is a double whistle and can be heard when it is on the ground and from a tree at dawn and dusk. The nesting season is April to August, during which both the male and female birds share the parental duties.
Diet and feeding
Its diet consists of ground insects and other small animals.
References
blue-naped pitta
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Laos
Birds of Vietnam
blue-naped pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Bermuda night heron (Nyctanassa carcinocatactes) is an extinct heron species from Bermuda. It is sometimes assigned to the genus Nycticorax. It was first described by Storrs L. Olson & David B. Wingate (2006) from subfossil material found in the Pleistocene and Holocene deposits in caves and ponds of Bermuda. Its anatomy was rather similar to its living relative, the yellow-crowned night heron (Nyctanassa violacea), but it had a heavier bill, a more massive skull and more robust hind limbs. The specialization of the bill and the hind limbs showed that it was apparently adapted to the feeding on land crabs.
There are also early historian reports referring to the species. It possibly became extinct due to the settlement of the Bermuda islands in the 17th century. On Bermuda the asupervisorstioned yellow-crowned night heron has been introduced to act as its equivalent in the ecosystem.
References
Birds of Bermuda
Bird extinctions since 1500
Birds described in 2006
Nyctanassa
Taxa named by David B. Wingate
Late Quaternary prehistoric birds
The British Virgin Islands requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Many plates have 'Virgin Islands' and 'Nature's Little Secrets' above and below the sequence respectively. Before 1996, European standard 520 mm × 110 mm sizes and British stamping dies were used, but current plates are North American standard 6 × 12 inches (152 × 300 mm) as used in the US Virgin Islands.
See also
Vehicle registration plates of British overseas territories
References
External links
British Virgin Islands
Transport in the British Virgin Islands
British Virgin Islands-related lists
Bruno Lança de Andrade (born February 18, 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer.
An Atlético Paranaense youth product, they signed a new two-year contract for Paranaense in March 2005. On 31 August 2005, they left for Reggina. Bruno returned to Brazil for Santa Cruz of Campeonato Brasileiro Série A. In February 2007, they left for Wuhan of Chinese Super League, and played as 布鲁诺.
On 22 February 2008, they signed a contract until the end of Campeonato Paulista for Mirassol.
External links
SambaFoot
CBF
Profile & Statistics at Guardian's Stats Centre
1983 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Reggina 1914 players
Serie A players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from São Paulo
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Noroeste players
Paysandu Sport Club players
Volta Redonda FC players
Whitrope Siding was a trailing short siding or spur off the "up" (southbound) line, an associated trailing cross-over between up and down lines, a pair of railway cottages and a signal box on the Waverley Line or Waverley Route. It was used as a goods loading bay. The site is now the home of the Whitrope Heritage Centre, as well as the current terminus of the heritage Border Union Railway.
The siding is located just south of the highest point on the line, the famous Whitrope Summit, 1006 ft above sea level. It is approximately 300 metres south from Whitrope Tunnel, and 4 km north from Hermitage, Scottish Borders.
Whitrope Heritage Centre
Waverley Route Heritage Association maintains a small museum of old Waverley Route related artefacts and photographs within a static carriage (Mk2 BSO 9400) together with an adjoining buffet carriage (69316 from a 4BIG EMU).
As of 2019, there is now a platform on the "down" side with over of track laid from the tunnel over the summit southward to Bridge 200. There is a plan to rebuild a replica of the old Whitrope Signal Box, as well as to extend the running line southwards to the former site of Riccarton Junction. In 2005 a survey was carried out on Whitrope Tunnel to determine if a northern extension through it towards Shankend would be possible.
As well as the two static carriages mentioned above, there are also two locomotives on site; the WRHA's own shunter 0-6-0 DM JF 4240015 of 1962 which arrived on 9 December 2009, and 4w DM Ruston - a 48DS on loan from Rocks by Rail and arrived on 14 June 2011.
On 16 April 2012 another item of rolling stock arrived; Mk2f RFO 1215 on loan from Northumbria Rail Ltd. It was planned that this would be joined by Mk2f BSO 9538 (also from Northumbria Rail) and this carriage were intended to form a short rake for passenger trains later in the year.
On 31 May 2012 BRE / Leyland railbus RB004 on loan from Northumbria Rail Ltd, was unloaded at the site having been moved up by road from the Midland Railway: Butterley in Derbyshire by Reid Freight the day before. Early in 2020 it was announced that this was shortly expected to be joined by two production British Rail Class 142 Pacer units, 142019 and 142020, latterly in service with Northern.
See also
Whitrope Tunnel
List of places in the Scottish Borders
List of places in Scotland
External links
Waverley Route Heritage Association - official site
RCAHMS record for Whitrope Tunnel
RCAHMS record for Whitrope Culvert, Access Footbridge
RCAHMS record of Whitrope Cottages, Railway Linesmans Cottage
RCAHMS record for Whitrope Summit Sidings and Signal Box
Images of tunnels
Navvyman: Chapter 12 - The Making of Hawick
GEOGRAPH image: Whitrope Siding
Gazetteer for Scotland: Whitrope Tunnel
Video footage of the tunnel approach and Whitrope Siding station
References
Rail transport in Scotland
Buildings and structures in the Scottish Borders
Museums in the Scottish Borders
Railway museums in Scotland
Acquacotta (; Italian for "cooked water") is a hot broth-based bread soup in Italian cuisine that was originally a peasant food. Its preparation and consumption dates back to ancient history, and it originated in the coastal area known as the Maremma in southern Tuscany and northern Lazio. The dish was invented in part as a means to make hardened, stale bread edible. In contemporary times, ingredients can vary, and additional ingredients are sometimes used. Variations of the dish include aquacotta con funghi and aquacotta con peperoni.
History
Acquacotta is a simple traditional dish originating in the coastal region of Italy known as Maremma, which spans the southern half of Tuscany's coast and runs into northern Lazio. The word "acquacotta" means "cooked water" in the Italian language. It was originally a peasant food, and has been described as an ancient dish, the recipe of which was derived in part by people who lived in the Tuscan forest working as colliers (charcoal makers), who were typically very poor, being "traditionally among the poorest of people". It was also prepared and consumed by farmers and shepherds in the Maremma area. Historically, the soup was sometimes served as an antipasto dish, the first course in an Italian meal. It remains a popular dish in Maremma and throughout Italy.
Acquacotta was invented in part as a means to make stale, hardened bread edible. People that worked away from home for significant periods of time, such as woodcutters and shepherds, would bring bread and other foods with them (such as pancetta and salt cod) to hold them over. Acquacotta was prepared and used to marinate the stale bread, thus softening it.
A legend about acquacotta exists in relation to the concept of stone soup, which is generally based upon a premise of a poor traveler who arrived at a village having only a stone, but convinced the villagers to add ingredients to their stone soup, creating acquacotta; variations of the legend exist.
Ingredients
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients were water, stale bread, onion, tomato and olive oil, along with various vegetables and leftover foods that may have been available. In the earlier 1800s, some preparations used agresto, a juice derived from half-ripened grapes, in place of tomatoes, which were not a common food in Italy prior to "the latter decades of the nineteenth century".
In contemporary times
Contemporary preparations of acquacotta may use stale, fresh, or toasted bread, and can include additional ingredients such as vegetable broth, eggs, cheeses such as Parmigiano-Reggiano and pecorino Toscano, celery, garlic, basil, beans such as cannellini beans, cabbage, kale, lemon juice, salt, pepper, potatoes and others. Some versions may use edible mushrooms such as porcini, wild herbs, and leaf vegetables and greens such as arugula, endive, mint, chard, chicory, dandelion greens, watercress, valerian and others. As the greens boil down, they contribute to the broth's flavor. The dish may be topped with a poached egg. Contemporary versions may be prepared in advance from a few hours to a day, stored in a cold place or refrigerated, and then reheated prior to serving. It can also be preserved by freezing.
Variations
Acquacotta con funghi is an aquacotta soup variation that uses porcini mushrooms as a primary ingredient. Additional ingredients include bread, stock or water, tomato conserva, Parmesan cheese, eggs, mentuccia, wild mint, garlic, olive oil, salt, and pepper. This variation's flavor and aroma has been described as based upon the porcini mushrooms that are used; parsley may also be used.
Acquacotta con peperoni is an aquacotta soup variation that includes celery, red pepper and garlic.
See also
Bread soup
Food history
Garbure
List of bread dishes
List of Italian soups
List of soups
Lablabi
Migas
Pancotto
Ribollita
Wodzionka
Notes
References
External links
Acquacotta. BBC.
Acquacotta. James Beard Foundation.
Ancient dishes
Bread soups
Italian soups
Peasant food
Harbin University of Science and Technology () is a university in Harbin, China. Previously known as Harbin University of Science and Technology (). It is colloquially known as Hakeda (), or Harbin Institute of Electrical Technology(). It is colloquially known as Hadiangong ().
Introduction
Harbin University of Science and Technology (HrbUST) is the largest province-owned engineering university in Heilongjiang Province, located in city of Harbin.
HrbUST was founded in the early 1950s. After half a century's development it has become a multidisciplinary university whose discipline layout is featured with electromechanical engineering as its lead as well as an integration of science and engineering, economy, management, humanities, and law.
It has four campuses: East Campus, West Campus, South Campus, and North Campus in three districts: Daoli, Nangang, and Xiangfang, covering over 1,275,000 m2, with a total building area of more than 850,000 m2, its fixed assets being ¥1.032 billion RMB. The library has a collection of 2.075 million books and about 4,900 Chinese and foreign journals and periodicals.
In 1995, three higher institutes, Harbin University of Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Electrical Technology and Harbin Higher Industrial Vocational College, combined into the present Harbin University of Science and Technology (HUST). Founded in the 1950s, the three all once belonged to the former Ministry of Machinery. In 1998, HUST was transferred to the administration of Heilongjiang Province. In 2008, HUST became one of the 10 key universities of the province. After 60 years of development, this university has become a teaching-research university with distinctive styles and comprehensive strengths, focusing on specialties of engineering and a combination of engineering and science, with coordinated development of the following disciplines: economics, management, philosophy, literature, laws and education. In 2003, HUST was awarded by the Ministry of Education as an excellent university in undergraduate teaching evaluation. In 2011, it received the title of role model of graduates' employment by the Ministry of Education and in 2015 it became a university jointly constructed by the province and the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence (SASTIND).
HUST boasts four campuses, among which the East, West and South campus are in Harbin and the Rongcheng campus is in Rongcheng, Shandong Province, covering 2,100,000 m2, with a total infrastructure area of 950,000 m2. Its library has a collection of 2.48 million books, 6,110 GB e-books, 150,000 Chinese and foreign journals and periodicals, and 31 literature databases. The total number of teaching staff is 2,960, of whom 1,690 are full-time faculty and 1,400 are associate professors or professors, one academician of Chinese Academy of Engineering, and the total number of students has reached 34,000, along with more than 100 international students.
HUST has 20 colleges, one teaching department and one training center, offering 59 bachelor degree programs and nine junior college programs, eight of which are national first-rank characteristic disciplines, three national “Outstanding Engineer Cultivation” pilot specialties; one national bachelor reform pilot specialty, 19 provincial key specialties, six provincial bachelor reform specialties, two provincial “Outstanding Engineer Cultivation” pilot specialties, six provincial bachelor degree reform pilot specialties, two provincial “Outstanding Engineer Cultivation” pilot specialties; six doctorate authorization first-rate disciplines, 21 doctorate authorization second-rate disciplines; 21 master degree authorization first-rate disciplines; 89 master degree authorization second-rate disciplines; five professional master degree authorization disciplines and 19 engineering master degree authorization specialties; seven post-doctoral research stations in the fields of Electrical Engineering, Instrument Science and Technology, Material Science and Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Management Science and Engineering, Business Administration and Computer Science and Technology. High Voltage and Insulation Technology is a state-rate key discipline. There are 10 provincial first-rate key disciplines. HUST also has a Key Lab of the Ministry of Education and an Engineering Research Center of the Ministry of Education, 11 provincial key laboratories (engineering centers), among which the Dielectric Material Engineering Provincial Key Laboratory was rated by the Ministry of Science and Technology as a state-province jointly constructed key pilot laboratory cultivation foundation, High Efficient Cutting and Cutting Tool Technology Engineering Laboratory was rated by the National Development and Reform Commission asa state-province joint engineering laboratory, theAdvanced Electrical Equipment Manufacturing and Intelligent Operation Collaborative Innovation Center was rated as one of the first provincial “Collaborative Innovation Centers of 2011”; six provincial college key labs, four provincial college-enterprise cooperation engineering research center and one Architecture Design Institute with class-A aptitude; one national university science park, two national experimental teaching demonstration centers, six national engineering practice centers, two national off-campus practice bases, one national high-quality resource-sharing course, two national high-quality video courses.
Since the 12th Five-Year Plan, HUST has undertaken 171 state projects, including “973 Programs”, “863 Programs” and State Natural Science Foundation projects, 283 provincial projects and 1,130 enterprise-commissioned projects. For the technological achievements, HUST has won 137 awards, among which 81 were of provincial level. The teaching and research staff have published more than 4,600 academic papers, 3,200 of which have been collected into the three major retrieval systems. In teaching research, HUST has won nine first-rate and 17 second-rate provincial teaching achievement awards, five first-rate, 15 second-rate, and 12 third-rate provincial teaching and research achievement awards, undertaking 166 provincial teaching and research programs. 4,114 students have taken part in various competitions: international level, 73; national level, 1,065, and provincial level, 2976, undertaking 102 national students' innovative programs, 78 provincial students' innovative programs.
HUST publishes four journals: Electric Machines and Control, Journal of Harbin University of Science and Technology, Science-Technology and Management, and Research of Ideological and Political Education, among whichElectric Machines and Controlis collected into EI Compendex (core) database, a state key journal, a CSCD cited journal, and an excellent sci-tech journal in China. TheJournal of Harbin University of Science and Technologyis a state key academic journal, one of the “China Excellent Sci-tech Journals”. Science-Technology and Managementis a RCCSE core academic journal, a China college sci-tech academic journal with characteristics(2011-2012).Research of Ideological and Political Educationis a CSSCI journal (2014-2015), a China humanities core journal, an RCCSE authoritative academic journal, and one of the “100 Excellent College Hunaities Journals”.
With the guideline of coordinating internal and external resources, HUST actively promotes international cooperation and academic exchanges. So far it has established a long-term cooperation with more than 50 universities or research institutes in more than 20 countries in Europe, America and the Asian-Pacific region, actively engaged in students' joint cultivating and training, teachers' academic changes and cooperation and sci-tech research, and upgrading the university's school-running ability and comprehensive strengths.
With more than 60 years of development, HUST has cultivated tens of thousands of talents for manufacturing industry, and many graduates have become backbones in technical field or leaders in large or medium enterprises. The university is renowned as the “Cradle of Engineers”, the “West Point” in the wire and cable industry. Facing the future, HUST will “stabilize school size, improve school-running capability, highlight school characteristics, and consolidate the basis for a high-level teaching-research university” so that it will be recognized and accepted by the society and in which teachers, students, and alumni will take pride.
To conform to national economy and social development and to take the advantage of talents, HrbUST has set up 45 research institutes guided by the strategy of emphasizing subject development, teaching and research. From 1996 to now, the university has undertaken over 1,951 state and provincial projects with 900 research results (183 winning prizes). The university has published more than 5,770 academic papers, 386 books in special subjects. Insisting on opening to the outside, seizing the opportunity of reforming old industrial bases in the Northeast China, and following the course of manufacturing, learning and researching, HrbUST has set up bases of research result cultivation to transform the results into productive forces and cooperate with local governments.
Exchange and cooperation
HrbUST has established long-term friendly cooperation with many universities or research institutes in more than 10 countries. HrbUST has jointly run schools with the following foreign universities: Troy State University (US), Oriental New Mexican University, Pittsburgh University, City University London (UK), Novosibirsk State Technical University (Russia), La Trobe University, Edith Cowan University (Australia), Chubu University (Japan), Capilano College (Canada), Université Laval (Canada), European University Cyprus (Cyprus), etc.
Faculties
School of Mechanical and Power Engineering
School of Material Science and Engineering
School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering
School of Computer Science and Technology
School of Measurement-Control Tech and Communications Engineering
School of Economic Management
School of Applied Sciences
School of Art Design
School of Software
School of Chemistry and Environmental Engineering
School of International Cultural Education
School of Architecture and Civil Engineering
School of Automation
School of Laws
Foreign Language Institute
School of Continual Education
Postgraduate Training Division
Physical Training Dept
Military Training and Teaching Dept
Foreign Language Teaching Dept
Marxism–Leninism Teaching and Research Dept
Modern Education and Technology Center
Engineering Training Center
Campus Network Information Center
Computer Center
External links
Harbin University of Science and Technology (HrbUST)
哈尔滨理工大学官网
Official website of Hrbust
Universities and colleges in Heilongjiang
Universities and colleges in Harbin
Technical universities and colleges in China
Educational institutions established in 1950
1950 establishments in China
IDAT, iDAT, or i-DAT may refer to one of the following:
International Dance and Technology Conference
IDAT, ("image data") a part of the Portable Network Graphics (png) format
Political globalization refers to the growth of the worldwide political system, both in size and complexity. That system includes national governments, their governmental and intergovernmental organizations as well as government-independent elements of global civil society such as international non-governmental organizations and social movement organizations. One of the key aspects of the political globalization is the declining importance of the nation-state and the rise of other actors on the political scene. The creation and existence of the United Nations is called one of the classic examples of political globalization.
Political globalization is one of the three main dimensions of globalization commonly found in academic literature, with the two other being economic globalization and cultural globalization.
Definitions
William R. Thompson has defined it as "the expansion of a global political system, and its institutions, in which inter-regional transactions (including, but certainly not limited to trade) are managed". Valentine M. Moghadam defined it as "an increasing trend toward multilateralism (in which the United Nations plays a key role), to an emerging 'transnational state apparatus,' and toward the emergence of national and international nongovernmental organizations that act as watchdogs over governments and have increased their activities and influence". Manfred B. Steger in turn wrote that it "refers to the intensification and expansion of political interrelations across the globe". The longer definition by Colin Crouch goes as follows: "Political globalization refers to the growing power of institutions of global governance such as the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Trade Organization (WTO). But it also refers to the spread and influence of international non-governmental organizations, social movement organizations and transnational advocacy networks operating across borders and constituting a kind of global civil society." Finally, Gerard Delanty and Chris Rumford define it as "a tension between three processes which interact to produce the complex field of global politics: global geopolitics, global normative culture and polycentric networks." The book World Federalist Manifesto, Guide to Political Globalization defines political globalization as "the creation of a system of global governance that regulates relationships among nations and guarantees the rights arising from social and economic globalization."
Methodology
Salvatore Babones discussing sources used by scholars for studying political globalizations noted the usefulness of Europa World Year Book for data on diplomatic relationships between countries, publications of International Institute for Strategic Studies such as The Military Balance for matters of military, and US government publication Patterns of Global Terrorism for matters of terrorism.
Political globalization is measured by aggregating and weighting data on the number of embassies and high commissioners in a country, the number of the country's membership in international organization, its participation in the UN peacekeeping missions, and the number of international treaties signed by said country. This measure has been used by Axel Dreher, Noel Gaston, Pim Martens Jeffrey Haynes and is available from the KOF institute at ETH Zurich.
Aspects
Like globalization itself, political globalization has several dimensions and lends itself to a number of interpretations. It has been discussed in the context of new emancipatory possibilities, as well as in the context of loss of autonomy and fragmentation of the social world. Political globalization can be seen in changes such as democratization of the world, creation of the global civil society, and moving beyond the centrality of the nation-state, particularly as the sole actor in the field of politics. Some of the questions central to the discussion of the political globalization are related to the future of the nation-state, whether its importance is diminishing and what are the causes for those changes; and understanding the emergence of the concept of global governance. The creation and existence of the United Nations has been called one of the classic examples of political globalization. Political actions by non-governmental organizations and social movements, concerned about various topics such as environmental protection, is another example.
David Held has proposed that continuing political globalization may lead to the creation of a world government-like cosmopolitan democracy, though this vision has also been criticized as too idealistic.
Political Globalization and Nation State
There is a heated debate over Political Globalization and Nation State. The question arises whether or not political globalization signifies the decline of the nation-state. Hyper globalists argue that globalization has engulfed today's world in such a way that state boundaries are beginning to lose significance. However, skeptics disregard this as naiveté, believing that the nation-state remains the supreme actor in international relations.
See also
Global citizenships
Global civics
Global politics
Supranational union
Transnational citizenship
Transnationalism
References
Further reading
Ougaard, M. 2004. Political Globalization: State, Power, and Social Forces. New York: Palgrave Macmillan.
External links
KOF Index of Globalization
Globalization
Politics
Global politics
Jan Fredrik Berglund (born 21 March 1979) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a forward. They started off their career with IF Elfsborg in 1995 and became the Allsvenskan top scorer during the 2000 season. They then went on to represent Roda JC, Esbjerg fB, FC Copenhagen, and Stabæk before retiring at IF Elfsborg in early 2011. A full international between 2001 and 2006, they won 12 caps and scored two goals for the Sweden national team.
Club career
Early years
Berglund started their professional career with IF Elfsborg and was a key player together with Anders Svensson and Tobias Linderoth, the three of them were nicknamed "The Headband Gang". In the 2000 season they were top goalscorer of the Allsvenskan and they attracted interest from foreign based clubs and eventually signed for Dutch side Roda JC in a €750.000 deal.
Roda JC
Berglund had a hard time in the Netherlands and after a year and a half, they were sent on loan back to Sweden and IF Elfsborg. They returned to the Netherlands for the remaining of the 2003–04 season and played a few games.
Denmark
In the spring of 2004 Berglund moved to Danish Superliga side Esbjerg fB who paid a record transfer fee of €150,000 for him. They made their debut for Esbjerg on 14 March 2004 in a game against Brøndby IF away scoring two goals and making three assists in a 6–1 win.
Berglund played two and a half years in Esbjerg before they were transferred to Danish champions F.C. Copenhagen in the summer of 2006. They played only one season with the club, playing 52 games (Danish Superliga, Danish Cup, Royal League and UEFA Champions League) and scoring 18 goals. They once again played alongside former teammate Tobias Linderoth.
On 26 November 2006, they beat Erik Bo Andersen's record of the quickest person to score 50 goals in the Danish Superliga. Andersen had used 97 matches to score the 50 goals, but Berglund could, with a goal against Randers FC, score their goal no. 50 after 93 matches.
Return to Elfsborg
In the spring of 2007, F.C. Copenhagen brought in Brazilian striker Ailton Almeida whose arrival pushed Berglund out of the starting line-up and when the club in the summer of 2007 also signed the Danish international forward Morten Nordstrand, Berglund was suddenly fourth or fifth choice for one of the two slots in the F.C. Copenhagen attack. A few days after Nordstrand's arrival, Berglund moved back to Sweden and signed once again with IF Elfsborg. The transfer fee was reported to be 4.9 million DKK, €750,000.
Berglund played their first game for Elfsborg 12 July 2007 when they came on as a substitute in a 2–0 victory at home against AIK.
Loan to Stabæk
On 31 March, ten minutes before midnight and the end of the Norwegian transfer window, 2008 champions Stabæk announced that they had signed Fredrik on a season-long loan deal.
Retirement
On 10 January 2011, Berglund officially announced their retirement from football as a player. After being sidelined a long time with constant injuries, Berglund felt they no longer had the motivation to continue playing.
International career
Berglund was capped 12 times for the Sweden national team and scored two goals. They got their debut and scored their first international goal with the national side on 10 February 2001 against Thailand in the 2001 King's Cup. They won their 12th and ultimately final international cap for Sweden on 15 November 2006 in a friendly game against the Ivory Coast.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Sweden's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Berglund goal.
Honours
IF Elfsborg
Svenska Cupen: 2000–01
Copenhagen
Danish Superliga: 2006–07
Individual
Allsvenskan top scorer: 2000
References
External links
Career stats at Danmarks Radio
1979 births
Living people
People from Borås
Swedish footballers
Association football forwards
Sweden international footballers
Allsvenskan players
Eredivisie players
Danish Superliga players
Eliteserien players
IF Elfsborg players
Roda JC Kerkrade players
Esbjerg fB players
F.C. Copenhagen players
Stabæk Fotball players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Sportspeople from Västra Götaland County
Young as You Feel is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring Jed Prouty, Spring Byington and Joan Valerie. It was part of Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series of films. The film's plot was similar to that of the 1931 film Young as You Feel.
Cast
Jed Prouty as John Jones
Spring Byington as Mrs. John Jones
Joan Valerie as Bonnie Jones
Russell Gleason as Herbert Thompson
Kenneth Howell as Jack Jones
George Ernest as Roger Jones
June Carlson as Lucy Jones
Florence Roberts as Granny Jones
Billy Mahan as Bobby Jones
Helen Ericson as Sandra
George Givot as Boris Mousilvitch
Marvin Stephens as Tommy McGuire
Harlan Briggs as Dr. Kinsley
Harry Shannon as Gillespie
Jack Carson as Norcross
Guy Rapp as Baron Gonzales de Cordoba
Gladys Blake as Mrs. Blake
Esther Brodelet as Polly Marshall
John Elliott as Ambulance doctor
Veronica Lake as a bit part
Billy Lechner as Boy
Joan Leslie as Girl
John Sheehan as Fire Chief
Lee Shumway as Policeman
Bruce Warren as Norcross representative
Irma Wilson as Brenda Walters
References
Bibliography
Bernard A. Drew. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1940 films
1940 comedy films
1940s English-language films
American comedy films
Films directed by Malcolm St. Clair
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Washington was admitted to the Union on November 11, 1889 and elects its United States senators to Class 1 and Class 3. Its current U.S. senators are Democrats Patty Murray (since 1993) and Maria Cantwell (since 2001). Warren Magnuson was Washington's longest-serving senator (1944–1981).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 11, 1889 –November 20, 1889
| Washington elected its first senators after it was admitted to the Union.
| rowspan=3 | 1
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=2 | 1
| Washington elected its first senators after it was admitted to the Union.
| nowrap | November 11, 1889 –November 20, 1889
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 align=left | John B. Allen
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | November 20, 1889 –March 3, 1893
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1889.Legislature failed to re-elect.
| Elected in 1889.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | November 20, 1889 –March 3, 1897
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Watson C. Squire
! rowspan=5 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 2
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1891.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 4, 1893 –February 19, 1895
| The legislature failed to elect a senator for the term beginning March 4, 1893. The governor appointed John Allen to serve until March 20, 1893, but the Senate rejected their credentials.
| rowspan=4 | 2
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 align=left | John L. Wilson
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | February 19, 1895 –March 3, 1899
| rowspan=3 | Elected February 1, 1895 to finish the vacant term, but took their seat late.Lost renomination.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 29, 1897.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1897 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | George Turner
! rowspan=3 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 align=left | Addison G. Foster
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1899 –March 3, 1905
| rowspan=3 | Elected February 1, 1899.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 29, 1903.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –March 3, 1909
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Levi Ankeny
! rowspan=3 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 align=left | Samuel H. Piles
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1905 –March 3, 1911
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 27, 1905.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 19, 1909.
| rowspan=12 nowrap | March 4, 1909 –November 19, 1932
| rowspan=12 | Republican
| rowspan=12 align=right | Wesley L. Jones
! rowspan=12 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 5
| rowspan=6 align=left | Miles Poindexter
| | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1911 –March 3, 1923
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1911
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
| | Progressive
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Republican
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1916.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1920
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=8 | 6
| rowspan=8 align=left | Clarence C. Dill
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
| rowspan=8 nowrap | March 4, 1923 –January 3, 1935
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1922
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1926.Died, having already lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1928.Retired.
| rowspan=5 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 19, 1932 –November 22, 1932
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Jones's term.Retired.
| nowrap | November 22, 1932 –March 3, 1933
| | Republican
| align=right | Elijah S. Grammer
! 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1932
| rowspan=8 nowrap | March 4, 1933 –November 13, 1944
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
| rowspan=8 align=right | Homer Bone
! rowspan=8 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 align=left | Lewis B. Schwellenbach
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1935 –December 16, 1940
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1934.Resigned.
| rowspan=5 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=7 | 10
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1938.Resigned to become Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | December 16, 1940 –December 19, 1940
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 8
| rowspan=6 align=left | Monrad C. Wallgren
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | December 19, 1940 –January 9, 1945
| Appointed to finish Schwellenbach's term, having already been elected to the next term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1940.Resigned.
| rowspan=7 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | November 13, 1944 –December 14, 1944
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to finish Bone's term, having already been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=21 nowrap | December 14, 1944 –January 3, 1981
| rowspan=21 | Democratic
| rowspan=21 align=right | Warren Magnuson
! rowspan=21 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 11
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1944.
|- style="height:2em"
! 9
| align=left | Hugh B. Mitchell
| | Democratic
| nowrap | January 10, 1945 –December 25, 1946
| Appointed to finish Wallgren's term.Lost election to next term and resigned early.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 10
| rowspan=4 align=left | Harry P. Cain
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | December 26, 1946 –January 3, 1953
| Appointed to finish Mitchell's term, having already been elected to the next term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1946.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1950.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=16 | 11
| rowspan=16 align=left | Henry M. Jackson
| rowspan=16 | Democratic
| rowspan=16 nowrap | January 3, 1953 –September 1, 1983
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1952.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1958.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1970.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1976.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 17
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1980.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 3, 1981 –January 3, 1987
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Slade Gorton
! rowspan=5 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1982.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 17
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | September 1, 1983 –September 8, 1983
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 align=left | Daniel J. Evans
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | September 8, 1983 –January 3, 1989
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Jackson's term.Elected to finish Jackson's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1986.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1987 –January 3, 1993
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Brock Adams
! rowspan=3 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 13
| rowspan=6 align=left | Slade Gorton
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1989 –January 3, 2001
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1988.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1992.
| rowspan=15 nowrap | January 3, 1993 –Present
| rowspan=15 | Democratic
| rowspan=15 align=right | Patty Murray
! rowspan=15 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=12 | 14
| rowspan=12 align=left | Maria Cantwell
| rowspan=12 | Democratic
| rowspan=12 nowrap | January 3, 2001 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2006.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2010.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2012.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=2 | 24
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| 24
|
Living former senators
, there is one living former U.S. senator from Washington. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Slade Gorton (served 1981–1987 and 1989–2001) on August 19, 2020.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Washington
United States congressional delegations from Washington
References
United States senators
Washington
Bradley Lock and Key, also known as Bradley's Locksmith, is a locksmith located in Savannah, Georgia, United States. Established in 1883, it is the oldest business in operation in Savannah, and one of the oldest locksmith shops in the country. It has been located at its current address, the Patrick Duffy Building at 24 East State Street, in the northeast tything block of Wright Square, since 1967. The building it occupies was built in 1885.
Its owner from the 1950s until 2019 was William Houdini Bradley, known as Dini, whose grandfather, Simon, started the business. Their father, Aaron, meanwhile, was a hypnotist who travelled with Houdini, hence William's middle name. A third generation of Bradley family members, William retired in 2019 at the age of 85, at which point they handed the business over to their grandson, 24-year-old Andrew Bradley, extending the business's lifespan to five generations. Andrew and their sister, Caroline, used to work at the shop in the summers of their youth. Dini Bradley's son, Mark, is a Savannah attorney.
The shop contains the W. W. Law stools from when it was Levy lunch counter during Savannah's Civil Rights era.
William Bradley
William Bradley died on December 9, 2019, aged 85, and was buried in Savannah's historic Bonaventure Cemetery. They were survived by Riette, their wife of sixty years.
Bradley's brother, Milton, who was often present at the shop, was murdered in Savannah in 1994 at the age of 72. A World War II Navy veteran, they were one of six people murdered by serial killer Gary Ray Bowles. Bowles confessed to the killings but was not convicted until 25 years later. They were given the death penalty and died by lethal injection in a Florida state prison in August 2019.
Another of Bradley's brothers, Eddie, worked at the shop. They died in 2016, aged 89.
References
External links
Bradley's Lock and Key Shop – Savannah Walker Design
Locksmiths
Companies based in Savannah, Georgia
American companies established in 1883
Wright Square (Savannah) buildings
Office buildings in Savannah, Georgia
The Budapest Cog-wheel Railway, is a rack railway in the Buda part of the Hungarian capital city of Budapest. It connects a lower terminus at , two trams stops away from the Széll Kálmán tér transport interchange, with an upper terminus at . The line is integrated into the city's public transport system as tram line number 60, is in length, and was opened in 1874.
The railway is operated by BKV, who also operate the city's tram and metro lines. It runs throughout the year between the hours of 0500 and 2300. As a fully integrated part of Budapest's public transport system, standard tickets and passes can be used.
The Városmajor terminus is adjacent to the Budapest tram stop of the same name, whilst the Széchenyihegy terminus is a walk from the similarly named terminus of the Budapest Children's Railway.
History
Since 1868 a horse tramway ran on schedule from the Lánchíd to set in operation by the Budai Közúti Vaspálya Társaság (~ Public Railway Society of Buda). Nikolaus Riggenbach (the designer of the Vitznau-Rigi railway, Europe's first rack railway that opened in 1871) and a colleague, as the representatives of the Internationale Gesellschaft für Bergbahnen, applied for the construction of a rack railway uphill from to .
The building permit was issued on 3 July 1873, and construction of the line began immediately, thus enabling the service to start up in the following year. The first introductory vehicle ran from 4 p.m. on 24 June 1874, and regular traffic began on the following day. The whole line was of standard gauge, built according to Riggenbach's cog-wheel system, and was operated by steam locomotives pushing coaches uphill and hauling them downhill. The single track railway was long with a difference in elevation of .
Successful operation of the cog-wheel railway raised the issue of extending the line. The plan was brought to fruition in 1890, when traffic started to , increasing the length of the line to .
The municipal transportation company took over the railway in 1926. The new owners soon started to upgrade the line, by electrifying it using the same 550/600V DC system used by the city's trams, by adding new passing loops, replacing old trackage, and providing better schedules. New were built by SLM and Ganz, and the modernised operation started in 1929. From July 2, 1929, the new electrically powered vehicles ran every 15 minutes.
During and after World War II the line became very run down, and closure became a possibility. However this was averted, and in 1973 the line was completely rebuilt to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the merger of Buda, Pest and Óbuda into Budapest. The track was renewed using the Strub cog-wheel system, the line voltage was increased to 1,500V and new vehicles, built by SGP and BBC, introduced. The older trains last ran on 15 March 1973 and traffic using the new, and current, vehicles began on 20 August of the same year.
Future developments
The Urban and Suburban Transit Association (VEKE) is advocating that the line be extended in both directions (Normafa and Széll Kálmán tér).
Gallery
References
External links
Outline of the public transport of Budapest
Transport in Budapest
Rack railways in Hungary
Sree Sankara Vidyapeetam or Sree Sankara Vidya Peetam (also called SSVP) is a senior secondary school located in Mattanur, Kerala, India. It is named after Shri Adi Shankara. The school was established in 1994, under the auspices of Mattanur Sree Mahadeva Kshethra Samithi and now it is run by Sree Mahadeva Educational Trust (Regd.) Mattanur.
This institution is the only one of its kind in Mattanur that follows the new pattern of education under 10+2 scheme and affiliated to C.B.S.E., Delhi vide Number 930349.
Overview
This institution is named to perpetuate the memory of the Acharya “Adi Sankara”. It follows the pattern of education under 10+2 scheme and affiliated to C.B.S.E., Delhi vide Number 930349
Courses Offered
Standard I to XII is affiliated to C.B.S.E., Delhi. This school has a per-primary section having Play School, L.K.G. and U.K.G. classes.
Admission
Admission to SSVP is open to students of all nationalities who demonstrate the ability to access and benefit from programme offered by the school.
Criteria for admission
Availability of seats in appropriate classes and programs
Meeting all admission procedures and qualifications
Meeting all financial obligations
Online services
Admission registration
Fee payment
Appy for TC
References
External links
Details of School Affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education
For more information visit School website
High schools and secondary schools in Kerala
Private schools in Kerala
Schools in Kannur district
Educational institutions established in 1994
1994 establishments in Kerala
Hansjörg Jacoby is a former German curler.
 They are a .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
German male curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ridgemont Equity Partners is a private equity firm focused on making investments in middle-market companies in the U.S. within certain industries such as basic industrial, energy, healthcare, telecommunications, media and technology. The firm focuses on equity investments up to US$250 million.
Prior to forming Ridgemont in 2010, the team previously had been known as BAML Capital Partners, and prior to that Bank of America Capital Investors. Since 1993, Ridgemont and its predecessors have invested over US$4.4 billion of equity capital.
The firm is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Predecessors
Ridgemont Equity Partners completed a spinout from Bank of America in 2010, prior to which it was known as BAML Capital Partners. In turn, BAML Capital Partners traced its roots back to 1993 with the formation of Bank of America Capital Investors.
From 2009 through 2010, BAML Capital Partners was the private equity and mezzanine investment unit of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. BAML Capital Partners was formed in 2009 following the merger of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch from the combination of each bank's respective private equity units: Bank of America Capital Investors (BACI) and Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity (MLGPE).
Following the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank of America, MLGPE ceased making new investments. Bank of America Capital Investors, a private equity division of Bank of America has historically made much smaller investments than MLGPE. The two units were integrated in early 2009 with the elimination of much of the MLGPE team.
Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity
Merrill Lynch Global Private Equity (MLGPE) was the private equity investment arm of Merrill Lynch, prior to its merger with Bank of America. The MLGPE business was focused on leveraged buyout and growth capital investments across a range of industries. MLGPE was among the most active investment banking sponsored merchant banking programs in the mid-2000s buyout boom.
The firm, which is based in New York City, was founded in 1996. Since inception, MLGPE has invested more than US$5 billion of capital across more 30 companies.
Among the group's most notable investments are some of the largest leveraged buyout transactions of the last decade including The Hertz Corporation, Hospital Corporation of America, Debenhams and Rexel.
References
Merrill Lynch charges into private equity. June 13, 2008
External links
Ridgemont Equity Partners (company website)
Private equity firms of the United States
Investment banking private equity groups
Bank of America
Financial services companies established in 1993
Stephansried is a settlement in Ottobeuren, Germany.
Location
It lies East from Memmingen.
History
Stephansried was first mentioned in a document dated from 1083. There was a monastery South of the village. Its foundation document was signed on 31 December 1099 by Ottobeurer Dienstmann Hartnid von Stephansried. The parish church was built in 1494 on the territory of Ottobeuren monastery. 70 people lived here in 1564. There stood here 81 houses here in 1811, and its inhabitants' number was 16.
In 1842 several buildings were destroyed, among them there was Sebastian Kneipp's home as well.
Famous persons
Sebastian Kneipp priest, naturopathist was born here on 17 May 1821.
Gallery
References
Unterallgäu
Valsinni is a village and comune in the province of Matera, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy.
The village is bordered by Colobraro, Nocara, Noepoli, Nova Siri, Rotondella and San Giorgio Lucano.
History
The territory of the "comune" includes the ruins of the ancient city of Lagaria.
The town was known as Favale San Cataldo until 1873.
Main sights
Sights include:
the Castle, dating back to the 11th century, where the Italian Renaissance poet Isabella Morra was born, lived and died
Palazzo Melidoro
Mother Church, of medieval origins, dedicated to Santa Maria Assunta
Church of the Annunciation (17th century)
Economy
The town has an ancient tradition of millers, whose symbol is the mill of Palazzo Mauri, which is still supplied with large stone wheels.
The economy of the town is mostly based on agriculture and livestock breeding.
Culture
The main festival of Valsinni occurs on 9/10 May, including a religious procession for the patron Saint Fabian. Another event is L'estate di Isabella ("Isabella's Summer"), held every summer in the month of August to honor Renaissance poet Isabella Morra.
People
Isabella Morra, the 16th century writer and poet, came from Valsinni, at the time known as Favale .
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Sir Alasdair Muir Breckenridge, (May 1937 – 12 December 2019) was a Scottish pharmacologist.
A native of Angus, Scotland, Breckenridge studied medicine at the University of St Andrews, at a time when the medical school of that university was based in the much larger city of Dundee.
Leaving St Andrews and Dundee, they worked as a lecturer then senior lecturer at the Hammersmith Hospital and at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School (from 1964 to 1974) in London, after which they were professor of clinical pharmacology at the University of Liverpool (until 2002).
They served as chair of the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency from its inception in 2003; as a member of the Committee on Safety of Medicines from 1982 to 2003 (being chairperson from 1999 to 2003); and as a member of the Medical Research Council from 1992 to 1996. In 2005 they were appointed chair of the Emerging Science and Bioethics Advisory Committee.
They were appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1995 Birthday Honours for services to medicine and to health care and knighted in the 2004 New Year Honours for services to medicine. They were also elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (FRCP), a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (FRCPE), a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE), and a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci).
They won the Paul Martini prize in Clinical Pharmacology in 1974 and the Goulstonian lecturership at the Royal College of Physicians in 1975.
Upon their retirement from Liverpool and the National Health Service, a Festschrift was held there in their honour.
References
External links
1937 births
Date of birth missing
2019 deaths
Alumni of the University of Dundee
Alumni of the University of London
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
British pharmacologists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
A Dangerous Method is a 2011 historical drama film directed by David Cronenberg. The film stars Keira Knightley, Viggo Mortensen, Michael Fassbender, Sarah Gadon, and Vincent Cassel. Its screenplay was adapted by writer Christopher Hampton from their 2002 stage play The Talking Cure, which was based on the 1993 non-fiction book by John Kerr, A Most Dangerous Method: The Story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein.
Set on the eve of World War I, A Dangerous Method describes the turbulent relationships between Carl Jung, founder of analytical psychology; Sigmund Freud, founder of the discipline of psychoanalysis; and Sabina Spielrein, initially a patient of Jung and later a physician and one of the first female psychoanalysts.
A co-production between British, Canadian and German production companies, the film marks the third consecutive collaboration between Cronenberg and Viggo Mortensen (after A History of Violence and Eastern Promises). This is also the third Cronenberg film made with British film producer Jeremy Thomas, after completing together the William Burroughs adaptation Naked Lunch and the J. G. Ballard adaptation Crash. Filming took place between May and July 2010 in Cologne on a soundstage, with exterior shots filmed in Vienna.
A Dangerous Method premiered at the 68th Venice Film Festival and was also featured at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was theatrically released in Germany on 10 November 2011 by Universal Pictures International, in Canada on 13 January 2012 by Entertainment One and in the United Kingdom on 10 February 2012 by Lionsgate. The film grossed $24 million worldwide and received positive reviews from critics, many praising the performances of Mortensen and Fassbender and Cronenberg's direction. It appeared on several critics' year-end lists. At the 70th Golden Globe Awards, Mortensen was nominated for the Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for their portrayal of Freud.
Plot
In August 1904, Sabina Spielrein arrives at the Burghölzli, the pre-eminent psychiatric hospital in Zürich, suffering from hysteria and begins a new course of treatment with the young Swiss doctor Carl Jung. They use word association and dream interpretation as part of their approach to psychoanalysis, and finds that Spielrein's condition was triggered by the humiliation and sexual arousal they felt as a child when their father spanked them naked.
Jung and chief of medicine Eugen Bleuler recognize Spielrein's intelligence and energy, and allow them to assist them in their experiments. They measure the physical reactions of subjects during word association, to provide empirical data as a scientific basis for psychoanalysis. They soon learns that much of this new science is founded on the doctors' observations of themselves, each other, and their families, not just their patients. The doctors, Jung and Freud, correspond at length before they meet, and begin sharing their dreams and analysing each other, and Freud themselves soon adopts Jung as their heir and agent.
Jung finds in Spielrein a kindred spirit, and their attraction deepens due to transference. Jung resists the idea of cheating on their wife, Emma, and breaking the taboo of sex with a patient, but their resolve is weakened by the wild and unrepentant confidences of their new patient Otto Gross, a brilliant, philandering, unstable psychoanalyst. Gross decries monogamy in general and suggests that resistance to transference is symptomatic of the repression of normal, healthy sexual impulses, exhorting Jung to indulge themselves with abandon.
Jung finally begins an affair with Spielrein, including rudimentary bondage and spanking. Things become even more tangled as they become their advisor to their dissertation; they publish not only their studies of them as a patient but eventually their treatise as well. Spielrein wants to conceive a child with Jung, but they refuse. After their attempt to confine their relationship again to doctor and patient, they appeal to Freud for their professional help, and forces Jung to tell Freud the truth about their relationship, reminding them that they could have publicly damaged them but did not want to.
Jung and Freud journey to America. However, cracks appear in their friendship as they begin to disagree more frequently on matters of psychoanalysis. Jung and Spielrein meet to work on their dissertation in Switzerland, and begin their sexual relationship once more. However, after Jung refuses to leave their wife for her, Spielrein decides to go to Vienna. They meet Freud, and says that although they side with him, they believe they and Jung need to reconcile for psychoanalysis to continue to develop.
Following Freud's collapse at an academic conference, they and Jung continue correspondence via letters. They decide to end their relationship after increasing hostilities and accusations regarding the differences in their conceptualisation of psychoanalysis. Spielrein marries a Russian doctor and, while pregnant, visits Jung and their wife. They discuss psychoanalysis and Jung's new mistress. Jung confides that their love for Spielrein made them a better person.
The film's footnote reveals the eventual fates of the four analysts. Gross starved to death in Berlin in 1920. Freud died of cancer in London in 1939 after being driven out of Vienna by the Nazis. Spielrein trained a number of analysts in the Soviet Union, before they and their two daughters were shot by the Nazis in 1942. Jung emerged from a nervous breakdown to become the world's leading psychologist before dying in 1961.
Cast
Production
Hampton's earliest version of the screenplay, dating back to the 1990s, was written for Julia Roberts in the role of Sabina Spielrein, but the film was never realized. Hampton re-wrote the screenplay for the stage, before producer Jeremy Thomas acquired the rights for both the earlier script and the stage version.
The film was produced by Britain's Recorded Picture Company, with Germany's Lago Film and Canada's Prospero Film acting as co-producers. Additional funding was provided by Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg, MFG Baden-Württemberg, Filmstiftung NRW, the and Film Fund, Ontario Media Development Corp and Millbrook Pictures.
Christoph Waltz was initially cast as Sigmund Freud, but was replaced by Viggo Mortensen due to a scheduling conflict. Christian Bale had been in talks to play Carl Jung, but they too had to drop out because of scheduling conflicts.
Filming began on 26 May and ended on 24 July 2010. Exteriors were shot in Vienna and interiors were filmed on a soundstage in Cologne (MMC Studios Köln), Germany. Viennese locations included the Café Sperl, Berggasse 19, and the Schloss Belvedere. Lake Constance (Bodensee) stood in for Lake Zurich.
A noted feature of the film is the extensive use in the musical score of leitmotifs from Wagner's third Ring opera Siegfried, mostly in piano transcription. In fact the composer Howard Shore has said that the structure of the film is based on the structure of the Siegfried opera.
Release
Universal Pictures released the film in German-speaking territories, while Lionsgate took rights to the United Kingdom and Sony Pictures Classics distributed the film in the United States. The film debuted at the Venice Film Festival in Italy on 2 September 2011.
Reception
On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 78% approval rating, based on 187 reviews with an average rating of 6.85/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "A provocative historical fiction about the early days of psychoanalysis, A Dangerous Method is buoyed by terrific performances by Michael Fassbender, Keira Knightley, and Viggo Mortensen."
Louise Keller reports from Urban Cinephile, "The best scenes are those between Mortensen and Fassbender...the tension between the two men mounts as their views conflict: Freud insists that sex is an underlying factor in every neurosis while Jung, interested in spiritualism and the occult, is disappointed by what they consider to be Freud's 'rigid pragmatism.'"
Andrew O'Hehir's review on Salon notes that on the one hand Freud's "single-minded focus on sexual repression as the source of neurosis led to the creation of psychiatry as a legitimate medical and scientific field—one that was often resistant to change and dominated by authoritarian father figures." On the other hand, Sabina's effect on Jung, and "the discoveries they had made together, both in the office and the bedroom," including the potential in "a creative fusion of opposites—doctor and patient, man and woman, dark and light, Jew and Aryan," led to a falling out between the two men "over a variety of issues, most notably the scientific limits of psychiatric inquiry."
In contrast, Steven Rea of The Philadelphia Inquirer wrote that, despite the film's exploration of "the way our subconscious works, the way we repress, and suppress, natural urges—the constant battle between the rational and the instinctive, the civilized and the wild", the film "feels distant, and clinical, in ways you wished it did not." In an interview with The Daily Beasts Marlow Stern, Cronenberg themselves is quoted as saying that the love scenes between Jung and Spielrein were "quite clinical. These were people who, even when they were having sex, they were observing themselves having sex because they were so interested in their reactions to things."
The film was listed at number 5 on Film Comment magazine's Best Films of 2011 list.
Top ten lists
A Dangerous Method was listed on many critics' 2011 top ten lists.
1st – J. Hoberman, The Village Voice
1st – Glenn Kenny, MSN Movies
2nd – Todd McCarthy, The Hollywood Reporter
5th – Andrea Gronvall, Chicago Reader
5th – Kim Morgan, MSN Movies
6th – Eric Hynes, The Village Voice
7th – Anne Thompson, Indiewire
7th – Richard T. Jameson, MSN Movies
8th – Stephen Holden, The New York Times
9th – Mark Olsen, Boxoffice Magazine
9th – Jim Emerson, MSN Movies
10th – Caryn James, Indiewire
Best of 2011 (listed alphabetically, not ranked) – A.O. Scott, The New York Times
Best of 2011 (listed alphabetically, not ranked) – Manohla Dargis, The New York Times
Accolades
References
External links
Official US website
2011 films
2010s English-language films
Biographical films about scientists
English-language Canadian films
English-language German films
British drama films
Canadian drama films
German drama films
Films directed by David Cronenberg
German films based on plays
Films about sexual repression
Films shot in Vienna
Films shot in Germany
Films set in Switzerland
Films set in Vienna
British films set in New York City
Films set in 1904
Films set in 1906
Films set in 1909
Films set in 1910
Films set in 1912
Films set in 1913
Cultural depictions of Sigmund Freud
Cultural depictions of Carl Jung
Lionsgate films
Universal Pictures films
Films scored by Howard Shore
Films produced by Jeremy Thomas
Psychotherapy in fiction
Films about dreams
2011 drama films
2010s Canadian films
2010s British films
2010s German films
Castellano is a Spanish and Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abel Castellano Jr. (born 1983), Venezuelan jockey
Dani Castellano (born 1987), Spanish footballer
Daniel Castellano (born 1972), Venezuelan journalist, writer and researcher
Fabio Castellano (born 1998), Italian professional footballer
Franco Castellano (1925 – 1999), Italian screenwriter and film director
Frank Castellano (born 1964), Commander of USS Bainbridge during hostage rescue
Javi Castellano (born 1987), Spanish professional footballer
Javier Castellano (born 1977), Venezuelan jockey
José María Castellano, (born 1947), Spanish business person
Manuel Castellano (disambiguation), multiple people
Mateo Castellano (born 1996), Argentine footballer
Paco Castellano (born 1944), Spanish retired footballer
Paul Castellano (1915-1985), American mafia boss
Pedro Castellano (born 1970), Venezuelan baseball player
Ramón Castellano de Torres (born 1947), Spanish expressionist painter
Ramón José Castellano (1903–1979), Argentine Archbishop of Córdoba
Richard S. Castellano (1933–1988), American actor
Richie Castellano (born 1980), American bandleader, singer, songwriter and musician
Talia Castellano (1999–2013), American blogger
Tomás M. Castellano (1884-1921), Spanish poet
Torry Castellano (born 1979), drummer of The Donnas
Vittorio Castellano (1909–1997), Italian statistician
See also
Castellani, a surname
Castellanos (surname)
Italian-language surnames
Spanish-language surnames
The Leprosy Act was an act of the Parliament of Canada regarding the establishment and direction of lazarettos, or leper homes, in Canada to ensure the segregation and treatment of people afflicted with leprosy. The Leprosy Act gave responsibility to the Minister of Agriculture for the management of the lazarettos, apprehension and confinement of the ill, capture of escaped inmates, and punishment of those found to be harbouring or concealing a person afflicted with leprosy.
Background
Canada's first documented case of leprosy was in 1815 in New Brunswick, when Ursula and Joseph Benedict contracted the disease and later died after two Norwegian sailors covered in sores spent the winter in their home.
The first lazaretto in Canada was established in 1844 at Sheldrake Island, New Brunswick and operated until 1848 when the lazaretto at Tracadie, New Brunswick was opened. The Canadian government took over the responsibility for the lazaretto from New Brunswick at the time of Confederation. A lazaretto was established in British Columbia at D'Arcy Island in 1891 to house Chinese immigrants with the disease and its operation was taken over by the Canadian government with the passing of the Leprosy Act.
An important figure in the history of leprosy in Canada and in the passing of the Leprosy Act was Dr. Alfred Corbett Smith. First in their capacity as the Inspector of Leprosy for the government of Canada from 1889 until 1899, then as the Medical Superintendent for the Tracadie lazaretto, Dr. Smith was optimistic that there was a cure for leprosy and believed that compulsory segregation was essential in order to keep the wider population disease-free. Dr. Smith undertook "tours of inspection" across New Brunswick where they visited households, lobster canneries, and fish packing plants looking for cases of leprosy. They also travelled to Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Victoria, British Columbia, and Winnipeg, Manitoba to investigate suspected cases of leprosy. Throughout their career Dr. Smith lobbied for more stringent legislation for the apprehension, detention, and medical supervision of leprous people in Canada, an objective that was realized in the 1906 Leprosy Act.
In 1902 it was reported that there were eleven men and seven women incarcerated at the Tracadie, New Brunswick lazaretto. Throughout the province of New Brunswick and Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, there were three or four cases of leprosy that were being treated in isolation and under the supervision of the Tracadie lazaretto. Along with the lazaretto at Tracadie, New Brunswick, there was a provincially supported lazaretto at D'Arcy Island, British Columbia for Chinese immigrants. There were also reports of instances of leprosy found among the Western provinces and Icelanders living in Manitoba.
The Act
In 1906 the federal government passed the Leprosy Act and it was enacted on January 31, 1907. The federal government took over responsibility of the lazaretto on D'Arcy Island from the province of British Columbia and hired a guardian and interpreter and established weekly supplies of fresh meat, fish, fruit, and vegetables for the lazaretto. Soon after assuming care of the lazaretto the Canadian government deported all the inmates to a hospital in China. The Act also established that the Director General of Public Health was required to undertake yearly examinations of every lazaretto.
The Leprosy Act enabled the federal government, through the Minister of Agriculture, to establish a lazaretto where and when it was deemed necessary and to appoint a medical superintendent, officers, and servants for the proper management and care of the facility and its inmates. The Minister of Agriculture was also responsible for creating rules and regulations regarding diet, bedding, maintenance, employment, classification, instruction, and discipline of inmates.
The Leprosy Act stated that every person afflicted with leprosy was subject to confinement in a lazaretto. If the Minister of Agriculture suspected a person of having leprosy they were to be examined by a medical officer and admitted to a lazaretto. If the person afflicted refused they were to be apprehended and forcibly confined and every inmate was required to be incarcerated until it was certified that it was safe for them to be discharged and to be at large. Confinement could be avoided if the medical officer reported that the disease was not in the contagious stage and that proper isolation and treatment could be carried out. If an inmate of a lazaretto escaped, the Leprosy Act enabled any constable or peace officer to retake and return them.
If any person was found to be harbouring or concealing a person afflicted with leprosy with the intention of preventing them from being examined, the Leprosy Act established that they were guilty of a criminal offence and subject to a penalty of a fine between $10 and $100 or to an imprisonment period of one to six months, with or without hard labor, or both. The Leprosy Act also established that a justice of the peace could authorize any person to enter into a property where there was information given that a leper was concealed inside and apprehend the ill person and bring them before a justice of the peace to be committed for examination.
The lazaretto at Tracadie, New Brunswick had been in operation for one hundred and seventeen years when it closed in 1965. The lazaretto at D'Arcy Island, British Columbia was moved to Bentinck Island, British Columbia in 1924 and operated until 1957.
References
1906 in Canada
1906 in law
Leper colonies
Quarantine facilities in Canada
Tenaha may refer to:
Tenaha, Texas
Tenaha, Mauritania
Route 120 is a short highway in Holt County. Its eastern terminus is at Route B about eight miles (13 km) northeast of Oregon. Its western terminus is at U.S. Route 59 about three miles (5 km) west of its eastern terminus. No towns are on the highway.
Route description
Route 120 begins at an intersection with US 59 north of Oregon, heading east on a two-lane undivided road. The route passes through agricultural areas with some trees, curving to the southeast before heading east again. Route 120 comes to its eastern terminus at an intersection with Route B near New Point.
History
Major intersections
References
120
Transportation in Holt County, Missouri
Iain McKell is a British fashion, portrait and social documentary photographer. They have specialized in photographing British subcultures since the 1980s and their work has been published in L'uomo Vogue, i-D and The Face.
Early life
McKell grew up in the West Country, England. They received their formal education at Clifton College, in Bristol. They began working as a seaside photographer in Weymouth, Dorset at the age of 19. After studying graphic design at Exeter College of Art and Design, they relocated to London in 1979, where they found work as a commercial photographer.
Career
McKell held a public exhibition in their own studio in 1984 entitled Iain McKell LIVE, where they photographed members of The Comic Strip, and many of the visitors. This was followed in 1985 by an open workshop in The Photographers' Gallery, showing their work and a documentary film about the previous year. They were subsequently commissioned by Smirnoff and Red Stripe for commercial brand advertising campaigns.
McKell has specialized in photographing British subcultures since the 1980s, producing photographic studies of Skinheads, punks, Blitz Kids, and rockabillies. They also spent over ten years befriending and photographing New Age travellers. The result of this project was the publication of a book and various exhibitions.
In 2012 they worked with Kate Moss on a photo project for V magazone titled 'Kate & The Gypsies'.
In 2012 they published their third book entitled Beautiful Britain, comprising a collection of their photographic work between 1970 and 2012.
Books
Fashion Forever: 30 years of subculture. New York: Thames & Hudson, 2004 .
The New Gypsies. Munich: Prestel, 2011.
Beautiful Britain: Photographs from the 1970s to the Present. Munich: Prestel, 2012.
Exhibitions
Then & Now, Story Gallery, London, 2001.
The New Gypsies, Fashion Space Gallery, London, 2011; Acte 2 Photo, Paris, 2011; Clic Gallery, New York, 2011.
References
External links
McKell's Vimeo page
Laneri, Raquel (22 September 2011). "The New Gypsies: Iain McKell's Photos Of A Nomadic British Subculture". Forbes.
Living people
Photographers from Dorset
People from Weymouth, Dorset
Year of birth missing (living people)
People educated at Clifton College
The Yrdyk (, ) is a river in Jeti-Ögüz District of Issyk-Kul Region of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on north slopes of Teskey Ala-Too Range and flows into lake Issyk-Kul. The length of the river is and the basin area .
It is fed by majorly snow and ice meltwater (85%) and rains (15%). Average annual discharge is . The maximum flow is in June, and the minimum - in February. The flood flows may reach . Several breakthrough-prone lakes including Akkel, Karakel and Jashylkel are located in the basin of Yrdyk posing a risk of floods and mudflows. Yrdyk village is located near the river.
References
Rivers of Kyrgyzstan
Tributaries of Issyk-Kul
Kick Over the Traces is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. The album contains tracks from Pinhead Gunpowder releases since the band formed in 1990. The album was released through Recess Records on June 16, 2009. The Japanese edition features a second disc recorded live at 924 Gilman Street on February 10, 2008, and features different cover art.
Track listing
Disc 1
Disc 2
All songs written Aaron Cometbus except where noted.
"Find My Place" - 1:06
"Cabot Gal" (Jason White) - 1:46
"I Used To" - 1:11
"New Blood" (Wilhelm Fink) - 1:29
"Buffalo" - 2:06
"Reach for the Bottle" - 1:50
"Backyard Flames" (Bill Schneider) - 2:10
"West Side Highway" - 2:31
"Losers of the Year" - 2:43
"On the Ave." - 2:51
"Kathleen" - 1:39
"Landlords" - 2:12
"Life During Wartime" - 1:55
"Anniversary Song" (Wilhelm Fink) - 1:45
"Before the Accident" - 1:42
"My Boot in Your Face Is What Keeps Me Alive" - 1:24
"Asheville" - 1:51
"MPLS Song" - 2:05
"Swan Song" - 1:49
"Beastly Bit" - 2:01
"Train Station" - 1:25
"Future Daydream" - 2:15
"Mahogany" (Michael Masser, Gerry Goffin) - 2:16
Personnel
Disc one
Aaron Cometbus – drums
Bill Schneider – bass
Billie Joe Armstrong – guitar, producer
Mike Kirsch - guitar on Tracks 2, 6, 10, 16, 17, 19
Jason White – guitar
Kevin Army – producer
Pinhead Gunpowder - producer
Disc two
Aaron Cometbus – drums
Bill Schneider – bass, backing vocals
Billie Joe Armstrong – guitar, vocals
Jason White – guitar, vocals
References
2009 greatest hits albums
Pinhead Gunpowder albums
The 1936 Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning (now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette) in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1936 college football season. In their sixth year under head coach Truman F. Wilbanks, the team compiled a 2–7–1 record.
Schedule
References
Southwestern Louisiana
Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns football seasons
Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football
Commodore Amadi Guy Ikwechegh (25 February 1951 – 10 November 2009) was a Nigerian naval officer who was appointed military governor of Imo State from 1986 to 1989 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.
Birth and education
Amadi Ikwechegh was born on 25 February 1951 in Amakpo, Igbere in Bende, Abia State.
They attended Township School in Aba and the Nigerian Military School, Zaria (1963 to 1966), and attended the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna in 1971. They were commissioned as a sub-lieutenant in 1974. They then studied at Britannia Royal Naval College at Dartmouth, England, the Royal Hydrographic School, Australia and the Naval School of Oceanography, USA. They attended the Armed Forces Command & Staff College, Jaji, and also earned a masters in Strategic Studies from the University of Ibadan.
Naval career
As a naval officer, Ikwechegh served in various capacities including Military Port Commandant of Lagos Port, Hydrographer of the Navy, Director of Naval Intelligence and commander of the Navy's operational Bases in Okemini, Anansa and Olokun . They also commanded NNS Lana, the naval survey ship and was Commander of NNS Iriomi as Naval Task Force Commander, ECOMOG Forces, Liberia. They were a member of the Nigerian Hydrographic Society and the Nigerian Institute of Surveyors.
They served as ADC to Military Governor of Niger State, Commodore Ebitu Ukiwe.
From 1987 to 1990 they were Military Governor of Imo State and a member of the Provisional Ruling Council.
Later life
They were retired in June 1999, along with all other military officers who had held political offices. They then went into marine related business in Port Harcourt.
Amadi Ikwechegh died on 10 November 2009 after a protracted illness following a stroke they suffered in 2007.
Chief Theodore Orji, governor of Abia State from May 2007, was their senior assistant secretary when Ikwechegh was governor of old Imo State. After Ikwechegh's death, Orji described them as an intelligent and no-nonsense administrator.
References
1951 births
2009 deaths
Governors of Imo State
Graduates of Britannia Royal Naval College
Nigerian Defence Academy alumni
University of Ibadan alumni
GRB 060614 was a gamma-ray burst detected by the Neil Gehrels Swift Observatory on June 14, 2006, with peculiar properties. It challenged a previously-held scientific consensus on gamma-ray burst progenitors and black holes.
Prior to this detection, it was believed that a long gamma-ray burst, like GRB 060614, was probably caused by gravitational collapse of a large star into a black hole, and would be accompanied by detectable supernova, whilst short gamma-ray bursts were thought to be the merger of two neutron stars. However, the lack of any supernova and the vanishing spectral lags during GRB 060614 are typical of short GRBs, at odds with the long (102s) duration of this event and its origin in a galaxy 1.6 billion light years away in the constellation Indus.
In December 2006, an article on the burst was published in the journal Nature, with the editors describing a hunt by scientists to define a new GRB classification system to account for this burst. GRB 060614 was subsequently classified as a "hybrid gamma-ray burst", defined as a long burst without accompanying supernova, and was hypothesized to have been an observation of a white hole.
References
External links
NASA Satellite Discovers New Kind of Black Hole Explosion
GRB 060614 entry at SIMBAD
20060614
Indus (constellation)
June 2006 events
060614
This article lists notable literary events and publications in 1599.
Events
January – English poet Edmund Spenser is buried near Geoffrey Chaucer at Westminster Abbey, beginning the tradition of Poets' Corner.
Spring/Summer – The Globe Theatre is built in Southwark, then in Surrey, utilising material from The Theatre.
June 4 – The Bishops' Ban of 1599: Middleton's Microcynicon: Six Snarling Satires and Marston's Scourge of Villainy are publicly burned as the English ecclesiastical authorities crack down on the craze for satire in the past year. Richard Bancroft, Bishop of London and John Whitgift, Archbishop of Canterbury tighten their enforcement of existing censorship. Earlier, minor works like pamphlets and plays were being published only with the approval of the Wardens of the Stationers Company and without ecclesiastical review; this arrangement is terminated.
June 7 – John Day kills fellow playwright Henry Porter, allegedly in self-defence.
September 21 – The first recorded performance of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar takes place at the Globe Theatre in London, according to the Swiss traveller Thomas Platter the Younger.
Late – War of the Theatres: Satire, being prohibited in print, breaks out in the London theatres. In Histriomastix, Marston satirizes Jonson's pride through the character Chrisoganus; Jonson responds by satirizing Marstons's wordy style in Every Man out of Their Humour, acted by the Lord Chamberlain's Men.
The English comic actor Will Kempe leaves the Lord Chamberlain's Men earlier in the year, probably to be replaced by the end of it by Robert Armin.
King James VI of Scotland arranges for a company of English players to erect a playhouse and perform in their country.
The first printing in England of Richard de Bury's The Philobiblon (1345) is made by Oxford bibliophile Thomas James.
New books
Prose
George Abbot – A Brief Description of the Whole World
Mateo Alemán – Guzmán de Alfarache
John Bodenham – Wits' Theater
Roger Fenton – An Answer to William Alabaster, Their Motives
Ferrante Imperato – Dell'Historia Naturale
Thomas Morley – The First Book of Consort Lessons
John Rainolds – Th'Overthrow of Stage Plays
Drama
Anonymous
A Larum for London (or c. 1602)
Sir Clyomon and Sir Clamydes published (written c. 1570)
A Warning for Fair Women published
Thomas Dekker
Old Fortunatus
Patient Grissel (with Henry Chettle and William Haughton)
The Shoemaker's Holiday
Michael Drayton, Richard Hathwaye, Anthony Munday, & Robert Wilson – Sir John Oldcastle
Robert Greene
Alphonsus King of Aragon (published)
(attributed) George a Greene, the Pinner of Wakefield published
Ben Jonson – Every Man out of Their Humour
Hermann Kirchner – Coriolanus tragicomica
John Marston – Antonio and Mellida
Histriomastix
Jack Drum's Entertainment
Henry Porter – The Two Angry Women of Abingdon published
William Shakespeare – As You Like It, Much Ado About Nothing, Henry V, and Julius Caesar (approximate date)
Poetry
Samuel Daniel – Musophilus
Sir John Davies
Hymnes of Astraea
Nosce Teipsum
Thomas Middleton – Microcynicon: Six Snarling Satires
George Peele – The Love of King David and Faire Bethsabe
"W. Shakespeare" (and others unacknowledged) – The Passionate Pilgrime
Births
April 23 – Edward Sheldon, English translator of religious works (died 1687)
May 30 – Samuel Bochart, French Biblical scholar (died 1667)
July 23 – Stephanius, Danish royal historiographer (died 1650)
August 14 – Méric Casaubon, English classicist (died 1671)
October 31 – Denzil Holles, 1st Baron Holles, English statesman and writer (died 1680)
unknown date
Madeleine de Souvré, marquise de Sablé, French writer of maxims (died 1678)
Zera Yacob, Ethiopian philosopher (died 1692)
Deaths
January 13 – Edmund Spenser, English poet (born 1552)
June – Henry Porter, English dramatist
October 9 – Reginald Scot, English writer on witchcraft (born c. 1538)
October 18 – Daniel Adam z Veleslavína, Czech lexicographer (born 1546)
November 29 – Christopher Barker, English printer to Queen Elizabeth I of England (born c. 1529)
unknown dates
Jerónimo Bermúdez, Spanish dramatist (born 1530)
Dominicus Lampsonius, Flemish humanist poet (born 1532 in literature)
Philip Lonicer, German historian (unknown year of birth)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The Savage Nomads are a British five piece indie rock bands from South London, consisting of Cole Salewicz (lead vocals) Josh Miles (guitar, vocals and production), Benjy Miles (guitar), Tom Williams (bass guitar and vocals) and Louis Lacoste (drums and vocals). Q magazine described them as "one of the most glorious bands to come out of South London." The band have received acclaim for their exploratory sound and energetic live shows.
History
Beginnings and What The Angel Said
Formed in 2008, the band's first shows were with Mick Jones of The Clash at their Carbon Casino. They played with other bands such as Alabama 3, Kitty, Daisy & Lewis, The Rotten Hill Gang, Carbon/Silicon, John Cooper Clarke, Pete Wylie and James Dean Bradfield of The Manic Street Preachers. Singer Cole Salewicz has stated that these "early shows were a vital catalyst that cemented our confidence"; following a further four shows with Carbon Casino, the band started a residency at Denmark Street's 12 Bar. The original lineup consisted of Cole Salewicz (guitar and vocals), Joe Gilick (guitar), Josh Miles (Bass) and Billy Boone (Drums).
After two years on the London gigging circuit, the band were signed to Alaska Sounds in 2010 and soon after released their debut EP What The Angel Said in October of that year. The EP was produced by Pat Collier formerly of The Vibrators and received airplay from Gideon Coe and Don Letts on BBC Radio 6 Music, and Gary Crowley on BBC London.
Coloured Clutter
In 2011, prior to the release of their debut album the band supported Mick Jones' Big Audio Dynamite on their comeback tour. Coloured Clutter was released by Alaska Sounds in 2011, it was called by Artrocker magazine, a long-standing supporter of the band, "the best debut album from a British band this year". It received positive reviews with Q magazine describing the band as "defining experimental. The Savage Nomads are named after one of the most notorious street gangs ever to come out of the Bronx area of NYC - they are also one of the most glorious bands to come out of South London." In support of the album the band would later team up with Jones, Pete Wylie and Primal Scream, opening up for them on The Justice Tonight Tour - a benefit for the Hillsborough football disaster in 1989 and also opened up for The Members and Rat Scabies as well as The Jim Jones Revue on several tour dates.
Tension In The Middle and next album
The band released Tension In The Middle''' on 27 May 2012. It received regular airplay on BBC Radio 6 Music and was called by BBC Introducing's Tom Robinson as "the most astonishing single of the year so far". The video was directed by Jarrad Templeton which also received praise: "Stunning photography, rich colours and a slowly unfolding narrative".
The band were in residence at Alan McGee's former club night Death2Disco at The Notting Hill Arts Club in West London for a series of shows throughout 2012.
New line-up and Jaded Edges
Following a prolonged hiatus, it was announced Gilick was leaving The Savage Nomads, with Miles moving onto play guitar, and following younger brother Benjy joining playing guitar. Salewicz and the Miles brothers worked on writing new material, resulting in 25 new songs. Rory 'Tyrone' Jones joined the band having met Salewicz at an Only Real gig at The Shackelwell Arms. Following auditions, Petr Matousek replaced Boone, moving to England having completed university in Prague to commit full-time to the band.
With a comeback show at The Hoxton Bar & Kitchen in June as part of The Artrocker New Blood Festival, the band released their come back single Jaded Edges in September 2013, announced as the first of a new series of singles to be released over the next year. Following a series of further London shows, the band released the single along with a video on YouTube, again directed by Templeton. The single received critical acclaim with Tom Robinson playlisting the track on their Fresh On The Net blog, Gary Crowley announcing it their 'Crowley Cracker' on their Amazing Radio show and Artrocker magazine calling it "possibly the strongest indie pop of the year". Radio One have also played the single with Jen Long calling it 'Big Indie'. BBC Introducing included Jaded Edges in their best of 2013 hour on BBC London The band are planning upcoming shows and future releases for early 2014.
Discography
AlbumsColoured Clutter (July 2011)
EPsWhat The Angel Said (October 2010)Tension In The Middle'' (May 2012)
Singles
"The Magic Eye" (May 2011)
"What The Angel Said" (October 2011)
"Jaded Edges" (September 2013)
References
English indie rock groups
Oculinaria is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Oculinaria include:
Oculinaria australis Gray, 1868
Oculinaria occultare Monniot, 1991
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Swingin' with Pee Wee is an album by clarinetist Pee Wee Russell with trumpeter Buck Clayton which was recorded in 1960 and released on the Swingville label.
Reception
Scott Yanow of AllMusic states, "Russell and trumpeter Buck Clayton make for a perfectly compatible team on the 1960 date ... Their playing is much more consistent and comfortable on the mid-tempo material than usual and they mostly get to avoid the overly hyper Dixieland warhorses. A gem".
Track listing
"What Can I Say Dear" (Walter Donaldson, Abe Lyman) – 5:00
"Midnight Blue" (Pee Wee Russell) – 5:38
"The Very Thought of You" (Ray Noble) – 4:40
"Lulu's Back In Town" (Harry Warren, Al Dubin) – 5:02
"Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams" (Harry Barris, Ted Koehler, Billy Moll) – 5:37
"I Would Do Most Anything for You" (Mack David) – 6:07
"Englewood" (Russell) – 6:40
Personnel
Pee Wee Russell – clarinet
Buck Clayton – trumpet
Tommy Flanagan – piano
Wendell Marshall – bass
Osie Johnson – drums
References
Pee Wee Russell albums
Buck Clayton albums
1960 albums
Swingville Records albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Esmond Edwards
Events from the year 1573 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
February 23 – James FitzMaurice FitzGerald submits to John Perrot, Lord Deputy of Ireland, at Kilmallock.
March 25 – Gerald FitzGerald, 15th Earl of Desmond, returns to Ireland.  They are detained in Dublin but escapes about 11 November.
April 14 – grant of denization to Sorley Boy MacDonnell and other settlers from Scotland.
May – Brian O'Neill of Clandeboye burns Carrickfergus.
June – a warrant is given for the restoration of their lands to Connor O'Brien, 3rd Earl of Thomond.
July 9 – Elizabeth I of England grants Walter Devereux, Earl of Essex, the right to plant most of County Antrim. They set out with a military force (including Moyses Hill) from England to do so, but their ships are dispersed by storm.
September 29 – Essex is granted a commission of "general captainship in all Ulster". Their troops encamp for the winter at Belfast while opposition is gathered by Brian O'Neill and Turlough Luineach O'Neill.
October 20 – Planter Thomas Smith the younger is shot in Ards.
October – Essex and Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone, act against Brian O'Neill.
c. October – David Wolfe, papal legate to Ireland, goes to Spain.
Walter Ball, who subsequently became Mayor of Dublin and imprisoned their mother Margaret Ball on religious grounds, becomes an Alderman of Dublin.
Births
David Rothe, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ossory
Deaths
December 27 – James Stanihurst, politician
Robert Weston, Dean of the Arches and Lord Chancellor of Ireland (b. 1515)
Approximate date – Arthur O'Friel, Roman Catholic cleric
References
1570s in Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Shiao is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Lora Shiao, American intelligence officer
Peter Shiao (born 1967), Chinese media entrepreneur, film producer, social activist, and commentator
Stephanie Shiao (born 1968), Taiwanese actor, model, singer, and writer
See also
Xiao (surname)
Keith Leonard Kartz (born May 5, 1963 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is a former center and tackle in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos. They started in Super Bowl XXIV. Kartz attended the University of California, Berkeley. They graduated from San Dieguito High School in Encinitas, California.
1963 births
Living people
People from the Las Vegas Valley
American football centers
American football offensive tackles
California Golden Bears football players
Denver Broncos players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Anthony Delhalle (11 January 1982 – 9 March 2017) was a French Grand Prix motorcycle racer. They rode a Suzuki GSX-R1000 in the FIM CEV Superbike European Championship and the Endurance FIM World Championship. They died on 9 March 2017, after falling from their bike during a test on the Circuit Paul Armagnac near Nogaro and breaking their neck.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
1982 births
2017 deaths
French motorcycle racers
Moto2 World Championship riders
Hohenrätien Castle is a castle in the municipality of Sils im Domleschg of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The castle was built on a rock wall that rises above the Viamala river and the important roads over the San Bernardino and Splügen Passes. A steep path leads from the valley floor to the eastern side of the wall. The area was inhabited during the Bronze and Iron Ages. During the Roman era the current castle site was a religious site and by the 4th or 5th century there was a church on the site. It is unknown whether the church was originally built as a Christian church or was a temple to Mithras that was converted into a church. By the 5th century a baptistery had been added and it was known as the Church of St. John. The church remained in operation over the next 1000 years. It was the parish church for the left side of the Rhine river until 1500. A first ring wall was probably added around the same time.
By the High Middle Ages the church was the center of a large parish and was also used as a refuge from attack. A number of fortifications were built in the 11th century for the parish vogt. They included a two-story stone house which eventually became the main tower, repairs and expansion of the outer ring wall and may have included the south-east tower and the priest's tower. In the 13th century the main tower was expanded and surrounded with an inner wall. Storage and work shops were added around the tower. This inner castle became known as Hochrialt, possibly connected with the Lords of Rialt who first appeared in 1170 at Niederrialt Castle in Cazis. Despite the expansion of the 13th century, much of the castle was abandoned at the beginning of the 14th. Possibly an earthquake in 1295 may have damaged the castle enough to make it uninhabitable. Another theory is that the castle needed a nearby town to support it and the lack of water combined with a drop in traffic over the Viamala road led to the town and then the castle being abandoned. After the castle was abandoned, the bishop's representatives left the priest's tower and moved to Fürstenau Castle
In the 14th century the Rialt family apparently died out. Around the same time, in 1359, the patronage rights over the church were granted to Cazis Priory. In 1410 a register of church property recorded that Hoch-Rialt was an abandoned fortress. At some point in the late 14th or early 15th century the south-east was destroyed in a fire. In 1473 the communities of Thusis, Masein and Cazis agreed to build a road on the other side of the river which completely bypassed Hohenrätien and removed any motivation to rebuild. In 1480 the castle ruins were inherited by the Jecklin family. The priest's tower continued to be the home of the parish priest until 1505 when the last priest left. In 1573 the name Hohenrätien was first given to the castle by a humanist scribe who tried to connect the castle to Raetus, the legendary ancestor of the Rhaetian people. In 1581 the von Hohenrealta family inherited the castle and surrounding lands.
In the late 19th century a project to build an aerial tramway from Thusis to Hohenrätien was considered, but not built. However, developers built an alpine restaurant in an arched roof basement in the castle ruins. It remained in operation until 1914 and traces of the restaurant are still visible today. In 1973 the Hohenrealta family foundation began working with cantonal authorities and local volunteers to restore and excavate the castle. In more than a dozen stages roofs were built over the buildings and the towers were cleaned and reinforced. Archaeological excavations in 1997 and 2001 explored the Roman and early medieval ruins around the castle site. Today, the church, baptistry and castle can be rented for a variety of events.
Castle site
The Inner Castle is on the south western side of the ridge. In the center of the castle is the main tower, which has a cistern on the ground floor that could hold about . The second story was used for storing supplies. The main entrance and reception hall was on the third story, along with a large fireplace and a latrine. The fourth story was a single, large bedroom. The modern renovations of the tower changed the interior, while leaving the exterior unchanged. The tower was roofed over with a glass roof. Wooden platforms were built around the walls at the same height as the original floor, though the center was left open to allow light into the entire tower.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
The Big Thrill, released in 1993, is the third full-length album by the German hard rock band Axxis. It was recorded in the USA with producer Joey Balin (Warlock, Doro).
Track listing
"Better World / Livin' in the Dark" (M: B. Weiß; L: W. Pietsch / M: W. Pietsch; L: B. Weiß) - 4:21
"Against a Brick Wall" (M: B. Weiß, W. Pietsch; L: W. Pietsch) - 3:55
"Stay Don't Leave Me" (M: B. Weiß, H. Oellers, W. Pietsch; L: J. Balin) - 4:11
"Little War" (M: W. Pietsch, H. Oellers, B. Weiß; L: B. Weiß) - 4:22
"No Advice" (M: W. Pietsch, B. Weiß; L: J. Balin) - 3:35
"Love Doesn't Know Any Distance" (M: B. Weiß, W. Pietsch; L: B. Weiß) - 4:56
"Heaven's 7th Train" (M: B. Weiß, H. Oellers, W. Pietsch; L: W. Pietsch) - 5:49
"Brother Moon" (M: W. Pietsch, H. Oellers; L: W. Pietsch) - 4:52
"Waterdrop" (M+L: B. Weiß) - 5:33
"The Wolf" (M: W. Pietsch, B. Weiß; L: B. Weiß) - 4:45
"Road to Never Neverland" (M: H. Oellers, B. Weiß, W. Pietsch; L: B. Weiß) - 4:21
Personnel
Bernhard Weiß - vocals, guitars
Walter Pietsch - guitars
Werner Kleinhans - bass
Richard Michalski - drums
Harry Öllers - keyboards
External links
Official website
1993 albums
Axxis albums
EMI Records albums
P. danae may refer to:
Planctoteuthis danae, a squid species
Pyrgocythara danae, a sea snail species
See also
Danae (disambiguation)
This article lists the military commanders of divided Vienna between 1945 and 1955. Following the end of World War II in Europe, the Allies divided Vienna into distinct, occupied sectors, each had its own military governor, often referred to as commandant. This practice ended officially with the Austrian State Treaty, which re-established Austrian independence in 1955, when the respective occupying/protective forces were withdrawn.
Commandants
American sector
British sector
French sector
Soviet sector
See also
Cold War
Allied-occupied Austria
References
Commandants Of Vienna Sectors
Commandants Of Vienna Sectors
Vienna Sectors, Commandants
Commandants Of Vienna Sectors
Berlin Sectors, Commandants
Commandants Of Vienna Sectors
Commandants Of Vienna Sectors
Atutur may refer to any of the following
Atutur Town, a town in Kumi District, in the Eastern Region of Uganda
Atutur sub-county, a sub-county in Kumi District, Uganda
Atutur Parish, a parish in Atutur sub-county, Kumi District, Uganda
Atutur Sub-County Sacco, a cooperative savings society in Atutur sub-county
Atutur General Hospital, a 100-bed, government-owned hospital in Atutur sub-county.
Acanthaspis is a genus of assassin bugs. Members of the genus are known to disguise themselves by attaching bits of debris to aid in camouflage.
Partial species list
Acanthaspis alagiriensis Murugan & Livingstone, 1994
Acanthaspis angularis Stål, 1859
Acanthaspis annulicornis Stål, 1874
Acanthaspis apicata Distant, 1903
Acanthaspis biguttula Stål, 1863
Acanthaspis bistillata Stål, 1858
Acanthaspis bombayensis Distant, 1909
Acanthaspis carinata Murugan & Livingstone, 1994
Acanthaspis cincticrus Stål, 1859
Acanthaspis concinnula Stål, 1863
Acanthaspis coprologus (Annandale, 1906)
Acanthaspis coranodes Stål, 1874
Acanthaspis flavipes Stål, 1855
Acanthaspis fulvipes (Dallas, 1850)
Acanthaspis gulo Stål, 1863
Acanthaspis helluo Stål, 1863
Acanthaspis laoensis Distant, 1919
Acanthaspis lineatipes Reuter, 1881
Acanthaspis livingstonei Vennison & Ambrose, 1988
Acanthaspis luteipes Walker, 1873
Acanthaspis maculata Distant, 1910
Acanthaspis megaspila Walker, 1873
Acanthaspis micrographa Walker, 1873
Acanthaspis minutum Livingstone & Murugan, 1988
Acanthaspis nigricans Ambrose, 1994
Acanthaspis nigripes Livingstone & Murugan, 1988
Acanthaspis pedestris Stål, 1863
Acanthaspis pernobilis Reuter, 1881
Acanthaspis petax Stål, 1865
Acanthaspis philomanmariae Vennison & Ambrose, 1988
Acanthaspis pustulata Stål, 1874
Acanthaspis quinquespinosa (Fabricius, 1781)
Acanthaspis rama Distant, 1902
Acanthaspis ruficeps Hsiao, 1976
Acanthaspis rugulosa Stål, 1863
Acanthaspis sexguttata (Fabricius, 1775)
Acanthaspis siruvanii Livingstone & Murugan, 1988
Acanthaspis siva Distant, 1902
Acanthaspis subrufa Distant, 1903
Acanthaspis tavoyana Distant, 1903
Acanthaspis tergeminia Burmeister, 1835
Acanthaspis trimaculata Reuter, 1887
Acanthaspis unifasciata (Wolff, 1804)
Acanthaspis variegata Distant, 1874
References
Reduviidae
Abu Dhabi Festival is an annual cultural festival in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; established in 2004. The festival is presented by the Abu Dhabi Music & Arts Foundation. The event has been held under the patronage of General Sheikh, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces. It was originally under the patronage of Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nahyan, then Minister of Information and Culture. Abu Dhabi Festival is the largest classical arts event in the UAE.
Commissions
Abu Dhabi Festival regularly commissions new works, often in partnership with other international festivals.
Education
Abu Dhabi Festival has an educational programme which brings together participating artists, school, college and university students from across the UAE.
Awards
The Abu Dhabi Festival Award is presented each year to participating national university students in the fields of performing and visual arts, music, film, literature and communication.
External links
Official Website (english)
References
Festivals in the United Arab Emirates
Events in Abu Dhabi
Annual events in the United Arab Emirates
2004 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Festivals established in 2004
Sharon Negele is an American politician from Indiana. Negele is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives from District 13.
Early life
Negele was born in Indiana.
Education
In 1982, Negele earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Finance and Economics from Western Michigan University. In 1990, Negele earned an MBA degree in finance from the University of Houston.
Career
Negele is a small business owner.
On November 6, 2012, Negele won the election and became a Republican member of Indiana House of Representatives for District 13. Negele defeated Dan Young. On November 4, 2014, as an incumbent, Negele won the election unopposed and continued serving District 13.
Personal life
Negele's husband is Dennis McIntosh. They have two children. Negele and their family live in Attica, Indiana.
References
External links
Indiana House bio of Negele
http://www.sharonnegele.com/
http://ballotpedia.org/Sharon_Negele
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Western Michigan University alumni
University of Houston alumni
Indiana Republicans
Women state legislators in Indiana
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
The Rhode Island Rams men's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Rhode Island Rams men's basketball program in various categories, including points, assists, blocks, rebounds, and steals. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Rams represent the University of Rhode Island in the NCAA's Big Ten Conference.
Rhode Island began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1903. However, the school's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s, as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent. Since scoring was much lower in this era, and teams played much fewer games during a typical season, it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway.
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a stat until the 1983–84 season, and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season, but Rhode Island's record books includes players in these stats before these seasons. These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season.
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Lists of college basketball statistical leaders by team
Statistical
The Dylan Thomas Theatre is a theatre based in the Maritime Quarter, in the centre of the city of Swansea in Wales. The theatre officially opened under its present name in 1983, but was home to the Swansea Little Theatre from 1979.
Swansea Little Theatre
The Swansea Little Theatre is an amateur drama group based at The Dylan Thomas Theatre and was the first Little Theatre in Wales. The theatre group began performances from 1924 and was based at various different locations during its early years.
In the early 1930s poet Dylan Thomas became a member of the troupe after first reviewing plays by the Little Theatre for South Wales Evening Post. In 1932 they appeared with the group for a production of Noël Coward's Hay Fever, taking the role of Simon. A local critic wrote that Thomas' was "an artist with an explosive temper and untidy habits". Thomas appeared in plays with the theatre for the next two or three years. The group maintained its link with Thomas' family when their daughter, Aeronwy Thomas-Ellis, became President of the Theatre.
In 1979 Swansea City Council offered the Swansea Little Theatre the derelict former Oscar Chess showroom and garage in an area which had been earmarked for development as a permanent home. On 29 September 1983 Sir Harry Secombe officially opened the Theatre now named the Dylan Thomas Theatre.
Notes
External links
Dylan Thomas Theatre
Swansea Little Theatre
Dylan Thomas
Theatres in Swansea
Fazlollah Dehkhoda (Persian: فضل الله دهخدا, born 18 March 1949) is a retired Iranian bantamweight weightlifter. They placed eighth at the 1976 Summer Olympics and ninth at the 1974 World Weightlifting Championships.
References
1949 births
Living people
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
The Shake is a New York City indie rock band. The band was active from 2005 - 2012. The band was originally formed by Jon Merkin (lead vocals, guitar), Eliad Shapiro (lead guitar, vocals), Jeremy Stein (bass, vocals), and Andrew McNellis (drums). Following McNellis' departure in 2008, Vishal Kumar joined the band as their drummer. Kumar departed in 2009, and was replaced on drums by Daniel Kirschen. Shapiro departed in 2010 to attend Cornell Law School, and was replaced by Mike Serman on lead guitar. The group disbanded in 2012.
Discography
The Shake released three LPs and one EP.
Kick It (2006)
Well, Oh Well (2008)
The Shake Go Crazy (2009)
Sweet N Sour EP (2012)
For The Shake's third album, The Shake Go Crazy, the band collaborated with record producer, Gregory Lattimer, known for their work on Albert Hammond Jr.'s first solo album, Yours to Keep.
Awards and notoriety
In 2009, The Shake was voted number 32 on The Deli Magazine's best bands in New York City, and #1 best emerging Alternative Rock bands in New York. In 2010, The Shake was named one of the top 28 bands of the CMJ Music Marathon by Blackbook Magazine.
Popular songs
The Shake has had its music licensed in several high-profile movies and TV shows, including License to Wed, True Blood, One Tree Hill, 90210, and Workaholics.
References
American indie rock musicians
Mong Hsu Township is a township of Loilen District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The principal town is Mong Hsu.
Om-pu waterfall on Nam Parng River of Mong Hsu is the second largest waterfall of Shan State. The nearest commercial airport to Mong Hsu is Lashio Airport.
History
Mong Hsu is the home of the famous Mong Hsu ruby mines. The large scale production started in 1991. Before gems were found, it is a small remote town with 1-2 convoys for each month. And before 1959, it was governed by a sawbwa.
The quality of its rubies are contested by dealers of precious rubies originating from Mogok.
There was forced displacement of native Shan population in Mong Hsu Township by the Myanmar Army in 1995. And several skirmishes between Myanmar Army and Shan State Army in 2011.
Beginning on 6 October 2015 a large scale offensive by the Tatmadaw comprising 20 Burma Army battalions has been launched in central Shan State. The aim of the military is to seize Shan ceasefire territories in Kehsi, Mong Hsu, Mong Nawng and Tangyan townships, using heavy artillery and with fighter jet and helicopter gunship air support to indiscriminately shell and bomb civilian areas. These attacks have displaced thousands of Shan, Palaung, Lisu and Lahu people causing a new humanitarian crisis.
ist|* Ha-lin
Hangna
Hathka-ha
Hawnglük
Hkōngtawng
Hkong-yom
Ho-hseng
Ho-kwai
Hpa-ya
Hsai-leng
Hsonhkawn
Hwè-hoi
Hwè-long
Kēng Hkam
Kio-yan
Konke
Loi Na Hpai
Loi-pwe
Makwan
Mān Kawngmu
Mān Kyawng
Möng Awt
Möng Hkang
Möng Hsu
Möng Sang
Nā-hsam
Na-kaw
Na-kawtkon
Na-lao
Nam-ang
Namhsawm
Namkat
Nampa-lam
Nā-wi
Nawnghkio
Nawnghkit
Nawnghsan
Nawngkawng
Nawngleng (21°54'0"N 98°15'0"E)
Nawngleng (21°42'0"N 98°13'0"E)
Nawngpat
Nawngpu
Nawngtaw
Nawngyau
Pangnang
Pangwet
Panhwè
Pengkawk
Pingleng
Pu-lüng
Tā Hkè
Tā Makkeng
Tawmawn
Wān Hai-hawm
Wān Hak (21°57'0"N 98°18'0"E)
Wān Hak (21°46'0"N 98°16'0"E)
Wān Hkamkun
Wān Ho-lao
Wān Ho-nam
Wān Ho-pong
Wān Hpa
Wān Hpakha
Wān Hsai-leng
Wān Hsan
Wān Hsangkan
Wān Hsaw
Wān Hwi-long
Wān Kat
Wān Katkap
Wān Kongkat
Wān Kongkaw (21°50'0"N 98°15'0"E)
Wān Kongkaw (21°37'0"N 98°30'0"E)
Wān Kutlong
Wān Li
Wān Loi-long
Wān Loi-tang
Wān Loi-yai
Wān Lokmawn
Wān Longwai
Wān Makhpüng
Wān Makma
Wān Maü
Wān Mawmè
Wān Möng (21°52'0"N 98°26'0"E)
Wān Möng (21°39'0"N 98°17'0"E)
Wān Na-aw
Wān Nā-hka
Wān Na-hong
Wān Na-hsan
Wān Na-kang
Wān Nā-king
Wān Na-lin
Wān Na-maü
Wān Nā-mawn
Wān Namhsak
Wān Namhu
Wān Namkum
Wān Namnat
Wān Nampa-möng
Wān Nampawn
Wān Namtawng (21°50'0"N 98°25'0"E)
Wān Namtawng (21°48'0"N 98°12'0"E)
Wān Nam-wak
Wān Na-noi
Wān Na-pang
Wān Na-pè
Wān Nā-pong
Wān Pak
Wān Pang
Wān Pa-nga
Wān Panghkam (21°45'0"N 98°12'0"E)
Wān Panghkam (21°44'0"N 98°32'0"E)
Wān Panghkawm
Wān Pānghōng
Wān Panghsoi
Wān Pāngleng
Wān Pāngsa-li
Wān Pa-ning
Wān Pè
Wān Sin
Wān Ta-nging
Wān Tūnpūng
Wān Ünhson
Wān Wo-long
}}
References
Townships of Shan State
Loilen District
Orphium is a plant genus in the Gentian family (Gentianaceae), endemic to South Africa. The name derives from the legendary Greek musician Orpheus. The genus contains a single accepted species, Orphium frutescens, commonly known as the sea rose. Orphium arenarium C.Presl has been proposed as another species, but data suggest that it is synonymous with Chironia arenaria E.Mey.
Description
ORPHIUM E. Mey., Comm. Pl. 181 (1837); Hill & Prain in FC. 4, 1: 1095 (1909); Verdoorn in FSA. 26: 236 (1963)
Orphium has the habit of an erect subshrub, virgately branched, more or less pubescent, with branches leafy to the apex.
The leaves are opposite, sessile and rather crowded. They are fairly thick, slightly leathery and bluntly linear to narrowly cuneate
Some of the flowers may be solitary, while some are borne in inflorescences in the form of lax cymes, borne terminally or in the axils of upper leaves. The calyx has five lobes fitting loosely round the base of the corolla. The tube is short and campanulate, with an annular, crenulate disk inside at the base. The calyx lobes oblong and mucronate, without a dorsal keel.
The corolla is a vibrant candy pink, or rarely white, setting off the vivid yellow anthers. The corolla tube is as long as the calyx or slightly longer. The petals are oblong to nearly circular, slightly longer than tube.
The stamens are inserted below mouth of tube. The anthers are erect, with a slight spiral twist. The ovary has a single locule with parallel placentation. The stigma is terminal and peltate. The fruit is a capsule that splits septicidally.
Habitat and cultivation
Orphium frutescens grows in the western coastal regions of Cape Province, South Africa. It is often found on the coast where it tolerates sandy and saline soil. It also tolerates clay as well however. It does best in temperatures from to . It has been under cultivation at the Kew Gardens in London since the late 18th century. The flowers do not release pollen unless they sense the vibrations of carpenter bees native to South Africa and so the plant will not produce seed without manual intervention when it is grown as an exotic.
Cultural references
The common name of Orphium frutescens in Afrikaans is teringbos. This literally means "tuberculosis bush", suggesting that it has been used in folk medicine, but there is no mention of any such application in the major reference.
The sea rose is the titular subject of an Imagist poem published in 1915 by Hilda Doolittle.
Notes
References
plantzafrica.com
Strange Wonderful Things
Bee is key to flower power (BBC News)
[ The Gardeners' Chronicle, January to June, 1892]
Gentianaceae
Gentianaceae genera
Monotypic Gentianales genera
Endemic flora of South Africa
The Men's Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Open 2011 is the men's edition of the 2011 Hong Kong Open, which is a PSA World Series event Platinum (Prize money: $150,000). The event took place in Hong Kong from 15 to 20 November. James Willstrop won their first Hong Kong Open trophy, beating Karim Darwish in the final.
Prize money and ranking points
For 2011, the prize purse was $150,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Seeds
Draw and results
See also
Hong Kong Open (squash)
Women's Hong Kong squash Open 2011
2011 Men's World Open Squash Championship
PSA World Tour 2011
PSA World Series 2011
References
External links
PSA Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Open 2011 website
hksquash.org.hk Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Open 2011 official website
Cathay Pacific Hong Kong Open 2011 Squash Site website
Squash tournaments in Hong Kong
Men's Hong Kong Open (squash)
Men's Hong Kong Open (squash)
The Oskaloosa City Square Commercial Historic District is a historic district in Oskaloosa, Iowa that includes Early Commercial, Italianate, and Romanesque Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. At the time of its nomination it included 68 contributing buildings.
The district includes the Mahaska County Courthouse, Oskaloosa City Park and Band Stand, Oskaloosa Fire Station and the Oskaloosa City Hall which are separately listed on the National Register.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Mahaska County, Iowa
Italianate architecture in Iowa
Romanesque Revival architecture in Iowa
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
Oskaloosa, Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Historic districts in Mahaska County, Iowa
XLR-11 (5"-fluoro-UR-144 or 5F-UR-144) is a drug that acts as a potent agonist for the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2 with EC50 values of 98 nM and 83 nM, respectively. It is a 3-(tetramethylcyclopropylmethanoyl)indole derivative related to compounds such as UR-144, A-796,260 and A-834,735, but it is not specifically listed in the patent or scientific literature alongside these other similar compounds, and appears to have not previously been made by Abbott Laboratories, despite falling within the claims of patent WO 2006/069196. XLR-11 was found to produce rapid, short-lived hypothermic effects in rats at doses of 3 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, suggesting that it is of comparable potency to APICA and STS-135.
Detection
A forensic standard for this compound is available, and a representative mass spectrum has been posted on Forendex.
Recreational use
XLR-11 was instead first identified by laboratories in 2012 as an ingredient in synthetic cannabis smoking blends, and appears to be a novel compound invented specifically for grey-market recreational use.
Legal Status
XLR-11 was banned in New Zealand by being added to the temporary class drug schedule, effective from 13 July 2012.
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) made the synthetic cannabinoids UR-144, XLR11, and AKB48 Schedule I, illegal drugs under the Controlled Substances Act (CSA) for the next two years as of 16 May 2013.
It has also been banned in Florida as of 11 December 2012.
Arizona banned XLR-11 on 3 April 2013.
As of October 2015 XLR-11 is a controlled substance in China.
XLR-11 is banned in the Czech Republic.
Side effects
XLR-11 has been linked to hospitalizations due to its use.
Toxicity
XLR-11 has been linked to acute kidney injury in some users, along with AM-2201.
See also
FAB-144
JWH-018
STS-135
UR-144
XLR-12
References
Cannabinoids
Designer drugs
Organofluorides
Indoles
Tetramethylcyclopropanoylindoles
Cyclopropanes
The is a railway line operated by the Japanese private railway company Kintetsu Railway, connecting Ujiyamada Station in Ise, Mie with Toba Station in Toba, Mie. The line runs parallel to JR Central's Sangū Line.
The line connects with the Yamada Line at Ujiyamada Station and the Shima Line at Toba Station. The Yamada Line, Toba Line, and Shima Line form a single train line that begins at Ise-Nakagawa Station and serves the Ise-Shima tourist region.
Service outline
LO Local (; )
For
For ,
(Locals stop at every station.)
EX Express (; )
For ; via and (Kashihara)
For ; via and
For
(Expresses typically end at Ujiyamada and Isuzugawa, occasionally run all the way to Toba.)
RE Rapid Express (; )
For ; via and (Kashihara)
For
(Only runs mornings and evenings.)
(Rapid expresses typically end at Ujiyamada and Isuzugawa, occasionally run all the way to Toba.)
LE Limited Express (; )
For and ; via and (Kashihara)
For ; via (Nara)
For ; via and
For ,
(Seat reservations and limited express fee required.)
NS Non-stop Limited Express (; )
For
For
For
(Runs twice a day on weekends.)
(Seat reservations and limited express fee required.)
SV Premium Express Shimakaze (; )
For
For
For
For
(Train to and from Osaka runs once a day except on Tuesday with some exceptions.)
(Train to and from Kyoto runs once a day except on Wednesday with some exceptions.)
(Train to and from Nagoya runs once a day except on Thursday with some exceptions.)
(Seat reservations, limited express fee and "Shimakaze" special vehicle fee required.)
Stations
History
The Toba Line was constructed in the late 1960s / early 1970s to allow Kintetsu to run limited express trains from Osaka and Nagoya as far as in Shima. The decision to build the line was based on Kintetsu wanting to attract visitors from among the many people attending the 1970 World's Fair in Osaka to the Ise-Shima region where Kintetsu runs a variety of tourism business enterprises, and direct rail service would largely improve the bus system that was in place at that time, thereby making it more convenient to travel there.
The final link
Originally, what are now the Osaka Line and the Yamada Line were completed in the late 1920s / early 1930s by two separate companies, but both lines came under the control of Kintetsu in the 1940s. This made possible direct rail service from Osaka to Ise (at that time called Ujiyamada), primarily used by tourists and pilgrims going to Ise Grand Shrine. Also completed in the late 1920s was what is now the Shima Line which runs from Toba to Kashikojima. This line was built by a third independent railway company and went through the ownership of various companies over the years, finally falling under the umbrella of Kintetsu in 1965.
Kintetsu now owned train lines that stretched from both Osaka and Nagoya as far as Ise (Ujiyamada Station) as well as a small disconnected line running between Toba and Shima (Kashikojima Station), however there was no Kintetsu rail link between Ise and Toba, meaning Kintetsu passengers bound for Shima had to switch from train to a bus (or a train run by Kintetsu's main competitor, JNR) in Ise, then back to another Kintetsu train in Toba to complete the journey. The first solution, implemented in the 1960s, was building a bus ramp right up to the train platform of Ujiyamada Station and running buses that were timed to match up with the arriving limited expresses from Osaka and Nagoya, allowing passengers on those trains to easily switch to the bus without leaving the station or waiting long. However, in preparation for the 1970 World's Fair, Kintetsu decided it was a good time to implement the ideal solution which was direct rail access all the way to Kashikojima; thus the Toba Line was built to provide the final link.
Construction commenced in 1968 and a single track, connecting the Yamada Line and the Shima Line, was completed in 1970 just two weeks before the World's Fair began. Trains on this single-track Toba Line waited for each other to pass at a signal station located between Asama Station and Ikenoura Station near the line's midpoint. The line was officially completed when a second track was finished in 1975, thereby allowing bi-directional travel at all times.
Timeline
May 1, 1968 - Construction begins.
December 15, 1969 - First track opens on Ujiyamada ~ Isuzugawa section.
March 1, 1970 - First track opens on Isuzugawa ~ Toba section. Direct service from both Osaka and Nagoya to Kashikojima begins.
December 25, 1971 - Second track opens on Ujiyamada ~ Isuzugawa section.
April 11, 1975 - Second track opens on Isuzugawa ~ Asama section.
December 20, 1975 - Second track opens on Asama ~ Toba section. Bi-directional service begins; Shigō Signal Station is closed.
May 30, 2001: Wanman driver-only train service begins.
References
External links
Kintetsu railway network map - Osaka Line Yamada Line Toba Line Shima Line
Japan Guide - Shima Peninsula Travel - Toba Aquarium
Japan Guide - Shima Peninsula Travel - Mikimoto Pearl Island
Toba Line
Rail transport in Mie Prefecture
Standard gauge railways in Japan
Railway lines opened in 1970
Although the railway network in Great Britain has some of the smallest loading gauges in the world, the vast bulk of it is still capable of operating full sized vehicles. However, British Rail, together with its predecessors and successors have, on occasion, been required to operate passenger trains to an even smaller loading gauge and have, as a consequence, obtained rolling stock identical to that of the "deep tube" lines of London Underground; these are lines built using the tunneling shield method, that were, by necessity, smaller than those lines built using the cut-and-cover method. In 1892, a Parliamentary Committee headed by James Stansfeld recommended that such lines be in tunnels with a minimum diameter of 11 ft 6in. Two routes operated by British Rail required the use of such deep-tube rolling stock, the Waterloo & City Line in London, and the Island Line on the Isle of Wight.
Waterloo & City Line
The Waterloo & City line was originally built to serve as a link between the terminus of the London and South Western Railway at Waterloo, on the South Bank of the River Thames, and the City of London. Owing to restrictions on the building of railway lines through the centre of London, it was necessary to build this link as an underground railway, with it becoming London's second deep-tube (after the opening of the City & South London Railway). As a consequence of the diameter of the tunnels (), new bespoke trains had to be built which began the service upon its opening in 1898, and continued until 1940.
Class 487
In 1937, the management of the Southern Railway, which had responsibility for the Waterloo & City Line, began the process of procuring new rolling stock. Despite the advent of World War II, this was too far advanced to be halted, and the new trains were delivered from the English Electric factory at Preston during 1940, officially entering service on 28 October of that year.
The trains remained in service through the nationalisation of the Southern as part of British Rail in 1948, when the Waterloo & City became part of the Southern Region, and then "Sectorisation" as part of the London & South Eastern sector (renamed "Network SouthEast" in 1986). Under the Total Operations Processing System introduced in the late 1960s, the units were initially classed as Class 453, before being renumbered as Class 487. These trains were finally replaced upon the procurement of 10 new sets in 1993.
Class 482
To replace the 1940 vintage rolling stock, Network SouthEast began the process to obtain new trains in mid-1989. Eventually, a decision was taken to purchase ten 2-car sets identical to the new fleet being built to operate on London Underground's Central line. Delivery of the new sets, which were given the TOPS code Class 482, began in early 1993, with the full fleet entering service on 19 July of that year.
In 1994, as part of the process of privatisation of British Rail, the Waterloo & City line, which up to then was the only deep tube line in London not under the control of London Regional Transport, was transferred to the operational control of London Underground, whereupon it became fully part of the Underground network, meaning that following this point the Class 482 units were no longer part of the national network, after which they were referred to as part of LU's fleet of 1992 Stock trains.
Island Line
Up until the mid-1960s, the Isle of Wight had an extensive network of railways covering the whole island. However, between 1952 and 1966, all routes except the line between Ryde and Shanklin were closed. This stretch was closed between January and March 1967 to allow for both the electrification of the entire route, major rebuilding of two stations, and the raising of the trackbed in Ryde Tunnel to reduce the risk of flooding. However, raising the trackbed meant that clearances in the tunnel were below the minimum required for full-sized trains. As a consequence, the Southern Region elected to purchase redundant rolling stock from London Underground, which met the clearance requirements of the tunnel.
Class 485 and 486
Upon the electrification of the Ryde-Shanklin route, British Rail purchased a total of 12 units of withdrawn rolling stock from London Underground, formed into six 4-car and six 3-car sets. Initially, it had been planned to convert them into DEMUs, until the electrification plan was agreed on. These units had originally been operated as LU's "Standard" Stock on the Northern, Piccadilly and Bakerloo lines. As a consequence, they needed to be converted to operate on the Southern Region's third rail system. Once this was complete, and the vehicles were fully overhauled, they were shipped to the island, where they entered service on 20 March 1967. Initially, they were given standard Southern Region codes as 4-Vec and 3-Tis. Upon the introduction of TOPS, they were given Class 451 and 452, before finally receiving the classifications Class 485 and 486.
The proximity to the sea led to the units suffering badly from salt corrosion, and by the 1980s it was recognized that they would need replacing urgently. Once the decision was taken to procure replacements, Network SouthEast were offered a number of vehicles of 1938 Stock, then being withdrawn from service on the Northern Line, for use on the island. This eventually saw the Class 485 and Class 486 trains finally withdrawn from service by February 1991.
Class 483
Prior to the procurement of what eventually became Class 483, British Rail had considered purchasing redundant vehicles of 1938 Stock for use on the Isle of Wight in 1973, but had not gone through with this plan, owing to the more advanced nature of these units as compared with Standard Stock. The 1938 Stock had its traction equipment along the bottom of each vehicle, which was believed to be vulnerable to salt spray, and which would need significant adaptations to the depot in order to access (the Standard Stock had its traction equipment fitted in a compartment in the Driving Motor vehicles). A total of eight 2-car units of 1938 Stock were overhauled and converted to operate on the Isle of Wight, being given the TOPS code Class 483. The first of these entered passenger service in October 1989, with all being in traffic by July 1990. Two more units, one refurbished for traffic, and another for use as a source of spares, were transported to the island in 1992. Since then, three of the running units have been withdrawn, leaving a total of six available in service. As of January 2021, these were the oldest operating passenger trains on the entire national railway network, having entered service on London Underground in 1938. In September 2019, it was announced that the remaining Class 483 trains would be replaced beginning in the summer of 2020 by a fleet of five newly procured units. These would be sourced from Vivarail, a company set up to refurbish redundant D78 Stock vehicles, previously used by London Underground on the District line, for use on the National Rail network. Unlike the Class 483s, the new s would be full-sized trains, it's having been determined that the clearances in Ryde Tunnel were adequate for them to be used. The Class 483 units were finally withdrawn from service on 3 January 2021.
References
Works cited
Multiple units of Great Britain
WMKY (90.3 FM) is a National Public Radio-affiliated station in Morehead, Kentucky. It primarily features National Public Radio programming. Its coverage area extends from the Lexington metropolitan area in the west to the Huntington-Ashland metropolitan area in the east and from southern Ohio in the north to Hazard, Kentucky in the south.
External links
WMKY official website
NPR member stations
MKY
Maison d'arrêt are a category of prisons in France, in Belgium and other French-speaking countries, which hold prisoners awaiting trial or sentencing, or those being held for less than one year, similar to county jails in the United States.
In the Netherlands the Huis van Bewaring, also known as the Huis van Arrest exists, having the same function, with the name being a literal translation from the French equivalent.
Prisons in France
Prisons in Belgium
Prisons in the Netherlands
USS LST-1065 was an in the United States Navy. Like many of their class, they were not named and is properly referred to by their hull designation.
Construction
LST-1065 was laid down on 12 January 1945, at Hingham, Massachusetts, by the Bethlehem-Hingham Shipyard; launched on 17 February 1945; and commissioned on 16 March 1945, Lieutenant Leland P. Kramer, USNR, in command.
Service history
Following World War II, LST-1065 performed occupation duty in the Far East and saw service in China until early January 1946. They were decommissioned on 23 May 1946, and struck from the Navy list on 23 June 1947. On 17 January 1948, the ship was sold to Compania Naviera y Commercial Perez Compano S.A., Buenos Aires, Argentina, for operation.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
LST-542-class tank landing ships
Ships built in Hingham, Massachusetts
1945 ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Tangyan Township is a township of Lashio District in the Shan State of eastern Burma. The principal town is Tangyan. Tangyan emerged as an important centre for Panthay people (Chinese Muslims originally from neighbouring Yunnan) in the mid-20th century, especially after the destruction of Panglong during World War II.
History
There were clashes between Shan State Army (SSA) and Myanmar Army in Tangyan in 2011. Myanmar Army deployed local militias to monitor the SSA movement. SSA accused Myanmar Army using chemical weapon and recruiting women as forced porters in Tangyan during resume clashes. Some school teachers were killed also.
Beginning on 6 October 2015 a large scale offensive by the Tatmadaw comprising 20 Burma Army battalions has been launched in central Shan State. The aim of the military is to seize Shan ceasefire territories in Kehsi, Mong Nawng, Mong Hsu and Tangyan townships, using heavy artillery and with fighter jet and helicopter gunship air support to indiscriminately shell and bomb civilian areas. These attacks have displaced thousands of Shan, Palaung, Lisu and Lahu people causing a new humanitarian crisis.
Towns and villages
References
Townships of Shan State
St. Lawrence Centre is a shopping mall in Massena, New York, United States. It includes one anchor store, JCPenney.
History
The mall was built in 1990 by the Heritage Company. At that time the Massena economy could support it, with a strong manufacturing base built around several local Alcoa plants and heavy cross-border shopping by Canadians from the area of Cornwall, Ontario, just across the St. Lawrence River. The cost of construction was $50 million. In 1995 it was sold to AP Massena Partners. During this time the mall went through serious financial troubles, falling to just a 75% occupancy rate. In September 2003, the mall was sold for $3.6 million to the Carlyle Development Group who hired General Growth Properties to manage it beginning February 2004.
One anchor, originally occupied by Hills until 1998, Ames until 2002 and Steve & Barry's from 2007 to 2008, is vacant. Before Steve & Barry's opened, the town of Massena had attempted to use eminent domain to replace the Hills/Ames with a Wal-Mart in 2006. In 2009, the mall owners circulated a petition to replace the former Hills/Ames/Steve & Barry's building with a Target.
Several tenants moved out of the mall in 2011 and 2012, including original anchor store TJ Maxx. Sears closed its store at the mall in 2014 and was replaced with Sears Hometown Store but closed in 2017. The mall's ice rink closed in August 2016 due to mechanical problems and has yet to reopen.
After Payless ShoeSource closed its store in the mall in spring 2017, many residents of the Massena area, where the Alcoa now only runs one of its former plants and Canadians no longer come in their former numbers, believed the mall was now dead and called for it to be closed and demolished. Erica Leonard, the mall's director, hired by a group of Canadian investors who bought the mall around that time and made immediate physical improvements, went on a local radio station to urge people to stop being so negative and seeing the mall's decline as irreversible. "I just stopped listening to them," they later told The New York Times.
Leonard began to find local businesses to fill the spaces vacated by national retailers, and made it clear to those engaging in criminal activity on the premises that they were not welcome. New tenants have included North Country Showcase, a local company which sells products by local artists; an event planner; a specialty popcorn store run by a local member of the Mohawk Native American tribe, and other local merchants who sell chainsaw-carved wooden statues and bourbon maple syrup. Under Leonard's direction, local residents converted the former Sears space into an elaborate Christmas village for the holidays using empty cardboard refrigerator boxes.
While sales at some of the local stores were better than expected during the 2017 holiday season, the mall still faces other challenges. Bon-Ton closed in early 2018 leaving JCPenney as the only anchor left.
See also
List of shopping malls in New York
References
External links
Official website
Shopping malls in New York (state)
Indoor ice hockey venues in the United States
Buildings and structures in St. Lawrence County, New York
Tourist attractions in St. Lawrence County, New York
1990 establishments in New York (state)
Shopping malls established in 1990
Kenneth Hampden Pridie (8 March 1906 – 4 May 1963) was an English track and field athlete who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games and in the 1934 British Empire Games. They were born in Bristol.
At the 1930 British Empire Games they finished fourth in the discus throw event and sixth in the shot put competition.
Four years later they won the bronze medal in the shot put contest and finished sixth in the discus throw event at the 1934 British Empire Games.
Pridie was an orthopaedic surgeon. They studied at the University of Bristol. With a Fellowship from the Royal College of Surgeons of England they visited Böhler in Vienna, Watson-Jones in Liverpool and Girdlestone in Oxford. Twenty-eight years old they became a fracture surgeon at Bristol Royal Infirmary. They developed several devices for fracture treatment and was an eminent surgeon. Pridie is known for a particular cartilage repair technique where repair by fibrocartilage formation is stimulated by drilling small holes into the subchondral bone plate after surgical debridement of cartilage defects, known as the Pridie drilling technique. They died of a heart attack in 1963.
References
External links
Profile at TOPS in athletics
1906 births
1963 deaths
Sportspeople from Bristol
English male shot putters
British male shot putters
British male discus throwers
English male discus throwers
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1930 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
British orthopaedic surgeons
English surgeons
20th-century surgeons
Come Together: America Salutes The Beatles is a tribute album to The Beatles. Released in April 1995 (see 1995 in country music) on Liberty Records, the album features covers of various Beatles songs, as performed by country music artists. The album cover features artwork by John Lennon.
Content
Steve Wariner's cover of "Get Back" charted at number 72 on Hot Country Songs in 1995. Sammy Kershaw's cover of "If I Fell" later appeared on their 2000 compilation Covers the Hits.
Track listing
Personnel
Per liner notes.
Technical
Jerry Crutchfield — production (all tracks except 3, 8, 11, 14), executive production
Martin Crutchfield — production (all tracks except 3, 8, 11, 14)
Kyle Lehning — production (track 11)
Michael Omartian — production (track 14)
Jimmie Lee Sloas — production (track 8)
Don Was — production (track 3)
Chart performance
References
Country albums by American artists
The Beatles tribute albums
1995 compilation albums
Liberty Records compilation albums
Country music compilation albums
Albums produced by Jerry Crutchfield
The 2019–20 Croatian Second Football League (also known as Druga HNL and 2. HNL) was the 29th season of the Croatian Second Football League, the second-level football competition for men's association football teams in Croatia, since its establishment in 1992. The season started on 16 August 2019 and ended on 6 May 2020.
The league is contested by 16 teams and played in a double round robin format, with each team playing every other team twice over 30 rounds.
Teams
On 25 April 2019, Croatian Football Federation announced that the first stage of licensing procedure for 2019–20 season was completed. For the 2019–20 Druga HNL, clubs that were issued a second level license: BSK, Dinamo Zagreb II, Hajduk Split II, Kustošija, Međimurje, Osijek II, Sesvete, Šibenik. In the second stage of licensing procedure clubs that were not licensed in the first round appealed the decision. On 25 May 2019, all remaining Druga HNL were granted second division license, along with third level clubs Cibalia, Croatia, Dubrava and Orijent 1919.
Changes
Lučko were relegated from the 2018–19 Druga HNL after finishing last, and Zadar were administratively relegated by the Croatian Football Federation. Varaždin were promoted to the Prva HNL as the champion of the 2018–19 Druga HNL.
Rudeš were relegated from the Prva HNL. Orijent 1919 and Dubrava were promoted from the Treća HNL West, Cibalia were promoted from the Treća HNL East and Croatia Zmijavci were promoted from the Treća HNL South.
Stadia and locations
Managerial changes
Number of teams by county
League table
Results
Top goalscorers
See also
2019–20 Croatian Football Cup
2019–20 Croatian First Football League
References
External links
Official website
2019-20
Cro
2
Croatia
The Vulcan FlipStart was a super compact PC, weighing 1.5 pounds (with standard high capacity battery) and the size of a paperback novel (4.5 by 5.9 by 1.6 inches with high capacity battery). FlipStart was the release name for the concept PC Paul Allen showed at CES 2003 and 2004, specifically FlipStart V1.0. The original concept name was Mini-PC.
Its main competition at the time of release was the OQO Model 02. OQO had released the Model 01 at the time the FlipStart was announced 4 years earlier. They were both equipped with QWERTY keyboards and wireless capabilities but the FlipStart was a clamshell (flipped open) versus the OQO which slid up to reveal the keyboard.
Specifications
The FlipStart has a folding 5.9-inch screen with 1024×700 resolution, a 30GB hard drive, built-in Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and batteries capable of running one to three hours on a charge, with extended battery life offering up to four hours. The CPU is a Pentium M ULV processor running at 1.1 GHz, and it has a non-expandable memory of 512MiB. The chipset is the Intel GMA915. A VGA resolution (640 x 480) camera is built in below the screen. The FlipStart also has built in speakers and a microphone.
The devices run the Windows XP and Windows Vista operating systems and as such can run standard PC applications such as Microsoft Office.
It also has a small secondary color display in the lid similar to, but not, Windows SideShow. This is only compatible with Office/Outlook 2003 currently. Its small QWERTY keyboard has backlit buttons, and additional input devices are provided in the form of a touchpad and thumbstick located above the keyboard, a scrollwheel and media navigation buttons on the right side of the unit.
Expansion is possible via a dock connector which connects to a port replicator, offering two USB ports (blocking the single port on the unit), VGA, audio, AC power and Ethernet. A sliding cover on the lid provides access to a "snap on" expansion system. There is one expansion option provided for this, a 3.2Mp (5Mp marketed) add-on camera. The expansion cover also provides access to the built-in SIM socket.
Launch
The FlipStart was launched in the US on March 27, 2007 at the FlipStart web page for a price of $1999.
The FlipStart (CE marked version) was launched in the UK via distributor Blazepoint on September 10, 2007, for £1449 (excluding VAT).
The US price was reduced to $1499 in September 2007. On January 16, 2008, this price was reduced to $699 (£339.00 ex. VAT in the UK).
In the US the FlipStart primarily shipped with Sierra Sprint Broadband EVDO communications.
In Spring of 2008, FlipStart sold out and no new units were manufactured. The company provided support for one year after that, stopping on March 31, 2009 "due to the low volume of support request and expiration of all warranties."
References
Further reading
CNET review and comparison to other devices
Remembering the FlipStart
WI-FI Planet Review of the FlipStart
Ultra Mobile PC
The Storm Book is a 1952 picture book written by Charlotte Zolotow and illustrated by Margaret Bloy Graham. The book tells the story of a summer storm from the perspective of a young boy. The book was a recipient of a 1953 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1952 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Salimata Madjoh Dosso (born 26 August 1986), known as Madjoh Dosso, is an Ivorian former footballer who played as a midfielder. They have been a member of the Ivory Coast women's national team.
International career
Dosso capped for the Ivory Coast at senior level during the 2012 African Women's Championship.
See also
List of Ivory Coast women's international footballers
References
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Ivorian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Ivory Coast women's international footballers
WOLF-FM is a radio station serving the community of Baldwinsville, New York in the Syracuse, New York metropolitan area. The station is owned by Craig Fox, through licensee FoxFur Communications, LLC, and is currently running a country music format branded as 92.1 The Wolf.
History
In 1967, the station began operations as a full-time country outlet as WSEN-FM. It was the sister station to WSEN 1050, one of the first country stations in the northeastern United States. Century Radio sold the stations in 1974.
On September 7, 1975, WSEN-FM began operating on a 24-hour basis continuing with a country music format hosted by Carl Knight from 1-6 a.m. The new 24 hour full-time programming lineup included: Bob Paris 6-10 a.m.; Daniel J. Dunn 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.; "Uncle" Rob 2-6 p.m.; Les Howard 6-10 p.m.; Al Jenner 10 p.m. - 1 a.m.
In 1986, the station format flipped to oldies. Both AM and FM were owned by Buckley Broadcasting during much of the 2000s, until being sold in 2008 to Leatherstocking Media Group.
In 2011, as the oldies format drifted into classic hits, WSEN (at the time playing a 1960s/1970s mix of songs) split its simulcast: the FM side switched to a modern-leaning classic hits format centered on the 1970s and 1980s, while the AM side went for a "real oldies" approach featuring 1950s and 1960s music.
Acquisition by Family Life and trade with Craig Fox
In late 2015, the station was sold to the Family Life Network, a regional religious broadcaster, along with WMCR-FM and rights to WFBL. WSEN-FM's intellectual property (including all on-air programming and staff contracts, but not the rights to the WSEN call sign) was sold to Galaxy Communications, who merged it with that of WZUN (which Galaxy reacquired in February 2016).
Family Life Network then promptly traded the 92.1 license to Craig Fox in exchange for the former WOLF-FM (105.1) in DeRuyter and WWLF-FM (96.7) in Oswego. WOLF's country music format was installed on 92.1 on March 29 at 5:00 p.m. The WSEN-FM call letters were swapped with Fox's WNDR-FM on April 6, 2016. The station adopted the WOLF-FM call sign on April 14, 2016.
On June 15, 2016, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) denied the trade and fined FoxFur and Wolf Radio $20,000 for violating the multiple ownership rule (because the companies' owner Craig Fox illegally operated eight licenses, where ownership limits in the market are seven).
In late June 2016, FoxFur filed a second request for the transfer of 105.1 and 96.7 to Family Life. However, because of the FCC's ruling, FoxFur ceased operation of WOLF-FM. As a result, Fox temporarily installed the country music format on their station WOSW. The station's previous owner, Family Life, then simulcasted WOSW on 92.1 until the transfer was finalized. At the time, WOLF-FM was the only station in FLN's portfolio running secular programming.
The transaction was approved in September 2016 and the consummation occurred simultaneously with FoxFur's purchase of WFBL on August 21, 2017 in order to keep Fox under the ownership limits in the market. The transfer of translator W252AC to Family Life and translator W207BH to FoxFur affiliate Wolf Radio, Inc. was also included in the final deal.
Shortly after the consummation in late 2017, WOLF-FM began HD radio broadcasts. It also began simulcasting sister stations WSEN and WMVN on its HD2 and HD3 subchannels, respectively.
Repeaters and translators
References
External links
OLF-FM
Radio stations established in 1967
1967 establishments in New York (state)
Championnet Sports is a French basketball club based in Paris. This is one of many sections of the sports club Championnet Sports whose socio-educational and cultural activities as well as the very important real estate is managed by a third association, the Association Championnet.
The club is best known for its good performance in the championship of France basketball from 1940, counting among its members several prominent players.
History
In 1891 Championnet founded in the parish "St. Genevieve Great Careers." Various activities are pushing to declare in 1907 a multi-sports association affiliated to the Sports Championnet FGSPF. It was not until 1914 to identify the first game of basketball. Then the section is gradually developing into Champion of France in 1945 and provide three players to the team of France in 1948 during the London Olympic Games.
The club then participates in first five France championship seasons of basketball (1950–1954) and descends the 1954–55 season in Division Excellence. It goes back to a season in National Division in 1955–56 and reappears there one last time in 1961–62. The association then refusing to follow the evolution of basketball to the professionalism and the basketball section falls into anonymity. The Championnet Sports Association remains, although they practice other activities in a sporting or recreational purposes, but also for social inclusion.
Honours
French League
Winners (1): 1944–45
French League 2
Winners (2): 1936–37, 1948–49
Notable players
Henri Lesmayoux
Maurice Desaymonet
Maurice Girardot
André Barrais
Pierre Savetier
Head coaches
Henri Lesmayoux (1949–53 & 1955–62)
Maurice Girardot (1953–54)
External links
Official site
Basketball teams in Paris
Basketball teams established in 1914
Sport clubs established in 1891
1891 establishments in France
Fu Manchu / Fatso Jetson is a split 7-inch from 1998 featuring Fu Manchu and Fatso Jetson. The Fu Manchu side contains a cover of the Thin Lizzy song "Jailbreak."
Track listing
Fu Manchu
"Jailbreak"
Fatso Jetson
"Blueberries and Chrome"
The song "Jailbreak" was later released as a CD single with a different cover and two more songs: "Urethane" from The Action Is Go and a live version of "Coyote Duster" from the Dynamo Open Air. "Coyote Duster" was originally released on Daredevil. The version of "Jailbreak" that appears on the CD is also a remastered version.
CD track listing
"Jailbreak"
"Urethane"
"Coyote Duster" (live)
"Jailbreak" was a "test recording" with J. Yuenger of White Zombie to determine if they would get along. (This was stated by Scott Hill in an interview.) They apparently did, as Yuenger later produced their album, The Action Is Go.
Both versions of "Jailbreak" are out of print.
References
Fu Manchu (band) songs
Fatso Jetson albums
The Palace of Pleasure is a poem by James Henry Leigh Hunt published in their 1801 collection Juvenilia. Written before they were even sixteen, the work was part of a long tradition of poets imitating Spenser. The Palace of Pleasure is an allegory based on Book II of Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queene and describes the adventure of Sir Guyon as they are taken by airy sylphs to the palace of the "Fairy Pleasure". According to Hunt the poem "endeavours to correct the vices of the age, by showing the frightful landscape that terminates the alluring path of sinful Pleasure".
Background
After Hunt entered into a series of competitions run by the Monthly Preceptor calling for the submission at the age of 15, their father Isaac Hunt collected their son's childhood poetry to publish them. Among these was The Palace of Pleasure, which was printed by James Whiting in 1801 in Hunt's Juvenilia after their family managed to collect over 800 subscriptions for the volume. The Palace of Pleasure was the final work in the volume, which was reprinted four times before 1805. Attached to the beginning of the poem is a preface that shows Hunt discussing life in artistic and heroic terms, and they refer to themselves when they describe "a Muse, who is entering into public in their sixteenth year, bashful on their first exhibition, and listening with trembling expectation, as they pass, to the shouts of disapprobation or applause that burst from the surrounding multitude."
Poem
The poem is an allegory based on Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queene Book II. The Palace of Pleasure describes the adventure of Sir Guyon as they are taken by airy sylphs to the palace of the "Fairy Pleasure".  They are similar to Spenser's enchantress Arcasia, and, like Spenser's hero, Guyon is tested by an offer of pleasure by allegorical figures including Delicacy, Young Wantonness, and others. The Bacchian pleasure that they offer Guyon is revealed to be a sort of poison. As Guyon seeks to repent, they are attacked by creatures from hell and the allegorical figure connected to justice:
And next them started on the knight, I wot,
A most surprising fiend, whose visage pale
Was branded all about with dusky spot
Made by the fiery iron, heavy bale
To them that doth with impious hand assail
The laws of righteous Justice; and they hight
Foul Infamy, ay driv'n by Woe and Wail,
And pointing Scorn of moderation light,
And brazen-tongu'd Reproach, ne silent in the night. (lines 298–307)
Eventually, Guyon is saved by the allegorical character Content and their allies Temp'rance, Repentance, and others. They take them mountain where they are able to come back to their senses and continue on adventuring. In the final moments of the poem, it is Glory who gives them the encouragement to perform their political duty:
"Go," sun she, striking their exalted lyre,
"Go lift th' oppress'd, and beat th' oppressor low;
Go, where sad Justice sees their sons expire,
And Tyranny quaffs down the tears of Woe!
Eternal peace shall chear thy breast below,
And when Heav'n calls thee to its arms above,
Immortal splendour beam around thy brow!
Go; Virtue calls thee; watch them guiding eye;
When Virtue draws the sword, tempests and storms defy!" (lines 531–540)
Themes
It is possible that Hunt derived their model of adapting Spenserian stanzas from James Thomson's use of them in The Castle of Indolence. In terms of Romantic poetry, Hunt's poem is related to the allegories found in Percy Bysshe Shelley's Queen Mab and The Revolt of Islam along with those in Robert Southey's Thalaba and Curse of Kehama. Hunt's Spenserian adaptation influenced John Keats's later use of Spenser as a model. However, Keats did not rely on the moral interpretation of spenser found in The Palace of Pleasure but instead on the side of Spenser emphasising the beautiful.
Of the works that imitate Spenser's use of the "Bower of Bliss" in Book II of the Faerie Queene, The Palace of Pleasure is connected to Southey's Romance and William Jones's Palace of Fortune. The only real difference between Hunt's and Spenser's version is the name of the tempter and that Hunt moved the setting from a Bower to a castle. Like Southey, the poem's allegory is focused more on political justice than morality. Hunt would later rely on the same Spenserian "Bower of Bliss" for the basis of a pleasure garden in The Story of Rimini written years later although they place more emphasis on the sexual aspects in the later work than on the meaning of the scene.
The poem, according to Hunt, "endeavours to correct the vices of the age, by showing the frightful landscape that terminates the alluring path of sinful Pleasure". In Guyon's story, many of the images connect to the description of Barbados. The land is a tropical paradise that tempts people with pleasure. This is biographically connected to Isaac Hunt's problems that come from their time in Barbados.
Notes
References
Blunden, Edmund. Leigh Hunt and Their Circle. London: Harper & Brothers Publishers, 1930.
Duff, David. Romance and Revolution. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1994.
Edgecombe, Rodney. Leigh Hunt and the Poetry of Fancy. Madison: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1994.
Kucich, Greg. Keats, Shelley, and Romantic Spenserianism. University Part: Pennsylvania State University Press, 1991.
Roe, Nicholas. Fiery Heart. London: Pimlico, 2005.
Works by Leigh Hunt
1801 poems
Takafumi (written: 貴文, 貴史, 孝史, 崇文, 岳文, 敬史, 隆文, 隆史 or 隆普美) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese entrepreneur who founded Livedoor, a website design operation
, Japanese politician
, Japanese guitarist, lyricist, music arranger, and musical artist
, Japanese ski jumper
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese cyclist
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese speed skater
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese ice hockey player
, Japanese footballer
Japanese masculine given names
Frank Bunting Black, (February 28, 1869 – February 28, 1945) was a merchant and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada. They represented Westmorland County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1912 to 1916 as a Conservative member. Black went on to represent the division of Westmorland in the Senate of Canada from 1921 to 1945.
They were born in Sackville, New Brunswick, the son of Joseph L. Black and Mary Ann Snowball, and was educated at Mount Allison University. They took over the operation of the family store after their father's death in 1907. Black served as mayor of Sackville in 1919. They married Eleanor, the daughter of Josiah Wood.
A long time reserve officer in the Princess Louise 8th Hussars (NB), they signed up for active duty, at the age of 46, in 1914. They went overseas as a major, was wounded twice in France, won several important medals, and an Honour, the Order of St. Stanislaw (for valour), from the Russian Ministry of Defence. they were soon promoted to full colonel and in 1917 was the first eastern Canadian to be gazetted a brigadier general on the field, but because of the death of their brother Captain J. W. S. Black in late 1916 chose instead to revert to reserve status so as to manage the family business. In 1926 they were named the 8th Hussars' first honorary colonel.
References
Black family fonds, Mount Allison University
1869 births
1945 deaths
Canadian senators from New Brunswick
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) senators
Mayors of places in New Brunswick
Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick MLAs
People from Sackville, New Brunswick
Immediacy is a philosophical concept related to time and temporal perspectives, both visual, and cognitive. Considerations of immediacy reflect on how we experience the world and what reality is. It implies a direct experience of an event or object bereft of any intervening medium. An example would be looking at a painting, losing awareness of the medium, and seeing the depiction as real. The medium is an important concept, and somewhat paradoxical, as it is both necessary and yet forgotten. Plato deals with a similar concept in the purity of experience. They tell us that speech is more immediate than writing, because the words emerge more directly from the speaker's mind. Immediacy also possesses characteristics of both of the homophonic heterographs 'immanent' and 'imminent', and what entails to both within ontology.
Immediacy also relates to the philosophy of phenomenology, as they are schools of thought which both concern subjective perceptions of objects and time.
Philosophy of time
Concepts in metaphysics
Ontology
The League of the South (LS) is an American white nationalist, neo-Confederate, white supremacist organization, headquartered in Killen, Alabama, which states that its ultimate goal is "a free and independent Southern republic".
The group defines the Southern United States as the states that made up the former Confederacy (Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Tennessee and Virginia). It claims to also be a religious and social movement, advocating a return to a more traditionally conservative, Christian-oriented Southern culture.
The movement and its members are allied with the alt-right. The group was part of the neo-Nazi Nationalist Front formerly alongside the National Socialist Movement (NSM), the now defunct Traditionalist Workers Party (TWP) and Vanguard America (VA) since rebranded as Patriot Front. The group participated in the Pikeville rally in Pikeville, Kentucky, to Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia and the White Lives Matter rally in Shelbyville, Tennessee as key organizers in all three events. The Southern Poverty Law Center has designated it as a hate group.
History
The organization was formed in 1994 by Michael Hill and others, including attorney Jack Kershaw and Libertarian historian Thomas Woods. The League of the South was named in reference to the League of United Southerners, a group organized in 1858 to shape Southern public opinion and the Lega Nord (Northern League), a very successful populist movement in Northern Italy from which the group took inspiration.
The League's first meeting was represented with a group of 40 men, 28 of whom formed an organization then known as The Southern League. The name was changed to The League of the South in 1996 in order to avoid confusion with the Southern League of Minor League Baseball. Among the early members were Southern professors, including president Michael Hill. Hill was a British history professor and specialist in Celtic history at Stillman College, a historically black school in Tuscaloosa. However, Hill has since left their teaching position.
In 2000, the group supported Pat Buchanan and the Reform Party.
In the course of time, the group's views became more extreme and founding members Grady McWhiney and Forrest McDonald had denounced Michael Hill's leadership and left the organization by 2004.
Since 2007, The League's main publication has been The Free Magnolia, a quarterly tabloid.
Views
The League has been described as using "Celtic" mythology "belligerently against what is perceived as a politically correct celebration of multicultural Southern diversity".
The group believes that the Southern United States should be an independent country ruled by white men.
In 2001 they asked US congress to pay $5 billion in reparations for "property" (which at the time included human beings) which was taken or destroyed by Union forces during the Civil War. The group's legal counsel Jack Kershaw said their proposal included paying reparations to African-Americans due to the supposed negative effect the end of slavery had on their ancestors: "Blacks were better off in antebellum times in the South than they were anywhere else. [...] They lost a lot too when that lifestyle was destroyed."
Culture
The League defines Southern culture as profoundly Christian and anti-abortion. The League describes Southern Culture as being inherently Anglo-Celtic in nature (originating in the British Isles), and they believe the South's core Anglo-Celtic culture should be preserved.
According to the League, the South has had a Marxist and egalitarian society "impressed upon it". The League's Core Beliefs Statement advocates the stigmatization of "perversity and all that seeks to undermine marriage and the family."
Politics
The League believes that what it calls "the Southern people" have the right to secede from the United States, and that they "must throw off the yoke of imperial [federal, or central government] oppression". The League promotes a Southern Confederation of sovereign, independent States. The League favors strictly limited immigration, opposes standing armies and any regulation whatsoever of firearms. This proposed independent nation is described by League publications as part of a process to convince "the Southern people" that they have a unique identity.
The League focuses on recruiting and encouraging "cultural secession". In November 2006 its representatives attended the First North American Secessionist Convention of secessionists from different parts of the country. In October 2007 it co-hosted the Second North American Secessionist Convention in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
In 2015, the group announced it would be holding an event celebrating the assassination of Abraham Lincoln, while honoring John Wilkes Booth as a hero. On April 11, 2015, it was organized by the vice chairperson of the Maryland-Virginia chapter of the League, Shane Long. The LOS's main Facebook page put it bluntly: "Join us in April to celebrate the great accomplishment of John Wilkes Booth. They knew a man who needed killing when they saw him!"
The League has attempted to form paramilitary groups on more than one occasion.
The League of the South is opposed to fiat currency, personal income taxation, central banking, property taxes and most state regulation of business. The League supports sales taxes and user fees.
Designation as hate group
In the summer of 2000, the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) designated the League of the South as a hate group, citing the group's "academic veneer" of revisionist history and calls for secession. Hill dismissed the designation as politically motivated.
According to the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), the League of the South is a white supremacist group which promotes racism and anti-Semitism through events held with other white supremacist groups. The League of the South joined the Nationalist Front, a loose coalition of neo-Nazis and other white supremacists, in 2017.
Members
The League's board of directors is composed of Michael Hill, Mark Thomey, Mike Crane, Sam Nelson, and John Cook. Among the founding members were Thomas Fleming, Thomas Woods, Grady McWhiney, Clyde Wilson, and Forrest McDonald.
See also
Alt-right
Antisemitism in the United States
Dixiecrat
List of active separatist movements in North America
List of organizations designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center as hate groups
Nationalist Front (United States)
White nationalism
References
1994 establishments in Alabama
Secessionist organizations in the United States
Politics of the Southern United States
Nationalist organizations
Alt-right
Organizations established in 1994
Patriot movement
White supremacist groups in the United States
Organizations that oppose LGBT rights in the United States
American neo-Nazis
The 2016 Desert Diamond Cup was a soccer exhibition featuring six soccer teams from Major League Soccer, two from the United Soccer League and host FC Tucson from the Premier Development League, held from February 17 to February 27, 2016. It is the 6th annual Desert Diamond Cup.
Teams
The following nine clubs participated in the 2016 tournament:
New England Revolution (fifth appearance)
Real Salt Lake (fifth appearance)
FC Tucson (fourth appearance)
Colorado Rapids (third appearance)
Sporting Kansas City (third appearance)
Arizona United SC (first appearance)
Columbus Crew SC (first appearance)
Houston Dynamo (first appearance)
Swope Park Rangers (first appearance)
Table standings
Matches
The tournament featured a round-robin group stage followed by fifth-place, third-place and championship matches.
Tournament
Finals
Goalscorers
Top scorers
Awards
CARF International MVP: Teal Bunbury (NEW}
TEP Copper Boot (Leading Scorer): Kei Kamara (COL}
References
2016
Desert Diamond Cup
Desert Diamond
The women's 60 kg (132 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the female Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the middleweight division when compared to the Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes. There were thirteen women taking part in the competition, all based in Europe. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Due to the number of fighters unsuited for a tournament designed for sixteen, three women had byes through to the quarter final stage. The tournament gold medalist was Hungarian Klara Marton who defeated Ireland's Julie McHale in the final by unanimous decision. Pole Monika Florek and Croatian Andrea Ivas claimed bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Giancarlo Minardi (born 18 September 1947) is the founder and managing director of the now-defunct Minardi Formula One team.
Early life
Minardi was born in Faenza (Ravenna), Italy and has spent their life with cars. As a young boy, their family managed a Fiat dealership and an Agip fuel station, and currently manages Iveco and Selenia dealerships. Their father, Giovanni Minardi, who died when Giancarlo was young, was also heavily involved in motor racing.
Giancarlo Minardi began their career as a businessman, running a successful truck dealership in Italy.
Introduction to racing
They began their racing career in 1968, buying a Faccioli tuned Fiat 500, achieving good results in the various hillclimbs they competed in. Subsequently they began rallying a Fiat 124, after which they turned their attention to leading the Scuderia del Passatore racing team. Between 1972 and 1974 they led the team to good results in Formula Italia, being runner-up in the 1972 championship and then in 1973 going on to win the title with Giancarlo Martini as driver. After a name change to Scuderia Everest in 1975, their team raced a BMW-March in the European Formula Two Championship for two years.
In 1980 they formed the Minardi racing team with financial backing from well known Italian motor racing patron Piero Mancini. Giancarlo led the Minardi team to four successful Formula Two seasons, the most notable success being a 1981 win at the Misano round with Michele Alboreto.
Formula One
Formula One was the next logical step for Minardi in 1985. In 1991, Ferrari provided Minardi with V12 engines.
Merge with Scuderia
Money woes hit and in 1994 Minardi joined their team with Scuderia Italia in an effort to survive. In 1996 money ran short again and by year's end Minardi was forced to sell 70% of their team to a new investor consortium. Giancarlo retained 14.5% with the remaining 15.5% distributed between the Scuderia Italia investors (Emilio Gnutti, Giuseppe Lucchini and Vittorio Palazzani) and Defendente Marniga. In an attempt to help to save the team Flavio Briatore became the main shareholder after a deal brokered by Bernie Ecclestone. In 1997 Gabriele Rumi from Fondmetal entered as a major partner. Minardi and Rumi shared the General Director role from 1997 to 2000.
Red Bull takeover
2001 saw another change in the ownership of the Minardi team with Australian Paul Stoddart buying the company, although Giancarlo retained the role of Managing Director, with particular emphasis on the development of young drivers. They left Minardi after the takeover and renaming to Scuderia Toro Rosso by the Red Bull energy drink concern in 2006. Subsequently they offered support to both Minardi Team by GP Racing in Euro F3000 and Minardi Piquet Sports in GP2 resulting in significant success for both teams, most notably with Nelson Piquet Jr. themselves in GP2 who finished runner-up to Lewis Hamilton in the 2006 championship.
Driver development
Driver development is an area in which Giancarlo is considered to have significant aptitude. They have identified and given breaks to many drivers who subsequently went on to achieve successes with other teams and in other formulas. Drivers such as Giancarlo Fisichella, Fernando Alonso, Mark Webber and Jarno Trulli all had their Formula One debut with Minardi.
Later life
Giancarlo currently resides in Faenza, Italy.  They are married to Mara and has one son named after their father Giovanni. They have two brothers: Giuseppe, who has taken over the Fiat dealership (bankrupt in 2010) and Nando who now runs the truck concession. Giancarlo was the chairperson of the football club Faenza Calcio.
In 2010, they ran for Mayor of Faenza.
In 2021, they became the president of the Imola Circuit.
In 2022, they became the President of the FIA's Single Seater Commission.
References
External links
Giancarlo's official biography
1947 births
Living people
Formula One team owners
Italian motorsport people
Sarchehan () may refer to:
Sarchehan District
Sarchehan Rural District
USS Vandalia (IX-191), a twin-screw, steel-hulled tanker, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Vandalia, the name of three cities in the United States that is also used poetically for various regions.
As Walter Jennings, their construction was completed in 1921 by the Federal Shipbuilding Company of Newark, New Jersey, for the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey and they served under the aegis of Standard Oil through the 1920s and 1930s. Allocated to the Navy by the United States Maritime Commission's War Shipping Administration in late 1944, the ship was renamed Vandalia on 18 October 1944, being designated as unclassified miscellaneous vessel IX-191. They were accordingly taken over from the War Shipping Administration on 23 December 1944 and was commissioned on the same day, Lieutenant R. P. Morrison, USNR, in command, at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii.
Vandalia departed Pearl Harbor on 27 February 1945 for Eniwetok in the Marshall Islands and made port on 11 March. Routed to Saipan with a Mariana Islands-bound convoy, Vandalia developed an engine casualty and was forced to reverse course and turn back to Eniwetok for repairs. The vessel got underway on 18 March but was rerouted on 23 March to Ulithi in the Carolina Islands. Entering the harbor at their destination two days later, they proceeded to their assigned berth, remaining there into the summer as station tanker at Ulithi.
They subsequently shifted to Buckner Bay, Okinawa, to serve as storage tanker there in September. On 9 October, a particularly heavy and violent typhoon swept over Okinawa. Vandalia ran aground at 1518, coming to rest about from Miyegusuku Lighthouse on Naha Island and sinking rapidly. The winds lashed the ship, and heavy seas pounded the old tanker unmercifully. One engine failed, and the ship went out of control, carried along with the fury of the typhoon, as the ship's force determinedly tried to pump out the engine room, fire room, and after compartments. They came to rest listing to starboard, and the danger immediately confronting the commanding officer, Lieutenant John F. Auge, USNR, was that of the ship capsizing. Accordingly, Auge gave the order to abandon ship, which was done by 0740 on 10 October. There were no casualties.
Seaman Kermit S. Heistad of White Lake, Wisconsin, served as a gunner aboard the Vandalia in the months before the ship ran aground and nearly capsized in Buckner Bay. Heistad and two other unidentified shipmates were largely responsible for saving the lives of the crew and officers. On 12 October 1945, Seaman Heistad wrote an eye-witness account of the successful rescue in a letter to their sister, Rachel Heistad, also of Wisconsin:
"We hit the rocks Monday at 3:30 pm," Seaman Heistad wrote. "The wind was blowing at 144 miles per hour. We landed by two smaller ships which had 47 men on them and we took them on our ship by lines. Many of us were washed over board. Sometimes the waves would wash us back on and some times others would throw us a line and save us. Everyone was there two (sic) save the other fellow, forgetting about themselves. I've never heard of greater Heroism. There was not one man lost from our ship or the other two. Our crew as a whole was recommended for a citation.
"Almost 5:30 pm our ship drifted off the rocks and began to sink. At 7:30 the water was getting to (sic) high to stay on the stern. So we all went forward to the bridge carrying the wounded in strechers (sic). We stayed in the bridge until 6:00 am Wednesday morning. We knew that the ship couldn't last my (sic) longer. Most of the ship was underwater and it was turning over. We had the small boat that I and 2 other fellows used to run and so we asked the captain if we could try and get some of the men ashore. They said it was useless, but we could try. So we lowered the boat and got the wounded men in first and started for shore. The captain said if we got ashore we would never get back to get the rest of the men. I prayed every inch of the way back.
"There was black oil all over the water and I was covered with it," Seaman Heistad wrote. "It got in my eyes so I could hardly see and in my mouth and choked me. But we made it back to the ship. God did it all. We went back and forth 7 times to save the crew. We knew we wouldn't make it back every time, but we did. God has all the glory. The officers and captain waited until the last trip and the ship had nearly disappeared when we got ashore. All the men just about tore us apart they were so happy. Everyone was crying. I was covered with oil all over and they wiped me off with their handkerchiefs. Several of them came with their billfolds and tried to give them to us. All I could say was thank God.
"All during the night on the ship there were many things going on," Seaman Heistad wrote in their letter. "Many of them will never be mentioned. All the men were praying. None of us thought we would get threw (sic) alive. The strain was too much for some. They wanted to jump over the side. We had all we could do to keep the men together. We used a table for cleaning and sewing up wounds. Some of the men were awfully badly wounded. One had an awful tear and bruise on their leg. Another had their nose torn all loose and they were cut all over. There were 5 or 6 that were hurt very badly. I can never forget the cries of pain as they were treated and the cries of men as they were washed over the side. I just can't write what is in my heart. It can't be put into words. When we think every man was saved from drownding (sic) surely it was God's mercy. Oh, how I thank him. The captain said they were recommending the 3 of us on the boat for a silver star. But the medals are small. If I do get it, it will be God's medal and not mine."
Neither Heistad, nor the two other unidentified seamen who aided in the rescue, received official Naval recognition for their actions. However, Heistad received hometown accolades for their part in saving the crew of the Vandalia. A memorial display featuring a copy of Heistad's original letter, photos of the Vandalia pre- and post-typhoon, an account of the Allied military gathering in Buckner Bay, and the impact of the storm was presented 11 November 2010, by Heistad's son, Torrey S. Heistad, to the White Lake, Wisconsin, Historical Society. The display now hangs in the White Lake community museum. Kermit Heistad was also featured in an article in the Antigo (Wisconsin) Daily Journal on 13 November 2010, and on television station WAOW in Wausau, Wisconsin on 26 December 2010.
Immediately after the typhoon, the Vandalia commander observed that the ship appeared to be damaged beyond economical repair but nonetheless stationed a guard on board to prevent pilferage. A guard was retained on board until 20 November when, after stripping them of whatever remained of value, Vandalia was decommissioned and abandoned.
Struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 5 December 1945, the tanker was eventually purchased by the China Merchants and Engineers, Inc., for scrap, on 31 December.
See also
USS Vandalia – other ships of the same name
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Kearny, New Jersey
1944 ships
Maritime incidents in October 1945
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Candás Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Candás, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1948, it plays in Tercera División – Group 2, holding home games at Estadio La Mata, which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.
Season to season
24 seasons in Tercera División
Honours
Copa RFEF (Asturias tournament): 2010
External links
Official website
Futbolme team profile
Official blog
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1948
1948 establishments in Spain
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol clubs
Patricia Mian Lon Ng is a Singaporean scientist.  They are a researcher at the Singapore Immunology Network.
Biography
Ng holds a Ph.D. degree in cell and molecular biology.  They are a research fellow at the Singapore Immunology Network, part of the Agency for Science, Technology and Research in Singapore.
Ng's research focuses on re-engineering antibodies so that they become more effective in fighting disease. In 2012 they received a L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Award. They were also nominated for a Great Women of Our Time Award, an annual suite of awards by The Singapore Women's Weekly magazine.
References
Living people
Singaporean scientists
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science fellows
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women's Way is a grantmaking, advocacy, and education 501(c)(3) status nonprofit that deals with current issues facing women and girls in the greater Philadelphia region.
Several women-focused nonprofits formed the organization in the late-1970s in response to financial struggles. The causes they served at the time were controversial and hard to fund.
In more recent years, Women's Way has focused its scope with a comprehensive advocacy/public policy program. The issues it addresses include: women's health (which spans from reproductive choices to maternal health care), domestic and community violence (including human trafficking and sex trafficking), workplace equity and economic self-sufficiency for women, the empowerment and leadership development of girls, and the underrepresentation of women in positions of leadership and elected office.
As of 2013, Women's Way's Executive Director is Wendy Voet.
Its vision statement says it works to create a "powerful voice for women."
History
Founding
Lynn Yeakel, Louise Page, Ernesta Drinker Ballard, Margaret Bacon, Winnie Schoefer, and Cathy Strauss originally formed Women's Way as an umbrella organization in 1977 when several struggling Philadelphia-based women-centered nonprofits decided to unite to pool their resources and establish a greater capacity for advocacy and fundraising. The coalition consisted of seven founding member agencies: Options, a group that provided worker support and sought equal pay and opportunity in the workplace; WOAR, the only rape crisis center in Philadelphia at the time; Women's Law Project, a group advocating for women through legal means; Elizabeth Blackwell Health Center for Women, an independent nonprofit gynecological and abortion clinic and birth center; Women in Transition, a counseling service for women undergoing separation and divorce; and the Pennsylvania Program for Women and Girl Offenders, a group seeking to help women and girls transition back into society after incarceration. Through this unification, Women's Way became the first umbrella women's funding federation in the United States.
Shortly after obtaining seed money from the William Penn Foundation, Women's Way elected Ernesta Drinker Ballard as its first president.
In 1978 Women's Way held its first annual dinner, the Powerful Voice Awards. There the organization awarded Coretta Scott King the first Lucretia Mott Award, an award they continue to present.
Clash with United Way
Women's Way gained publicity in 1980 after a clash with fellow nonprofit United Way. Women's Way applied for United Way membership, but United Way denied the application because, according to their rejection letter, some of Women's Way's member agencies supported abortion and birth control, which violated an agreement United Way had with the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. In response to Women's Way's confrontation and public backlash, United Way introduced the Donor Choice, allowing participating Philadelphia employees to designate a payroll deduction to a nonprofit, even if that nonprofit is not a member of United Way.
Notable Events and Conferences
On November 8 through November 10, 1987, Women's Way held its first national conference in honor of the 200th anniversary of the Constitution. Titled Unfinished Agenda: Women's Future Under the Constitution, it dealt with and developed an agenda addressing women's evolving status under the Constitution, particularly as it pertained to education, violence, economic equality, and reproductive choice. Over 85 speakers presented, including Ellen Goodman, Gloria Steinem, The Hon. William Gray, III, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Gerda Lerner, Lynn Yeakel, Cynthia J. Little, Maggie Kuhn, Yolanda King, and Helen Reddy. Women's Way invited "[a]ll those interested in the past, present, and future of American women."
Other notable events include 1990's Women in Concert, featuring Dionne Warwick, the Judds and the Roches and hosted by Olympia Dukakis, as well as 1995's stand up comedy show Humor Her, featuring Margaret Cho, Leighann Lord, and Pam Matteson. Both events acted as fund raisers.
20th Anniversary Mural
Women's Way unveiled its 20th anniversary mural in 1999. Located between 21st and 22nd streets on JFK Boulevard, the mural depicted women and girls from all walks of life, an American flag, a jean jacket decorated with feminist pins, shirts with white, blue, and pink collars, various accoutrements of the modern day woman (including a packed calendar, make up, a cell phone, an apron, a sneaker, and a ballet slipper), and the Women's Way logo. Local artist Diane Keller worked with WOMEN'S WAY and Philadelphia's Mural Arts Program to design and paint the mural.
The 2000s to Present
The 2000s brought new initiatives to Women's Way: the first Women and Influence Conference in 2002, the first A Change of Pace research report in 2003, the first Women's Issues Summit in 2005, the launching of the Community Women's Fund in 2006, and the first Ernesta Drinker Ballard Book Prize in 2007.
In 2008 Women's Way launched public education and advocacy/public policy programs. The group further restructured in 2011 by launching a new grantmaking program, Women's Way's Action Partners, which replaced its previous member agency program. The first group of Action Partners, six in total, were announced on July 31, 2012.
Philosophy
Women's Way's states its vision to be: "Women's Way is the leading funding, advocacy and education organization for women in the Greater Philadelphia region, at the forefront of identifying needs, sharing knowledge and building awareness to challenge social inequities and empower women."
It prioritizes collaboration, adaptability, addressing unmet and/or previously unrecognized needs, and approaching entrenched issues in fresh and original ways.
Grantmaking
Women's Way provides grants to other nonprofits through three grantmaking programs.
The Community Women's Fund awards grants annually to groups that provide direct services to or advocate for the elderly, LGBTQ, immigrants, the disabled, low-income families, and incarcerated women, or groups that promote reproductive rights, economic equality for women, comprehensive sexual education, and leadership development for girls. Past recipients include Wings for Success, Norris Square Neighborhood Project, and Women's Medical Fund.
Women's Way also selects up to six nonprofits that reflect their mission to develop deeper relationships with. These groups, dubbed Action Partners, receive up to three years of general operating support.
Finally, through Women for Social Innovation (a giving circle managed by Women's Way), Women's Way awards seed money to an emerging nonprofit every year via The Turning Point Prize. This emerging nonprofit must innovatively address a difficult problem facing a specific population of women, girls, or families through entrepreneurial solutions. Past groups to receive the Turning Point Prize include Mommy Grads, Rock to the Future, and the Empowered Mom's Thinktank.
Women's Way will not fund groups against reproductive choice or same-sex marriage.
As of 2012, Jennifer Leith is Women's Way's Director of Grantmaking.
Advocacy and public policy
Women's Way advocates for violence prevention for women and girls, for the expansion of reproductive rights and women's access to healthcare, and for female economic equality and independence.
Women's Way is the chair of the Southeastern Pennsylvania branch of Raising Women's Voices and works with the National Women's Health Network to ensure women's health concerns are addressed in federal health care reform.
Additionally, Women's Way works with the Coalition for Healthy Families and Workplaces to gain paid sick days for Philadelphia workers and their families. With Women's Way's help, the Promoting Healthy Families and Workplaces (Bill No. 080474) was passed by city council in June 2011, but Mayor Michael Nutter later vetoed it. Eventually an abbreviated version was passed.
As of 2012, Jen Horwitz is Women's Way's Director of Public Policy.
Human trafficking
State-level Advocacy
Women's Way is collaborating with Senator Daylin Leach to pass The National Human Trafficking Resource Center Hotline Act (SB338) in the Pennsylvania Congress. This act would require certain pertinent establishments (such as truck and rest stops, welcome centers, and bus stations) to post the hotline phone number, giving trafficking victims greater access to help.
City-level Advocacy
At the local level, Women's Way is working to introduce legislation in the Philadelphia City Council, both to establish assistance for survivors of human trafficking and to require massage establishments, where human trafficking scams are often run, to obtain licenses.
Women's Way and Philadelphia City Councilwoman Blondell Reynolds Brown worked together to raise local support for SB 338 and passed a resolution making January Human Trafficking Month.
Other
To gain support of these policy changes, Women's Way held several screenings of the movies The Whistleblower and Very Young Girls. These screenings were followed by panel discussions about human trafficking in the Philadelphia area.
Public Education
Women's Issues Summit
Every year Women's Way gathers representatives from regional nonprofits serving women, girls, and families for the Women's Issues Summit. The representatives meet in small themed groups to identify the top emerging issues in their fields and then report back to the group at large. Women's Way uses this information to help decide how to allocate funds for grantmaking and to establish its advocacy agenda. It also encourages networking between organizations during the summit.
Women and Influence Conference
The Women and Influence Conference is a public forum focused instead on one specific issue decided upon ahead of time. 2011's theme was Taking Charge: Women and Work.
Ernesta Drinker Ballard Book Prize
Women's Way also annually awards the Ernesta Drinker Ballard Book Prize to a recently published female author who has helped make headway in the dialogue about women's rights through their work. The 2012 winner was Rebecca Traister for their book Big Girls Don't Cry.
A Change of Pace Research Report
Women's Way puts together its signature research report, A Change of Pace, to assess and report on women's socioeconomic status, viewpoints on key political issues, and continuing challenges. The organization then makes its information available to local organizations. It was first released in 2003 and again in 2008.
Lunchtime Policy Briefings
Women's Way holds biannual Lunchtime Policy Briefings. By registering for participation in a conference call, those interested are given the opportunity to ask questions about a predetermined political topic previously explained by the Director of Public Policy. In the past the calls have discussed how healthcare reform will affect reproductive health and women's health in general.
Young Women's Initiative
Established in 1997, the Young Women's Initiative is an outreach program engineered around increasing knowledge of women's issues, cultivating community leadership, and creating networking opportunities for women under 40. The initiative offers community service opportunities, quarterly happy hours for her, a book club, and workshops on topics like social media and life balance for to its constituents.
Action Partners
· Alice Paul Institute: a center for young women's leadership development based in Mt. Laurel, New Jersey.
· Childspace Cooperative Development Inc.: an advocacy organization, based in the Germantown section of Philadelphia, focused on issues of economic self-sufficiency for childcare workers, providers, and low-income families in the Philadelphia region.
· Domestic Abuse Project of Delaware County: a comprehensive agency addressing domestic violence prevention and helping victims of domestic violence throughout Delaware County.
· Women's Law Project: a statewide Philadelphia-based organization focused on high-impact litigation, advocacy, and education dedicated to creating a more just and equitable society by advancing the rights and status of all women throughout their lives.
· Women's Opportunities Resource Center: located in Center City Philadelphia, promotes social and economic self-sufficiency primarily for economically disadvantaged women and their families through varied programming in the Philadelphia region.
· Women Organized Against Rape: a direct service and advocacy organization, based in Center City Philadelphia, focused on eliminating all forms of sexual violence in Philadelphia.
References
Civil rights organizations in the United States
Women's rights organizations
Route 172 is a state highway in the Mark Twain National Forest, specifically in Wayne County, Missouri. The route runs for eastward as a two-lane highway through dense forests. Route 172 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 67 just south of the intersection nearby with Route 49. Route 172 has a mile-long concurrency midway with Supplemental Route W, where the Route 172 returns to its eastern terminus, Lake Wappapello State Park. The route does not pass any communities or municipalities on its stretch.
Route description
Route 172 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 67 in the Mark Twain National Forest just south of Route 49. The route progresses eastward as a two lane highway through dense forests, soon weaving from northeast to the southeast. The highway crosses a power line cut and continues its gradual bends in different directions until becoming a steady northeastern road near an intersection with County Road 552, which heads southeast into the forest. The two highways parallel a distance apart, as Route 172 makes yet another dip to the southeast. After turning northeast, the right-of-way is taken over by Supplemental Route PP, where Route 172 turns to the southeast and enters a long clearing.
In the clearing, the highway intersects with Supplemental Route W and the two roads become concurrent. For the mile-long concurrency, the surroundings remain dense forests until Route 172 forks eastward in a small clearing. The surroundings return to dense forests for Route 172, intersecting with an access road to Deer Run Acres and crossing into the outer edges of Lake Wappapello State Park. The designation terminates within the park, while the right-of-way continues towards Lake Wappapello.
Junction list
References
External links
172
Transportation in Wayne County, Missouri
Vanuatu (formerly called the New Hebrides) is a nation and group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean. It is composed of over 80 islands with of coastline and a total surface area of . It's a small country with a total size of . Due to the spread out islands it has the 39th largest Exclusive Economic Zone of .
Vanuatu's geographic coordinates are . It is part of Oceania. Its immediate neighbours include the Solomon Islands and New Caledonia, and Australia is the closest continent.
Terrain
Vanuatu is a mountainous archipelago of volcanic origin with narrow coastal plains.
The highest of all the mountains is Mount Tabwemasana at . Its tropical climate is moderated by southeast trade winds, and its natural resources include, hardwood forests, and fish. As of 2011, 1.64% of its land area is arable, 10.25% is devoted to crops, and a further 88.11% to other land usage.
Natural disasters include tropical cyclones or typhoons from January to April and volcanic activity which sometimes causes minor earthquakes. Tsunamis are also a hazard.
A majority of the population does not have access to a potable and reliable supply of water. Deforestation is another major concern on the islands.
Vanuatu is party to a number of international agreements, including agreements on Antarctic-Marine Living Resources, Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Law of the Sea, Marine Dumping, Ozone Layer Protection, Ship Pollution, and Tropical Timber 94.
Closely tied to the Law of the Sea, Vanuatu lays maritime claim to 24 nautical miles (nm) of contiguous zone, 12 nm of territorial sea, and 200 nm of continental shelf and exclusive economic zone.
Climate
Vanuatu has a tropical climate, more specifically a tropical rainforest climate (Af in the Köppen climate classification), with noticeably wetter and drier months and hot, humid conditions year-round.. As the trade winds are almost permanent and tropical cyclones are not rare in Port Vila and Vanuatu, the climate is not equatorial but a maritime trade-wind tropical climate.
Vanuatu can be affected by tropical cyclones. Cyclone Pam was one of the worst cyclones to ever hit Vanuatu, and had been described as a worst-case scenario for the country, with the estimated cost of damage being in the hundreds of millions. In 2020, Cyclone Harold caused severe damage to Vanuatu and other Pacific nations.
See also
Islands of Vanuatu
References
"Beyond This Place" is a 1957 American television adaptation from A. J. Cronin's 1950 novel Beyond This Place. It is a live television production, possibly preserved on kinescope. The show was directed by Sidney Lumet and produced by David Susskind. It was the third episode of the first season of The DuPont Show of the Month, which was broadcast on CBS. The dramatization starred Farley Granger, Peggy Ann Garner, Torin Thatcher, Max Adrian, Brian Donlevy, and Shelley Winters.
Cast
Farley Granger as Paul Burgess
Peggy Ann Garner as Lena Anderson
Hurd Hatfield as Oswald
Ruth White as Mrs. Burgess
Torin Thatcher as Rees Mathry
Max Adrian as Sir Matthew Sprott
Brian Donlevy as Constable Dale
Shelley Winters as Louisa Burt
Farrell Pelly as Prusty
Eduard Franz as Dunn
Fritz Weaver as Charlie Castle
External links
Beyond This Place on TV.com
Television shows based on British novels
American live television shows
1950s American drama television series
Television shows based on works by A. J. Cronin
Television shows directed by Sidney Lumet
1957 American television episodes
Nicole Cowgill Jaffe David (born May 23, 1941) is a Canadian retired actor and talent agent, best known as the original voice actor for Velma Dinkley in Hanna-Barbera's Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoon series from 1969 to 1973.
Biography
A life member of The Actors Studio, David – under their maiden name Nicole Jaffe – had previously appeared in The Trouble with Girls (1969) with Elvis Presley (and Scooby-Doo voice actor Frank Welker) and in Disney's The Love Bug (1968).
Jaffe starred in a 1969 stage production of You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown as Patty, where they were seen by Hanna-Barbera recording director Gordon Hunt, who auditioned them for and eventually cast them as Velma on Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!
During the second season in 1970, after Stefanianna Christopherson, who voiced Daphne on Scooby-Doo, left the show, Jaffe recommended their roommate Heather North as a replacement; North voiced Daphne in various Scooby productions for the next three decades. Velma was Jaffe's only voice role, which they reprised in the spin-off series The New Scooby-Doo Movies (1972–74). During this time, Nicole also appeared in a starring role in the Room 222-second season episode "What Would We Do Without Bobbie?" in 1970.
Jaffe retired from acting after marrying Actors Studio classmate Brad David in 1973 and went into talent representation. With Arnold Rifkin, Nicole David formed the Rifkin/David agency in 1982, which was merged two years later into the Triad Artists agency. Triad was sold to the larger William Morris Agency in 1992 for over $20 million. David worked as a senior agent and senior vice president at William Morris and its successor William Morris Endeavor until 2013; their clients over the years have included John Travolta, Whitney Houston, Lauryn Hill, and Elijah Wood. They temporarily returned to the Scooby-Doo series for two 2003 direct-to-video movies: Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire and Scooby-Doo! and the Monster of Mexico.
Filmography
References
External links
1941 births
Actresses from Montreal
Canadian film actores
Canadian talent agents
Canadian voice actores
Living people
20th-century Canadian actores
21st-century Canadian actores
Hanna-Barbera people
Green River Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. It is located along the border with Keerom Regency, Papua Province, Indonesia.
Rivers
Rivers that flow through the LLG include the Samaia River.
Languages
Green River is one of the most linguistically diverse LLGs of Sandaun Province. Amto-Musan, Busa, Yalë, Kwomtari, Pauwasi, and other languages unrelated to each other are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
01. Abaru (Karkar language speakers)
02. Dieru
03. Hogru
04. Rawei (Busa language speakers)
05. Nagatiman (Nagatiman language speakers)
06. Dila
07. Marakwini
08. Wagu
09. Beimap
10. Seiawi (Siawi language speakers)
11. Amto (Amto language speakers)
12. Bisiabru
13. Idam 1
14. Idam 2
15. Hufi
16. Biake 1 (Pyu language speakers)
17. Kaiseiru
18. Sokmaiyon
19. Kobraru
20. Yabru
21. Buna
22. Mahanei
23. Mukuasi
24. Bifro
25. Baio
26. Yibru
27. Miniabru
28. Auiya 1 (Karkar language speakers)
29. Kambriap (Karkar language speakers)
30. Fonginum
31. Iuri 1
32. Tingirapu
33. Amini (Biaka language speakers)
34. Samunai
35. Miarfai
36. Biaka (Biaka language speakers)
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Kerygmachela kierkegaardi is a gilled lobopodian from the Buen Formation (Cambrian Stage 3) of the Sirius Passet Lagerstätte, in northern Greenland. Its anatomy strongly suggests that it, along with its relative Pambdelurion whittingtoni, was a close relative of radiodont (anomalocaridids) and euarthropods. The generic name "Kerygmachela" derives from the Greek words Kerygma (proclamation) and Chela (claw), in reference to the flamboyant frontal appendages. The specific name, "kierkegaardi" honors Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard.
Morphology
The head of Kerygmachela possesses a pair of well-developed frontal appendages which correspond to those of other dinocaridids and siberiid lobopodians. Each of them terminated with a series of long spines. A pair of sessile, slit-like compound eyes were located slightly behind the base of these appendages. A small anterior-facing mouth was located below its head and bore a pair of stylet-like structures. The head also possesses a median lobe-like projection that carries a pair of small, possible ocular structures. The body compose of 11 segments indicated by 4 dorsal turberculates on each of them, associated with 11 pairs of lateral flaps with dorsal gill-like structure, along with 11 pairs of small legs (lobopods) located just below the flaps. The body ends with a single tail spine which was formerly thought to be a pair of cercis.
Internally, Kerygmachela possesses a well-developed pharynx and a midgut with 8 pairs of arthropod-like digestive glands. The brain compose of only protocerebrum (the frontalmost cerebral ganglion) with ramified nerves extended to the median lobe, frontal appendages and eyes.
Paleoecology
The spiny frontal appendages suggest that Kerygmachela may have been a predator; however, fossils indicate a total size of approximately 175 mm and, with a relatively small mouth, suggest that it would have been restricted to very small prey.
References
Further reading
External links
Anomalocarid Homepage
Palaeos -
Dinocarida
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian arthropods
Cambrian Greenland
Fossils of Greenland
Sirius Passet fossils
Buen Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1993
Søren Kierkegaard
Cambrian genus extinctions
is a railway station in Ōtake, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Kuba Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1897
Thomas Martin Ryan Jr. (born December 10, 1928) is a retired United States Air Force general who served as the commander of Air Training Command (COMATC) from 1981 to 1983 and as Commander in Chief of the Military Airlift Command (CINCMAC) from 1983 to 1985.
Early life and education
Ryan was born on December 10, 1928, in Detroit, Michigan, and graduated from Ridgewood High School in Ridgewood, New Jersey, in 1946. They received a Bachelor of Science degree in military science from the University of Omaha in 1965, and a Master of Science degree in international affairs from The George Washington University, Washington, D.C., in 1968. They graduated from the Armed Forces Staff College at Norfolk, Virginia, in 1965 and from the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base, Alabama, in 1968.
Career
Ryan became an aviation cadet in September 1949, and after completing pilot training at Reese Air Force Base, Texas, they were commissioned a second lieutenant in October 1950. They then served in various flying assignments with the Strategic Air Command at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana; Ramey Air Force Base, Puerto Rico; and Hunter Air Force Base, Georgia, until July 1953 when they entered observer training school at Ellington and James Connally Air Force bases, Texas.
From May 1954 to June 1962, they were assigned to Forbes Air Force Base, Kansas, as a B-47 pilot, select crew aircraft commander, instructor pilot and squadron operations officer. In 1958 they became a standardization evaluator in the 90th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing.
Ryan transferred to SAC headquarters at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska, in June 1962 as a staff officer in the Plans and Organizational Section of the Weapons Management Branch, Weapons Maintenance Division. In February 1965 they entered the Armed Forces Staff College and following graduation in July 1965 they joined the SR-71 equipped 4200th Strategic Reconnaissance Wing at Beale Air Force Base, California, where they served as chief of the Quality Control Division and later than chief of the Maintenance Control Division.
In July 1968 they graduated from the Air War College and then attended RF-4C combat crew training at Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina. In March 1969 they were assigned to the 432nd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing at Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, as a maintenance control officer and later than chief of maintenance. During this tour of duty they flew 114 combat missions in RF-4C's.
Upon their return to the United States, Ryan served on the staff of the inspector general, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C., from April 1970 to June 1971. They then transferred to Wurtsmith Air Force Base, Michigan, as vice commander and then commander of the 379th Bombardment Wing. During 1972 and 1973, they completed a temporary tour of duty as commander, 303rd Consolidated Aircraft Maintenance Wing at Andersen Air Force Base, Guam, and participated in the Linebacker II campaign against North Vietnam in December 1972.
They assumed duties as commander of the 47th Air Division with headquarters at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington, in July 1973. Ryan was again assigned to SAC headquarters in January 1974 as assistant deputy chief of staff for logistics and in January 1975 become the deputy chief of staff for logistics.
They returned to Air Force headquarters in April 1976 as director for logistics plans and programs, and in July 1977 become the deputy chief of staff for systems and logistics. From October 1977 to July 1981, Ryan served as vice commander in chief of the Military Airlift Command at Scott Air Force Base. They then became commander of Air Training Command at Randolph Air Force Base, Texas. They assumed command of Military Airlift Command in June 1983.
Ryan is a command pilot with more than 8,000 flying hours. Their military decorations and awards include the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, Air Force Distinguished Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Distinguished Flying Cross, Bronze Star Medal, Air Medal with six oak leaf clusters and Air Force Commendation Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Ryan was promoted to general August 1, 1981, with date of rank July 31, 1981.
Later life
Ryan retired from the U.S. Air Force on September 30, 1985.
In 2011 they were inducted into the Airlift/Tanker Association Hall of Fame.
References
External links
1928 births
Living people
United States Air Force personnel of the Vietnam War
Elliott School of International Affairs alumni
Military personnel from Detroit
People from Ridgewood, New Jersey
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Air Medal
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Order of the Sword (United States)
Ridgewood High School (New Jersey) alumni
United States Air Force generals
University of Nebraska Omaha alumni
Dan Beachy-Quick is an American poet, writer, and critic.  They are the author of seven collections of poems, most recently, Variations on Dawn and Dusk (Omnidawn Publishing), longlisted for the 2019 National Book Awards, and other books including A Whaler's Dictionary (Milkweed Editions), a collection of essays about Moby Dick. Their honors include a Lannan Foundation Residency and a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Their poems have appeared widely in literary journals, including The Boston Review, The New Republic, Fence, Poetry (magazine), Chicago Review, VOLT, The Colorado Review, Paris Review, and New American Writing, and in anthologies including Best American Poetry 2008 and in a chaplet, Sleep/Echo/Song (Wintered Press, 2006). Their essays and reviews have appeared in The New York Times, The Southern Review, The Poker, Rain Taxi, The Denver Quarterly, Interim, and other venues. They serve as Poetry Advisor for the literary journal A Public Space.
Beachy-Quick was born in 1973 in Chicago, and grew up in Colorado and upstate New York. Their parents divorced when they were three and they were raised by their mother in Colorado, and spent summers in Ithaca, New York, with their father and grandparents.
They attended Hamilton College, the University of Denver, and the Iowa Writers' Workshop. They have taught writing at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, and currently they are an assistant professor of English at Colorado State University. They live in Fort Collins, Colorado with their wife and daughters.
Published works
Full-length poetry collections
Library Of-- (Textshop Editions, 2021)
Variations on Dawn and Dusk (Omnidawn, 2019)
gentleness (Tupelo Press, 2015)
Circle's Apprentice (Tupelo Press, 2011)
This Nest, Swift Passerine (Tupelo Press, 2009)
Mulberry (Tupelo Press, 2006)
Spell (Ahsahta Press, 2004)
North True South Bright (Alice James Books, 2003)
Books
Of Silence and Song (Milkweed Editions, 2017)
An Impenetrable Screen of The Purest Sky (Coffee House Press, 2013)
A Whaler's Dictionary (Milkweed Editions, 2008)
Wonderful Investigations: Essays, Meditations, Tales (Milkweed Editions, 2012)
A Brighter Word Than Bright: Keats at Work (Muse Books, 2013)
Book-length collaborative projects
Conversities (with Srikanth Reddy) (1913 Press, 2012)
Work from Memory (with Matthew Goulish) (Ahsahta Press, 2012)
Chapbooks
References
Sources
Library of Congress Online Catalog
Colorado State University > Faculty Bios
External links
The Offending Adam > Dan Beachy-Quick & Srikanth Reddy from Canto
Beachy-Quick reading at Northwestern University's 2nd Annual Spring Writers' Festival, 2009
Tupelo Press > Author Page > Dan Beachy-Quick
Alice James Books > Author Page > Dan Beachy-Quick
Ahsahta Press > Author Page: Dan Beachy-Quick
The Boston Review > Review by Dan Beachy-Quick of The Radi Os, by Ronald Johnson
The New York Times > Modern Love: Disassembling My Childhood > By Dan Beachy-Quick > August 3, 2008
Christopher Nelson's Poetry Blog > Interview with Dan Beachy-Quick on Overtakelessness > November 20, 2010
Poets from Colorado
University of Denver alumni
Iowa Writers' Workshop alumni
Colorado State University faculty
Writers from Fort Collins, Colorado
Living people
1973 births
21st-century American poets
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Agustín Calleri and Fernando González.
Agustín Calleri and Fernando González won in the final 7–5, 7–5, against Stephen Huss and Wesley Moodie.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
Doubles
The 1936–37 season was the 45th season of The Football League.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1936–37 in English football
1936 in association football
1937 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1936–37 in English football leagues
Boné Uaferro (born 4 January 1992) is a Mozambican professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for 3. Liga side 1. FC Saarbrücken.
Career
A former youth international for Germany, Uaferro received their first senior call with Mozambique in July 2014.
They joined Regionalliga Südwest club 1. FC Saarbrücken on a one-year contract with the option a further year in June 2019.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Berlin
German footballers
German people of Mozambican descent
Mozambican footballers
Germany youth international footballers
Association football defenders
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
1. FC Union Berlin players
FC Schalke 04 II players
SC Fortuna Köln players
1. FC Saarbrücken players
Batkun Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 881 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is situated in the west part of Grivitsa Ridge, surmounting Darvari Glacier to the north and Zaychar Glacier to the south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Batkun in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Batkun Peak is located at , which is 9.77 km southwest of Gusla Peak, 9.43 km northwest of Fothergill Point, 3.43 km north-northeast of Kableshkov Ridge, 2.47 km northeast of Mikov Nunatak, and 23.22 km southeast of Baldwin Peak on Danco Coast. British mapping in 1978.
Maps
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, UK, 1978.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Batkun Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Batkun Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Clarence Thomas Fieber (September 4, 1913 – August 20, 1985) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. Nicknamed "Lefty", they played for the Chicago White Sox in 1932.
References
External links
1913 births
1985 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Chicago White Sox players
Baseball players from San Francisco
San Francisco Dons baseball players
Blood Scent is STEMM's third full-length album and first on new record label Catch 22 Records. It was released on November 11, 2008, almost exactly three years since their prior release, which was on November 15, 2005. The album is the first to feature the band's new line-up with original member Alex Scouten taking over guitar duties while former guitarist Joe Cafarella handles full-time vocals for the first time. The first single from the album has been announced as "Awake," the song also has an accompanying video that was produced by GDM Video Production company. The first 1,000 albums sold will also feature a DVD, STEMM's first ever, that will document several aspects of the band and the recording process for Blood Scent. During a recent interview, vocalist Joe Cafarella talked at length about the new album, saying
The band was sending their second single "House of Cards" to rock radio on August 10, 2009. "House of Cards" would later be featured in EA Sports MMA.
This was also the last album to feature bassist Stephen Crowl since their first STEMM album was Songs for the Incurable Heart. They were replaced by Mario Nobilio in 2011 who appears in STEMM's final album Crossroads.
Track listing
"Blood Soaked" - 5:21
"House of Cards" - 4:49
"One King Down" - 3:52
"Awake" - 3:47
"The Devil Walks Among Us..." 4:30
"Broken Face Masterpiece" - 3:22
"As Real As it Gets" - 5:02
"Wish" (N.I.N. Cover) - 5:00
"Beneath My Skin" 4:51
"Never Will I Break" 3:28
"Casualty for Prayer" - 12:04
Personnel
Joe Cafarella - vocals, guitar
Stephen Crowl II - bass, backing vocalist
Alex Scouten - guitar, backing vocals
Dan Nelligan - drums
Guest musicians
Mike Hatalak - Guitar on "Blood Soaked"
Bruce Wojick - Slide guitar on "House of Cards"
Judah Nero - Harmonies on "Beneath My Skin"
T.J. Frost - Ending vocals on "Casualty for Prayer"
Ruth Ann Davis - Samples on "Wish"
References
2008 albums
STEMM albums
Thirty Thousand Feet Over China is the second studio album by English post-punk/new wave band The Passions, released 18 September 1981 by Polydor Records. It reached No. 92 in the UK Albums Chart. It contains the group's hit single "I'm in Love with a German Film Star".
Track listing
2008 Cherry Red CD bonus tracks:
Personnel
The Passions
Barbara Gogan – vocals, guitar; piano on "Small Stones"
Clive Timperley – guitar, vocals; piano on "Someone Special"
David Agar – bass, vocals; guitar on "Small Stones", additional percussion on "Skin Deep"
Richard Williams – percussion
Technical
Martin Moss, Pete Buhlmann – engineer
Jeff Veitch – cover photography
References
External links
1981 albums
Albums produced by Nigel Gray
Polydor Records albums
The Passions (British band) albums
Vratislav Kulhánek (20 November 1943, České Budějovice) is a Czech business manager and former Chairman of the Czech Ice Hockey Association. They stood as a candidate in the 2018 presidential election as a nominee of the Civic Democratic Alliance, finishing ninth of nine candidates.
Business career
They studied at the University of Economics, Prague and the European Business School. They later worked in variety of companies. In 1992 they became the Chairman of Robert Bosch in České Budějovice. They worked at Škoda Auto from 1997. They left Škoda in 2007 and became Chairman of the Czech Ice Hockey Association in 2004. They remained in the position until 2008. They later started working for Kooperativa Förbundet.
Presidential election 2018
They announced their candidacy for Czech president on 29 June 2017, as the candidate of the Civic Democratic Alliance (ODA), which collected the signatures needed to run and also supported them financially. Incumbent president Miloš Zeman commented that they did not know Kulhánek very well but remembered them as a successful manager of Škoda Auto. ODA leader Sehnal stated that Kulhánek would be a right-wing candidate. Kulhánek finished last of the nine candidates, with 0.47% of the vote. Kulhánek endorsed Jiří Drahoš for the second round.
Political views
A conservative, Kulhánek stated that they have always been close to ODA and Freedom Union, and they also have sympathy for some politicians of the Civic Democratic Party. Kulhánek opposes Muslim immigration, and has stated that they do not want Mosques in the Czech Republic. On 17 July 2017 they stated that the Czech Republic was able to accept 5,000-10,000 refugees, adding that they would only accept those that were verifiably in danger, and would not accumulate them in one place, so that they would be obliged to adapt if they wanted to live in the country.
Kulhánek is pro-European and supports adoption of the Euro in the Czech Republic, but they oppose the politics of Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron.  They are also supportive of NATO.
References
1943 births
Living people
Candidates in the 2018 Czech presidential election
People from České Budějovice
University of Economics, Prague alumni
Communist Party of Czechoslovakia members
Joseph T. McCullen Jr. (born March 15, 1935) is an American venture capitalist who served as United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs) from 1973 to 1977.
Biography
Joseph T. McCullen Jr. was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was educated at Villanova University. McCullen spent several years in the United States armed forces, as Infantry Lieutenant and Navy Petty Officer.
In 1971, McCullen joined the Executive Office of the President of the United States as a Special Assistant to the President. In 1973, President of the United States Richard Nixon nominated McCullen as Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), and McCullen subsequently held this office from September 1973 until April 1977.
After leaving government service, McCullen pursued a career in business, particularly in venture capital. From 1986 until 1999, they were a Managing Director of venture capital firm OneLiberty Ventures. In 1999, they moved to J.H. Whitney & Company as a Managing Director. In July 2001, they moved to McCullen Capital as a Managing Director. As a venture capitalist, McCullen has been one of the founding investors in and served on the Board of Directors of a number of companies, including TeleCorp, Brooks Fiber Properties, Intermedia Communications, MetroNet of Canada, and Extraprise.
McCullen's alma mater Villanova University awarded them an honorary PhD.
References
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
1935 births
American venture capitalists
Villanova University alumni
Living people
Joseph Charles Wildsmith (born 28 December 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Derby County.
Club career
Sheffield Wednesday
Born in Sheffield, Wildsmith began their football career at boyhood club Sheffield Wednesday. Wildsmith signed a -year professional contract with Sheffield Wednesday in November 2013 after impressing with the club's youth teams. During the 2014–15 season, Wildsmith was named as an unused substitute for four matches.
Wildsmith made their Owls debut in Wednesday's 4–1 League Cup win over Mansfield Town at Hillsborough on 11 August 2015. On 28 August 2015, they signed a new two-year contract with the club keeping them until the summer of 2017. Two weeks later on 15 September 2015, Wildsmith kept their first clean sheet, in a 0–0 draw against Bolton Wanderers. They then made further League cup starts against Premier League giants Newcastle United and Arsenal, claiming clean sheets and wins over both teams. Wildsmith broke into the first-team under new manager Carlos Carvalhal, as Keiren Westwood was injured and Chris Kirkland had left for Preston North End. As a result, they made their return to the starting line–up as a first choice goalkeeper, keeping a clean sheet, in a 3–0 win against Birmingham City. This was followed up by starting in the next three matches, including earning their fourth clean sheet of the season against Fulham on 2 January 2016. However, Wildsmith suffered a back injury that kept them out for two months. After recovering from injury, they returned to the substitute bench and didn't make an appearance until on 9 April 2016, starting the whole game, in a 4–1 loss against Bristol City. At the end of the 2015–16 season, Wildsmith went on to make fourteen appearances in all competitions.
Ahead of the 2016–17 season Wildsmith was featured in the two out of the five pre–season matches for the side. They made their first appearance of the season, starting and played 120 minutes, in a 2–1 loss against Cambridge United in the first round of the League Cup. However, Wildsmith found themselves as the club's second choice goalkeeper and placed on the substitute bench throughout the season, even they faced their own injury concern. Despite, Wildsmith appeared two times against Middlesbrough and Fulham. At the end of the 2016–17 season, they made three appearances for the side in all competitions. Following this, the club opted to take up their option of a contract extension that would ensure Wildsmith remained under contract for the 2017–18 season.
At the start of the 2017–18 season, Wildsmith appeared in three matches (playing once in the league and twice in the League Cup). They then signed a five year contract with Sheffield Wednesday, keeping them until 2022. Wildsmith then made their return to the starting line–up against Birmingham City on 27 September 2017, as they lost 1–0. Following this, they started in the next two matches, including earning a clean sheet against Leeds United on 1 October 2017. After spending two months returning to the substitute bench, Wildsmith didn't return to the starting line–up until on 15 December 2017 against Wolverhampton Wanderers, losing 1–0. Since returning to the first team, they regained their first choice goalkeeper role for the rest of the season. Wildsmith then kept four consecutive clean sheets for the club between 6 January 2018 and 30 January 2018. Wildsmith continued to remain as the club's first choice goalkeeper until they were dropped in favour of Cameron Dawson for the remaining matches of the 2017–18 season. At the end of the 2017–18 season, Wildsmith made twenty–nine appearances in all competitions.
Ahead of the 2018–19 season, Wildsmith said they were ready to fight for their place for the first choice goalkeeper role. However, Manager Jos Luhukay stated while they preferred Cameron Dawson as the first choice keeper in the league, though they would put Wildsmith as a keeper in cup competitions. Luhukay eventually did put Wildsmith in goal for the League matches, starting against Sunderland and Wolverhampton Wanderers. However, they spent the rest of the 2018–19 season, placed on the substitute bench, with Dawson and Westwood preferred to be used in goal under both Luhukay and Steve Bruce and made two appearances in all competitions.
Ahead of the 2019–20 season, Wildsmith was linked with a move away from Sheffield Wednesday, but they remained at the club. However, Wildsmith suffered a knock and was substituted during a 2–1 loss against VfB Lübeck in a friendly match on 19 July 2019. As a result, they were sidelined for almost the rest of 2019. By December, Wildsmith returned from injury and then assigned to the substitute bench for the next four months for the side. It wasn't until on 4 March 2020 when they made their first appearance of the season, in a 1–0 loss against Manchester City in the fifth round of the FA Cup. Once the season resumed behind closed doors because of the COVID-19 pandemic, Wildsmith returned to the first team on 20 June 2020 against Nottingham Forest, in a 1–1 draw. For the remaining matches of the 2019–20 season, they became the club's first choice goalkeeper. Wildsmith then kept two consecutive clean sheets between 11 July 2020 and 14 July 2020. At the end of the 2019–20 season, they went on to make ten appearances in all competitions.
Following the end of the 2021-22 season, the club confirmed they had offered Wildsmith a new contract. On 22 June 2022, it was confirmed that they had rejected the offer and would leave the club.
Loan Spells
On 29 March 2014, Wildsmith was loaned out to Alfreton Town for the rest of the 2013–14 season. It wasn't until on 21 April 2014 when they made their debut for the club, starting the whole game, as they lost 3–2 against Hereford United. Their second appearance for Alfreton Town came on 26 April 2014 against Macclesfield Town, coming on as a 64th-minute substitute for Jon Worsnop and conceded the only goal of the game, as they lost 1–0. Wildsmith made two appearances for the club.
In March 2015, Wildsmith signed for Barnsley on an emergency one-month loan deal, making their professional debut on 28 March against Bristol City. They went on to make two appearances for the club.
Derby County
On 2 July 2022, Wildsmith joined Derby County on a free transfer.
International career
Throughout 2014 and 2015, Wildsmith was called up to the England U20 squad. They made their England U20 debut on 7 October 2015, starting the whole game, in a 3–1 win against the Netherlands U20.
Wildsmith was called up into the England under-21 national squad on three occasions, but never made an appearance for the U21 side.
Career statistics
References
External links
England profile at The Football Association
1995 births
Living people
English footballers
Footballers from Sheffield
England youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Alfreton Town F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Tay Head () is a rocky headland east of Mount Alexander, extending into the Firth of Tay on the south coast of Joinville Island. The name, given by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1963, is derived from the Firth of Tay in Scotland.
Geography
Tay Head is pebbled spit or tombolo jutting southward from Joinville Island. The parallel gravel bars are a result of post-glacial (isostatic) uplift of the area after the much larger Pleistocene ice cap melted and the pressure was released.
Headlands of the Joinville Island group
Majdan () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Modliborzyce, west of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Kazu Wakita (7 June 1908 – 27 November 2005) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1908 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
Nick White is a celebrity dog trainer, author, and a veteran of the United States Marines Corps. White also published Raising the Perfect Dog: Secrets of Law Enforcement K9 Trainers.
After their military service in Fallujah, White worked as a celebrity bodyguard and then joined the Secret Service as a bodyguard. Since 2010, White has owned and operated Off-Leash K9 Training in Woodbridge, Virginia.
Biography
White was born in Urbana, Ohio and trained the family's German Shepherd to do basic tricks. Their unit was one of the first to enter Fallujah during Operation Phantom Fury and relied heavily on specially trained dogs to sniff out bombs, contraband, and enemy combatants.
After their service, White's security details for the Secret Service included Presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama, and Vice-President Dick Cheney. While in the US Secret Service, they then started training dogs for private clients on the side. They did demonstrations in dog parks and advertised in local trade magazines, eventually leaving the Secret Service in 2010 to open Off Leash K9 Training.
White's clients include private dog owners, military and law enforcement professionals, athletes, and entertainers.
White was also on the board for the Prince William County Humane Society and helped establish their Warrior Buddies Program which pairs shelter dogs with returning war veterans, free-of-charge. White is also the host of A&E's upcoming show "America's Top Dog" as the expert trainer for the show.
References
12- Brooke Arnold (April 4, 2014). "Nick White". Pet doof. Retrieved April, 2014.
Dog trainers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American male writers
Virginija Paulauskaitė (born 3 March 1972) is a Lithuanian curler and curling coach. Virginija started curling in 2004 and currently works as a chief manager and director of professional curling club Skipas in Vilnius.
Teams
Woman 's
Mixed
Mixed doubles
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Virginija Paulauskaitė - Rekvizitai.lt
("Cheers! Curling with Virginia Paulauskaite, exercise with ballet elements and a healthy weekend breakfast" - video-interview with Virginia Paulauskaite)
Articles with tag "Virginija Paulauskaite" on site Sportas.info
Living people
1972 births
Lithuanian female curlers
Lithuanian curling coaches
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nicholas Bayard (fl. 1300?) was a Dominican theologian.
Biography
Bayard was, according to Bale, a Dominican theologian at Oxford, where they obtained their doctor's degree.
Pits's account tends in the same direction, and both biographers praise their author for their knowledge of pontifical law. Bale adds that they were very skilled for their age in Aristotelian studies, but accuses them of distorting the Scriptures by "allegorical inventions and leisurely quibbles."
Bayard's principal work appears to have been entitled "Distinctiones Theologiæ," and, according to the last-mentioned authority, this book was largely calculated to corrupt the simplicity of the true faith, as it consisted, like Abelard's "Sic et Non," of an assortment of theological opinions opposed to one another. A manuscript of this work is still preserved in Merton College library, and Tanner gives a list of other writings of this author that are to be found in English libraries.
The date assigned to Nicholas Bayard by their English biographers is about 1410; but this can hardly be correct if Mr. Coxe is right in assigning the handwriting of the Merton manuscript to the previous century. The whole question of the era in which this writer lived, and their nationality, is minutely discussed by Quétif in their "Scriptores Ordinis Prædicatorum," who inclines to believe that Bayard was a Frenchman of the thirteenth century. This, according to Quétif, is the opinion of an ancient French writer, Bernard Guido. Quétif also shows how, in the collections of that age, preserved up to their days in the Sorbonne, Bayard's sermons constantly occurred in company with those of William of Auvergne, bishop of Paris (1228–48), and other great characters of Louis IX's reign. More conclusive as to the date is Quétif's assertion that in the "Liber Rectoris Universitatis Parisiensis" Bayard's great work is mentioned as being for sale in Paris before the year 1303; that several other discourses of Bayard were for sale in Paris at the same time; and that their "Sermones Dominicales" formed part of a parchment folio in the Sorbonne library, containing Robert de Sorbonne's "Liber de Conscientiâ".
Quétif does not, however, adduce any indubitable evidence that Bayard was a Frenchman. But if they were the writer of the "Summa de Abstinentia," which Quétif unhesitatingly assigns to him, and does really, as Quétif asserts, mingle French words with the Latin text, the fact of their French residence, if not of their French birth, may perhaps be considered as proved. Lastly, as regards the order to which Bayard belonged, Quétif observes that there is no certain evidence whether they were a Franciscan or a Dominican. In all the manuscripts excepting one they appear to be called simply Frater Nicholas de Bayard, and in the only one which is more precise they are called a Minorite.
Only one of Bayard's works seems to have been printed, and that one of somewhat doubtful authenticity, the "Summa de Abstinentia," which was published under the title of "Dictionarius Pauperum" by John Knoblouch at Cologne in 1518, and again at Paris in 1530. A longer list of Bayard's works is given by Bale.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
13th-century English Roman Catholic theologians
Dominican theologians
Alumni of the University of Oxford
The 2016 American League Division Series (ALDS) were two best-of-five game series to determine the participating teams in the 2016 American League Championship Series of Major League Baseball. The three divisional winners (seeded 1-3) and the winner of a one-game Wild Card playoff played in two series. The divisional winners were the Texas Rangers in the American League West with the first seed by virtue of having the best record in the American League, the Cleveland Indians in the American League Central with the second seed, and the Boston Red Sox in the American League East with the third seed. The Toronto Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles in the Wild Card Game, earning the fourth seed.
The top two seeds had home-field advantage, and the top seed was matched against the lowest seed. The matchups were:
(1) Texas Rangers (West Division champions) versus (4) Toronto Blue Jays (Wild Card Winner): Blue Jays win series 3–0.
(2) Cleveland Indians (Central Division champions) versus (3) Boston Red Sox (East Division champions): Indians win series 3–0.
TBS televised all the games in the United States, with Sportsnet, a property of Toronto Blue Jays owner Rogers Communications, airing the games in Canada using the TBS feeds. The Blue Jays and Indians both swept their respective opponents in three games to advance to the ALCS.
The Indians defeated the Blue Jays in the ALCS, then lost the 2016 World Series to the National League champion Chicago Cubs.
Matchups
Texas Rangers vs. Toronto Blue Jays
Cleveland Indians vs. Boston Red Sox
Texas vs. Toronto
This was the second meeting between the Blue Jays and the Rangers in the postseason, the first being the 2015 American League Division Series in which the Blue Jays defeated the Rangers after losing the first two games at home, which was marked by a controversy-laden deciding Game 5 defined by José Bautista's bat flip. It was also the first series between the two teams since May 15, a game which featured multiple bench clearing skirmishes and the infamous Rougned Odor punch of Bautista.
Game 1
The Blue Jays opened the scoring in the third inning with five runs. Ezequiel Carrera walked with one out, moved to second on a wild pitch, then scored on Josh Donaldson's double. Back-to-back singles by Edwin Encarnacion and José Bautista made it 2–0. After Russell Martin walked to load the bases, Troy Tulowitzki cleared them with a triple. Rangers' starter Cole Hamels threw 42 pitches that inning, the most pitches in an inning they had ever thrown. Next inning, Melvin Upton Jr.'s leadoff home run made it 6–0. Rangers' shortstop Elvis Andrus's throwing error to first allowed Devon Travis to reach. They moved to second on a passed ball, then scored on Josh Donaldson's single to make it 7–0 and knock Hamels out of the game. The Rangers bullpen tossed 4 scoreless innings, but after back-to-back singles to lead off the ninth off Jake Diekman, Bautista hit a three-run home run amid boos from the Rangers crowd, giving the Blue Jays a 10–0 lead. Blue Jays' starter Marco Estrada went a strong 8 innings having given up only four hits and one earned run (in the ninth when Andrus hit a leadoff triple and scored on Shin-Soo Choo's groundout) on 98 pitches.
Game 2
In Game 2, Texas sent out Yu Darvish, who was unable to participate in Texas's 2015 playoff run due to recovery from Tommy John surgery. In return, the Jays responded with 20-game winner J. A. Happ. The Rangers offense, which mustered only four hits in Game 1, erupted for 13 hits in Game 2. However, three runs was all that Texas could get on the day, as their dismal hitting with runners in scoring position failed to bring home any more baserunners (the Rangers went 2-for-18 in RISP situations, and left 13 men on base). Meanwhile, Darvish gave up only five hits through five innings; however, four of those hits were home runs (a two-run home run to Troy Tulowitzki in the second after a leadoff walk, then three home runs in the fifth to Kevin Pillar, Ezequiel Carrera and Edwin Encarnacion), which tied the MLB playoff record for most home runs given up by a pitcher in a single game. The Rangers scored their first run of the game on three straight one-out singles in the fourth. In the eighth, Francisco Liriano allowed a leadoff double and one out walk before Carlos Gomez's RBI single made it 5–2 Blue Jays. Liriano was then removed from the game due to taking a line-drive off their head and later be diagnosed with a concussion. Toronto manager John Gibbons called upon their closer Roberto Osuna to get a five-out save. Osuna allowed an RBI groundout to Ian Desmond before striking out Carlos Beltran to end the inning. Then they allowed a leadoff double to Adrián Beltré in the bottom of the ninth to bring the tying run to the plate with no outs. The next three Rangers batters went down in order without being able to advance Beltre, giving the Jays a 2–0 series lead heading to Toronto for Game 3. With the loss the Rangers dropped to 1–11 in Division Series home games. This would be the last postseason game at Globe Life Park in Arlington as the Rangers would move to Globe Life Field in 2020.
Game 3
Looking to eliminate the Rangers from the playoffs for the second consecutive year, the Blue Jays sent American League ERA leader Aaron Sanchez to the mound in Game 3. The Rangers countered with starter Colby Lewis. The Rangers took their first lead of the series in the top of the first with a walk to Carlos Gómez, a stolen base, and back-to-back groundouts. The Blue Jays, though, took that lead away immediately in the bottom of the same inning with a two-run home run by Edwin Encarnación and a shot by Russell Martin, making the score 3–1, Jays. The Rangers chipped away in the third with an Elvis Andrus home run to cut the score to 3–2. But the Blue Jays pulled ahead in the bottom of the same inning on an RBI double by Josh Donaldson that just stayed fair down the right field line and knocked Lewis out of the game, followed by an RBI single by Encarnación off Tony Barnette to make it 5–2. The Rangers made it a one-run game again with a two-run home run to dead center by Rougned Odor. Sanchez would pitch into the sixth inning, leaving with two runners on and a 5–4 lead. Joe Biagini would allow a double to Mitch Moreland that just got out of the reach of Kevin Pillar that scored two runs and gave the Rangers a 6–5 lead. In the bottom of the sixth, a passed ball by Jonathan Lucroy with the bases loaded allowed Troy Tulowitzki to score the tying run. The game would go into the tenth inning tied at six. Rangers pitcher Matt Bush, pitching their third inning of relief, gave up a leadoff double to Donaldson. After an intentional walk to Encarnación and a José Bautista strikeout, Martin hit a ground ball to shortstop Andrus. Andrus flipped the ball to Odor, who recorded the out at second and then threw on to first base in an attempt to double up Martin. But the throw went wide of first, drawing Moreland off the base and allowing Martin to reach safely; in the meantime, Donaldson never stopped running from second base and they were able to score the winning run when they slid safely under Moreland's throw to the plate. Rangers manager Jeff Banister called for a video review to see if Encarnación had interfered with the throw to second but the call was upheld to end the game and series. Odor's error was first time in MLB history that any postseason series ended on an error.
Composite line score
2016 ALDS (3–0): Toronto Blue Jays beat Texas Rangers
Cleveland vs. Boston
The Red Sox–Indians series marked the fifth postseason meeting between the two teams, with each team winning two series. Their most recent meeting was in the 2007 American League Championship Series, in which the Red Sox overcame a 3–1 deficit to win the American League pennant.
Game 1
Dustin Pedroia led off Game 1 with a double to right field off Trevor Bauer, then moved to third on Brock Holt's single and scored two outs later on Hanley Ramírez's double, but Holt was thrown out trying to score, ending the inning. Jose Ramírez led off the bottom of the second with a double off Rick Porcello and scored on Lonnie Chisenhall's single to tie the game. Andrew Benintendi's leadoff home run in the third put the Red Sox back up 2−1, but in the bottom of the inning, home runs by Roberto Perez, Jason Kipnis, and Francisco Lindor gave the Indians a 4−2 lead. The Red Sox cut the lead to one on Sandy Leon's leadoff home run in the fifth off Bauer, who was replaced by Andrew Miller with two outs in the inning. In the bottom half, Perez hit a leadoff single, moved to second on a sacrifice fly, and scored on Kipnis's single off reliever Drew Pomeranz. Holt's leadoff home run in the eighth off Bryan Shaw made it 5−4, but Cody Allen pitched 1 shutout innings for the save.
Game 2
Corey Kluber pitched seven shutout innings in Game 2, allowing three hits and three walks while Dan Otero and Bryan Shaw pitched a perfect eighth and ninth, respectively. Red Sox's David Price, after a perfect first, allowed three straight one-out singles in the second, the last of which to Brandon Guyer scoring Carlos Santana, before Lonnie Chisenhall's three-run home run put the Indians up 4−0. In the fourth, Price allowed a leadoff single to Guyer, then walked Roberto Pérez with one out before being relieved by Matt Barnes. Rajai Davis hit into a forceout at third before Jason Kipnis's single scored Perez. Guyer hit a leadoff single off Barnes in the sixth, then moved to third one out later on Dustin Pedroia's fielding error before scoring on Davis's sacrifice fly off Brad Ziegler to make it 6−0 Indians, who went up two games to none in the series heading to Boston.
Game 3
The Indians struck first in Game 3 off Clay Buchholz when with runners on second and third in the fourth with one out, Tyler Naquin drove them both in with a single to right field. In the fifth, Xander Bogaerts singled with one out off Josh Tomlin and scored on Andrew Benintendi's double to make it 2−1 Indians, but in the sixth, Jose Ramirez drew a leadoff walk off Drew Pomeranz, then Coco Crisp homered one out later to put the Indians up 4−1. Dustin Pedroia singled to lead off the bottom of the inning off Tomlin, who was relieved by Andrew Miller. Pedroia moved to third on Mookie Betts's double and scored on David Ortiz's sacrifice fly. In the eighth, pinch hitter Travis Shaw singled with one out off Bryan Shaw. After Betts hit into a force out, Cody Allen relieved Shaw and walked Ortiz before Hanley Ramírez's RBI single made it 4−3 Indians. Allen pitched a scoreless ninth despite allowing a single and walk as the Indians completed a sweep of the Red Sox. This was David Ortiz's 85th and final playoff game.
Composite line score
2016 ALDS (3–0): Cleveland Indians beat Boston Red Sox
References
External links
2016 American League Division Series Texas Rangers v Toronto Blue Jays at Baseball Reference
2016 American League Division Series Cleveland Indians v Boston Red Sox at Baseball Reference
American League Division Series
2016
Boston Red Sox postseason
Cleveland Indians postseason
Texas Rangers postseason
Toronto Blue Jays postseason
American League Division Series
American League Division Series
Sports competitions in Boston
American League Division Series
American League Division Series
American League Division Series
21st century in Arlington, Texas
American League Division Series
American League Division Series
Fenway Park
Geodia hirsuta is a species of sponge in the family Geodiidae. The species is found in the waters of Indonesia and was first described by Sollas in 1886 as Cydonium hirsutum.
References
Tetractinellida
Sponges described in 1886
Taxa named by William Johnson Sollas
Paraphyonus is a genus of blind cusk eels found in the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific Oceans. This genus was created for species formerly classified under Aphyonus when sampling of specimens showed that the type species of Aphyonus, A. gelatinosus, was not closely related to the other known species in the genus, including the newly identified species P. iselini and P. merretti. This work also brought Barathronus solomonensis into the new genus. The result of this classification is that Aphyonus would be a monotypic genus.
Species
There are currently 6 recognized species in this genus:
Paraphyonus bolini (J. G. Nielsen, 1974)
Paraphyonus brevidorsalis (J. G. Nielsen, 1969)
Paraphyonus iselini J. G. Nielsen, 2015 * Paraphyonus merretti J. G. Nielsen, 2015
Paraphyonus rassi (J. G. Nielsen, 1975)
Paraphyonus solomonensis (J. G. Nielsen & Møller, 2008)
References
Aphyonidae
TV Simić or is a local commercial television channel based in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The program is mainly produced in Serbian. TV station was established in 1996. TV Simić reports on local events in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska entity and BiH.
References
External links
www.tvsimic.com
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mass media in Banja Luka
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 1996
Gangneung Asan Hospital (강릉아산병원) is a tertiary referral hospital in Gangneung, South Korea. It was established by Asan Foundation and its founder Chung Ju-yung. It is the 2nd largest member hospital (825 beds) of Asan Health Network which consists of 8 hospitals including Asan Medical Center in Seoul since it opened in 1996. Gangneung Asan Hospital is one of teaching hospitals for University of Ulsan College of Medicine.
References
Teaching hospitals in South Korea
Hospitals established in 1996
Saturday's Warrior is a religious-themed musical written by Douglass Stewart and Lex de Azevedo about a family who are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The musical tells the story of a group of children that are born into a Latter-day Saint family after making various promises in the premortal life. Two of the children, Jimmy and Julie, encounter personal struggles that help them rediscover and fulfill their foreordained missions in life. Although no explicit time frame is given in the dialogue, certain contextual clues (in particular, a song that references the Zero population growth movement) suggest that the story takes place in the then-current and then-recent period of the late 1960s or early '70s, similar to other religious musicals such as Godspell and Jesus Christ Superstar.
The musical explores the Latter-day Saint doctrines and views on the plan of salvation, premortal life, foreordination, and eternal marriage. It depicts abortion and birth control as being contrary to the divine plan of salvation.
Saturday's Warrior was first performed in California in 1973 as a college project. In early spring 1974, the play was performed at Brigham Young University's (BYU) Spring Arts Festival by a cast of BYU students. Bob Williams made a video version of the musical in 1989, setting it on a stage as opposed to giving the movie a more naturalistic look. It is among the first popular LDS films to not be made or sponsored by the LDS Church or BYU. Stewart wrote two sequels, Star Child (music by Gaye Beeson) which debuted in 1981, and The White Star (music by Janice Kapp Perry) which debuted in 2007. In 2016, de Azevedo and Stewart produced another filmed remake with a more naturalized look.
Plot
While waiting in the pre-mortal Life to be born, a family of eight children promise each other that they will always be there for each other ("Pullin' Together"). The youngest, Emily, is afraid that when their turn to be born comes around, their parents will be tired of having kids, and they won't be born into their family. The oldest, Jimmy, promises Emily they will personally see to it they will be born into their family. Julie—the second-oldest daughter—and Tod—another spirit in the pre-mortal life—promise each other that, while on earth, they will somehow find each other and get married ("Circle of Our Love").
However, finding themselves on Earth and living a mortal life, no one remembers the promises they made before they were born. Julie finds themselves desperately in love with Wally Kestler, who is now leaving to serve a two-year mission. Julie promises she'll wait for them ("Will I Wait For You?"). Jimmy is a typical confused teenager, influenced by peer pressure and rebellious against their parents. They find themselves in the company of other teenagers who are critical of their parents for having such a large family and advocate philosophies such as zero population growth and legalized abortion ("Zero Population"). Because of their influence, they become upset when they learn their parents are going to have another baby (Emily). Pam, Jimmy's twin sister, who has medical problems and can't walk, talks to Jimmy and tries to help them sort things out ("Line Upon Line"). Jimmy is still confused and leaves home to live with their friends. But when Jimmy has a chance encounter and conversation with a non-Mormon named Tod Richards ("Voices") and then gets a phone call from their family telling them Pam has died, they begin some serious personal reflection ("Brace Me Up"). They decide to return to their family.
Meanwhile, Julie gets engaged to another man, Peter, and writes a "Dear John letter" to Wally while he's still on their mission ("He's Just a Friend/Dear John"). Wally is devastated, but their companion, Elder Green, convinces them to "shape up" and keep preaching the Gospel ("Humble Way"). Though the two companions have not had much success proselyting, they find Tod, who has been searching for answers ("Paper Dream") and teach them by the Spirit. Julie decides they don't want to marry Peter after all, but when Wally comes home from their mission, they bring Tod with him, and Julie realizes he's the man she's been searching for all their life ("Feelings of Forever"). At the climax of the movie, Pam dies and meets Emily in Heaven. They joyously reunite, then say goodbye as Pam must ascend into the afterlife at the same time as Emily must descend from the pre-life into their new mortal body as they are born. The main title song, "Saturday's Warrior", is played as a finale.
Production history
Saturday's Warrior was first produced at BYU in the spring of 1974 with Stewart, de Azevedo, and Harold Oaks, of the BYU theatrical department, being the moving forces behind the production. Azevedo was only lightly involved with the BYU production but later in 1974 staged a production in Los Angeles that was billed as having the original cast.
A 1975 run in Salt Lake City and Spanish Fork, Utah was very successful.
Cast
Erik Hickenlooper as Jimmy
Cori Jacobsen as Julie
Davison Cheney as Tod
Bart Hickenlooper as Wally
D.L. Walker as Harold Greene
Marianne Thompson as Pam
Marvin Payne as Dad
Gay Parvis as Mom
Mary Greenwood as Shelly
Jared Christensen as Benjy
Kelsi Osborn as Alice
Matthew Lewis as Ernie
Rebecca Tate as Emily
Michelle Schaertl as Baby Emily
Judy Hibbert as Matron
Travis Tanner as Mack
Judy Gubler as Angel
Musical numbers
Musical Numbers, as included in the original play soundtrack:
"Saturday's Warrior"
"Circle of Our Love"
"Pullin' Together"
"Humble Way"
"Sailing On"
"Will I Wait For You?"
"Daddy's Nose"
"Zero Population"
"Didn't We Love Him?"
"Line Upon Line"
"He's Just a Friend/Dear John"
"Humble Way Reprise" (FV)
"Paper Dream"
"Summer of Fair Weather"
"Saturday's Warrior Reprise" (SV)
"Voices" (SV)
"Brace Me Up"
"Brace Me Up Production Number"
"Paper Dream Reprise I"
"Paper Dream Reprise II" (FV)
"Feelings of Forever"
"Saturday's Warrior Finale"
(SV) Stage Version only(FV) Film Version only
Reception
Saturday's Warrior is not well known outside the LDS Church. The themes of Saturday's Warrior, however, resound with many church members, especially regarding "the last days".
The Los Angeles Times reviewer described the production as "pleasant lively and well-sung,... with an emphasis on close family ties."
2016 film
After resisting the idea for many years, de Azevedo and Stewart decided to make a film version of the musical, which opened in 2016. The film is directed by Michael Buster, who co-wrote the script with Heather Ravarino.
de Azevedo wrote three new songs for the movie version.
Production
The force behind this production largely came from de Azevedo's daughters, Emilie and Rachel. It has been criticized as having very poor production quality. Others have felt it was a well-produced work that truly moved the stage production into the realm of film.
Cast
Kenny Holland as Jimmy Flinders
Jacob Buster as Ernie Flinders
Monica Moore Smith as Julie Flinders
Mason D. Davis as Tod Richards
Bailee M. Johnson as Shelley Flinders
Caroline Labrum as Alice Flinders
Pete Day as Mr. Kestler
Katie E. Curran as Flight Attendant
Grace Hallows as Grace
Carlton Bluford as Mack
Chelsea Jurkiewicz as Bus Girl
Alex Boyé as The Heavenly Guide
Anna Daines as Pam Flinders
Brian Clark as Adam Flinders
Alison Akin Clark as Terri Flinders
Morgan Gunter as Elder Greene
Clint Pulver as Elder Kestler
James Bounous as Peter
Cameo
The Piano Guys
Crew
Michael Buster (Director/Writer)
Lex de Azevedo (Writer/Executive Producer/Producer)
Heather Ravarino (Writer)
Duane Andersen (Co-Producer)
Emilie de Azevedo Brown (Executive Producer)
Rachel Coleman (Executive Producer)
Jarrod Phillips (Producer)
Bonnie Story (Choreographer)
Soundtrack
See also
Added Upon
References
Association for Mormon letters composite of articles on Saturday's Warrior
External links
1973 musicals
Latter Day Saint plays and pageants
Musicals based on religious traditions
1980s musical films
1989 films
Films shot in Utah
Mormon cinema
Films scored by Lex de Azevedo
1980s English-language films
Leonardo Rios Marques is a Brazilian singer songwriter, music producer, sound engineer and owner of the Ilha do Corvo studios, and is one of the founders of the La Femme Qui Roule. record label. They studied at Fundação de Educação Artística in Belo Horizonte, the Silverlake Conservatory of Music in Los Angeles, California and at UFMG (Federal University of Minas Gerais).
Background
Marques was the guitar player of the band Diesel (later called Udora). The band was on the main line up of the Rock in Rio III Festival, playing for over 250 thousand people as a opening act for the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Silverchair and Deftones. They moved to Los Angeles with the band and signed a record deal with Clive Davis (J-records/RCA) and worked with Matt Wallace (Maroon 5, Faith no more) Gavin Mackillop (Goo Goo Dolls, Toad the wet sprocket) Camus (David Byrne, Arto Lindsay) Bob Marlette (Black Sabbath, Tracy Chapman, Alice Cooper) e Thom Russo, 16th times Grammy Award (Michael Jackson, Audioslave, Johnny Cash, Maná).
Moving back to Brazil they recorded for Som Livre their last work with Udora, co-produced with Henrique Portugal (Skank) and founded the band Transmissor, which has 3 studio records - Sociedade do Crivo Mútuo (2008), Nacional (2011) e De Lá Não Ando Só (2014) - the last one produced by Carlos Eduardo Miranda (Skank, O Rappa, Cansei de Ser Sexy, Mundo Livre SA).
Solo career
Leonardo Marques has released three solo records - "Dia e noite no mesmo céu” (2012), "Curvas, lados, linhas tortas sujas e discretas” (2015), which was released in Japan by Disk Union, where they toured in 2015, and in 2018 they released their third solo record - “Early Bird” on CD by Think Records/Disk Union in Japan. Also released in the US, Europe and Japan on vinyl through the French record label 180g together with Disk Union.
Latest Productions
Among with the releases of over 100 records, singles and EPs, in 2018 Rolling Stone magazine featured “Thinking Out Loud” by the band Moons one of the best 25 records of the year which Leonardo recorded, produced, mixed and mastered. Long time collaborator with the band Maglore, They produced together with Rafael Ramos (Titãs, Elza Soares, João Donato, Pitty) the latest two records released by Deck Disc - "III" (2015) and “Todas as bandeiras” (2017). They also featured as a guitar player on Maglore's 2019 DVD “Maglore Ao Vivo”, recorded at Cine Joia, São Paulo - Brazil.
In October 2018 they recorded Milton Nascimento together with the Californian record producer Jonathan Wilson (Roger Waters, Father John Misty, Dawes, Jackson Browne) the drummer and producer Joey Waronker (R.E.M, Beck, Atoms for peace, Roger Waters) and the bass player and Producer Gus Seyffert (Black Keys, Beck, Dr. Dog, Roger Waters, Norah Jones).
They produced several releases For Natura Musical, including Iconili's latest album, “Quintais”, featured Paulo Santos (Uakti), and Azul Flamingo EP produced together with Pupillo (Nação Zumbi, Céu, Erasmo Carlos, Gal Costa, Nando Reis) and also Teago Oliveira (Maglore) first solo record
In 2020 Leonardo Marques featured on two tracks of Maxime Guiguet's (Blundetto) sixth studio record entitled “Good Good Things”, ten years after their debut with “Bad Bad Things”, featuring also the Moroccan singer Hindi Zahra and Hervé Salters, member of General Elektriks.
Discography
Diesel
Diesel (2000)
Independent release
Udora
Liberty Square (2005)
Goodbye, Alô (2008)
Independent release
Transmissor
Sociedade do Crivo Mútuo (2008)
Nacional (2011)
De Lá Não Ando Só (2014)
Record Label - Ultra music
Solo career
Dia e noite no mesmo céu (2012)
Curvas, lados, linhas tortas sujas e discretas (2015)
Early Bird (2018)
Record Label - La Femme aqui Roule
Think Records - Disk Union
180g
Maglore
III (2015)
Todas as bandeiras (2017)
Maglore Ao vivo (2019)
Record Label - Deck Disc
Congo Congo
Congo Congo (2017)
Record Label - La Femme Qui Roule
Blundetto
Good Good Things - (2020)
Record Label - Heavenly sweetness
References
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian rock musicians
Alternative rock musicians
Folk musicians
Indie musicians
Brazilian record producers
The Great Green Wall, officially known as the Three-North Shelter Forest Program (), also known as the Three-North Shelterbelt Program, is a series of human-planted windbreaking forest strips (shelterbelts) in China, designed to hold back the expansion of the Gobi Desert, and provide timber to the local population. The program started in 1978, and is planned to be completed around 2050, at which point it will be long.
The project's name indicates that it is to be carried out in all three of the northern regions: the North, the Northeast and the Northwest. This project has historical precedences dating back to before the Common Era. However, in premodern periods, government sponsored afforestation projects along the historical frontier regions were mostly for military fortification.
Effects of the Gobi Desert
China has seen of grassland overtaken every year by the Gobi Desert. Each year, dust storms blow off as much as of topsoil, and the storms are increasing in severity each year. These storms also have serious agricultural effects for other nearby countries, such as Japan, North Korea, and South Korea. The Green Wall project was begun in 1978, with the proposed end result of raising northern China's forest cover from 5 to 15 percent, thereby reducing desertification.
Methodology and progress
The fourth phase of the project, started in 2003, has two parts: the use of aerial seeding to cover wide swathes of land where the soil is less arid, and the offering of cash incentives to farmers to plant trees and shrubs in areas that are more arid. A $1.2 billion oversight system (including mapping and surveillance databases) is also to be implemented. The "wall" will have a belt with sand-tolerant vegetation arranged in checkerboard patterns to stabilize the sand dunes. A gravel platform will be next to the vegetation to hold down sand and encourage a soil crust to form. The trees should also serve as a windbreak from dust storms.
Individual efforts
As the Chinese State has made efforts to fight the dust storms that have taken over parts of the Grasslands with the rapid use of afforestation. There are various examples of individuals taking it upon themselves to combat the harsh unforgiving environment that the sand brings. Yin Yuzhen and Li Yungsheng are both predominant figures who have combated the environments that they resided in. Their efforts have taken decades to achieve and have transformed ecosystems into vibrant and lush oases in what otherwise would be a barren wasteland.
Yin Yuzhen took it themselves to singlehandedly plant trees rehabilitation the desolate environment in the Uxin Banner of China's Semi-Arid Western landscape. Yin's afforestation efforts have been recognized by individuals such as Chinese Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping, who, during the 2020 National People's Congress, described the actions of those such as Yin as a remarkable achievement and an overall improvement of the ecology in China.
Measuring success
As of 2009, China's planted forest covered more than 500,000 square kilometers (increasing tree cover from 12% to 18%) – the largest artificial forest in the world. In 2008, winter storms destroyed 10% of the new forest stock, causing the World Bank to advise China to focus more on quality rather than quantity in its stock species.
Problems and criticism
If the trees succeed in taking root, they could soak up large amounts of groundwater, which would be extremely problematic for arid regions like northern China. Research of reforested areas of the loess plateau has found that the planted vegetation used decreased the moisture from deeper soil levels to some degree compared to farmland.
Land erosion and overfarming have halted planting in many areas of the project. China's increasing levels of pollution have also weakened the soil, causing it to be unusable in many areas.
Furthermore, planting blocks of fast-growing trees reduces the biodiversity of forested areas, creating areas that are not suitable to plants and animals normally found in forests. "China plants more trees than the rest of the world combined", says John McKinnon, the head of the EU-China Biodiversity Programme. "But the trouble is they tend to be monoculture plantations. They are not places where birds want to live." The lack of diversity also makes the trees more susceptible to disease, as in 2000, when one billion poplar trees in Ningxia were lost to a single disease, setting back 20 years of planting efforts.
Liu Tuo, head of the desertification control office in the state forestry administration, is of the opinion that there are huge gaps in the country's efforts to reclaim the land that has become desert. In 2011, there was around 1.73 million km2 of land that had become desert in China, of which 530,000 km2 was treatable. But at the present rate of treating 1,717 km2 per year, it would take 300 years to reclaim the land that has become desert.
The worry is that the fragile land cannot support such massive, forced growth.
Relations to climate change
China's forest scientists argued that monoculture tree plantations are more effective at absorbing the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide than slow-growth forests, so while diversity may be lower, the trees purportedly help to offset China's carbon emissions.
See also
Buffer strip
Energy-efficient landscaping
Great Green Wall (Africa)
Great Plains Shelterbelt, 1930s–40s, US
Great Plan for the Transformation of Nature, 1940s–50s, Soviet Union
Macro-engineering
Sand fence
Seawater greenhouse
Deforestation and climate change
Mu Us Desert, a desert affected by the Great Green Wall
List of countries by carbon dioxide emissions
References
External links
China's Great Green Wall
China's forest shelter project dubbed "green Great Wall"
Grassland ecology to curb sandstorms
Taming the Yellow Dragon - The Korea Herald
Desert greening
Desertification
Forestry in China
Forestry initiatives
Gobi Desert
Environmental issues in China
Macro-engineering
Reforestation
1978 in the environment
Climate change in China
Johanna Konta defeated Zhang Shuai in the final, 6–2, 6–1, to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2021 Nottingham Open. The win earned Konta their fourth career singles title, their first since 2017, and made them the first British player to win a WTA Tour singles title on home soil since Sue Barker in 1981. This would also be Konta's final title before they announced their retirement in December 2021 due to a long-term knee injury.
Caroline Garcia was the defending champion from when the event was last held in 2019, but they did not return to compete.
This tournament also marked the WTA Tour main draw debut of British player and future US Open champion Emma Raducanu.
Seeds
All seeds received byes into the second round.
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Lucky losers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
Fifth qualifier
Sixth qualifier
Seventh qualifier
Eighth qualifier
References
External Links
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Nottingham Open - Singles
2021 Women's Singles
2021 Nottingham Open
2021 in British sport
The Pre-Olympic tournaments of the Asian Qualifiers for the 1984 Summer Olympic were held from 12 August 1983 to 29 April 1984. Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Qatar qualified.
First round
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Note: Saudi Arabia played home and away matches; the other four countries played tournaments in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur.
Group 4
Group 5
Second round
Group 1
Saudi Arabia won the group and qualified for the 1984 Summer Olympics football tournament.
Group 2
Qatar won the group and qualified for the 1984 Summer Olympics football tournament.
Playoff match
Iraq won the play-off and qualified for the 1984 Summer Olympics football tournament.
References
External links
Football Qualifying Tournament (Los Angeles, USA, 1984) - Zone Asia - rsssf.com
Asia
Football at the Summer Olympics – Men's Asian Qualifiers
The following lists events that happened in 2006 in Turkey.
Incumbents
President: Ahmet Necdet Sezer
Prime Minister: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
Events
January
January 4 – Turkey announces two confirmed human cases of the avian influenza.
January 6 – A third child from the same family in eastern Turkey dies of H5N1 avian influenza. Hülya Koçyiğit, 11, was the sister of Mehmet Ali, 14, who died last weekend, and of Fatma, 15, who died on Thursday. They were the third human fatality outside China and South-East Asia. A six-year-old brother is also being treated for the same disease.
January 10 – A fifteenth case of H5N1 is reported in Turkey. However, the Turkish government declares that the virus is "under control".
January 20 – Turkish police are reported to have taken into custody, Mehmet Ali Ağca, the man who shot Pope John Paul II in 1981 after an appeals court ordered their return to prison to serve more time for killing a journalist.
February
February 9 – Istanbul's police chief said a bomb blast at an Internet café in the city had wounded 14 people.
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Years of the 21st century in Turkey
2000s in Turkey
Turkey
Turkey
Bremgarten Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Bremgarten of the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The first castle at Bremgarten was the ancestral home of the Barons of Bremgarten, who are first mentioned during the mid-12th century. The Barons' family church, St. Michaels, was first mentioned in 1275, though it was probably from the 10th or 11th century. The Barons ruled over lands that stretched along the Aare river at least as far as from Worblaufen to Kirchlindach. In early 1298, Fribourg and their allied nobles, including the Barons of Bremgarten, fought Bern in the Jammer valley at Donnerbühl. The battle was a Bernese victory and shortly thereafter Bern conquered and burned Bremgarten town and after a short siege destroyed the castle.
By 1306 the three Bremgarten brothers had a ruined town, a ruined castle and mounting debts. They were forced to sell their lands, castle, rights and ferry to the Knights Hospitaller commandry of Buchsee (Münchenbuchsee). The commandry rebuilt the ruined town and castle and made it into a residence and headquarters of the commander. During the Protestant Reformation in 1528, the last Commander of the commandery, Peter Englisberg, supported the secularization of the Commandery and was allowed to retire to Bremgarten Castle as a reward.
After the death of Peter Englisberg in 1528 the Bernese government sold the land and castle to the conqueror of Vaud, Schultheiss Hans Franz Nägeli. They demolished the old castle, except for the keep and curtain walls, and had a renaissance country manor built. After the death of Schultheiss Nägeli in 1579 the castle went to the Knight banneret Ludwig Brüggler who had married Nägeli's second daughter. After the death of Brüggler in 1598, it was bought by Knight banneret Niklaus Kilchberg who gave it to their son, also named Niklaus. It remained with the Kilchberg family until 1727 when it was sold to Marc Elie de Chemilleret of Biel for 15,000 pounds. In 1743 it went to Gabriel von Wattenwyl who was the nephew of Marc Elie's second wife, Magdalena von Watteville. Fischer von Reichenbach bought it in 1761 for 80,000 pounds, but sold it four years later in 1765 to Albrecht Frisching.
Albrecht Frisching was a professor of the Greek language in Bern, had been a member of the Grand Council in 1775 and governor of Landshut from 1782 to 1789. By 1780 Frisching completely rebuilt the old castle converting it into a baroque summer palace. They had the entrance to the castle expanded and rebuilt. The castle hill was built up and leveled to create a spacious courtyard and gardens around the castle. In 1803, after the Act of Mediation, Albrecht Frisching refused a seat on the Grand Council and instead retired to Bremgarten Castle.
The Swiss painter Ricco grew up in the castle where their parents Max and Tilli Wassmer threw lavish parties with well-known poets, painters and composers. Hermann Hesse described the atmosphere in the short novel Journey to the East.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Swiss castles.ch website
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Christoph Wolff (born 24 May 1940) is a German musicologist.  They are best known for their works on the music, life, and period of Johann Sebastian Bach. Christoph Wolff is an emeritus professor of Harvard University, and was part of the faculty since 1976, and former director of the Bach Archive in Leipzig from 2001 to 2014.
Life and career
They were born in Solingen, the son of theologian Hans Walter Wolff. They studied organ and historical keyboard instruments, musicology, and art history at the Universities of Berlin, Erlangen, and the Music Academy of Freiburg, receiving a performance diploma in 1963 and a PhD in 1966. Wolff taught music history at Erlangen, Toronto, Princeton, and Columbia Universities before joining the Harvard faculty in 1976 as Professor of Music and retiring in 2014. They were also on the graduate faculty of the Juilliard School from 2010–2018. A member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, the Saxon Academy of Sciences, the Académie für Mozart-Forschung (he chaired it from 1996–2006) and since 2015 a member of the Order Pour le Mérite for Sciences and the Arts, they also hold an honorary professorship at the University of Freiburg, Germany.
Publications and media
Their books include Bach: Essays on Their Life and Music (Cambridge, 1991), Mozart's Requiem (Berkeley, 1994), The New Bach Reader (New York, 1998), Johann Sebastian Bach: The Learned Musician, which was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in 2001 (New York, 2000), and Bach's Musical Universe: The Composer and Their Work (W.W. Norton, 2020). In 2013, their Mozart at the Gateway to Their Fortune won an ASCAP-Deems Taylor Award. Wolff was interviewed about Bach's The Art of Fugue in the documentary film Desert Fugue.
Awards and recognition
They were awarded the IRC Harrison Medal of the Society for Musicology in Ireland in 2004 and the Royal Academy of Music/Kohn Foundation Bach Prize in 2006. Also they were awarded the Dent Medal of the International Musicological Society in 1978, the Humboldt Research Prize in 1996, the Otto Kinkeldey Award of the American Musicological Society in 2000 for Johann Sebastian Bach; the Learned Musician.
References
External links
Home page at Harvard University
Harvard at Home: online lectures by Christoph Wolff
Home page of the Bach Archive in Leipzig
Bach & Friends documentary
1940 births
21st-century conductors (music)
American musicologists
Bach musicians
Bach scholars
Columbia University faculty
German emigrants to the United States
German musicologists
Harvard University faculty
Hochschule für Musik Freiburg alumni
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Living people
People from Belmont, Massachusetts
People from Solingen
Princeton University faculty
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (civil class)
Winners of the Royal Academy of Music/ Kohn Foundation Bach Prize
Veronica triphyllos is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name finger speedwell, or fingered speedwell. It is native to Europe and western Asia, and it can be found elsewhere as an introduced species, for example, in some parts of the United States. It is an annual herb growing from a taproot and producing a hairy, glandular, branching or unbranched stem up to about 20 centimeters in maximum height. The deeply lobed leaves are rarely more than a centimeter in length. The hairy blades are borne in opposite pairs on the stem. The inflorescence at the tip of the stem produces deep blue flowers a few millimeters wide.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
triphyllos
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Watanabe was born in Tokyo on May 12, 1977. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, they joined J1 League club Urawa Reds in 2001. On November 24, they debuted as substitute midfielder from the 88th minute against Nagoya Grampus Eight in last match in 2001 J1 League. On December 24, they played as substitute midfielder from the 89th minute against JEF United Ichihara in Emperor's Cup. However they could only play these match until 2002 and retired end of 2002 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
University of Tsukuba alumni
Association football people from Tokyo
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
Urawa Red Diamonds players
Association football midfielders
Marcel Matis (born in Romania) is a retired Romanian footballer.
References
Romanian footballers
Living people
Association football midfielders
Cincinnati Riverhawks players
Cincinnati Kings players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Podhorce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
In computing, Physical Address Extension (PAE), sometimes referred to as Page Address Extension,
is a memory management feature for the x86 architecture. PAE was first introduced by Intel in the Pentium Pro, and later by AMD in the Athlon processor. It defines a page table hierarchy of three levels (instead of two), with table entries of 64 bits each instead of 32, allowing these CPUs to directly access a physical address space larger than 4 gigabytes (232 bytes).
The page table structure used by x86-64 CPUs when operating in long mode further extends the page table hierarchy to four levels, extending the virtual address space, and uses additional physical address bits at all levels of the page table, extending the physical address space. It also uses the topmost bit of the 64-bit page table entry as a no-execute or "NX" bit, indicating that code cannot be executed from the associated page. The NX feature is also available in protected mode when these CPUs are running a 32-bit operating system, provided that the operating system enables PAE.
History
PAE was first implemented in the Intel Pentium Pro in 1995, although the accompanying chipsets usually lacked support for the required extra address bits.
PAE is supported by the Pentium Pro, Pentium II, Pentium III, and Pentium 4 processors. The first Pentium M family processors ("Banias") introduced in 2003 also support PAE; however, they do not show the PAE support flag in their CPUID information. It was also available on AMD processors including the AMD Athlon (although the chipsets are limited to 32-bit addressing) and later AMD processor models.
When AMD defined their 64-bit extension of the industry standard x86 architecture, AMD64 or x86-64, they also enhanced the paging system in "long mode" based on PAE.
It supports 64-bit virtual addresses ( 48 bits are implemented), 52-bit physical addresses,
and includes NX bit functionality.
When the x86-64 processor is initialized, the PAE feature is required to be enabled before the processor is switched from Legacy Mode to Long Mode.
Design
With PAE, the page table entry of the x86 architecture is enlarged from 32 to 64 bits. This allows more room for the physical page address, or "page frame number" field, in the page table entry. In the initial implementations of PAE the page frame number field was expanded from 20 to 24 bits. The size of the "byte offset" from the address being translated is still 12 bits, so total physical address size increases from 32 bits to 36 bits (i.e. from 20+12 to 24+12). This increased the physical memory that is theoretically addressable by the CPU from 4 GB to 64 GB.
In the first processors that supported PAE, support for larger physical addresses is evident in their package pinout, with address pin designations going up to A35 instead of stopping at A31. Later processor families use interconnects such as Hypertransport or QuickPath Interconnect, which lack dedicated memory address signals, so this relationship is less apparent.
The 32-bit size of the virtual address is not changed, so regular application software continues to use instructions with 32-bit addresses and (in a flat memory model) is limited to 4 gigabytes of virtual address space. Operating systems supporting this mode use page tables to map the regular 4 GB virtual address space into the physical memory, which, depending on the operating system and the rest of the hardware platform, may be as big as 64 GB. The mapping is typically applied separately for each process, so that the additional RAM is useful even though no single process can access it all simultaneously.
Later work associated with AMD's development of x86-64 architecture expanded the theoretical possible size of physical addresses to 52 bits.
Page table structures
In protected mode with paging enabled (bit 31, PG, of control register CR0 is set), but without PAE, x86 processors use a two-level page translation scheme. Control register CR3 holds the page-aligned physical address of a single 4 KB long page directory. This is divided into 1024 four-byte page directory entries that in turn, if valid, hold the page-aligned physical addresses of page tables, each 4 KB in size. These similarly consist of 1024 four-byte page table entries which, if valid, hold the page-aligned physical addresses of 4 KB long pages of physical memory (RAM).
Enabling PAE (by setting bit 5, PAE, of the system register CR4) causes major changes to this scheme. By default, the size of each page remains as 4 KB. Each entry in the page table and page directory becomes 64 bits long (8 bytes), instead of 32 bits, to allow for additional address bits. However, the size of each table does not change, so both table and directory now have only 512 entries. Because this allows only one half of the entries of the original scheme, an extra level of hierarchy has been added, so CR3 now points physically to a Page Directory Pointer Table, a short table containing four pointers to page directories.
The entries in the page directory have an additional flag in bit 7, named PS (for page size). If the system has set this bit to 1, the page directory entry does not point to a page table but to a single, large 2 MB page (Page Size Extension).
In all page table formats supported by x86 and x86-64, the 12 least significant bits of the page table entry are either interpreted by the memory management unit or are reserved for operating system use. In processors that implement the "no-execute" or "execution disable" feature, the most significant bit (bit 63) is the NX bit. The next eleven most significant bits (bits 52 through 62) are reserved for operating system use by both Intel and AMD's architecture specifications. Thus, from 64 bits in the page table entry, 12 low-order and 12 high-order bits have other uses, leaving 40 bits (bits 12 though 51) for the physical page number. Combined with 12 bits of "offset within page" from the linear address, a maximum of 52 bits are available to address physical memory. This allows a maximum RAM configuration of 252 bytes, or 4 petabytes (about 4.5×1015 bytes).
On x86-64 processors in native long mode, the address translation scheme uses PAE but adds a fourth table, the 512-entry page-map level 4 table, and extends the page directory pointer table to 512 entries instead of the original 4 entries it has in protected mode. Currently 48 bits of virtual page number are translated, giving a virtual address space of up to 256 TB.
In the page table entries, in the original specification, 40 bits of physical page number are implemented.
Hardware support
Software can identify via the CPUID flag PAE whether a CPU supports PAE mode or not. A free-of-charge program for Microsoft Windows is available which will list many processor capabilities, including PAE support. In Linux, commands such as cat /proc/cpuinfo can list the pae flag when present, as well as other tools such as the SYSLINUX Hardware Detection Tool.
To run the processor in PAE mode, operating system support is required. To use PAE to access more than 4 GB of RAM, further support is required in the operating system, in the chipset, and on the motherboard. Some chipsets do not support physical memory addresses above 4 GB (FFFFFFFF in hexadecimal), and some motherboards simply do not have enough RAM sockets to allow the installation of more than 4 GB of RAM. Nevertheless, even if no more than 4 GB of RAM is available and accessible, a PAE-capable CPU may be run in PAE mode, for example to allow use of the No execute feature.
Operating system support
Microsoft Windows
32-bit versions of Microsoft Windows support PAE if booted with the appropriate option. According to Microsoft Technical Fellow Mark Russinovich, some drivers were found to be unstable when encountering physical addresses above 4GB.
The following table shows the memory limits for 32-bit versions of Microsoft Windows:
The original releases of Windows XP and Windows XP SP1 used PAE mode to allow RAM to extend beyond the 4 GB address limit. However, it led to compatibility problems with 3rd party drivers which led Microsoft to remove this capability in Windows XP Service Pack 2. Windows XP SP2 and later, by default, on processors with the no-execute (NX) or execute-disable (XD) feature, runs in PAE mode in order to allow NX. The NX bit resides in bit 63 of the page table entry and, without PAE, page table entries on 32-bit systems have only 32 bits; therefore PAE mode is required in order to exploit the NX feature. However, "client" versions of 32-bit Windows (Windows XP SP2 and later, Windows Vista, Windows 7) limit physical address space to the first 4 GB for driver compatibility even though these versions do run in PAE mode if NX support is enabled.
Windows 8 and later releases will only run on processors which support PAE, in addition to NX and SSE2.
macOS
Mac OS X Tiger through Mac OS X Snow Leopard support PAE and the NX bit on IA-32 processors; Snow Leopard was the last version to support IA-32 processors. On x86-64 processors, all versions of macOS use 4-level paging (IA-32e paging rather than PAE) to address memory above 4GB. Mac Pro and Xserve systems can use up to 64 GB of RAM.
Linux
The Linux kernel includes full PAE-mode support starting with version 2.3.23, in 1999 enabling access of up to 64 GB of memory on 32-bit machines. A PAE-enabled Linux kernel requires that the CPU also support PAE. The Linux kernel supports PAE as a build option and major distributions provide a PAE kernel either as the default or as an option.
The NX bit feature requires a kernel built with PAE support.
Linux distributions now commonly use a PAE-enabled kernel as the default, a trend that began in 2009. many, including Ubuntu (and derivatives like Xubuntu and Linux Mint), Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.0, and CentOS, have stopped distributing non-PAE kernels, thus making PAE-supporting hardware mandatory. Linux distributions that require PAE may refuse to boot on Pentium M family processors because they do not show the PAE support flag in their CPUID information (even though it is supported internally). However, this can be easily bypassed, at least in Ubuntu, with the forcepae option.
Distributions that still provide a non-PAE option, including Debian (and derivatives like LMDE 2 (Linux Mint Debian Edition)), Slackware, and LXLE, typically do so with "i386", "i486", or "retro" labels. The article Lightweight Linux distribution does list some others, allowing to install Linux onto old computers.
Others
FreeBSD and NetBSD also support PAE as a kernel build option. FreeBSD supports PAE in the 4.x series starting with 4.9, in the 5.x series starting with 5.1, and in all 6.x and later releases. Support requires the kernel PAE configuration-option. Loadable kernel modules can only be loaded into a kernel with PAE enabled if the modules were built with PAE enabled; the binary modules in FreeBSD distributions are not built with PAE enabled, and thus cannot be loaded into PAE kernels. Not all drivers support more than 4 GB of physical memory; those drivers won't work correctly on a system with PAE.
OpenBSD has had support for PAE since 2006 with the standard GENERIC i386 kernel. GeNUA mbH supported the initial implementation. Since release 5.0 PAE has had a series of changes, in particular changes to i386 MMU processing for PMAP, see pmap(9).
Solaris supports PAE beginning with Solaris version 7. However, third-party drivers used with version 7 which do not specifically include PAE support may operate erratically or fail outright on a system with PAE.
Haiku added initial support for PAE sometime after the R1 Alpha 2 release. With the release of R1 Alpha 3 PAE is now officially supported.
ArcaOS has limited support for PAE for the purpose of creating RAM disks above the 4 GB boundary.
See also
Page Size Extension
PCI hole
PSE-36
Architecture of Windows NT
3 GB barrier
Large Physical Address Extension (LPAE) – in the ARM architecture
Intel 5-level paging
References
Further reading
X86 architecture
Virtual memory
Memory management
X86 memory management
