Illowa is a small town located in the Western District, in Victoria, Australia. In the , Illowa had a population of 304.
References
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Penthimiini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae. Penthimiini contains 46 genera and over 200 species.
Genera
There are currently 46 described genera in Penthimiini:
References
Deltocephalinae
is a Japanese former football player.
Playing career
Sato was born in Matsudo on July 19, 1978. After graduating from high school, they joined Japan Football League club Tokyo Gas (later FC Tokyo) in 1998. The club was promoted to new league J2 League from 1999. However they could hardly play in the match and left the club end of 1999 season. After 1 year blank, they joined Prefectural Leagues club Okinawa Kariyushi FC in 2001. The club was promoted to Regional Leagues from 2002. In 2003, they moved to Prefectural Leagues club FC Ryukyu. The club was promoted to Regional Leagues from 2005. In 2006, they moved to J2 club Tokyo Verdy. In 2007, they moved to FC Ryukyu again. They retired end of 2007 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Association football people from Chiba Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League (1992–1998) players
Japan Football League players
FC Tokyo players
FC Ryukyu players
Tokyo Verdy players
Association football midfielders
Levan Gachechiladze () (born 20 July 1964) is a Georgian politician and business person who ran as the main opposition candidate in the 5 January 2008 Georgian presidential election.
Life and family
Gachechiladze currently lives in Tbilisi, the city where they were born. They were educated at Tbilisi Ivane Javakhishvili State University with a degree in mathematics and economics.
 They are married, with three children.
Their brother is the popular Georgian showman and TV show producer Giorgi Gachechiladze, known as Utsnobi (literally: "unknown" or "stranger").
Business activities
Levan Gachechiladze's rise to fame started with first of its kind Franco-Georgian wine alliance, which they secured between their company Georgian Wines & Spirits and French Pernod Ricard during the very volatile post-soviet years for Georgia. Gachechiladze's vision for transforming the industry included raising prices on largely overlooked Georgian wines and spearheading their distribution throughout Europe, and with backing of the wine business powerhouse Pernod Ricard they achieved just that. Receiving two rounds of financing amounting to $150 thousand and $5+ million over the span of several years, Gachechiladze secured cross-border capital investment that at that time was unprecedented both in significance and size. The ultimate result of their effort was introduction of market economy mindset to the Georgian wine industry and its eventual shift towards quality and premium-priced produce.
For their achievements, Gachechiladze was named Businessman of the Year and Georgian Wines & Spirits was named Company of the Year in 1999. Gachechiladze's personal wealth is estimated to be $USD10 million.
Currently Gachechiladze is involved with multiple businesses and lobbying activities. Together with their brother, they are also the owner of TV Station Maestro.
Political career
In 1999, Gachechiladze became member of ruling Union of Citizens of Georgia party led by president Eduard Shevardnadze in party's group of "new faces" for election. In same year, Gachechiladze became member of parliament from district 2. In September 2000 they left the ruling party and co-founded the 'New Faction', a group led by David Gamkrelidze. In June 2001, when the New Faction was absorbed into a new group called the New Rights Party (NRP), Gachechiladze became chairperson of the new group.
Gachechiladze had previously served as chairperson of the Economic Policy Committee, and in this capacity initiated numerous reforms targeted at transitioning the country from planned to market economy.
Gachechiladze was involved in the demonstrations held in Tbilisi in November 2007. They were one of four activists who began a hunger strike to demand early parliamentary elections. They were also injured during the protests.
Candidacy in 2008 presidential elections
On 12 November 2007 Gachechiladze was named as a candidate for the January 2008 Georgian presidential election. Their candidacy was supported by the 'Joint Opposition', a coalition of some ten opposition parties:
Republican Party
Conservative Party of Georgia
Georgia's Way
People's Front
Freedom Movement
Movement for United Georgia
National Forum
Georgian Troupe
On Our Own Party
On 5 January 2008 the Georgian presidential election was held nationwide with the exception of highland village Shatili, where the polling station was not opened due to a heavy snowstorm. The earliest exit polls, carried out by the group of non-governmental organisations and mass-media, suggested the victory of Mikheil Saakashvili with more than half of all the votes (52.5%). Official results according to Central Election Committee were 53.47% in favor of Saakashvili and 25.69% in favor of Levan Gachechiladze. What is notable though is that in Tbilisi district Gachechiladze received 43.65% of votes as opposed to Saakashvili's 35.12%, winning by far the largest district and the most educated population's vote. Despite announced Saakashvili's victory, Joint Opposition, all other opposition candidates and number of NGOs declared the elections rigged and stated that police force was used to support this process. Similar developments took place during 2008 parliament elections, that being the reason for Levan Gachechiladze and several of their supporters to decline entry into the parliament.
Late political career
Gachechiladze led 2009 and May 2010 protest with family members, which eventually weakened Saakashvili's power and ultimately led to its handover to the opposition in 2012.
References
1964 births
Living people
Politicians from Tbilisi
Businesspeople from Tbilisi
Members of the Parliament of Georgia
New Rights Party politicians
Germaine Poinso-Chapuis (6 March 1901, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône – 20 February 1981) was a French politician. They were the first woman to hold a Cabinet-level post in the French government. Them political convictions have been characterized as bearing the influence of both Catholic and feminist traditions.
Political career
Born Germaine Chapuis in the Bouches-du-Rhône district of Marseille, Poinso-Chapuis was one of the first women in the city to qualify and practice as a lawyer, passing the bar in 1921. They became active in the movement for women's suffrage in the 1930s. A Christian Democrat by conviction, they became an early member of the Parti démocrate populaire (PDP), the precursor to the Popular Republican Movement (MRP). Within the PDP they campaigned to increase political representation of women. During the Second World War, they were involved in the French Resistance. It was with the MRP that they entered the constituent parliament in 1945, winning election to the seat for their native Bouches-du-Rhône. Then, they were re-elected for the second constituent parliament of 1946, and in November 1946, during the legislative elections, they were elected member of the National Assembly (France), still as a deputy of Bouches-du-Rhône. They remained an advocate for women's rights throughout their career, arguing in 1946 for a change in regulations to allow women to serve as judges.
Poinso-Chapuis was in November 1947 appointed to the ministry of Public Health and Population in the government of Robert Schuman. In the month before the government fell, Poinso-Chapuis brought in a decree which gave an allowance to every parent of a French school child. They remained the only woman to have served as a minister of France until 1974, when Simone Veil took over the same portfolio.
The "Poinso-Chapuis decree"
In post Poinso-Chapuis introduced a number of measures, including to extend the provision of vaccination and to enhance the status of nurses. However, their name was most associated with a measure nicknamed the "décret Poinso-Chapuis". The May 1948 decree by Prime Minister Schuman, proposed to grant non-state family associations permission to receive public funds to be spent on child welfare provisions irrespective of whether the children were enrolled in secular state schools or in church-financed institutions.
The measure proved intensely controversial, with Education Minister Édouard Depreux claiming that it was invalid without their signature. Though the Council of State ruled that the measure was legal, its implementation was temporarily suspended. The affair proved poisonous both to Poinso-Chapuis's ministerial career and to the government of Schuman, who was shortly afterward replaced as Prime Minister (albeit only for a month) by the Radical André Marie. Poinso-Chapuis too, although they had never formally signed the decree, lost their post over the affair, being replaced by Pierre Schneiter.
Poinso-Chapuis nonetheless remained a member of the National Assembly, winning reelection in the 1951 elections. For the remainder of their career they voted largely with the MRP party line.
Personal life
Poinso-Chapuis was married in 1937 to Henri Poinso, a fellow lawyer, with whom they had two children.
Legacy
Several places are named after her, including a street in Poitiers and a technical high-school in Marseille.
Honours
Legion of Honour
Resistance Medal
Ordre de la Santé publique
References
External links
Review and summary, by Sylvie Chaperon, of Germaine Poinso-Chapuis: Femme d'État, by Yvonne Knibiehler, published in 1998.
1901 births
1981 deaths
20th-century French lawyers
20th-century women lawyers
Catholic feminists
French feminists
French Roman Catholics
French suffragists
Politicians from Marseille
Popular Democratic Party (France) politicians
Popular Republican Movement politicians
20th-century French women politicians
Mucilaginibacter dorajii is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from the rhizosphere of the plant Platycodon grandiflorus.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter dorajii at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2011
The Elrod House is a residence in Palm Springs, California designed by American architect John Lautner and constructed in 1968. It is located on the edge of a hill at 2175 Southridge Drive in Palm Springs, California. The construction of the house was ordered by Arthur Elrod, the interior designer.
One of Lautner's many houses in Southridge and Palm Springs as a whole, the Elrod House is one of their most famous structures and an example of their so-called free architecture, where architecture and nature are combined. When the house was built, the soil was excavated but the rocks were kept in place. These rocks are part of the interior of the house and run straight through the walls and windows.
Its best-known feature is the large circular concrete canopy above the main living area with a circular glass design. The living room incorporates large rocks and opens onto an outdoor swimming pool and a terrace that offers a view of Palm Springs and the San Jacinto Peak.
Culture and significance
The Elrod House's most notable appearance was as Willard Whyte's mansion in the 1971 James Bond film Diamonds Are Forever. The living room, swimming pool, and an interior room were displayed in the film.
The house has also been the site of photo shoots for adult publisher Playboy, and was featured in a 2010 tabloid from Yale University graphic design student Benjamin Critton.
The Elrod House was also showcased in the 2013 architecture documentary Infinite Space: The Architecture of Lautner.
Recent events
Real-estate investor Michael J. Kilroy bought the Elrod House from billionaire Ron Burkle in 2003 for $5.5 million. During their ownership, Burkle updated the mechanics and restored the interior furnishings.
In April 2014, The Desert Sun reported that accusations in court documents alleged that Kilroy—who also owns two other Southridge properties—had stopped paying mortgages, most HOA dues, and property taxes. The Desert Sun article said that the Southridge Property Owners Association of Palm Springs filed a lawsuit against Kilroy in May 2012 for over $148,730 in assessments. Kilroy had reportedly signed promissory notes that did not pay the full dues. UK lender Lloyds Bank plc also filed a suit against Kilroy in Riverside County Superior Court in mid-2012, alleging Kilroy owed near $1.8 million for missed mortgage payments, as well as legal and other fees. The Desert Sun also reported that high winds in January 2012 had "lifted roof shingles from homes and buffeted sections of the Elrod House." At the time of publication in 2014, the article stated that portions of the roof were covered by "tarp canopies." The article said that a trial in the Lloyds Bank lawsuit was set for April 2015.
In May 2016, the house was turned over to a bank and its asking price was reduced to $8 million from the previous asking price of $10.5 million (which reflected a 2009 reduction from the earlier reported price of $13.89 million).
References
Houses in Riverside County, California
Modernist architecture in California
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1966–67 season.
Overview
Al Arabi Kuwait won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Kuwait Premier League seasons
Kuwait
football
Hail Storm Hill, also known as Cowpe Moss, is the highest point of the Rossendale Valley, England, an area of moorland and hill country situated between the West Pennine Moors and the South Pennines. It is wholly within Lancashire, although the administrative county boundary with the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale passes just a kilometre to the south-east of the summit.
Scout Moor Wind Farm now spans Hail Storm Hill.
The Forest of Rossendale also contains the Marilyn of Freeholds Top and the summit of Great Hameldon.
Ascents
The shortest route to the summit is from the village of Cowpe just to the north, a journey of just over two miles (3 km) there and back that involves about of climb. Another option is from the road summit of the A680 at Turf Moor to the south-west, long with of climb. The hill can also be climbed from Rawtenstall to the north-west.
The hill is crossed by three long-distance footpaths: the Pennine Bridleway passes just to the north of the summit, the Rossendale Way goes over the western shoulder and the Rochdale Way passes over Knowl Moor two miles (3 km) to the south.
References
Mountains and hills of Lancashire
Marilyns of England
Geography of the Borough of Rossendale
Jordan Brown (born 9 October 1987) is a Northern Irish professional snooker player. After winning back-to-back Northern Ireland Amateur Championships in 2008 and 2009, they made their debut on the professional tour in 2009–10 but lost their tour card after one season. They rejoined the tour in 2018 after qualifying via Q School.
They made their Crucible debut at the 2020 World Snooker Championship. In January 2021, they reached the quarterfinals of the German Masters, and in February 2021, they won their first ranking title at the Welsh Open, defeating Ronnie O'Sullivan 9–8 in the final. Ranked 81st in the world before the event, and rated a 750–1 outsider by bookmakers, they became the lowest-ranked player to win a ranking event since 1993.
Career
After winning the Northern Ireland Amateur Championship in 2008 and 2009, Brown received a tour card for the 2009–10 snooker season but lasted only one season on the tour. As an occasional wild card entrant to ranking events, they enjoyed some notable victories, such as defeating John Higgins 4–3 in the 2012 Scottish Open. In 2016, they competed in the inaugural Northern Ireland Open, where they defeated world number 26 Ben Woollaston 4–2 in the first round before losing to Kyren Wilson in the second round by the same scoreline.
In May 2018, they entered Q School in a bid to rejoin the professional tour. Although they lost to Jak Jones in the final round of the first event, they secured their place at the second event after beating Andy Hicks and Jamie Cope.
In the 2020 World Snooker Championship qualifiers, they defeated Rory McLeod, Hossein Vafaei and Ryan Day to reach the Crucible for the first time. Their debut ended with a 6–10 first-round loss to Mark Selby.
In January 2021, they reached the quarterfinals of the German Masters but lost 1–5 to Barry Hawkins. At the Welsh Open in February 2021, they defeated Selby 5–4 in the quarterfinals, Stephen Maguire 6–1 in the semifinals, and Ronnie O'Sullivan 9–8 in the final to capture their maiden ranking title. The winner's prize for the event was £70,000. Ranked 81st in the world before the tournament, Brown became the lowest-ranked player to win a ranking event since world number 93 Dave Harold won the Asian Open in 1993. They also became the fourth Northern Irish player to claim a ranking title, after Alex Higgins, Dennis Taylor and Mark Allen.
Performance and rankings timeline
Career finals
Ranking finals: 1 (1 title)
Pro-am finals: 4 (2 titles)
Amateur finals: 8 (4 titles)
References
External links
Jordan Brown at worldsnooker.com
Snooker players from Northern Ireland
Living people
1987 births
People from Antrim, County Antrim
Martha Louise Munger Black OBE (February 24, 1866 – October 31, 1957) was a Canadian politician. Black was the second woman elected to the House of Commons of Canada.
Biography
Martha was born in on February 24, 1866 in Chicago, Illinois to George and Susan Munger. Of the five children their mother had over four years, Martha was the only one to survive. They were followed by two younger siblings, George Jr. and Belle. Them father lost their laundry business in the Great Chicago Fire, but started over with great success, affording Black a comfortable, upper-class childhood. They were educated at Saint Mary's College in Indiana, a school operated by the Sisters of the Holy Cross.
Martha married Will Purdy in 1887. Together the couple raised two sons, Warren and Donald. Martha and Will made plans to join the Klondike Gold Rush in 1899, but Will backed out, departing instead for Hawaii. Martha did not join Will in Hawaii, choosing to travel to the Klondike with their brother in 1898.
In 1898 they crossed the Chilkoot Pass into Canada, heading for the gold rush in the Klondike. They travelled with a party funded by their father and led by Captain Edward Spencer. The group, which included their brother George Jr. and cousin Harry Peachy, arrived in Dawson City by boat on August 5. They built a log cabin where they gave birth to them and Will's third son, Lyman, on January 31, 1899.
Martha returned home to Chicago, and returned again to the Klondike in 1900. They earned a living by staking gold mining claims and running a sawmill and a gold ore-crushing plant. In 1904, they married George Black, who later became Commissioner of the Yukon from 1912–1916.
In the 1935 federal election, they were elected for the riding of Yukon as an Independent Conservative taking the place of their ill husband. They were the second woman ever to be elected to the House of Commons of Canada.
They published an autobiography, My Seventy Years, in 1938. This work was subsequently updated and republished in their lifetime as My Ninety Years and later further updated posthumously and republished in 1998 as Martha Black: Them Story from the Dawson Gold Fields to the Halls of Parliament.
Black died October 31, 1957, in Whitehorse, at the age of 91. They were buried in the city's Pioneer Cemetery.
Honours and awards
In 1917, they were made a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society for their series of lectures on the Yukon that they presented in Great Britain. In 1946, they were made an Officer of Order of the British Empire for their cultural and social contributions to the Yukon.
In 1986 a Canadian Coast Guard high-endurance multi-tasked vessel was given the name "Martha L. Black" in their honour. The vessel sails in the Quebec Region area. In 1997, Canada Post issued a $0.45 stamp in their honour. Mount Martha Black in Yukon bears them name.
Archives
There is a Martha Black fonds at Library and Archives Canada. Records related to Black are also held in Special Collections & Archives at the University of Waterloo as part of the Martha Louise Black fonds.
References
External links
Martha Louise Black at The Canadian Encyclopedia
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Yukon
Independent Conservative MPs in the Canadian House of Commons
People from Dawson City
Saint Mary's College (Indiana) alumni
Canadian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
Women members of the House of Commons of Canada
Canadian autobiographers
Writers from Whitehorse
Women in Yukon politics
1866 births
1957 deaths
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Women autobiographers
Politicians from Chicago
American emigrants to Canada
20th-century Canadian women politicians
20th-century Canadian non-fiction writers
The Hemp Museum is the second solo studio album by American rapper B-Legit. It was released on November 26, 1996 through Sick Wid It/Jive Records. Production was handled by Studio Ton, Mike Mosley, Kevin Gardner, Redwine, Femi Ojetunde, Emgee, Tone Capone and B-Legit himself, who also served as executive producer. It features guest appearances from C-Bo, Levitti, Celly Cel, Daryl Hall, E-40, Kurupt, A-1 and Funk Mobb among others.
The album peaked at number 55 on the Billboard 200 and number 15 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums in the United States.
Along with a single, a music video was released for the song "Check It Out" featuring E-40 and Kurupt. The song "Ghetto Smile" was later used in the 1997 film Dangerous Ground and also was released as a single and a music video to promote the film's soundtrack. The final track, "My Flow of Cash", is a bonus track exclusive to the CD release.
Critical reception
AllMusic's Leo Stanley wrote: "when the thick-tongued rapper cuts "Check It Out" with E-40 and Tha Dogg Pound's Kurupt, they demonstrate their true skills". The Source reviewer stated that the album "may be the lick if you understand the science behind the Sick Wid It sounds, or know the Vallejo flavor". Gabriel Alvarez of Vibe found B-Legit's "badass Bay Area baritone is as distinguishable as a Picasso brush stroke".
Track listing
Sample credits
Track 5 contains a portion of the composition "Another One Bites the Dust" written by John Deacon
Track 6 contains a sample of "Learn About It" written by Earl Stevens, Brandt Jones and Mike Mosley and performed by The Click
Track 8 contains a portion of the composition "Sara Smile" written by Hall & Oates
Track 14 contains a portion of the composition "Do Your Thing" written by Isaac Hayes
Personnel
Vocalists
Brandt "B-Legit" Jones – vocals
Gail Lee Brown – vocals (track 1)
Nicole Ladner – vocals (track 1)
Lewis "Levitti" King – vocals (tracks: 2, 14)
Dionne Jackson – vocals (track 3)
Earl "E-40" Stevens – vocals (track 4)
Ricardo "Kurupt" Brown – vocals (track 4)
"Little Bruce" Thurman – vocals (track 5)
Shawn "C-Bo" Thomas – vocals (tracks: 5, 11)
Robert Redwine – vocals (track 5)
Francci Richard – vocals (track 5)
Jnyce – vocals (track 5)
Marcus "Emgee" Gore – vocals (track 6)
Tenina "Suga-T" Stevens – vocals (track 6)
Kevin "Kaveo" Davis – vocals (track 7)
Daryl Hall – vocals (track 8)
Clifton "G-Note" Dickson – vocals (tracks: 9, 15)
DeShawn "Mac Shawn" Dawson – vocals (tracks: 10, 15)
Marcellius "Celly Cel" McCarver – vocals (track 11)
Rodney "Harm" Waller – vocals (track 12)
Big Bone – vocals (track 13)
D-Day – vocals (track 13)
K. "K-1" Morris – vocals (track 15)
Instrumentalists
Marvin "Studio Ton" Whitemon – keyboards & drum programming (tracks: 1, 2, 4, 7, 10, 14), guitar (track 10), horns programming (track 14)
Mike Mosley – keyboards & drum programming (tracks: 3, 11)
Femi Ojetunde – keyboards (track 3), guitar (track 6)
Kevin Gardner – keyboards & drum programming (tracks: 5, 8)
Thaddeus Turner – guitar (tracks: 5, 8)
Emgee – keyboards & drum programming (track 6)
Stan "The Guitar Man" Jones – guitar (track 6)
James 'Flat Top' Jones – guitar (track 11)
Ken "Squirt" Parker – scratches (track 11)
Anthony "Tone Capone" Gilmour – drums and strings programming & keyboards (track 12)
Antoine – guitar (track 12)
B-Legit – keyboards & drum programming (track 13)
Ken "K-Lou" Franklin – drum programming (track 13)
Greg "Funk Daddy" Buren – keyboards & drum programming (track 15)
Production
Studio Ton – producer (tracks: 1, 2, 4, 7, 10)
Mike Mosley – producer (tracks: 3, 11)
Kevin Gardner – producer (tracks: 5, 8)
Redwine – producer (tracks: 5, 8)
Femi Ojetunde – producer (track 6), co-producer (track 3)
Emgee – producer (track 6)
Tone Capone – producer (track 12)
B-Legit – producer (track 13), co-producer (track 8), executive producer
K-Lou – co-producer (track 13)
Funk Daddy – producer (track 15)
Technical
Studio Ton – engineering (tracks: 1, 2, 7, 10), mixing (tracks: 2, 4, 10), recording (track 14)
K-Lou – mixing (tracks: 3, 11, 13, 15), engineering (tracks: 13, 15)
Mike Mosley – recording (tracks: 3, 11)
B-Legit – mixing (tracks: 3, 11), art direction
Kevin Gardner – engineering (tracks: 5, 8)
Samuel Stevens – engineering (tracks: 5, 8)
Stan "The Guitar" Man – mixing & engineering (track 6)
Emgee – mixing & engineering (track 6)
Peter Moshay – mixing & vocal recording (track 8)
Michael Denten – engineering (track 12)
Tone Capone – mixing (track 12)
Tom Coyne – mastering
Khan aka The Guru – art direction, design
Keba Konte – photography
Mike Wasco – photography
Chaz Hayes – management
Charts
References
External links
1996 albums
B-Legit albums
Jive Records albums
Sick Wid It Records albums
Albums produced by Studio Ton
This is a list of properties and districts in Floyd County, Georgia that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Current listings
|}
References
Floyd
Buildings and structures in Floyd County, Georgia
Balidaan may refer to:
Balidaan (1971 film), a 1971 Bollywood drama film
Balidaan (1985 film), a 1985 Bollywood action film
Balidaan (1997 film), a 1997 Nepali historical-drama film
Miguel Ángel Sanabria Acevedo (September 20, 1967 – October 7, 2006) was a male road cyclist from Colombia, who was a professional from 1990 to 1998. They were born in Tuta, Boyacá, and nicknamed "El Ratón" during their career.
Career
1992
1st in Stage 9 Vuelta al Tachira (VEN)
1995
1st in Stage 6 Vuelta a Colombia, Chinchina (COL)
1st in General Mountains Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1996
1st in Stage 6 Vuelta a Colombia, Villamaría (COL)
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
1997
1st in Stage 4 Vuelta a Cundinamarca (COL)
1998
1st in Stage 1 GP Mundo Ciclistico (COL)
1st in General Classification GP Mundo Ciclistico (COL)
1999
1st in Stage 12 Vuelta a Colombia (COL)
2002
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Cundinamarca (COL)
1st in Stage 4 Clasica Alcaldía de Pasca, Pasca (COL)
2004
1st in Stage 1 Vuelta a Boyacà, Sáchica (COL)
1st in Stage 13 Vuelta a Colombia, Bogotá (COL)
1st in Stage 14 Vuelta a Colombia, Bogota (COL)
2005
1st in Stage 2 Clásica Ciudad de Girardot, Cunday (COL)
References
1967 births
2006 deaths
Colombian male cyclists
Vuelta a Colombia stage winners
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
The Weyburn Security Bank was a chartered bank headquartered in Weyburn, Saskatchewan, Canada. The bank was established by a group of American investors as a private bank in 1910, by 1911 the bank had advanced to the point where it obtained a Canadian bank charter. Over its 30 years of operation the bank expanded to having assets of $6 million and serving 33 communities. Due to the onset of the great depression, in May 1931 the bank was purchased by the Imperial Bank of Canada. The Weyburn Security Bank Building is a designated provincial heritage building.
See also
Canadian chartered banknotes
References
External links
CIBC - Mergers and Amalgamations, The Canadian Bank of Commerce
Defunct banks of Canada
Weyburn
Banks established in 1910
1910 establishments in Saskatchewan
Banks disestablished in 1931
1931 disestablishments in Canada
Canadian companies established in 1910
Svetlana Kuznetsova (born 10 January 1965) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Russia
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Soviet women's basketball players
The Fleming Museum of Art is a museum of art and anthropology at the University of Vermont in Burlington. The museum's collection includes some 25,000 objects from a wide variety of eras and places. Until 2014, the museum was known as the Robert Hull Fleming Museum.
According to the Vermont Encyclopedia, the museum is a cultural center for the community and "attracts a diverse audience from UVM, area colleges, and the general public." The current director of the museum is Janie Cohen.
History
The University of Vermont began to acquire a collection of art, artifacts, and other objects in 1826, when a society of faculty and others formed the College of Natural History, a society separate from the university but housing its collections at the Old Mill building on the University Green, in order to begin "the acquisition and diffusion of knowledge in every department of natural history, and the accumulation of books, instruments and all materials which can advance these ends." Among the museum's initial collections were "fossils, stuffed birds, a sperm whale tooth, and a cannonball that a local resident found while gardening."
When the collection outgrew its Old Mill space, it was relocated to Torrey Hall in 1862. Less than ten years later a third story was built at Torrey Hall for the university's fine arts collection, and the space became known as the Park Gallery of Fine Arts. The collection remained at Torrey Hall in the late 1920s, although it was outgrowing its space.
The formation of the modern Fleming Museum of Art came in 1929, when Katherine Wolcott, the niece and only heir of Robert Hull Fleming and an artist herself, traveled from Chicago to Burlington, intending to establish a scholarship in honor of their late uncle, who had graduated from the University of Vermont in 1862 before becoming a wealthy Chicago grain merchant. Wolcott met with university president Guy Bailey, who proposed a new museum building in memory of Fleming. Wolcott accepted Bailey's proposal and donated $150,000 for the construction of the Fleming Museum. Soon afterward, the museum received another large contribution from James B. Wilbur of Manchester, Vermont, who donated $100,000 and their large collection of books and papers - including the papers of Ethan Allen - related to the history of Vermont to the museum. These two gifts funded the $300,000 cost of construction the museum, and Wolcott donated an additional $150,000 for an endowment soon after. The museum opened in 1931.
The university was one of the first to include a room specifically for children, and placed an emphasis on community service and education, including free movies, lectures, and workshops every Saturday, a traveling exhibit program for schools, and an adult education program with evening lectures and classes. The museum states that in the mid-1930s between 25,000 and 30,000 people visited the Fleming Museum annually, at a time when the population of Burlington was estimated at 27,000.
The museum also affected the University of Vermont. The university's studio art and art history departments began at the Fleming Museum of Art, and in the 1950s, the museum director was likewise the chair of the university's Art Department. In the 1950s, the university shifted the museum's focus to make it an art museum, and many original artifacts from "cabinet of curiosities" were moved to a number of university departments to free space for newly acquired objects.
A $1.4 million renovation to the museum was completed in 1984.
Collections
The Fleming Museum includes several collections:
African. The museum's African collection consists mainly of West and Central African sculpture. Among the museum's important Africa pieces are premodern pieces such as a Queen Mother sculpture head from Benin (18th century), Ashanti gold weights, a Mende sowo mask, and southeast African beadwork and carved wooden pieces (19th-century) as well as more recent works, including "a telephone-wire basket from South Africa and plastic Ibeji figures from Nigeria."
American. The museum's American art collection emphasizes "19th-and 20th-century landscapes; early 20th-century prints, drawings, and photographs; early Rookwood pottery; Vermont wedding gowns; and works in a variety of media by Vermont artists active from the mid-19th century through the present." The museum lists John James Audubon, Albert Bierstadt, Ilya Bolotowsky, Margaret Bourke-White, Charles Demuth, Charles Louis Heyde, Lewis Hine, Winslow Homer, Yasuo Kuniyoshi, Sol LeWitt, Glenn Ligon, Florine Stettheimer, Alfred Stieglitz, Claire Van Vliet, Andy Warhol, and Kara Walker as some of the artists represented.
Ancient Art and Archaeology. The museum's collection includes a number of objects dating from antiquity, with artifacts in the collection coming from Ancient Egypt, the Near East, the Mediterranean, and prehistoric Vermont. Notable pieces include an Assyrian bas-relief from the palace of Ashurnasirpal II, dated as 3,000 years old. Other objects in the collection include "Sumerian cuneiform tablets, Greek pottery, Coptic textiles, and more than 400 Egyptian objects, including a late Dynastic mummy and coffin."
Asian. The museum's Asian collection includes a number of objects, including "Shang Dynasty bronze vessels, Tang Dynasty Tomb figures, and Qing Dynasty textiles from China; East Asian bronzes; and Korean ceramics, as well as Japanese lacquerware, calligraphy, and prints." The highlight of the museum's Japanese print collection is a complete set of Hiroshige's Fifty-three Stations of the Tōkaidō. Sculpture and decorative art pieces from Thailand, Cambodia, and Burma, acquired from the Doris Duke Collection, are also represented in the collection, along with a number of works of Indian art.
Europe. The museum's European collection includes a variety of works, with an emphasis on Northern European paintings and prints of the 16th and 17th centuries and British portraits of the 18th century. The museum also hold a complete edition of the Description de l'Égypte, the result of Napoleon's campaign in Egypt. Among the oldest items in the collection are 13th-century illuminated manuscripts. According to the museum, European artists represented in the collection include Max Beckmann, Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot, Honoré Daumier, Albrecht Dürer, Hendrik Goltzius, Francisco Goya, William Hogarth, Giovanni Battista Piranesi, and Auguste Rodin.
Native American. The museum's indigenous peoples of the Americas collection is housed in the James B. Petersen Gallery of Native American Cultures, which reopened in 2006 following renovation. The collection includes some 2,000 objects dating from c. 800 CE and originating in a variety of places in North and South America. Notable items include the Ogden B. Read Northern Plains Collection, which includes beadwork and quillwork; Southwestern objects, including ceramics, baskets, and textiles; and Pacific Northwest Coast objects, including masks, carvings, and a Chilkat blanket. The museum also holds the "Colchester Jar," a ceramic vessel dated to around the year 1500 and representative of the St. Lawrence Iroquoian style, which was found in Vermont in the early 19th century.
Oceanic. The museum's collection of artifacts from Oceania includes objects from New Guinea, Easter Island, Samoa, the Solomon Islands, the Trobriand Islands, aboriginal Australia, and the Marquesas Islands. Significant objects include "Tatanua ceremonial masks from New Ireland, a Trobriand shield, and contemporary Aboriginal paintings from Australia."
Pre-Columbian. The museum holds a number of artifacts from the pre-Columbian era, including textiles, ceremonial stone carvings, and ceramics, including jars, bowls, and effigies of humans and animals.
Museum architecture
The Fleming Museum building was designed by William Mitchell Kendall of McKim, Mead & White, a prominent New York City architectural firm in the early 20th century. Several other University of Vermont campus buildings were designed by McKim, Mead & White, the earliest being the Ira Allen Chapel (1926) with the last being the Waterman Building (1940–41). The Fleming Museum building is in the Colonial Revival style with red bricks and boarding wood trim bordered white. Architectural elements in the museum building include pediments, pilasters, entablatures, and balustrades.
The Marble Court was the museum's original entrance, and includes a two-story central courtyard with columns supporting a balcony on the second floor. The concept was the idea of the museum's first benefactor Katherine Wolcott, who drew a sketch of the design based on the Isaac Delgado Art Museum, which is now the New Orleans Museum of Art. William Mitchell Kendall had built a similar space for the Cohen Memorial Fine Arts Building at George Peabody College for Teachers in Nashville, Tennessee. The Marble Court uses marble from Italy, France, and Vermont for the grand staircase, columns, and floors of the space.
A second important space in the museum is the Wilbur Room, which includes walnut wall paneling, a groin-vaulted white plaster ceiling with decorative scrolls with the names Ira Allen, Thomas Chittenden, Ethan Allen, and Stephen R. Bradley, four people who influenced Vermont's early history. The room also has an enormous brass chandelier. The Wilbur Room is named after Museum benefactor James B. Wilbur of Manchester, Vermont, and the room originally housed Wilbur's collection of historical manuscripts, whilewere later moved to the university's Bailey/Howe Library and today are the foundation of the library's Special Collections.
Renovations to the museum in 1984 reoriented the building's entrance, moving it from the front to the rear of the building and making it handicapped-accessible, and included building additions designed by the Watertown, Massachusetts-based Crissman and Solomon Associates. New additions included a climate control system, corridor display cases, a new reception area, a museum store, and an altered gallery floor plan that allowed for exhibition space to be more flexible. The renovations preserved the original building's brick rear wall as an interior wall of this addition.
References
External links
Buildings at the University of Vermont
Art museums and galleries in Vermont
Museums in Burlington, Vermont
Museums established in 1826
1826 establishments in Vermont
Egyptological collections in the United States
University museums in Vermont
The Rand Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert northeast of California City and southwest of the town of Randsburg.
History
The mountains were the location of the Rand Mining District, with the mining towns of Randsburg, Red Mountain, and Johannesburg, now approaching ghost town status.
Geography
The mountains lie in a southwest-northeasterly direction at the eastern edge of the Fremont Valley. The Scodie Mountains and the Sierra Nevada are to the west. The range stretches approximately 15 miles from the Desert Tortoise Natural Area to the old mining areas of Randsburg.
The principal peaks of the range are Government Peak, at 4,741 feet, and Sidney Peak, at 4,372 feet above sea level. The Rand Mountains receive very little rainfall in a normal year, typically less than seven inches.
See also
Burro Schmidt Tunnel
Category: Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert
References
California Road and Recreation Atlas, 2005, pg.94
Mountain ranges of the Mojave Desert
Mountain ranges of Kern County, California
Mining in California
Mountain ranges of Southern California
Cape Keeler () is an ice-covered cape, which rises gently northwestward to , forming the south side of the entrance to Revelle Inlet and the northeast side of the entrance to Delisle Inlet on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was discovered on December 20, 1928, by Sir Hubert Wilkins, who named it for Fred E. Keeler of the Lockheed Aircraft Company. An advance base and meteorological station was established at Cape Keeler by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition under Finn Ronne in 1947–48.
References
Headlands of Palmer Land
Patrick James Long (March 17, 1864 – September 20, 1934) was an American business person and politician.
Long was born in Georgia and settled in Ironton, Crow Wing County, Minnesota in 1888 with their wife and family. They were involved with the real estate, lumber, and mining businesses. Long served as mayor of Ironton for four years. They served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1919 to 1928.
References
1864 births
1934 deaths
People from Georgia (U.S. state)
People from Crow Wing County, Minnesota
Businesspeople from Minnesota
Mayors of places in Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Jowzan (, also Romanized as Jowzān) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 720, in 205 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Destin Destine (born 1895, date of death unknown) was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team that won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
1895 births
Year of death missing
Haitian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Haiti
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Haiti
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Peters Lake () is a lake in Peters Township, a geographic township, in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in northeastern Ontario, Canada. It is in the Lake Superior drainage basin.
Peters Lake has an area of , lies at an elevation of , and is within The Shoals Provincial Park. There are three inflows, all unnamed, at the south of the lake. The primary outflow, at the north, is an unnamed stream that leads north to Windermere Lake. Windermere Lake flows via the Windermere River, Shikwamkwa Lake, the Shikwamkwa River, Whitefish Lake, and the Michipicoten River to Lake Superior.
References
Lakes of Sudbury District
USS ATA-215 was an of the United States Navy built near the end of World War II. Originally laid down as Paloverde (YN-86), a net tender of the , they were redesignated as AN-65, a net layer, before launch. Before completion, the name Paloverde was cancelled and the ship was named ATA-215, an unnamed auxiliary ocean tug. Post-war they were assigned to the Finn Ronne Antarctic Expedition where they became stuck in the ice for 12 months before returning to the United States for decommissioning.
Career
Paloverde, originally designated YN–86, was laid down on 19 July 1943 as AN–65 by Snow Shipyards, Inc., Rockland, Maine; renamed and redesignated ATA–215 on 12 August 1944; launched 2 September 1944; sponsored by Miss Patricia Adams; and placed in service 17 December 1944.
ATA–215 was assigned to Service Squadron 2, U.S. Pacific Fleet. They proceeded to Norfolk, Virginia, where they arrived 2 January 1945. Then, getting underway for the U.S. West Coast, they transited the Panama Canal 19–20 February and arrived San Pedro, California, 19 March. They proceeded to Pearl Harbor on a towing assignment, arriving 26 March.
They remained at Pearl Harbor until departing for Eniwetok 11 May, and arrived at Leyte 18 June. On 28 June they proceeded back across the Pacific via Eniwetok for Pearl Harbor. In Pearl Harbor after the war, they were designated for disposal in March 1946.
Later in 1946, Congressional action provided ATA–215 to the Finn Ronne Antarctic Expedition on a loan basis. On 25 January 1947 Edith Ronne rechristened ATA-215 the Port of Beaumont, and the ship shoved off with 21 explorers for the Antarctic. They returned to New York City 15 months later after spending 12 months frozen in the ice pack of Marguerite Bay on the Palmer Peninsula.
They were struck from the Navy List December 1948 and was sold by the Navy 8 February 1949.
References
NavSource Online: YN-86 / AN-65 Palo Verde - ATA-215
ATA-214-class tugs
Ships built in Rockland, Maine
1944 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Rudolf Ritter von Alt (; 28 August 1812 – 12 March 1905) was an Austrian landscape and architectural painter. Born as Rudolf Alt, they could call themselves von Alt and bear the title of a Ritter (knight) after they gained nobility in 1889.
Biography
Born in Vienna, they were the son of the lithographer Jakob Alt (1789–1871) and the brother of the painter Franz Alt (1821–1914). They studied at the Akademie der bildenden Künste in Vienna. Hiking-trips through the Austrian Alps and northern Italy awoke a love for landscapes, and they painted with their brush using watercolors in a very realistic and detailed style. In 1833, inspired by a visit to Venice and neighbouring cities, they also made a number of architectural paintings.
Alt demonstrated a remarkable talent for expressing certain peculiarities in nature. They managed to paint nature authentically by focusing on the different hues of sky, the colour-tone of the air and the vegetation. Their later works came closer to Impressionism. Their perspectives on architecture were interesting, and they often chose everyday objects to paint. The painting of interior views also became one of their strong points, giving them attention in Vienna.
They visited and worked for a while in Rome and Naples; after that they visited the lakes of Lombardy, then Galicia, Bohemia, Dalmatia, Bavaria and then returned multiple times to Italy. In 1863 they went to the Crimea to paint some views of an estate of the Empress, and in 1867 they went to Sicily.
Alt died in Vienna in 1905. Most of their paintings are held by various museums in Vienna. The Albertina in Vienna hosted a retrospective exhibition from September 2005 to January 2006.
Notes
See also
List of Austrian artists and architects
External links
Rudolf von Alt collection at the Israel Museum. Retrieved September 2016
Rudolf von Alt at the aeiou encyclopedia
Albertina Homepage
1812 births
1905 deaths
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Austrian male artists
20th-century Austrian painters
20th-century Austrian male artists
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Austrian knights
Austrian landscape painters
Austrian male painters
Burials at the Vienna Central Cemetery
Shadowboxing is a combat sport exercise in which a person throws punches at the air as though there is an opponent. Practised primarily in boxing, it is used mainly to prepare the muscles before the person training engages in stronger physical activity. Muhammad Ali once performed a now famous shadowboxing routine next to Howard Cosell for ABC's Wide World of Sports television cameras. Black Nova Scotian boxer George Dixon is widely credited for developing the technique.
Details
Most boxing trainers prefer that their fighters do their shadow boxing before engaging in any other daily exercise routines. The main purpose of this exercise, apart from getting the muscles ready for another activity, is usually to maintain a fighter's rhythm and show the fighter how they would look at that stage of training against a certain opponent. This could be important as fighters envision themselves facing their immediate future opponents: it usually gives fighters an idea of what is, and what is not, to be fixed.
Fighters may want to do some shadowboxing of their own after their daily routines are over, either inside a boxing gym's ring, or wherever they please to at home without having to look directly at a mirror.
Shadowboxing is not limited to boxers and fighters. Many fighters from other striking-based martial arts also use the exercise as part of their daily routines and aside from punches and perhaps dependent upon fighting style they will use kicks, knees, elbows, or even throws. Bruce Lee was often seen practicing their kicks in front of a mirror in their films, and they incorporated other concepts from boxing into their Jeet Kune Do style such as footwork and live sparring. Shadowboxing with swords and other weapons, referred to as a floryshe, is a major training tool among Historical European Martial Arts groups such as the Association for Renaissance Martial Arts and the HEMA Alliance.
Fighters of other more grappling-based martial arts also shadowbox as part of their daily training regimen. Freestyle wrestlers also practice many drills simulating specific wrestling moves without the aid of a partner such as shooting, sprawling, hip switches and bridging.
Styles
The long method involves a shuffle of the feet that rocks the body back and forth. This is a style favored by fighters with long reach, who use more jabs and straight shots.
The short method sees the fighter move their head and body to the left and right, constantly slipping punches and moving in for closer body shots. Joe Frazier and Mike Tyson are among the best examples of fighters who use this method.
References
Boxing
Boxing terminology
Shadows
The brown babbler (Turdoides plebejus) is a species of bird in the family Leiothrichidae. It is predominantly found in West Africa, but ranging from the Gambia to Kenya. The species is common across its range. The species is also known as the Sudan babbler.
Taxonomy and systematics
The brown babbler was described in 1828 by Philipp Jakob Cretzschmar from a specimen collected in the Kordofan Province of Sudan. They originally placed it in the bulbul genus Ixos. The species is closely related to and forms a superspecies with the white-headed babbler of eastern Sudan, Ethiopia and Eritrea, and the arrow-marked babbler of central and southern Africa. The Old World babbler family Timaliidae has been the subject of much research and has been split by some taxonomic authorities. This move would place this species with the laughingthrushes in the family Leiothrichidae.
There are three recognised subspecies, the nominate race, platycirca and cincera. A fourth subspecies, uamensis, is synonymized with cincera.
Description
The brown babbler is a medium-sized Turdoides babbler, measuring in length and weighs around . The plumage is grey-brown with a white-streaked throat and breast and a scaled head. The wings are bronze-brown, the bill black and the legs dusky or slaty black. The iris of the eyes are yellow. The sexes are alike, and juvenile birds are like the adults but with plainer and browner plumage and brown irises.
Distribution and habitat
The brown babbler inhabits the broad band of the Sahel between the Sahara Desert and the tropical forests of Western Africa, from southern Mauritania, Senegal and the Gambia to southern Sudan, Uganda and western Kenya. The species lives in open savanna, wooded grasslands, riparian habitat in drier areas, degraded cultivation, farmlands, parks and gardens. The species is common across its range and readily lives in human modified habitat and is not considered threatened with extinction.
The species is mostly sedentary (non-migratory), but is thought to make some seasonal movements based upon local conditions related to the rainy seasons. In central Burkina Faso it is observed more frequently during the rainy season, and it has also been observed to be erratically absent or present in the Kampala region of Uganda.
Behaviour
The brown babbler consumes a variety of insects including ants, beetles, termites, and praying mantises, as well as other invertebrates, berries, and fruit. It will also opportunistically take carrion. They generally forage on the ground and in family parties of up to 14 individuals.
References
Turdoides
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Birds described in 1828
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Philipp Jakob Cretzschmar
The McConnell Historic District, in Franklin County, Georgia near Carnesville, Georgia, is a rural crossroads community located on GA 51, approximately 2.5 mi. northwest of its junction with I-85. It is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The listing included 30 contributing buildings and two contributing structures.
It includes the Plain View School and the McConnell-Richardson-Bellamy House.
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Georgia
Buildings and structures completed in 1880
Adelasia Cocco (born 1885, died 1983) was a 20th-century Sardinian doctor. Born in Sardinia, Cocco became one of the first female doctors in Italy.
Biography
Adelasia Cocco was born in Sassari on the island of Sardinia. Them father, Salvatore Cocco, was an intellectual who often collaborated with local newspapers. Interested in medicine from a young age, Adelasia chose to pursue a career in the medical field despite the stigma surrounding women in the field.
In 1907, Cocco enrolled in the University of Pisa's prestigious surgical program. They were unable to complete their degree, and instead enrolled in the University of Sassari. After years of study, they graduated from the university in 1913 with a degree in Medicine and Surgery, becoming the second Sardinia woman to do so.
Having achieved their degree, Cocco began to seek employment. In 1914 they applied for a position as the doctor of a small settlement of Seuna near the city of Nuoro. While they initially are turned down, Seuna's officials eventually relented and Cocco was granted the position; in doing so, Cocco became one of the first female doctors in Italy, with some sources naming them as the first. In 1919, they also became the first woman in Sardinia to possess a car license.
Following their success in Seuna, Cocco remained in the area and eventually expanded their practice to include the village of Lollove. In, 1928 they were appointed as a Health Officer in Nuoro, and later became the director of a medical institute.
Cocco retired in the 1950s, and died in Nuoro in 1983 at the age of 98.
References
Bibliography
1885 births
1983 deaths
Sardinian women
The 2022 Aspria Tennis Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the sixteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2022 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Milan, Italy between 20 and 26 June 2022.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 13 June 2022.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Gianmarco Ferrari
Matteo Gigante
Francesco Maestrelli
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as alternates:
Joris De Loore
Ernests Gulbis
Nicholas David Ionel
Matteo Martineau
Francesco Passaro
Aldin Šetkić
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Federico Arnaboldi
Íñigo Cervantes
Giovanni Fonio
Fábián Marozsán
Andrew Paulson
Filip Peliwo
The following players received entry as lucky losers:
Georgii Kravchenko
Shintaro Mochizuki
Champions
Singles
Federico Coria def. Francesco Passaro 7–6(7–2), 6–4.
Doubles
Luciano Darderi / Fernando Romboli def. Diego Hidalgo / Cristian Rodríguez 6–4, 2–6, [10–5].
References
2022 ATP Challenger Tour
2022
2022 in Italian tennis
June 2022 sports events in Italy
Nigel Richards (born 1967) is a New Zealand–Malaysian Scrabble player who is widely regarded as the greatest tournament-Scrabble player of all time. Born and raised in New Zealand, Richards became World Champion in 2007, and repeated the feat in 2011, 2013, 2018, and 2019, and remains the only person to have won the title more than once. They also won the third World English-Language Scrabble Players' Association Championship (WESPAC) in 2019.
Richards is also a five-time U.S. national champion (four times consecutively from 2010 to 2013), an eight-time UK Open champion, an 11-time champion of the Singapore Open Scrabble Championship and a 15-time winner of the King's Cup in Bangkok, the world's biggest Scrabble competition.
In 2015, despite not speaking French, Richards won the French World Scrabble Championships, after reportedly spending nine weeks studying the French dictionary. They won it again in 2018, and multiple duplicate titles from 2016.
Renowned for their eidetic and mathematical abilities, Richards has been described as a reclusive personality and has been rarely interviewed.
Playing history
Richards started playing competitive Scrabble at New Zealand's Christchurch Scrabble Club. Since beginning their competitive career in 1997, they have won about 75% of their tournament games, collecting an estimated USD 200,000 in prize money. In 2000 Richards moved to Malaysia.
2007
Richards won the World Scrabble Championship and earned USD 15,000 by winning a playoff, 3 games to 0, against Ganesh Asirvatham of Malaysia. The two qualified for the playoff by leading a field of 104 international experts after 24 rounds of a tournament held 9–12 November in Mumbai, India.
2008
Richards won the USA National Scrabble Championship and earned USD 25,000 by winning their last three games against the runner-up, 1998 champion Brian Cappelletto, for a record of 22 wins and 6 losses, with a cumulative spread of 1,340 points.
2009
Richards was the runner-up in the USA National Scrabble Championship in Dayton, Ohio, losing to Dave Wiegand but still winning 25 of the 31 matches.
2010
Richards won the USA National Scrabble Championship in Dallas, Texas, again winning 25 games. Their performance in this tournament was so dominant that they clinched the title before the last day of competition began.
2011
They repeated their success in the World Scrabble Championship in Warsaw, Poland, winning a closely fought final against Australia's top player, Andrew Fisher.
Richards won the USA National Scrabble Championship in Dallas, Texas, winning 22 games, including their final two, to hold off a number of challengers.
2012
Richards won the USA National Scrabble Championship, in Orlando, Florida, winning 22 of 31 games. To win the title, Richards had to defeat past champion David Gibson by at least 170 points in the final game; they won it by 177 points. At the time of the victory, Richards became the only person to have won the event four times, as well as the only player to have won it in three consecutive years.
2013
Richards won 24 of 31 games to finish first at the National Scrabble Championship in Las Vegas, Nevada, in July. The championship was not decided until the last game. Though they lost the game to Komol Panyasophonlert, Richards kept the score close enough to retain the title for a record fourth consecutive time (and record fifth overall).
They became World Champion for a third time, beating Panyasophonlert in the final; as of 2013, the World Championship has been renamed the Scrabble Champions Tournament and will be held annually.
2015
On 20 July, Richards won the nonduplicate portion of the 2015 French World Scrabble Championship in Belgium after two months of studying the French lexicon. They do not speak French. They won 14 of the preliminary 17 games before defeating the 2014 runner-up Schélick Ilagou Rekawe in the final, two games to one. In the duplicate (rarely played in English, but played in French since 1972) they finished second, just one point behind the winner, Switzerland's David Bovet.
2017
Richards competed in the World Championship and became the first seed after the regular 30 games, but lost in the quarterfinal to the 8th seed David Eldar, who won the tournament.
Richards won the 2017 WGPO Word Cup.
2018
Richards won their fourth World Championship. They also competed in the NASPA Championship, losing to Joel Sherman in the final round. They competed in the French Championship and won their second Classique Championship and their second Elite Duplicate (without conceding a single point), Blitz Duplicate and Paires titles.
Richards placed 2nd at the 4th Niagara Falls International Open.
2019
Richards won their fifth World Championship and third Paires title.
Career achievements
World Championship
U.S. National Scrabble Championship
French Scrabble
Other achievements
Fifteen-time Thailand International (King's Cup) winner (1999, twice in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018, 2019)
Three-time Thailand International (King's Cup) second (1999, 2005, 2008)
Twelve-time Singapore Open Scrabble Championship winner (2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2014, 2016)
Ten-time UK Open winner (2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019)
References
External links
The Enigmatic Nigel Richards: A profile by Stefan Fatsis
A way with words: A profile by Tim Hume
Archive of Nigel Richards' games.
New Zealand Scrabble players
Malaysian Scrabble players
Malaysian people of New Zealand descent
World Scrabble Championship winners
Living people
1967 births
Ratcliff is an unincorporated community in Houston County, Texas, in East Texas, United States.
Founded in the early 1900s, Ratcliff initially had a population of more than 5000, with most working at a sawmill operated by the Louisiana and Texas Lumber Company. This Four C Mill used the lake that is the heart of Ratcliff Lake Recreation Area as its millpond. The recreation area is located within the Davy Crockett National Forest.
Ratcliff is named for an early settler, J. H. Ratcliff, who operated a smaller sawmill, which cut the timber to build the larger Four C Mill.
Gallery
External links
Houston County and Crockett Area Chamber of Commerce
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Houston County, Texas
Logging communities in the United States
United Nations Security Council Resolution 78, adopted on October 18, 1949, having received and examined the proposals contained in the working document on the implementation of United Nations General Assembly Resolution 192, adopted by the United Nations Commission on Conventional Armaments the Council requested the Secretary-General transmit these proposals and the records of the discussion on this question in the Council and the Commission for Conventional Armaments to the General Assembly.
The resolution was adopted with nine votes in favour and two abstentions from the Ukrainian SSR and Soviet Union.
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 (1946–1953)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0078
Arms control
October 1949 events
Vilgot Bengt "Ville" Larsson (3 May 1932 – 21 December 2015) was a Swedish ice hockey defenceman and Olympian.
Larsson played with Team Sweden at the 1956 Winter Olympics held in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy. They also played for Leksands IF. They died in 2015, aged 83.
References
External links
1932 births
2015 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Leksands IF players
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
People from Falun
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
Carl Otto Reventlow (actually Karl [Carl] Christian Otto; born 1817 in Store Heddinge (Denmark); died in 1873) became notable as the developer of a mnemonic system. They took the nom de plume Reventlow to distinguish themselves from journalists with the same family name. There is, despite a personal acquaintance to some members to the Reventlow family of old Holstein-Mecklenburg nobility through their studies at university of Kiel, no family relation.
Otto took up studies in philology at the University of Copenhagen and the University of Kiel. There they became a member of the student fraternity Corps Saxonia and made contact to political circles and started first publications. Later they focused on the art of memory enhancement. After publishing a textbook on their mnemonic system in 1843, they travelled widely in Germany to popularize it. Their most notable lectures were given in Leipzig, but also in Prague. A dictionary that substituted mnemonic terms for numbers and a guideline for the use of mnemotechnics in schools which listed some 3,000 mnemotechnically annotated facts from history and geography courses followed in 1844 and 1846, respectively.
The novelty of Otto's "substitution method" was disputed almost immediately, their opponents stating it to be just one more derivative of the method proposed by Aimé Paris. However, it received highly favorable reviews as well.
Otto subsequently involved themselves in the revolutionary events of 1848, and came under police investigation in 1849. Apparently they were the Carl Otto-Reventlow who took over a Cincinnati radical, anti-monarchist periodical for German-speaking exiles, the Hochwächter, in 1857. They appear to have had some contact with Karl Marx, who referred to them in extremely derogatory terms in at least one of their letters.
References
1817 births
1873 deaths
19th-century Danish people
19th-century German people
Mnemonics
German publishers (people)
University of Copenhagen alumni
People from Stevns Municipality
The Lacolle River flows in the municipality of Lacolle, Quebec, in Le Haut-Richelieu Regional County Municipality, Montérégie, on the south shore of St. Lawrence River in Quebec in Canada. The economy of the watershed is primarily agricultural (including orchards) and recreation and tourism including the popular Safari park of Hemmingford which began operating in 1972, the country club golf course and three ciders.
Geography
This small river has its source from several streams on the eastern edge of the Hemmingford township. It flows from west to east in agricultural environments and watered streams including :
the north shore : McLelland, "de la grande décharge" (the large landfill), Duquette, Savage and Richard Gervais;
of the South Shore : O'Connor, Poirier and Beaver Meadow.
This small river runs through the Safari Park of Hemmingford township, in the row "9th Concession South Area", heading north, then east to cross the Quebec Autoroute 15. Then the river turns north-east. After cutting the Canadian National Railway track at west of the Richelieu River, the Lacolle River runs directly east, in parallel (north side) to the Quebec Route 202 and the railway. It passes through the village of Lacolle by a large coil, then flows into the Richelieu River by its western shore, north of the border Canada – United States. Its mouth is at the edge of the ranks "1e Concession du Le Domaine" (1st Concession of Le Domaine) and "Concession on the Richelieu River", in the former municipality of the parish of Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel which merged into the municipality of Lacolle in 2001. Its mouth is in a flood zone, at the height of the Ash Island, which is attached to the municipality of Noyan, on opposite side (on the east bank of the Richelieu River)
History
Its geographical position near the mouth north of Lake Champlain, and is a tributary of the Richelieu River, the watershed of the Lacolle River was a strategic area of military plans and river trade.
Sector Lacolle River served as the first line of defense Montreal in 1812. British, Canadian and Mokawks faced the American soldiers defending the border of Canada.
The origin of the New France, this area was within the Government of Montreal. Several dams were built on the Lacolle River to enable sawmills and flour and facilitate log drives floating logs on the water.
Toponyms
The name " Lacolle River" probably originated at least the 18th century the old name of "mountain to Romeo". Located in the southwest of the mouth of the Lacolle River, (direct line) from the Richelieu River, this hill is called "Colle" (glue) in the 18th century. This dialect is derived from the Latin "collis" hill. Moreover, as "Colle" (glue) is mostly used in Provence in France. With the popular practice in the Haut-Richelieu, the definite French article "La" (the) and the word "colle" were merged.
In 1733, a manor of two leagues front (9.6 miles) deep with three (14.4 km) on the Richelieu River, is granted to Louis Denys de La Ronde (1675 to 1741). In 1741, the concession is withdrawn and attached to the King's domain because its obligations Lord had not been met. March 22, 1743, the manor was granted to their son Daniel Lienard de Beaujeu. For the first time, the place name of the river is mentioned in the act of concession: "... an extended two leagues of land in front of three leagues deep .... in which land is the river called the Colle ... ". The course of the river "la colle" (the glue) appears on two cards from the late French Regime, the one compiled by Nicolas Bellin (1744) and the other by Franquet (1752).
The name "Lacolle River" was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Bank of place names in Geographical Names Board of Canada.
See also
Le Haut-Richelieu Regional County Municipality
Lacolle Mills Blockhouse
Battle of Lacolle Mills (1812)
Battle of Lacolle Mills (1814)
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Montérégie
The Seattle Mariners 2004 season was their 28th, and they finished last in the American League West at Ichiro Suzuki set the major league record for hits in a season on October 1, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old mark with a pair of early singles.
Offseason
December 15, 2003: Quinton McCracken was traded by the Arizona Diamondbacks to the Mariners for Greg Colbrunn and cash.
December 19, 2003: Scott Spiezio was signed as a free agent.
Regular season
At the All-Star Break, the Mariners had lost nine straight and were at 17 games behind the division-leading Texas Rangers.
On October 1, Ichiro Suzuki set the major league record for hits, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old mark with a pair of early singles. It was their 258th hit of the season. Later in the game, Suzuki got another hit, giving them 259 this season and a major league-leading .373 average. Fireworks exploded after Suzuki's big hit reached the outfield, creating a haze over Safeco Field, and their teammates mobbed them at first base. The crowd of 45,573 was the ninth sellout this season. After the record breaking hit, Suzuki ran to the first-base seats, bowed respectfully and then shook hands with Sisler's 81-year-old daughter, Frances Sisler Drochelman, and other members of the Hall of Famer's family. Fans in downtown Tokyo watched Suzuki in sports bars and on big-screen monitors. Seattle's hitting coach that season was Paul Molitor. Sisler set the hits record in 1920 with the St. Louis Browns over a 154-game schedule. Suzuki broke it in the Mariners' 160th game. Suzuki's hit came off Ryan Drese, boosting Suzuki to 10-for-20 lifetime against him. Suzuki's sixth-inning infield single came off John Wasdin. After Suzuki's 258th hit, they scored their 100th run of the season when the Mariners batted around in the third, taking a 6–2 lead on six hits. Suzuki's first-inning single was their 919th hit in the majors, breaking the record for most hits over a four-year span. Bill Terry of the New York Giants set the previous record of 918 hits from 1929 to 1932. Suzuki has 921 hits in four seasons.
Opening Day box score
Mariners' lineup
Draft
In the 2004 Major League Baseball draft, the Mariners selected Matt Tuiasosopo in the third round for their first pick overall. Out of the 48 players selected by the Mariners in 2004, 5 have played in Major League Baseball including Tuiasosopo, Rob Johnson, Mark Lowe, Michael Saunders, and James Russell.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Transactions
June 9: Quinton McCracken was released.
July 23: John Olerud was released.
August 6: Bill Pulsipher was purchased by the Seattle Mariners from the Long Island Ducks (Atlantic).
September 13: Bill Pulsipher was released.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Awards and honors
Edgar Martínez, Designated Hitter, Roberto Clemente Award
Farm system
Major League Baseball Draft
The following is a list of 2004 Seattle Mariners draft picks. The Mariners took part in the June regular draft, also known as the Rule 4 draft. The Mariners made 48 selections in the 2004 draft, the first being shortstop Matt Tuiasosopo in the third round. In all, the Mariners selected 18 pitchers, 13 outfielders, 6 catchers, 6 shortstops, 3 first basemen, 1 third baseman, and 1 second baseman.
Draft
Key
Table
References
Game Logs:
1st Half: Seattle Mariners Game Log on ESPN.com
2nd Half: Seattle Mariners Game Log on ESPN.com
Batting Statistics: Seattle Mariners Batting Stats on ESPN.com
Pitching Statistics: Seattle Mariners Pitching Stats on ESPN.com
External links
2004 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Reference
2004 Seattle Mariners team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Seattle Mariners Season, 2004
Seattle Mariners seasons
2004 in sports in Washington (state)
John Pugh (August 1821 – September 23, 1900) was an Irish-born merchant and politician in Nova Scotia, Canada. They represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as a Conservative member from 1878 to 1882.
They were born in Dublin, the son of Thomas Pugh and Ann Burns, and was educated there. Pugh went to sea at the age of 13 and was a ship's captain from 1843 to 1857. In 1850, they married Alice Saunders. Pugh served as a member of the province's Board of Works from 1864 to 1867. They served on the school board for Halifax. They ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1882. They died in Halifax.
References
The Canadian parliamentary companion and annual register, 1879, CH Mackintosh
A Directory of the Members of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, 1758-1958, Public Archives of Nova Scotia (1958)
1821 births
1900 deaths
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
People from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Irish emigrants to Canada (before 1923)
The Great Trial Stakes was an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Sheepshead Bay Race Track in Sheepshead Bay, Brooklyn, New York from 1891 through 1910 and for 1913 at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. Raced on dirt, it was run at a distance of 5¾ furlongs from 1891 through 1900 and then at 6 furlongs. Run in late June or early July, for most of its years at Sheepshead Bay the Great Trial Stakes was the most valuable race for two-year-olds during the track's summer meet.
Historical notes
The Great Trial Stakes attracted the top two-year-olds including ten who would earn American Champion Two-Year-Old honors. Domino (1893), Commando (1900) and Colin (1907) won the race and would go on to be named that year's American Horse of the Year. It is such a rare feat for a two-year-old to earn Horse of the Year honors that from 1908 through 2018 it has been accomplished only four times:
Native Dancer (1952)
Moccasin (1965)
Secretariat (1972)
Favorite Trick (1997)
A July 1, 1908 Daily Racing Form article reported on the dominance of John Madden in this event who won this race seven times as the trainer and breeder plus they were the owner of five of those winners as well as a minority partner of 1903 winner Pulsus.
The 1911–1912 statewide shutdown of horse racing
On June 11, 1908, the Republican-controlled New York Legislature under Governor Charles Evans Hughes passed the Hart–Agnew anti-betting legislation. The owners of Sheepshead Bay Race Track, and other racing facilities in New York State, struggled to stay in business without income from betting. Racetrack operators had no choice but to drastically reduce the purse money being paid out, which resulted in the Great Trial Stakes offering a purse in 1909 that was less than one-tenth of what it had been a year earlier. These small purses made horse racing unprofitable and impossible for even the most successful horse owners to continue in business. As such, for the 1910 racing season, management of the Sheepshead Bay facility dropped some of its minor stakes races and used the purse money to bolster its most important events. Even with additional funding, the Great Trial Stakes of 1910 was little more than one-third of what it had been in 1908.
In spite of strong opposition by prominent owners such as August Belmont, Jr. and Harry Payne Whitney, reform legislators were not happy when they learned that betting was still going on at racetracks between individuals, and they had further restrictive legislation passed by the New York Legislature in 1910. Recorded as the Executive Liability Act, the legislation made it possible for racetrack owners and members of its board of directors to be fined and imprisoned if anyone was found betting, even privately, anywhere on their premises. After a 1911 amendment to the law to limit the liability of owners and directors was defeated, every racetrack in New York State shut down. As a result, the Great Trial Stakes was not run in 1911 and 1912.
Owners, whose horses of racing age had nowhere to go, began sending them, their trainers and their jockeys to race in England and France. Many horses ended their racing careers there, and a number remained to become an important part of the European horse breeding industry. Thoroughbred Times reported that more than 1,500 American horses were sent overseas between 1908 and 1913, and of them at least 24 were either past, present, or future Champions. When a February 21, 1913 ruling by the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division Court saw horse racing return in 1913, it was too late for the Sheepshead Bay horse racing facility, and it never reopened. However, the race was run for one final time at Belmont Park on June 30, 1913.
Great Trial Stakes winners who became the year's Champion Two-Year-Old:
Blue Girl ( 1901)
Colin (1907)
Commando (1900)
Dalmatian (1909)
Domino (1893)
Hamburg (1897)
Their Highness (1891)
Irish Lad (1902)
Jean Bereaud (1898)
Sir Martin (1908)
Career Championships & honors of Great Trial Stakes winners:
Blue Girl:
Co-Champion Two-Year-Old Female (1901)
Champion Three-Year-Old Female (1902)
Colin:
Champion Two-Year-Old Male (1907)
Horse of the Year (1907, 1908)
Champion Three-Year-Old Male (1908
Racing Hall of Fame(1956)
Commando:
Champion Two-Year-Old Male (1900)
Horse of the Year (1900, 1901)
Champion Three-Year-Old Male (1901)
Leading sire in North America (1907)
Racing Hall of Fame (1956)
Domino:
Champion Two-Year-Old Colt (1893)
Horse of the Year (1893)
Racing Hall of Fame (1955)
Hamburg:
Champion Two-Year-Old Colt (1897)
Horse of the Year (1898)
Racing Hall of Fame (1986)
Records
Speed record:
1:12.00 – Sir Martin (1908) 6 F.
1:10.20 – Winged Foot (1896) 5 ¾ F.
Most wins by a jockey:
2 – Edward Garrison (1893, 1894)
2 – Walter Miller (1906, 1907)
Most wins by a trainer:
7 – John E. Madden (1897, 1899, 1901, 1902, 1903, 1904, 1908)
Most wins by an owner:
6 – John E. Madden (1897, 1899, 1901, 1903, 1904, 1908)
Most wins by a breeder:
7 – John E. Madden (1897, 1899, 1901, 1902, 1903, 1904, 1908)
Winners
References
Discontinued horse races in New York City
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Sheepshead Bay Race Track
Belmont Park
Recurring sporting events established in 1891
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1913
1891 establishments in New York (state)
1913 disestablishments in New York (state)
Carbonara is an Italian pasta dish.
Carbonara may also refer to:
Places
Carbonara di Bari, a comune (municipality) in the Italian region Apulia
Carbonara di Nola, a comune in the Province of Naples in the Italian region Campania
Carbonara di Po, a comune in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy
Carbonara Scrivia, a comune in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont
Carbonara al Ticino, a comune in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy
Pizzo Carbonara, the highest peak of the Madonie mountains in Sicily
San Giovanni a Carbonara, a church in Naples, southern Italy
Karbunarë, a village in Fier County, Albania
Karbunarë, Vlorë, a village in Vlorë County, Albania
Cape Carbonara, a promontory in Sardinia, Italy
Other uses
Carbonara, a female member of the Carbonari secret society
"Carbonara", a 1982 song by Spliff
La Carbonara (film 2000), an Italian film directed by Luigi Magni
People with the name
David Carbonara, a film and TV composer and music editor
Gerard Carbonara (1886–1959), an American composer
See also
Carbonera (disambiguation)
Carbonaria (disambiguation)
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1989 season.
Overview
Taipei City Bank won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Chinese Taipei National Football League seasons
1
Taipei
Taipei
Trypanothione is an unusual form of glutathione containing two molecules of glutathione joined by a spermidine (polyamine) linker. It is found in parasitic protozoa such as leishmania and trypanosomes. These protozoal parasites are the cause of leishmaniasis, sleeping sickness and Chagas' disease. Trypanothione was discovered by Alan Fairlamb. Its structure was proven by chemical synthesis. It is unique to the Kinetoplastida and not found in other parasitic protozoa such as Entamoeba histolytica. Since this thiol is absent from humans and is essential for the survival of the parasites, the enzymes that make and use this molecule are targets for the development of new drugs to treat these diseases.
Trypanothione-dependent enzymes include reductases, peroxidases, glyoxalases and transferases. Trypanothione-disulfide reductase (TryR) was the first trypanothione-dependent enzyme to be discovered (EC 1.8.1.12). It is an NADPH-dependent flavoenzyme that reduces trypanothione disulfide. TryR is essential for survival of these parasites both in vitro and in the human host.
A major function of trypanothione is in the defence against oxidative stress. Here, trypanothione-dependent enzymes such as tryparedoxin peroxidase (TryP) reduce peroxides using electrons donated either directly from trypanothione, or via the redox intermediate tryparedoxin (TryX). Trypanothione-dependent hydrogen peroxide metabolism is particularly important in these organisms because they lack catalase. Since the trypanosomatids also lack an equivalent of thioredoxin reductase, trypanothione reductase is the sole path that electrons can take from NADPH to these antioxidant enzymes.
References
Thiols
Peptides
Konkan division is one of the six administrative divisions of Maharashtra state in India. It comprises the northern and central portions of the greater Konkan region, which were absorbed into Maharashtra owing to the States Reorganisation of India. Konkan division is the western section of present-day Maharashtra, along the west coast of India. The two districts of the state capital Mumbai (Bombay) also fall in Konkan division.
History of administrative districts in Konkan division
There have been changes in the names of districts and has seen also the addition of newer districts after India gained Independence in 1947 and also after the state of Maharashtra was formed.
Since 1947, east-west tracts of Thane district on Salsette Island, starting with the City of Bandra, then Andheri, then finally Borivali to Dahisar were carved out and added to the former Bombay, now 'Mumbai,' district. Recently, the 'Mumbai' district was bifurcated into the Mumbai & Mumbai Suburban districts; the latter covers Salsette Island.
In 1961 the Konkan region became a part of the newly formed state of Maharashtra. Prior to this it was a part of Bombay province which was split to form Gujarat and Maharashtra.
Creation of the Sindhudurg from the southern areas of the Ratnagiri district.
The erstwhile Kolaba district was renamed as Raigad.
In 2014, Palghar district was carved out of Thane district with the inclusion of the northern parts of Thane district which include Palghar, Vada, Vikramgad, Jawhar, Mokhada, Dahanu and Talasari Vasai talukas in the new district.
See also
Konkan
Divisions of Maharashtra
References
Divisions of Maharashtra
The chotoy spinetail (Schoeniophylax phryganophilus) is a species of bird in the ovenbird family, the Furnariidae. It belongs to the monotypic genus Schoeniophylax. It is found in Uruguay, Paraguay, Bolivia, regions of northern Argentina, and extreme southern Brazil, including the Pantanal. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
References
External links
Chotoy spinetail videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Chotoy spinetail photo gallery VIREO
Photo-Medium Res; Article chandra.as.utexas.edu–"Birds of Brazil"
Photo-High Res; Article tropicalbirding
Furnariidae
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1817
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 16th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party was held in Beijing between November 8 and 14, 2002. It was preceded by the 15th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party. 2,114 delegates and 40 specially invited delegates attended this and elected a 356-member 16th CCP Central Committee, as well as a 121-member Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI). The Congress marked the nominal transition of power between Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, who replaced Jiang as General Secretary, and a newly expanded Politburo Standing Committee line-up. The institutional transition would be completed in state organs by the 2003 National People's Congress in March. Jiang, however, remained head of the Central Military Commission, therefore in practice, the power transition was not complete. The Party National Congress examined and adopted the amendment to the Constitution of the Chinese Communist Party proposed by the 15th CCP Central Committee, and decided to come into force as from the date of its adoption. An amendment to the Constitution was approved the Party National Congress, with Jiang Zemin's signature ideology of "Three Represents" written into it. This congress was succeeded by the 17th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party.
Members of the Party Central Committee
The 16th CCP Central Committee is composed of 198 full members and 158 alternate members, as well as a 121-member Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
The Party General Secretary: Hu Jintao (Nov. 15, 2002, the first plenary session of the 16th CCP Central Committee)
Central Committee Secretariat: Zeng Qinghong, Liu Yunshan, Zhou Yongkang, They Guoqiang, Wang Gang, Xu Caihou and They Yong
16th CCP Politburo Standing Committee: Hu Jintao, Wu Bangguo, Wen Jiabao, Jia Qinglin, Zeng Qinghong, Huang Ju, Wu Guanzheng, Li Changchun and Luo Gan
16th CCP Politburo: Wang Lequan, Wang Zhaoguo, Hui Liangyu (Hui), Liu Qi, Liu Yunshan, Li Changchun, Wu Yi (female), Wu Bangguo, Wu Guanzheng, Zhang Lichang, Zhang Dejiang, Chen Liangyu, Luo Gan, Zhou Yongkang, Hu Jintao, Yu Zhengsheng, They Guoqiang, Jia Qinglin, Guo Boxiong, Huang Ju, Cao Gangchuan, Zeng Qinghong, Zeng Peiyan, Wen Jiabao
The Central Military Commission
Chairman of the Commission: Jiang Zemin
vice chairpeople of the commission: Hu Jintao, Guo Boxiong and Cao Gangchuan
members of the commission: Xu Caihou, Liang Guanglie, Liao Xilong and Li Jinai
The Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI)
secretary of the CCDI: Wu Guanzheng
deputy secretaries of the CCDI: They Yong, Xia Zanzhong, Li Zhilun, Zhang Shutian, Liu Xirong, Zhang Huixin and Liu Fengyan
Inner party democracy
Out of the nearly 200 Central Committees that was elected by the Congress, it is possible to judge from the number of votes cast in favour the delegates who lacked support in the party. Huang Ju, who was made Vice-Premier in 2003, had the fewest votes in favour, with more than 300 delegates voting against him. Others in the bottom seven, in order from least popular, were Li Changchun (CCP propaganda chief), Zhang Gaoli (then Shandong Party Chief), Jia Qinglin (CPPCC Chairman), Xi Jinping (then Zhejiang Party chief), Li Yizhong, and Chen Zhili (made State Councilor). Shanghai party chief Chen Liangyu ranked tenth from last, while Beijing party chief Liu Qi ranked twelfth from last. The trend seems to reflect that many Politburo Standing Committee members were extremely unpopular within the party, and that their subsequent positioning is the result of power bargaining between top leaders alone, and not a collective decision by the party.
See also
Politics of the People's Republic of China
Open Letter to the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party
References
External links
Report from the 6th Plenum of the 16th CCP Congress
2002 conferences
2002 elections in China
2002 in politics
National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party
The enzyme UDP-glucose 4-epimerase (), also known as UDP-galactose 4-epimerase or GALE, is a homodimeric epimerase found in bacterial, fungal, plant, and mammalian cells. This enzyme performs the final step in the Leloir pathway of galactose metabolism, catalyzing the reversible conversion of UDP-galactose to UDP-glucose. GALE tightly binds nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+), a co-factor required for catalytic activity.
Additionally, human and some bacterial GALE isoforms reversibly catalyze the formation of UDP-N-acetylgalactosamine (UDP-GalNAc) from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine (UDP-GlcNAc) in the presence of NAD+, an initial step in glycoprotein or glycolipid synthesis.
Historical significance
Dr. Luis Leloir deduced the role of GALE in galactose metabolism during their tenure at the Instituto de Investigaciones Bioquímicas del Fundación Campomar, initially terming the enzyme waldenase. Dr. Leloir was awarded the 1970 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their discovery of sugar nucleotides and their role in the biosynthesis of carbohydrates.
Structure
GALE belongs to the short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (SDR) superfamily of proteins. This family is characterized by a conserved Tyr-X-X-X-Lys motif necessary for enzymatic activity; one or more Rossmann fold scaffolds; and the ability to bind NAD+.
Tertiary structure
GALE structure has been resolved for a number of species, including E. coli and humans. GALE exists as a homodimer in various species.
While subunit size varies from 68 amino acids (Enterococcus faecalis) to 564 amino acids (Rhodococcus jostii), a majority of GALE subunits cluster near 330 amino acids in length. Each subunit contains two distinct domains. An N-terminal domain contains a 7-stranded parallel β-pleated sheet flanked by α-helices. Paired Rossmann folds within this domain allow GALE to tightly bind one NAD+ cofactor per subunit. A 6-stranded β-sheet and 5 α-helices comprise GALE's C-terminal domain. C-terminal residues bind UDP, such that the subunit is responsible for correctly positioning UDP-glucose or UDP-galactose for catalysis.
Active site
The cleft between GALE's N- and C-terminal domains constitutes the enzyme's active site. A conserved Tyr-X-X-X Lys motif is necessary for GALE catalytic activity; in humans, this motif is represented by Tyr 157-Gly-Lys-Ser-Lys 161, while E. coli GALE contains Tyr 149-Gly-Lys-Ser-Lys 153. The size and shape of GALE's active site varies across species, allowing for variable GALE substrate specificity. Additionally, the conformation of the active site within a species-specific GALE is malleable; for instance, a bulky UDP-GlcNAc 2' N-acetyl group is accommodated within the human GALE active site by the rotation of the Asn 207 carboxamide side chain.
Mechanism
Conversion of UDP-galactose to UDP-glucose
GALE inverts the configuration of the 4' hydroxyl group of UDP-galactose through a series of 4 steps. Upon binding UDP-galactose, a conserved tyrosine residue in the active site abstracts a proton from the 4' hydroxyl group.
Concomitantly, the 4' hydride is added to the si-face of NAD+, generating NADH and a 4-ketopyranose intermediate. The 4-ketopyranose intermediate rotates 180° about the pyrophosphoryl linkage between the glycosyl oxygen and β-phosphorus atom, presenting the opposite face of the ketopyranose intermediate to NADH. Hydride transfer from NADH to this opposite face inverts the stereochemistry of the 4' center. The conserved tyrosine residue then donates its proton, regenerating the 4' hydroxyl group.
Conversion of UDP-GlcNAc to UDP-GalNAc
Human and some bacterial GALE isoforms reversibly catalyze the conversion of UDP-GlcNAc to UDP-GalNAc through an identical mechanism, inverting the stereochemical configuration at the sugar's 4' hydroxyl group.
Biological function
Galactose metabolism
No direct catabolic pathways exist for galactose metabolism. Galactose is therefore preferentially converted into glucose-1-phosphate, which may be shunted into glycolysis or the inositol synthesis pathway.
GALE functions as one of four enzymes in the Leloir pathway of galactose conversion of glucose-1-phosphate. First, galactose mutarotase converts β-D-galactose to α-D-galactose. Galactokinase then phosphorylates α-D-galactose at the 1' hydroxyl group, yielding galactose-1-phosphate. In the third step, galactose-1-phosphate uridyltransferase catalyzes the reversible transfer of a UMP moiety from UDP-glucose to galactose-1-phosphate, generating UDP-galactose and glucose-1-phosphate. In the final Leloir step, UDP-glucose is regenerated from UDP-galactose by GALE; UDP-glucose cycles back to the third step of the pathway. As such, GALE regenerates a substrate necessary for continued Leloir pathway cycling.
The glucose-1-phosphate generated in step 3 of the Leloir pathway may be isomerized to glucose-6-phosphate by phosphoglucomutase. Glucose-6-phosphate readily enters glycolysis, leading to the production of ATP and pyruvate. Furthermore, glucose-6-phosphate may be converted to inositol-1-phosphate by inositol-3-phosphate synthase, generating a precursor needed for inositol biosynthesis.
UDP-GalNAc synthesis
Human and selected bacterial GALE isoforms bind UDP-GlcNAc, reversibly catalyzing its conversion to UDP-GalNAc. A family of glycosyltransferases known as UDP-N-acetylgalactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosamine transferases (ppGaNTases) transfers GalNAc from UDP-GalNAc to glycoprotein serine and threonine residues. ppGaNTase-mediated glycosylation regulates protein sorting, ligand signaling, resistance to proteolytic attack, and represents the first committed step in mucin biosynthesis.
Role in disease
Human GALE deficiency or dysfunction results in Type III galactosemia, which may exist in a mild (peripheral) or more severe (generalized) form.
References
Further reading
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Epimerase Deficiency Galactosemia
OMIM entries on Epimerase Deficiency Galactosemia
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
NADH-dependent enzymes
Melik Arslan Bey (r. 1454-1466), was the seventh bey of the Beylik of Dulkadir. They were the third son of Dulkadiroğlu Süleyman Bey (r. 1442-1454).
Reign
Melik Arslan was defeated by Uzun Hasan, the sultan of the Akkoyunlu, ( a Turkmen sultanate in the East Anatolia). Uzun Hasan invaded Kharput and devastated the capital of Elbistan. Ultimately, forcing Melik Arslan to flee to Cairo to seek support.
Death
Melik Arslan, who established relations with the Mamluk Sultanate, was killed in 1466 while worshipping at the mosque in Elbistan by an assassin of the Mamluk Sultan Sayf ad-Din Khushqadam, with assistance of Arslan's brother Shah Budak.
Mamluks had begun to suspect Melik Arslan of trying to come under the rule of the Ottomans.
Ibn Taghribirdi twice mentioned the assassination of Melik Arslan. At the first time, they deemed it unnecessary to name the culprit, in another place they reported that, according to rumors, the killer was sent by the Mamluk Sultan to Elbistan.
Abdulbasit al-Malati and Muhammad ibn Iyas indicated that Melik Arslan was killed by order of the Sultan.
The Mamluks appointed Shah Budak as the new bey in 1465.
Issue
Melik Arslan Bey's only known child was Emir Arslan Bey.
Other children include:
Malik Arslan Bey, lived: 1457-1469
Al-Nabik Arslan Bey, lived: 1457-1491
Muhamed Arslan Bey, lived: 1458-1502
References
See also
Beylik of Dulkadir
Dulkadirids
15th-century monarchs in Asia
Turkic rulers
1466 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Terry Ewasiuk (born October 26, 1953) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. They were selected by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 7th round (103rd overall) of the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft, and was also drafted by the Chicago Cougars in the 4th round (40th overall) of the 1973 WHA Amateur Draft. Ewasiuk is currently the head coach for the Saddle Lake Warriors of the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League.
Playing career
Ewasiuk began their professional career with the Hershey Bears, playing the 1973–74 and 1974–75 seasons with the American Hockey League (AHL) team. They split the 1975–76 season between the Saginaw Gears of the International Hockey League (IHL), and the Baltimore Clippers and Springfield Indians of the AHL. Ewasiuk skated the next two seasons with the Fort Wayne Komets of the IHL before retiring as a player following the 1977–78 campaign.
Coaching career
Ewasiuk served three years as head coach in the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) with the Fort Saskatchewan Traders and the Sherwood Park Crusaders before becoming head coach of the Grant MacEwan College men's ice hockey team. In the college ranks, Ewasiuk spent six seasons as head coach with the Grant MacEwan Griffins and seven as the head coach of the Portage College Voyageurs. On September 3, 2013, Ewasiuk was brought in as the head coach of the Saddle Lake Warriors in the North Eastern Alberta Junior B Hockey League.
Personal
Their son Jay (born August 2, 1980) was drafted by the Moose Jaw Warriors in the 3rd round (45th overall) 1995 WHL Bantam Draft.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Baltimore Clippers players
Canadian ice hockey coaches
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Chicago Cougars draft picks
Edmonton Movers players
Fort Wayne Komets players
Hershey Bears players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Pittsburgh Penguins draft picks
Saginaw Gears players
Springfield Indians players
Victoria Cougars (WHL) players
People from Smoky Lake County
PIH Health Hospital - Whittier is a hospital in Whittier, California. It has 548 licensed beds. Founded in 1959 as Presbyterian Intercommunity Hospital, it has been managed by the nonprofit InterHealth Corporation since the mid-1980s. The organization changed its name to PIH Health in 2012. The PIH Health organization started as one hospital in Whittier but now operates three including PIH Health Hospital - Downey which was formerly known as Downey Regional Medical Center added in 2013 and PIH Health Good Samaritan Hospital located in Downtown Los Angeles, added in 2019 making it the third hospital in the medical network. Between all locations PIH Health has 7,100 full-time employees, three hospitals totaling 1,130 licensed beds, and 26 outpatient clinics The organization operates medical offices in primary care, specialist care and urgent care centers in the region that were formerly branded as Bright Medical and Pioneer Medical Group which was added in 2019 to expand the geographic footprint. PIH Health is the largest employer in Whittier, and one of the largest in that region of Los Angeles County.
References
Hospitals in Los Angeles County, California
Hospitals established in 1959
Marquess Lie of Zhao (?-400 BCE) () was a ruler of the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history (475-220 BCE). Born Zhào Jí (), their father was Marquess Xian of Zhao ().
During their reign the Marquess employed righteous and humane government officials including Gōng Zhònglián (), Niú Xù (), Xún Xīn () and Xú Yuè () whilst themselves following the virtuous “Way of the King” ().
When fierce cavalry from the State of Zhōngshān () attacked the State of Zhao, Marquess Lie allied with Marquess Wen of Wei () of the State of Wei to attack Zhongshan and afterwards moved the Zhao capital to Hándān ().
In the sixth year of Marquess Lie's reign (403 BCE), Zhao, along with Wei and Han, became vassal states of the Zhou Kingdom as a result of the Partition of Jin.
Marquess Lie died in 400 BCE in the second year of the reign of King An of Zhou (). Since their son was underage, Marquess Lie's younger brother Zhào Wŭgōng () succeeded them as ruler.
Monarchs of Zhao (state)
Zhou dynasty nobility
5th-century BC Chinese monarchs
Zhao (state)
Founding monarchs
Pedro de Alcántara Álvarez de Toledo y Palafox, 12th Marquess of Molina, 13th Marquess of Villafranca (11 May 1803 – 10 January 1867) was Spanish Minister of Naval affairs, mid-19th century, reign of Isabella II of Spain counting amongst other political achievements the construction and launch in the Royal Dockyards of Ferrol, of Spain's first steam propelled ship in 1858. The ship was named after the Spanish monarch (i.e.: Isabel II). Medina Sidonia was succeeded by their son José Joaquín Álvarez de Toledo, 18th Duke of Medina Sidonia.
|-
117
110
19th-century Spanish people
1803 births
1867 deaths
Sebastián Ariel Penco (born 22 September 1983 in Morón, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a forward for San Martín SJ.
External links
Profile & Statistics at Guardian's Stats Centre
Apertura 2004 Statistics at Terra.com.ar
Ascenso MX Profile
1983 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Everton de Viña del Mar footballers
Xanthi F.C. players
Nueva Chicago footballers
Club Almirante Brown footballers
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Deportivo Español footballers
Aldosivi footballers
Club Almagro players
Once Caldas footballers
San Martín de San Juan footballers
Atlético San Luis footballers
Murciélagos FC footballers
Club Atlético Sarmiento footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Super League Greece players
Categoría Primera A player
Ascenso MX players
Peruvian Primera División players
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Peru
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Peru
CCTR may refer to:
Corpus Christi Terminal Railroad
Camino Colombia Toll Road
The 1898 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their ninth season in existence. The team finished 6–2–1.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
Tyler Joe Miller is a Canadian country singer and songwriter.  They are signed to MDM Recordings. They were the first independent artist to debut with back-to-back No. 1 hits on the Billboard Canada Country chart with "Pillow Talkin'" and "I Would Be Over Me Too".
Biography
Miller was born in Surrey, British Columbia. In 2019, Miller won the BC Country Music Association's Ray McAuley Horizon Award. Miller cites Brad Paisley, Alan Jackson, Kenny Rogers, George Strait, and Garth Brooks as influences on their music.
On Christmas Day 2019, Miller released their debut single "Pillow Talkin'". The song reached No. 1 on the Billboard Canada Country chart, making Miller the first independently signed artist to top the chart with their debut single. It also became Miller's first Gold-certified single.
In June 2020, Miller released their second single "I Would Be Over Me Too". Miller was then selected as a semi-finalist in the SiriusXM Top of the Country competition. In October, "I Would Be Over Me Too" would also reach No. 1 on the Canada Country chart, handing Miller their second consecutive chart-topper, and first as a songwriter. In November 2020, Miller released their debut extended play Sometimes I Don't, But Sometimes I Do, which featured their first two singles as well as their the singles, "Fighting" and "Sometimes I Do". In November 2021, Miller was named the winner of the SiriusXM "Top of the Country" competition. They released the single "Wild as Her" in February 2022.
Personal life
Miller is a carpenter and painter by trade. They own a non-profit organization called The Climb Outreach Society, which provides housing, drinking water sources, as well as emergency food funds and healthcare for newborn babies in Central and South America.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Musicians from British Columbia
21st-century Canadian male singers
People from Surrey, British Columbia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Kasumi Rock () is a substantial rock exposure on the coast between Ichime Glacier and Kasumi Glacier in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys and air photos by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition, 1957–62, who also gave the name.
References
Rock formations of Queen Maud Land
Prince Olav Coast
Waverly (also Mullens Bluff, Waverley, Waverley Plantation) is an unincorporated community in Clay County, Mississippi, United States.
Waverly is located on the former Southern Railway. Waverly was once home to a church, saw mill, and grist mill. A ferry once operated in Waverly that was used to cross the Tombigbee River.
A post office operated under the name Waverly from 1879 to 1906.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Clay County, Mississippi
Unincorporated communities in Mississippi
Susan Lynne Bayh ( ; November 28, 1959 – February 5, 2021) was an American attorney and First Lady of Indiana from 1989 until 1997. They were married to Evan Bayh, a Democratic Indiana politician, who served as the state's governor (1989–1997) and United States Senator (1999–2011).
A newspaper in Indiana described them as being engaged in a profession it termed "professional board member" or "professional director".
Career
Bayh began their careers in law and business as a litigator for the Los Angeles law firms of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, and later for the Indiana firm of Barnes & Thornburg. In 1989, they joined the pharmaceutical division at the Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly and Company, managing the company's handling of federal regulatory issues. In 1994, they left the employ of Eli Lilly and taught at Butler University's College of Business Administration, holding the title of distinguished visiting professor.
An Indiana newspaper listed eight corporations of which Bayh was a director, as of 2006. Bayh began serving on corporate boards in 1994 and thereafter served on the boards of 14 corporations, including the insurance, pharmaceutical, and food processing industries.
Personal life
Bayh earned their Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of California, Berkeley. They were a past Miss Southern California and a member of Alpha Phi. They earned their Juris Doctor degree from the University of Southern California Law School in 1984.
Bayh and their husband had twin sons, Birch Evans IV (Beau) and Nicholas, born in 1995.
In May 2018, Bayh underwent brain surgery to remove a malignant glioblastoma tumor. They died in McLean, Virginia on February 5, 2021, at the age of 61.
References
External links
Susan B. Bayh, J.D. at Forbes
Collected news and commentary at The Journal Gazette (Fort Wayne, Indiana)
1959 births
2021 deaths
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Indiana
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American business persons
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women lawyers
American corporate directors
American women business executives
Bayh family
Businesspeople from Indiana
Butler University faculty
Corporate lawyers
Deaths from brain cancer in the United States
Deaths from glioblastoma
Eli Lilly and Company people
Evan Bayh
Indiana lawyers
Lawyers from Los Angeles
People associated with Gibson Dunn
People from Indianapolis
People from Los Angeles County, California
USC Gould School of Law alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
The Cardiff Roller Collective (CRoC) are a roller sports league based in Cardiff, Wales. Founded in 2010, the league has three roller derbies, one roller hockey team, and an artistic skating group.
Founded in October 2010, It initially had two teams, the Raiders of Roath Park and the Roathmantics; these were subsequently rearranged. The Collective was also joined by the Bridgend Bombshells, which had been founded in 2009. The Bombshells were based at the Bridgend Recreation Centre, in a town near Cardiff, although this was set for closure at the end of 2011.
By late 2011, CRoC had launched roller hockey and artistic roller skating groups, and its membership exceeded seventy people.
CRoC became members of the United Kingdom Roller Derby Association in May 2012.
References
Roller derby in Wales
Roller derby leagues in the United Kingdom
Roller derby leagues established in 2010
Roller hockey teams
Sport in Cardiff
Sport in Bridgend County Borough
Roller hockey in Wales
Neil Darren Arndale (born 26 April 1984) is a former professional footballer who plays as a defender. They played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers and has also played youth football internationally for England.  They are currently with Larkhall Athletic.
Arndale came through the youth ranks at Bristol Rovers and was promoted to the senior squad in 2002. During this time they were selected to play for England under-16s and England under-18s. In all they played five League games and one game in the Football League Trophy for The Pirates, and was also sent out on loan to Clevedon Town on what the club referred to as 'work experience' terms.
They were released by Bristol Rovers in 2004 and dropped down into non-League football. They spent two years with Cirencester Town, where they were clubbed captain, before joining Mangotsfield United in 2006. Arndale was linked heavily with a move to Gloucester City during their spell with Mangotsfield however rejected the decision to move up the pyramid.
In June 2011, Arndale returned to former club, Cirencester Town. However, in October 2011, they left the club, and returned to Mangotsfield United.
They joined Mangotsfield United in 2011 but in January 2012 left the club, as they wished to take a break from football due to work commitments. A few months later however in May 2012, they returned to Mangotsfield for a third spell, moving to Larkhall Athletic in 2015.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Clevedon Town F.C. players
Cirencester Town F.C. players
Mangotsfield United F.C. players
Southern Football League players
Footballers from Bristol
Spiridon, Serbian Patriarch, also known as Spiridon I, was the archbishop of the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć and the Serbian patriarch from 1380 to 1389.
Biography
They were elected at the council of the Serbian church in 1380, after the withdrawal from that place, of their predecessor, Patriarch Jefrem. Prince Lazar and the members of the council begged Patriarch Jefrem not to leave the patriarchal throne, but they were consistent and proposed to the members of the council as their successor Spiridon. When Prince Lazar, who convened the council, and the present archbishops and other participants realized that Patriarch Jefrem was determined, they listened to their advice and elected Spiridon as patriarch. The testimonies of Bishop Marko about that election and Ephraim's proposal remain, followed by a written trace in the Tronoški genealogy and the General Gazette.
The life path of Spiridon, until the election for the head of the Serbian Church, is little known. It is noted that they were born in Nis and that they were a brother of the monastery of St. Paneteleimon on Mount Athos. They belonged to a high circle of the Serbian cultural elite, which produced the greatest writers of that period, and who, in cooperation with other Slavic monasteries, introduced a new style of Church Slavonic orthography into Slavic literature. It is assumed that the introductory parts of the five charters of Prince Lazar, judging by the stylistic features, are the work of Patriarch Spiridon.
Activities
Some sources state that Spiridon, before the election for the Serbian patriarch, was the bishop of Caesaropolis, and later the metropolitan in Melnik. This assumption is supported by two acts from the Vatopedi monastery on Mount Athos, in which, in October 1377, Metropolitan Spiridon is mentioned. One charter of Prince Lazar issued in 1379/80. year to the Hilandar monastery was confirmed by Patriarch Spiridon.
The name of Patriarch Spiridon is also associated with the so-called Gornjačka povelja. Patriarch Spiridon is also connected with the Charter on the founding of the Kinovit monastery Drenče in Župa near Aleksandrovac, the endowment of the monk Dorothea and their son Danilo, the later Serbian patriarch Danilo III. Nicodemus Mirceta, copying Letovnik in 1387 in the monastery of the Holy Archangels near Prizren, states that at that time "the Serbian Patriarch Cyrus Spiridon was on the throne".
On 19 January 1388, Patriarch Spiridon confirmed the creation of the endowment of the landowner Obrad Dragojlović, the church of the Most Holy Mother of God, in the village of Kukonj near Brvenik on the Ibar.
Serbian Patriarch Spiridon was on the throne of the Serbian Church in very difficult times, during the great invasion of the Turks, who in turn conquered Sofia, Sir, Ber and Ioannina. According to the testimonies of that time, they gave communion to the Serbian army before the Battle of Kosovo on the eve of Vidovdan in 1389.
Patriarch Spiridon survived the Kosovo tragedy for barely two months. They died on 11 August 1389. The relics of this Serbian saint are in the church of St. Demetrius in the Serbian Patriarchate of Peć.
See also
List of heads of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Notes
Sava Vuković, 1996, p. 464-465.
References
"Serbian Patriarch Spiridon". Folk encyclopedia. Zagreb: Bibliographic Institute. 1927
Vuković, Sava (1996). Serbian hierarchs from the ninth to the twentieth century. Euro, Unirex, Kalenić.
Popović, Radomir V. (1989). "Church-Political Conditions in Serbia before the Battle of Kosovo in 1389" (PDF). Theology: Organ of the Orthodox Theological Faculty in Belgrade. 47 (1-2): 10-21.
1300s births
1389 deaths
Patriarchs of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Patriarchate of Peć
Archbishops of Serbs
Prof. Miriam Coronel-Ferrer is a Filipino peace negotiator and the chair of the peace panel of the Government of the Philippines during the time of President Simeon Benigno Aquino III (2010-2016). On behalf of government, they signed the Comprehensive Agreement on the Bangsamoro with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front.  They are the first female chief negotiator in the world to sign a final peace accord with a rebel group.
 They are also a political science professor at the University of the Philippines (UP).
Education and career
Coronel-Ferrer graduated cum laude from UP Diliman with a degree in philosophy in 1980. They also possess a master's degree in Southeast Asian Studies from the University of Kent at Canterbury.
In the early 2000s, they served as the director of the UP Third World Studies Center and was a convenor of the Program on Peace, Democratization, and Human Rights of the UP Center for Integrative and Development Studies until 2005.
Before joining the government peace panel, Coronel-Ferrer was already involved in a number of campaigns. They were founding co-chair of the Non-State Actors Working Group of the 1997 Nobel Peace Prize winner International Campaign to Ban Landmines, and served in this capacity from 1999-2004. In 2005, they joined 26 other Filipinas nominated among the "1,000 Women for the Nobel" peace prize in 2005. They co-led the civil society-initiated drafting of the National Action Plan (NAP) on UN Security Council Resolution 1325. The Philippine NAP was formally adopted by the government in March 2010.
Appointed by President Benigno Simeon Aquino III to the Government Negotiating Panel in July 2010, they were assigned to their post as Panel Chair on 7 December 2012, replacing Associate Justice Marvic Leonen.
As the chair of the government panel, Prof. Ferrer oversaw the implementation of the Comprehensive Agreement on the Bangsamoro.
Publications and awards
Prof. Ferrer has published several books and journal articles on Philippine democratization, civil society, human rights and peace processes, and served as visiting professor in Hankuk University in Seoul, Hiroshima University in Japan, and Gadja Madah University in Yogjakarta, Indonesia.
Recent awards received by Coronel-Ferrer include the 2015 Hillary Rodham Clinton Award for Advancing Women in Peace and Security, the 2015 Xavier University-Ateneo de Cagayan Fr William F Masterson SJ Award, the 2014 United Nations Development Program N-Peace Award for Campaigning for Action, and the 2011 Philippine Science High School Alumni Association Gawad Lagabalab for Outstanding Alumni.
Mamasapano
In the aftermath of the Mamasapano clash, a police operation that successfully killed Malaysian terrorist Zulkifli Abdhir alias Marwan, but led to the killing of 44 police commandos by Moro rebels, Coronel-Ferrer was involved in a tense exchange with Senator Alan Peter Cayetano. Coronel-Ferrer argued that "The government policy is to negotiate with the armed groups that are fighting the government." The Senator responded by saying, "All governments around the world, the policy is not to negotiate with terrorists. If the peace panel does not know that, we're in trouble." To which Coronel-Ferrer replied that they were "not aware of any such policy."
Coronel-Ferrer's calls for calm in the wake of the clash have drawn criticism from many Filipino netizens. Many have accused them of treason and of rushing the peace process, at the expense of justice. They received death threats and manipulated, sexually explicit images of their spread across the Internet. However, Coronel-Ferrer says they accept them as "part of the job".
External links
Coronel-Ferrer's faculty profile at the UP Diliman, Department of Political Science website
Coronel-Ferrer's bio at The Institute for Inclusive Security
References
Filipino women in politics
Filipino educators
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
University of the Philippines people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Benigno Aquino III administration personnel
Hoffmaneumatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have only 28 segments (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last), not the 30 segments usually found in this order. Adult males in this family feature a reduced leg pair 10 in addition to the two pairs (pairs 8 and 9) normally modified into gonopods in this order. In the adult male of the species Hoffmaneuma exiguum, for example, the gonopod complex derives from all three leg pairs rather than from just the usual two.
Genera:
Hoffmaneuma Golovatch, 1978
Japanoparvus Shear, Tanabe & Tsurusaki, 1997
References
Chordeumatida
The Union Peace Dialogue Joint Committee (UPDJC) () is the top negotiating committee in Myanmar's ongoing peace process. The committee consists of representatives from the government, ethnic armed groups and political parties whose have incumbent elected parliamentarians. It was formed as a part of prescribed peace process which is outlined in the Nationwide Ceasefire Agreement.
References
Internal conflict in Myanmar
Myanmar
Tondidarou is a small town and megalithic archaeological site in Niafunké Cercle, Timbuktu Region, Mali, northwest of Niafunké, about 150 kilometres south-west of Timbuktu. The site, located on the eastern bank of Lac Tagadji, was discovered by Jules Brévié in 1904 and is said to be "defined by three groups of stone megaliths", monoliths which are a "remarkable collection of phalliform stone monuments." Ancient Egypt in Africa refers to the site as "Diop's 'Egypt-influenced' phalliform stone circle of Tondidarou". Eugene Maes was the first to seriously document the stones at Tondidarou in 1924. It was extensively excavated in around 1980. The site is dated to 670 - 790 AD.
References
Further reading
Saliege, JF, Person, A., Barry, I. and Fontes, P. (1980) 'Premieres datations de tumulus pre- islamiques au Mali: site mcgalithiquc de Tondidarou', Comptes rendus de /' Academic des Sciences, 291 (D), 12, pp. 981–4.
Archaeological sites in Mali
Populated places in Tombouctou Region
Megalithic monuments
Archaeological sites of Western Africa
The LSU Tigers women's gymnastics team represents Louisiana State University in NCAA Division I women's gymnastics. The team competes in the Southeastern Conference and is currently coached by Jay Clark, who is coaching in their first season. The Pete Maravich Assembly Center serves as the home arena for the team.
History
The gymnastics program was founded in 1970. In 2008, LSU made their first Super Six appearance. The team also made Super Six appearances in 2009, 2013 and 2014. In both the 2016 and 2017 seasons, the program made the Super Six and finished second at the 2016 and 2017 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championships. Also in 2017, LSU won back-to-back SEC Regular Season and SEC Championship Meet championships. In 2018, LSU again won back-to-back SEC Regular Season and SEC Championship Meet championships and reached the Super Six.
In 2019, LSU won the SEC Championship Meet in New Orleans and made an appearance in the first-ever Four on the Floor in NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championship. The team finished second overall for the third time in school history.
In 2022, LSU placed fifth at the SEC Championships with a score of 196.725 despite entering the competition with the No. 2 seed. No. 6 LSU placed third behind No. 11 Missouri and No. 22 Iowa in the first session of the semi-final of the Raleigh regional; this eliminated them from the postseason, leading to an 18th-place finish nationally.
Championships
Individual NCAA champions
Conference championships
SEC Regular Season champions (5): 1981, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018
SEC Championship Meet champions (4): 1981, 2017, 2018, 2019
NCAA Championship appearances
Super Six appearances
Four on the Floor appearances
Arena & facilities
Pete Maravich Assembly Center
The Pete Maravich Assembly Center is a 13,215-seat multi-purpose arena in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The arena opened in 1972 and is home of the LSU Tigers gymnastics team. It was originally known as the LSU Assembly Center, but was renamed in honor of Pete Maravich, a Tiger basketball legend, shortly after their death in 1988. The Maravich Center is known to locals as "The PMAC" or "The Palace that Pete Built," or by its more nationally known nickname, "The Deaf Dome," coined by Dick Vitale.
The slightly oval building is located directly to the north of Tiger Stadium, and its bright-white roof can be seen in many telecasts of that stadium. The arena concourse is divided into four quadrants: Pete Maravich Pass, The Walk of Champions, Heroes Hall and Midway of Memories. The quadrants highlight former LSU Tiger athletes, individual and team awards and memorabilia pertaining to the history of the LSU Tigers gymnastics team.
LSU Gymnastics Training Facility
The LSU Gymnastics Training Facility is the practice venue for the LSU Tigers gymnastics team. The new facility opened in 2016 and provides 38,000 square feet of training and team space.
LSU Strength and Conditioning facility
The LSU Tigers basketball strength training and conditioning facility is located in the LSU Strength and Conditioning facility. Built in 1997, it is located adjacent to Tiger Stadium. Measuring 10,000-square feet with a flat surface, it has 28 multi-purpose power stations, 36 assorted selectorized machines and 10 dumbbell stations along with a plyometric specific area, medicine balls, hurdles, plyometric boxes and assorted speed and agility equipment. It also features 2 treadmills, 4 stationary bikes, 2 elliptical cross trainers, a stepper and stepmill.
Head coaches
Roster
Coaching staff
Head Coach: Jay Clark
Assistant Coach: Ashleigh Gnat
Assistant Coach: Garrett Griffeth
Volunteer Coach: Courtney McCool Griffeth
Director of Operations: Katie Copeland
Past Olympians
Shanyn MacEachern (1996)
Sarah Finnegan (2012 alternate)
Ruby Harrold (2016)
See also
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers
Footnotes
References
External links
Sport clubs established in 1975
1975 establishments in Louisiana
Winibald (Winebald, Winnibald, Wunebald, Wynbald) (c. 702 - 18 December 761) was abbot of the Benedictine double monastery of Heidenheim am Hahnenkamm. Traditionally, they are called the brother of Willibald and Walpurga.
Life
Winibald's father was a West Saxon nobleman, Richard the Pilgrim and their mother was Wuna of Wessex. Willibald was their brother. With their father and brother they made a pilgrimage to Rome around the year 721. Their father died in Italy. In Rome, they fell ill, possibly with malaria, although Hygeburg says it was the Black Plague. Once recovered, Willibord continued to the Holy Land, while Winebald, who from their childhood did not have a strong constitution, remained at Rome, to recover and study. In 730, Winibald returned to England and engaged a third brother and several amongst their kindred and acquaintance to accompany them in their journey back to Rome to begin a monastic life there.
Around 737, Boniface visited Rome. By this time Willibald had returned from their travels, and had become a monk at Monte Cassino. Boniface recruited both nephews for the German mission. Willibald was ordained and based in Eichstätt. Boniface received a promise that Winnebald would go to Germany. Winibald arrived in Thuringia on 30 November, 740, and was ordained priest. They were placed in charge of seven churches, including one at Erfurt.
Winibald established a monastery in Schwanfeld, but in 742 transferred it to Heidenheim, where the brothers founded a double monastery for the training of priests and as a center of learning. Winibald became the first abbot.
Winibald took part in the Concilium Germanicum, in 742, and subscribed Pepin's donation to Fulda in 753. In 762, they joined the League of Attigny, a confraternity of prayer established by Chrodegang, Archbishop of Metz. All this the saint accomplished in spite of continual illness, which prevented them from ending their lives at Monte Cassino as they had hoped. Winibald died at Heidenheim on December 18, 761.
Veneration
Winebald's feast day is December 18. In art, they are portrayed as an abbot with a bricklayer's trowel.  They are a patron saint of construction workers. Adelbert of Heidenheim wrote a biography of them in the 12th century.
References
External links
Saints of December 18
8th-century Christian saints
761 deaths
West Saxon saints
Incorrupt saints
Year of birth unknown
Henry Bellows may refer to:
Henry Adams Bellows (justice) (1803–1873), American lawyer, politician, and Chief Justice of the New Hampshire Supreme Court
Henry Adams Bellows (business person) (1885–1939), American executive and translator
Henry Whitney Bellows (1814–1882), American clergyman
This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of Mongolia.
Mongolia is a landlocked country in East and Central Asia. It is bordered by Russia to the north and the People's Republic of China to the south, east and west. Ulaanbaatar is the capital and largest city.
First posts
The first stamps used in Mongolia were those of Russia from 1858 who operated a number of post offices in the country.
First Mongolian stamps
The first stamps of Mongolia were issued in August 1924 depicting the Vajra, a scepter that is a religious symbol in Buddhism.
The Mongolian People's Republic was proclaimed on November 26, 1924. A new constitution providing for a multi-party system was adopted in 1992.
See also
Postage stamps and postal history of Tannu Tuva
Mongol Post
References
External links
Stamps of Mongolia since 1945.
Communications in Mongolia
Mongolia
James Robert Scott Sr. (June 22, 1930 – October 11, 2020) was an American Negro league pitcher from 1946 to 1950.
A native of Macon, Georgia, Scott joined the New York Black Yankees as a 16-year-old in 1946, and played four seasons with the team through 1950. They were selected by the New York Mets in MLB's special 2008 Negro leagues draft, and was honored by the Atlanta Braves in a ceremony at Turner Field in 2016. Scott was inducted into the Macon Sports Hall of Fame in 2017, and died in Macon in 2020 at age 89.
References
External links
Robert Scott at Negro Leagues Baseball Museum
1930 births
2020 deaths
New York Black Yankees players
Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Sportspeople from Macon, Georgia
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
The Hejaz Corps or Hejaz Group of the Ottoman Empire (Turkish: Hicaz Kolordusu) was one of the corps of the Ottoman Army. It was formed during World War I.
Formations
Order of Battle, January, June 1918
In January, June 1918, the corps was structured as follows:
Hejaz Corps ('Asir)
58th Division
Provisional Infantry Divisions x 3
Sources
Corps of the Ottoman Empire
Military units and formations of the Ottoman Empire in World War I
Ottoman Arabia
1916 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Arab Revolt
is a private university in Suminoe-ku, Osaka, Japan, established in 2007.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2007
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Osaka
2007 establishments in Japan
Margarita Gasparyan and Lyudmyla Kichenok were the defending champions, however both players chose not to participate.
The top seeds, Jocelyn Rae and Anna Smith won the title, defeating wildcards Julie Coin and Mathilde Johansson in the final, 7–6(7–5), 7–6(7–2).
Seeds
Draw
References
Draw
Open GDF Suez Seine-et-Marne - Doubles
The Yellow Peril: Dr Fu Manchu & The Rise of Chinaphobia is a 2014 non-fiction book by the British educationalist and writer, Sir Christopher Frayling.
The book examines Western world's attitude towards Chinese people over several hundred years. It draws on a broad range of cultural references including fiction, film, theatre, music, television, comics and poetry; to describe the evolution of Sinophobia in the West and argues for its ongoing resilience today.
Notable reviews
Review by Julia Lovell in The Guardian, October 30, 2014
Review in the Financial Times, October 17, 2014
Review by Yo Zushi in the New Statesman, December 4, 2014
Review in The Irish Times, November 4, 2014
References
2014 non-fiction books
Hard Knox Roller Girls (HKRG) is a women's flat-track roller derby league based in Knoxville, Tennessee. Founded in 2006, HKRG is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).
History and structure
After forming in 2006, Hard Knox played in multiple venues before moving to the Knoxville Civic Coliseum. In 2016, HKRG relocated to the Cooper Athletic Center at Maryville College and celebrated their tenth anniversary season. HKRG is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that is skater owned and operated, and a portion of all proceeds from each bout is donated to charity. Hard Knox became a member of the WFTDA in early 2009.
The HKRG league comprises two teams: Hard Knox Roller Girls Allstars (WFTDA A team) and Brawlers (B team).
WFTDA competition
In 2010, Hard Knox qualified for WFTDA Playoffs for the first time, as the ninth seed at the WFTDA South Central Regional Tournament in Lincoln. Nebraska. Knoxville lost their first two games to No Coast Derby Girls (Lincoln) and Tampa Bay Derby Darlins, but then won their final game against Memphis Roller Derby 165–124 to claim ninth place.
Rankings
References
External links
HKRG Official Website
Roller derby leagues in Tennessee
Women's sports in the United States
Sports in Knoxville, Tennessee
Roller derby leagues established in 2006
2006 establishments in Tennessee
Women in Tennessee
Gâteau de Sirop is a syrup cake in Cajun cuisine. It is made with cane syrup.
See also
Basbousa
References
Cajun cuisine
American cakes
Christ Church is a Church of England church in Ware, Hertfordshire, England. The parish was formed out of the ancient parish in 1858 and covers the East and South sides of Ware. The building was consecrated in 1858 and is grade II listed.
References
Ware
Gothic Revival architecture in Hertfordshire
Ware
Buildings and structures in Ware, Hertfordshire
Santogold may refer to:
Santigold (born 1976), American singer formerly known as Santogold
Santogold (album), a 2008 album by Santigold
Santo Gold, a mail-order jewelry business operated by Santo Victor Rigatuso, the producer of Blood Circus (film)
The 1944 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 20th season in the Victorian Football League and 43rd overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
The VFL went back to an 18-round season after rejoined the competition due to the wartime travel restriction being relaxed.
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
is a private junior college in Komatsu, Ishikawa, Japan, established in 1988.
External links
Official website
References
Komatsu University
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1988
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ishikawa Prefecture
1988 establishments in Japan
Komatsu, Ishikawa
Jorge Benegas (born 10 April 1923) was an Argentine footballer. They played in five matches for the Argentina national football team in 1956 and 1957. They were also part of Argentina's squad for the 1957 South American Championship.
References
External links
1923 births
Possibly living people
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association football defenders
Independiente Rivadavia footballers
San Lorenzo de Almagro footballers
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Millonarios F.C. players
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
The Boston Bar Association (BBA) is a volunteer non-governmental organization in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. With headquarters located at 16 Beacon Street in the historic Chester Harding House, across from the Massachusetts State House on Beacon Hill, the BBA has 13,000 members drawn from private practice, corporations, government agencies, legal aid organizations, the courts and law schools.
The Association traces its origins to the pre-Revolutionary period. The elite of the Boston bar included Jeremiah Gridley, James Otis Jr., Benjamin Pratt, Benjamin Kent, and Oxenbridge Thacher. These elite British lawyers served as the role model for John Adams, the lawyer who provided pro bono representation to the British soldiers prosecuted for the Boston Massacre and went on to become the second president of the United States.
Governed by a Council of 30 members, the Boston Bar Association has 24 sections and more than 100 committees dedicated to substantive areas of law as well as issues such as access to justice and the administration of justice.
Public policy
The Association makes its policy positions known via the filing of amicus briefs, the drafting of legislation and official comments on proposed government actions. Recent public policy positions taken by the Boston Bar Association include:
March 2012: The Boston Bar Association Task Force on the Civil Right to Counsel released "The Importance of Representation in Eviction Cases and Homelessness Prevention which recommended pilot projects to learn more about the mechanisms for providing counsel, the effect of creating a right to counsel, the costs involved, and the potential cost savings to the Commonwealth.
October 2011: The association released the Report of the Boston Bar Association Task Force on the Future of the Profession in response to the 2008 recession and its effects on the legal market.
May 2011: The association released a report, Justice on the Road to Ruin, on the Massachusetts State Trial Court's state budget. The report states that continued inadequate court funding will inflict pain on real people.
March 2010: The association's Task Force on the FY 2011 Judiciary Budget released their report. The Report warns that further cuts to the Judiciary would have severe consequences for the administration of justice in the Commonwealth.
November 2006: The Boston Bar Association, with the New York City Bar Association, the Beverly Hills Bar Association, the Los Angeles County Bar Association and the Bar Association of San Francisco, filed an amicus brief in American Civil Liberties Union, Et Al. v. National Security Agency, et al., a case now pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. The brief urges the Court of Appeals in Cincinnati to affirm a lower court ruling that permanently enjoined the National Security Administration's warrantless surveillance program.
September 2005: The association was one of a number of organizations which signed on to an amicus brief in United States v. Darryl Green. In addition, the BBA drafted a petition to the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts urging the Court to revise its jury plan to remedy the under-representation of minorities in the federal jury pool.
June 2005: The association's President-Elect Edward P. Leibensperger testified before the Massachusetts Legislature's Joint Committee on the Judiciary, urging the defeat of all bills related to reinstating capital punishment in Massachusetts.
September 2002: The association filed an amicus brief in Goodridge v. Department of Public Health in support of gay marriage as a civil rights issue stating that discrimination against gays and lesbians is unacceptable and unconstitutional.
Periodicals
Four times a year (winter, spring, summer, fall) the Boston Bar Association publishes a magazine called the Boston Bar Journal. The Journal is an online publication managed by a volunteer Board of Editors that presents information, analysis, and opinions in articles written by attorneys, judges, and others interested in the development of the law. The Journal is free to all Association members, and available as well to paid subscribers.
The association also publishes BBA Week, a weekly e-newsletter that provides information on pro bono and public service opportunities, updates from law firms and the state and federal courts, previews of upcoming legal education programs and special events, and photo albums.
In addition, the association's Sections and Committees publish online newsletters.
Public service
The Boston Bar Association has established public service programs utilizing lawyer volunteers. Among these programs are:
The M. Ellen Carpenter Financial Literacy Program - co-sponsored by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for Massachusetts – designed to teach high school students about budgeting, making sound credit choices and avoiding bankruptcy.
The Boston Bar Association Summer Jobs Program – conducted in partnership with the Boston Public Schools, the Boston Youth Fund, and the Boston Private Industry Council, it places juniors and seniors from Boston's public high schools in paid summer internships at Boston law firms, corporate law departments, and law-related public agencies.
The Lawyer-for-the-Day Project at the Boston Housing Court – provides pro bono lawyers to assist unrepresented tenants and landlords on summary process day.
The Volunteer Lawyers Project of the Boston Bar Association – provides pro bono civil legal assistance to low-income clients.
Past presidents
Notable past presidents include:
John Adams (1761-1766) – second President of the United States
Ebenezer R. Hoar (1879) -- United States Attorney General, 1869-1870
William Gaston (1880-1881) - Governor of Massachusetts, 1875-1876
Moorfield Storey (1909-1913) – President of the American Bar Association; first President of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People
Robert W. Meserve (1963-1965) – President of the American Bar Association
John G. Brooks (1972-1974) - President of the National Legal Aid & Defender Association and a director of the Legal Services Corporation
John J. Curtin, Jr. (1979-1981) – President of the American Bar Association
Gene D. Dahmen (1987-1988) – first woman to serve as President of the Boston Bar Association
Rudolph F. Pierce (1989-1990) – first African American to serve as President of the Boston Bar Association
Hon. Sandra L. Lynch (1992-1993) – first woman to serve as chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit
Hon. Margaret H. Marshall (1991-1992) – first woman Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court
Joan A. Lukey (2000-2001) - first woman President of the American College of Trial Lawyers
References
External links
Boston Bar Association website
Boston Bar Association publications
BBA President James D. Smeallie biography at Holland & Knight
Massachusetts law
School accreditors
American municipal bar associations
Trade associations based in the United States
1761 establishments in Massachusetts
Cultural history of Boston
Derek Bouchard-Hall (born July 16, 1970) is a former US professional cyclist, whose career highlights include winning the gold medal in the team pursuit at the 1999 Pan American Games, winning the 2000 United States National Criterium Championships, and competing on the 2000 US Olympic team in Sydney, Australia. Since 2018, they have been the CEO of Assos of Switzerland.
Early life
Derek Albert Bouchard-Hall was born at the naval base in Port Hueneme, CA, where their naval officer father was based. They spent most of their childhood in Norton, MA, where they graduated as valedictorian from Norton High School in 1988. Though a successful runner in high school, a foot injury led Bouchard-Hall to pursue cycling at Princeton University. Bouchard-Hall graduated from Princeton in 1992, with a degree in Architectural Engineering, then moved to the West Coast to attend Stanford University.
Bouchard-Hall graduated from Stanford in 1994 with an MS in Structural Engineering and began their professional cycling career, signing with Team Shaklee. Shaklee teammates introduced Bouchard-Hall to track cycling, and they soon began to train with the US track cycling team. From 1996–2000, Bouchard-Hall divided their cycling calendar into training and competing for both their professional road cycling team and for the US National track cycling team.
Career
In 1998, Bouchard-Hall moved from Team Shaklee to the newly formed Mercury Cycling Team, where they competed both domestically and internationally. It was as a member of the Mercury team where Bouchard-Hall achieved their greatest road successes, winning the United States National Criterium Championships in 2000 and competing in Paris–Roubaix, Gent–Wevelgem, and Critérium International.
In 1999, Bouchard-Hall was a member of the gold medal winning team pursuit squad at the Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Canada.
In 2000, Bouchard-Hall achieved another career highlight when they were selected as a member of the US Olympic team, to compete in the track cycling team pursuit event, after winning the US National Championship in the team pursuit with Erin Hartwell, Mariano Friedick, and Tommy Mulkey. At the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Bouchard-Hall and the US team pursuit team finished in 10th place.
Bouchard-Hall continued to cycle for Mercury until the 2002 cycling season, when they announced their retirement at the age of 32 during the US Road Championships in Philadelphia, PA., in June. At the time, Mercury was ranked #1 in the NRC team standings.
Exterior and Common Iliac Endofibrosis
Toward the end of their cycling career, Bouchard-Hall began experiencing pain and loss of strength in their left leg when they were training. After months of various medical and physio examinations, and through their own extensive research, they sought the advice of a vascular surgeon at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN. Bouchard-Hall underwent surgery at Stanford University Medical Center to correct the problem in the winter of 2000, which ultimately led to their most successful year as a professional cyclist. In 2002, however, the pain and numbness in their leg returned, and, rather than risking a second highly invasive surgery, they retired.
Post-cycling career
From 2002–2004, Bouchard-Hall attended Harvard Business School, graduating with an MBA in 2004, and began working in management consulting, first in Boston and then, in 2006, for McKinsey and Company in London. In 2009–2010, they served as interim director of the US Small Business Administration's HUBZone program, in Washington, DC, before returning to London in the summer of 2010. In October 2011, Bouchard-Hall has been an executive with Wiggle Ltd, one of the world's largest internet retailers of cycling, running, and triathlon equipment. Bouchard-Hall succeeded Steve Johnson as President and CEO of USA Cycling in June 2015, which they departed in 2018 to become the CEO of Assos of Switzerland.
Personal
Bouchard-Hall is married with two children and resides in Ticino, Switzerland.
Results
Professional Cycling Resume
1994
1st in Prologue Tour de Toona, United States of America
1995
3rd in National Championship, Track, Points race, Elite, United States of America, USA
2nd in National Championship, Track, Elimination, Elite, United States of America, USA
2nd in National Championship, Track, Scratch, Elite, United States of America, USA
1996
1st in Prologue Norman, United States of America
1st in Stage 3 Wichita Falls Race, United States of America
5th in National Championship, Road, Criterium, Elite, United States of America, Downers Grove (Illinois), USA
1997
1st in Prologue Stage Race Norman, USA
1st in Stage 2 Merced, USA
3rd in Stage 1 Redlands Bicycle Classic, Highland (California), USA
1998
1st in Los Gatos, USA
2nd in Prologue Redlands Bicycle Classic, Highland (California), USA
3rd in Stage 1 Redlands Bicycle Classic, Highland (California), USA
1999
3rd in Downers Grove, USA
1st in Stage 4 Fitchburg Longsjo Classic, USA
1st in Merced, USA
1st in Prologue Tour of Willamette, USA
2nd in Stage 2 Merced, USA
1st in Pescadero, USA
2nd in National Championship, Road, Criterium, Elite, United States of America, Downers Grove (Illinois), USA
3rd in Stage 6 Trans Canada, Canada
2000
1st in Downers Grove, USA
2nd in Natchez, USA
1st in National Championship, Track, Team Pursuit, Elite, United States of America, USA (w/Erin Hartwell, Mariano Friedick, Tommy Mulkey)
1st in Santa Rosa, Criterium, USA
3rd in Milton, USA
1st in Pescadero, United States of America
2nd in Stage 4 Cascade Classic, Bend (Oregon), USA
3rd in Stage 6 Cascade Classic, Bend (Oregon), USA
2nd in Stage 1 Tour de Toona, USA
3rd in Stage 3 Tour de Toona, Hollidaysburg (Pennsylvania), USA
1st in National Championship, Road, Criterium, Elite, United States of America, Downers Grove (Illinois), USA
2001
1st in Extran Challenge, USA
1st in Stage 1 Valley of the Sun Stage Race, USA
2nd in Snelling, USA
1st in Tour of the Hilltowns, USA
1st in Attleboro, USA
1st in Stage 5 Wendys International Cycling Classic, USA
2nd in General Classification Wendy's International Cycling Classic, USA
1st in Concord, USA
1st in Bow, USA
2nd in National Championship, Road, Criterium, Elite, United States of America, USA
2002
1st in Cantua Creek, USA
3rd in Dinuba, Criterium, USA
References
1970 births
Living people
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the United States
American male cyclists
Harvard Business School alumni
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Stanford University School of Engineering alumni
Princeton University School of Architecture alumni
American track cyclists
Cyclists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Thongak Lairembi (), also known as Langol Lairemma (), is a primordial goddess in Meitei mythology and religion.  They are the divine female personification of the death. They guard the door of the entrance to the underworld, which is the land of the death, ruled by their consort, Thongalen.
Legend says they get departed from their husband when Thongalel was lost in the battle between the gods of the underworld and those of the upper world, in the hands of Salailen Sidaba. The winner asked the goddess, who is the wife of the loser, to be the gatekeeper of the entrance gate to the underworld, and for Thongalel, they gave them Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi, in return.
Etymology
The name "Thongak Lairembi" (/tʰóŋ.ŋak.pə. lai.rem.bi/) is made up of two Meitei language (Manipuri language) words, "Thongak" (ꯊꯣꯡꯉꯥꯛ, /tʰóŋ.ŋak./) and "Lairembi" (ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ, /lai.rem.bi/). "Thongak" (adjectival form of noun word "Thongngakpa", /tʰóŋ.ŋak.pə/) means doorkeeper or gatekeeper in Meitei language (Manipuri language). "Lairembi" (ꯂꯥꯢꯔꯦꯝꯕꯤ, /lai.rem.bi/) means goddess or a female divinity in Meitei language (Manipuri language).
Festival
Every year, the Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated in honor of goddess Thongak Lairembi ().
See also
Thongalel
Laikhurembi
Khamnung Kikoi Louonbi
References
External links
A Critical Study Of The Religious Philosophy
Maram Nagas, a Socio-cultural Study - Page 41 - Joseph Athickal · 1992
Human Exploitation and Biodiversity Conservation - Page 109 - David L. Hawksworth, Alan T. Bull · 2008
Frontline - Volume 11, Issues 16-20 - Page 32 - 1994
Arts deities
Arts goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Death deities
Death goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Justice deities
Justice goddesses
Leima
Life-death-rebirth deities
Life-death-rebirth goddesses
Liminal deities
Liminal goddesses
Love and lust deities
Love and lust goddesses
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature goddesses
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Savior deities
Savior goddesses
Time and fate deities
Time and fate goddesses
Underworld deities
Underworld goddesses
Howard Shultz Miller (February 27, 1879 – January 2, 1970) was an American politician. They served as a U.S. representative from Kansas.
Biography
Born in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, Miller moved with their family to Morrill, Kansas in 1882. They attended the public schools of Brown County, and Sabetha (Kansas) High School. They taught school from 1894 to 1899. Miller graduated from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln College of Law in 1900. They were admitted to the bar in 1901 and began law practice in Kansas. They engaged in agricultural pursuits and worked as a lawyer from 1901 to 1952.
Miller was elected as a Democrat to the Eighty-third Congress (January 3, 1953 – January 3, 1955). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1954 to the Eighty-fourth Congress and for election in 1956 to the Eighty-fifth Congress.  They are the only Democrat in history to represent Kansas' 1st congressional district.
Miller died on January 2, 1970, in Hiawatha, Kansas, and is interred at Morrill Cemetery, Morrill, Kansas.
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
govtrack.us
1879 births
1970 deaths
People from Somerset County, Pennsylvania
People from Brown County, Kansas
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Sandra L. Murray is Professor of Psychology at the University at Buffalo, State University of New York.  They are a social psychologist known for their work on close relationships and their trajectories over time. Murray received the American Psychological Association Award for Distinguished Scientific Early Career Contributions to Psychology (Area: Social Psychology) in 2003 for "distinguished and original contributions to an understanding of motivated social cognition in relationships." Other awards include the New Contribution Award from the International Society for the Study of Personal Relationships in 1998 and 2000, the Outstanding Early Career Award from the International Society for Self and Identity in 2000, the Career Trajectory Award from the Society of Experimental Social Psychology in 2012, the Mid-Career Distinguished Contribution Award from the International Association for Relationship Research in 2016, and the SUNY Chancellor's Award for Excellence in Scholarship and Creative Activities in 2020.
Murray received the Wegner Theoretical Innovation Award from the Society for Personality and Social Psychology in 2007 for collaborative work with John G. Holmes and Nancy Collins. Their theoretical paper titled Optimizing Assurance: The Risk Regulation System in Relationships provided a model of how people cope with the perceived risks of romantic relationships by balancing the need for intimacy and closeness with the need to minimize the risk of experiencing the pain of rejection. Murray's 1996 paper on the benefits of positive illusions in close relationships(with Holmes and Griffin as co-authors) received the Society of Experimental Social Psychology's Scientific Impact Award in 2021. The award honors highly influential contributions over the last 25 years. Murray and John Holmes are co-authors of the book Interdependent minds: The dynamics of close relationships, which is part of a book series on “Distinguished Contributions in Psychology” edited by Susan Fiske. This book introduces a motivation management model for understanding how romantic partners accommodate each other's needs for commitment, reciprocity, and responsiveness, and establish habitual ways of relating to one another. Murray and Holmes also authored the book Motivated cognition in relationships.
Biography
Murray attended graduate school at the University at Waterloo in Canada where they received their Ph.D. in Psychology and began their long-term collaboration with Holmes. They completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the Research Center for Group Dynamics at the University of Michigan where they collaborated with Richard Gonzalez. Murray subsequently joined the faculty of the Department of Psychology at University at Buffalo where they direct the Interpersonal Processes Laboratory.
Murray's research program has been supported by various agencies including the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada, the National Science Foundation, and the National Institute of Mental Health. Murray served as Associate Editor at the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology, Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, and Personality and Social Psychology Review.
Research
Murray examines motivated reasoning, i.e., emotion-biased decision-making, in close relationships. Much of their work has focused on issues pertaining to trust, commitment, satisfaction, and self-esteem in romantic relationships, and the thoughts, feelings, and behaviors of the individuals involved and its effect on their relationships.
Murray and their colleagues have explored whether having an idealized view of one's romantic partner contributes to relationship satisfaction or whether it might set people up for disappointment. In one of their studies, participants were asked to rate their own interpersonal attributes as well as their partners. Participants often tended to view their partners in a more favorable manner than their partners viewed themselves. The authors suggested that a certain degree of idealization in one's partner is almost crucial for dating and marital satisfaction. If people view their partners in a more positive way, this can help maintain their confidence in the relationships, even after they have exhibited some doubt.
Other research has examined how self-esteem may impact the quality of romantic relationships. In one study, couples completed various measures which assessed their sense of self worth and how they perceived their partner, their partner's love for them, and the quality of their relationship. The findings indicated cascading effects of negative self-esteem on relationship quality. Individuals who struggled with self-doubt carried their uncertainty into their relationships and underrated their partner's love; this led to less favorable views of the partner, less satisfaction with the relationship, and more pessimistic views of its future than warranted by their partner's thoughts and feelings. Individuals with low self-worth may find themselves in unsuccessful relationships because of their inability to believe that someone who is worth it will be able to love them, and their inability to be positive about their future together. Murray and their colleagues suggest that loving and supportive partners can reassure such individuals of their love and even fade their insecurities to establish a closer and more satisfying relationship.
Representative publications
Murray, S. L., Holmes, J. G., & Griffin, D. W. (1996). The benefits of positive illusions: Idealization and the construction of satisfaction in close relationships. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 70(1), 79-98.
Murray, S. L., Holmes, J. G., & Griffin, D. W. (2000). Self-esteem and the quest for felt security: how perceived regard regulates attachment processes. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 78(3), 478-498.
Murray, S. L., Holmes, J. G., Bellavia, G., Griffin, D. W., & Dolderman, D. (2002). Kindred spirits? The benefits of egocentrism in close relationships. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 82(4), 563-581.
Murray, S. L., Rose, P., Bellavia, G., Holmes, J. G., & Kusche, A. (2002). When rejection stings: How self-esteem constrains relationship-enhancement processes. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 83(3), 556-573.
References
External links
https://psychology.buffalo.edu/about-us/faculty/murray/
http://sandra.murray.socialpsychology.org/
American women psychologists
American psychologists
University at Buffalo faculty
University of Waterloo alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
Abram Leon Sachar (February 15, 1899 – July 24, 1993) was an American historian and founding president of Brandeis University.
Early life and education
They were born in New York City to Samuel Sachar, a Jewish immigrant from Lithuania, and Sarah Abramowitz, a native of Jerusalem. When they were 7 years old, their family moved to St. Louis, Missouri, where their grandfather served as a chief rabbi. They were briefly enlisted for service in World War I, and then attended Washington University in St. Louis, where they earned their B.A. and M.A. degrees in history. During their junior year, they studied languages at Harvard and graduated from Phi Beta Kappa in 1920. From 1920 to 1923 they studied at Emmanuel College, Cambridge University, England, where they received their doctorate in history for their thesis on the Victorian House of Lords.
History professorship
Upon their return to the United States, Sachar joined the faculty of the history department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, teaching modern European and English history. They remained at this position for the next 24 years.
In 1926 they married Thelma Horwitz, a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Washington University in St. Louis. They had three sons who rose to prominence in their respective professions: Howard M. Sachar, a distinguished American historian; Edward J. Sachar, a pioneering biological psychiatrist, and David B. Sachar, a gastroenterologist.
Sachar published their first book in 1927; this was followed by several other books in quick succession. They also lectured across the country from the 1920s to the 1990s, and appeared in a weekly educational television lecture show, The Course of Our Times; their analyses of problems in contemporary history were later published in the book of the same title. Sachar remained a working educator, historian, lecturer, and author until their death.
Hillel leader
They became a leader of the B'nai Brith Hillel Foundation, founded at the University of Illinois, serving as director of the Illinois sector from 1929 to 1933, national director of the Hillel Foundation from 1933 to 1947, and chairperson of the National Hillel Commission from 1948 to 1955, when they retired to become president of Brandeis University. During their tenure, they helped establish Hillel houses for Jewish students on the campuses of many American universities. They also served as president of the B'nai B'rith Youth Organization (BBYO) from 1945 to 1948.
Concurrently, they served as part-time religious leader of Sinai Temple, a Reform Jewish congregation in Champaign-Urbana.
During World War II, Sachar worked as a radio news analyst in Chicago and New York, commenting on contemporary affairs. They were also involved with attempts to aid Jewish refugees, organizing a program to bring refugee students to the United States.
University president
In 1948 trustees of the newly formed, Jewish-sponsored, nonsectarian Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts, asked Albert Einstein to be their first president. When they refused, their second choice was David Ben-Gurion, who also turned down the offer. Their third choice was Sachar, who had displayed their scholarly credentials and devotion to the Jewish people through previous leadership of the Hillel organization at the University of Illinois, and through their 1930 work, History of the Jews. During their 20-year tenure, Sachar's leadership and fund-raising skills were largely credited for building Brandeis into a major research institution. When they assumed office in 1948, Brandeis had 107 students and 13 faculty members; at the time of their death, it had 3,700 undergraduate and graduate students, and 360 full-time faculty members. Sachar personally raised $160 million for the expansion of the campus from a few buildings on a defunct medical-school campus to a complex of 90 buildings spread over 235 acres. Upon their retirement in 1968, they were named chancellor and then chancellor emeritus of Brandeis University, a title that allowed them to continue their fund-raising activities on behalf of the university. All told, they raised an estimated $250 million for Brandeis.
Honors
They were invited by President Lyndon B. Johnson to serve on the U.S. Advisory Commission on International Education and Cultural Affairs, among other state and national panels; they also served on the U.S. Holocaust Commission. They were also active in several educational and philanthropic boards. They were awarded honorary degrees from more than 30 American colleges and universities.
They died of respiratory failure at their home in Newton, Massachusetts, on 24 July 1993. Their wife of 67 years, Thelma, survived him; they died in 1997 and was interred beside them at a special plot, created at their request, near the Sachar International Institute at Brandeis University.
Works
A History of the Jews (1930; revised 1965)
Sufferance is the Badge: The Jew in the Contemporary World (1939)
The Course of Our Times (1972)
The Redemption of the Unwanted (1984)
Brandeis University: A Host at Last (1995)
References
Further reading
Diamond, Nancy, "The 'Host at Last': Abram Sachar and the Establishment of Brandeis University", Perspectives on the History of Higher Education 28 (2011), 223–52.
External links
"The Liberation of Dachau" (excerpt from The Redemption of the Unwanted by Dr. Abram L. Sachar
1899 births
1993 deaths
American people of Lithuanian-Jewish descent
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Jewish American historians
Presidents of Brandeis University
Harvard University alumni
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Alumni of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
20th-century American male writers
Anthony Barrile is an actor, musician, writer, and native New Yorker of Italian descent who has starred in many film and stage productions.  They are well known to New York City audiences for their memorable performance as 'Cousin Kevin', the twisted lout in the original Broadway production of the Tony Award winning 'The Who's Tommy', and can be heard on its original cast recording. They also appeared in the acclaimed Off-Broadway production of "End of the World Party", among their other New York stage credits.
 They are well known to cinema audiences for their role as 'Vinnie' in the 1985 horror film Friday the 13th: A New Beginning, and as 'Vincent 'Alphabet' Languilli', in the 1987 Vietnam War movie Hamburger Hill, as well as their favorite film appearance - 'Warren' in Kiss Me, Guido.
Mr. Barrile has made numerous guest appearances on television, including turns on Miami Vice, Law & Order, and Falcone.
 They are currently continuing work on a screenplay about life, love and theatre, with co-screenwriter Geoffrey Nauffts. That work has been presented in several readings in both New York and Los Angeles, to wide acclaim. It is to be produced by Red Hour Films, in association with Ted Hope's This is That Productions (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, In the Bedroom, 21 Grams)
Appeared in Paula Abdul's music video of "Rush Rush".
 They are originally from Brooklyn, New York and is the nephew of Leo Barrile.
 They are close friends with Ben Stiller and Bobby Cannavale.
Filmography
External links
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Agege is a suburb and local government area in the Ikeja Division of Lagos State, Nigeria.
Etymology
When the kolanut plantations in the Agege area started to flourish it attracted huge settlements. Agege experienced rapid development and became a powerful center of the kolanut trade. These settlements attracted different people of different backgrounds and interests such as laborers, and most of these were Hausa. Whenever the Yorubas needed labourers for jobs such as cutting of trees, they would engage the services of the Hausa people. Because of this work the immediate area where the Hausas lived was named ‘Ilu Awon Ageigi' which translates as ‘Town (Ilu) of the tree cutters'. The name Agege was thus formed out of the word Ageigi.
Geography
The boundary of Agege from the Northern part of Lagos stretches from Dopemu road through Anu-oluwapo street to olukosi down Fagbola through Osobu street to Orile road down to Old Agege Motor Road opposite Nitel. From the Southern part of Lagos it stretches from Ashade retail market to Akilo street.
From the Eastern part of Lagos it stretches from Oba ogunji road up to the by-pass to Agege Motor road by Nitel office. From the Western part of Lagos, the boundary of Agege stretches from Abeokuta express road from boundary with Ikeja Local government to Dopemu junction.
Economy
When Dasab Airlines existed, its Lagos office was in Agege.
History
The Agege Local Government was created in 1954 and was operative until 1967 after the first military takeover when it was merged with the Ikeja District council for a period of thirteen years. Agege was removed from the Ikeja Local Government in 1980 and remained so until 1983 when the Military took over power again and abolished the existing system of Local Government at the time . Again the Governance of Agege remained with Ikeja for another six (6) years. Subsequently, there have been three other local governments carved out from Agege Local Government. They are: Alimosho, Ifako Ijaye and Orile-Agege Local Government Areas.
The Executive Chairman of Agege Local Government area of Lagos State is Alhaji Ganiyu Kola Egunjobi.
People
The inhabitants of Agege Local Government are multi-ethnic although the Awori are the indigenous inhabitants. Some major communities making up the Agege Local Government are Ogba, Asade, Dopemu, Orile, Magbon, Oko-Oba, Atobaje, Gbogunleri, Isale Oja, Oke-Koto, Panada, Tabon-Tabon, Ajegunle, Sango, Keke, Papa uku/Olusanya, Oniwaya, Moricas, Iloro, Mangoro, Darocha, Onipetesi, Alfa Nla and Agbotikuyo. The inhabitants of Agege Local Government are essentially Yorubas with the presence of sparse population of non-Yoruba speaking people.
Agege Bread
The Agege bread is unsliced bread. It is bread in Agege. This unsliced bread became popular in Agege town a long time ago. The soft texture and long shelf life of this bread were loved and cherished by people. It had no name nor label. People began to refer to it as Agege Bread as its popularity grew. Agege bread is now one of Lagosians' favourite foods , being sold everywhere from breakfast tables to garages almost in all the streets of Lagos.
Traditional Rulers
In Agege / Orile Agege, the Chieftaincy Community has three recognized Obas and Six traditional members.
Events
On 3 June 2012, Dana Air Flight 992 crashed into residential buildings in Agege while attempting to land at Murtala Muhammed International Airport, killing all 153 people on board and 10 other people on the ground.
Education
It includes a campus of Lagos State University.
National Youth Service Corps Permanent Orientation Camp is located at Iyana-Ipaja Road, Agege.
Photo Gallery of Agege Community
Railway stations in Nigeria
References
External links
Agege Local Government
New School, NYC. Sustainable Cities Club blog post about Agege, Lagos
Slums in Nigeria
Neighborhoods of Lagos
Local Government Areas in Lagos State
Populated places in Lagos State
Local Government Areas in Yorubaland
The T-122 Sakarya is a Turkish multiple launch rocket system developed by ROKETSAN.
Overview
As part of the modernization drive undertaken by the Turkish Military in the 1980s and 90s several new rocket systems were developed for the needs of the Turkish army. Prototypes of the system were revealed in 1995 with the first vehicles undertaking trials and evaluation in 1996. Production commenced in 1997.
The system consists of two pods of 122-mm launch tubes which are hydraulically traversed and elevated. It is equipped with a state-of-the-art fire control system which calculates firing data automatically for rockets with different warheads and is capable of storing up to 20 target coordinates. The vehicle can fire rockets singly or in salvo, with a full forty rocket launch taking less than 80 seconds and blanketing a target area of 500 m × 500 m. In addition the later versions of the T-122 features an integral hydraulic crane which allows reloading of rockets pods within five minutes.
The rockets for the system were developed and manufactured by MKEK and ROKETSAN, though the T-122 can fire 122mm rockets from the BM-21 and associated systems. Indigenous rockets are available with HE-FRAG or cluster warheads which can contain either anti-personnel or anti-tank submunitions. Maximum range of fire with extended-range rockets is up to 40 km.
Variants
TR-122
TRB-122
TRG-122
First production models of the T-122 Sakarya launcher vehicle were based on the German MAN 26.281 heavy utility truck. An improved variant of the system was revealed in 2005 which is based on the MAN 26.372 truck which is also used as the launcher vehicle for the J-600T Yıldırım short-range ballistic missile. The improved system is fitted to use factory-sealed disposable rocket pods that are specifically designed to be maintenance free, resistant to handling and environmental conditions and allow rapid reloading. The updated system can also be fitted with armour and an NBC system.
Operators
Current operators
: >20
: >140
: 48
See also
WR-40 Langusta
RM-70 multiple rocket launcher
BM-21 Grad
RS-122
Type 81 (rocket launcher)
LAROM
Valkiri
Pinaka multi-barrel rocket launcher
M-77 Oganj
References
External links
Roketsan
T-122 Sakarya Multiple Launch Rocket System | Military-Today.com
Wheeled self-propelled rocket launchers
Self-propelled artillery of Turkey
Multiple rocket launchers
Roketsan products
Military vehicles introduced in the 1990s
Speed Niggs was a German indie rock band founded in Detmold in Nordrhein-Westfalen in 1989.
History
Their first album Boston Beigel Yeah! was released shortly after their foundation. It was featured as the record of the month in the German music magazine Spex. The music of this first album sounded rough, similar to demotape, and could be compared to rock acts such as the Jimi Hendrix Experience and songwriters such as Neil Young. At the end of 1989 the readers of Spex magazine elected the Speed Niggs as newcomer of the year.
One year later the second album Another Valley on the long Decline was released. In the tradition of the debut it started with the Neil Young Song Mr. Soul and went on with a guest appearance of Evan Dando of the Lemonheads as singer of Paint it sweet. Their song Toys in the Deep Freeze was put on the sampler Geräusche für die 90er with other influential German bands. In those days the band played many concerts throughout Germany.
The third album 667 – Right Between The Dicks was released in 1991 and had a very different sound. The old rough sound was replaced by conventional hard rock. After some recastings the band split up in 1992.
In 1995 two members of the Speed Niggs came back on stage as Sharon Stoned who were more or less a revival of the original band. In the same year the Speed Niggs' debut album Boston Beigel Yeah! was rereleased on CD. It contained extra tracks like AC/DC's She's got Balls and Neil Young's Lotta Love.
The Speed Niggs were the first German band with a sound similar to popular American guitar bands in those days, mainly bands from Boston such as The Lemonheads and Dinosaur Jr.
Discography
1989: Boston Beigel Yeah! (Beat all the Tambourines)
1990: Another Valley On The Long Decline (Historia)
1991: 667 - Right Between The Dicks (Beat Hotel)
1995: Boston Beigel Yeah! - CD-Rerelease (Langstrumpf Records)
As Sharon Stoned:
1995 License To Confuse (Snoop Records)
1996 Sample & Hold (Columbia)
External links
Indiepedia
MySpace-Page Speed Niggs
MySpace-Page Sharon Stoned
Speed Niggs Live-Video, 1990
References
German alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 1989
Detmold
is a train station in Ibara, Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
Ibara Railway
Ibara Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Ibara Railway
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
Salinas High School is a public 9–12 high school in Salinas, California, United States. It is the first of five primary high schools of the Salinas Union High School District. The school was moved to its current central Salinas location in 1920. The campus was rebuilt circa 1999. While most buildings were demolished and replaced, the original main wing and bell tower were retained and renovated. The current principal is Elizabeth Duethman, with assistants Hugo Mariscal, Ernesto Pacleb, Vivian Moises, and Anthony Morales. As of the 2019–2020 school year the school enrolled 2700 students. Its campus is situated in a rural and suburban setting. The Salinas Cowboys compete in the Monterey Bay League of the CIF Central Coast Section. The school colors are purple and gold.
Notable alumni
Ryan Jensen - pitcher for MLB's Chicago Cubs organization
Joe Kapp – quarterback, played in Canadian Football League (CFL) and in NFL with Minnesota Vikings and Boston Patriots; coached Cal football
Rick Law – Disney artist and producer
Van Partible – creator of Johnny Bravo
Gary Shipman – comic book artist and creator of Pakkins' Land
Brendon Small – founder of Dethklok
Evan Smith – center for NFL's Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Cristian Soratos – professional runner
Edward Soriano, retired United States Army Lieutenant General
John Steinbeck – iconic novelist, The Grapes of Wrath (1939) and East of Eden (1952) and novella Of Mice and Men (1937) (former class president)
Miles Teves – artist and conceptual designer on television productions, films, and computer games
References
High schools in Monterey County, California
Public high schools in California
Education in Salinas, California
Buildings and structures in Salinas, California
1882 establishments in California
Nathan Wetherell D.D. (1726–1808) was an academic administrator at the University of Oxford. They were Dean of Hereford, Master of University College, Oxford and Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University.
Nathan Wetherell was originally from Durham.
As Vice-Chancellor of Oxford, they set up the Oxford Paving Commission in 1771 to supervise paving, cleaning and lighting in the city of Oxford.
They supported anti-Calvinism, along with David Durell and Thomas Randolph.
Wetherell was a longtime friend of Samuel Johnson.
A memorial to Wetherell was erected in University College Chapel at Oxford University sculpted by John Flaxman.
Family
Wetherell was married to Richarda Croke (1743?–1812), sister of Sir Alexander Croke, of Studley Priory, Oxfordshire.
Their third son was the judge and Member of Parliament, Sir Charles Wetherell (1770–1846).
References
1726 births
1808 deaths
English theologians
Deans of Hereford
People from Durham, England
Masters of University College, Oxford
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford
"The Sunken Yacht" is a 10-page Disney comics story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks. Characters in the story include Donald Duck, their nephews Huey, Dewey and Louie, Uncle Scrooge, an artist, and a boxer. The story was first published in Walt Disney's Comics and Stories #104 (May 1949). The story has been reprinted several times since.
In 1964, Danish inventor Karl Kroyer salvaged a shipwreck by pumping expandable polystyrene foam balls into its hull. They were denied a patent for the process because it had already been described in the comic.
The story is about Donald's attempts to salvage Scrooge's sunken yacht for an exorbitant price. Donald raises the yacht by filling it with ping pong balls. Scrooge outwits their nephew at every turn however and Donald is the loser at the end of the story.
See also
List of Disney comics by Carl Barks
References
External links
"The Sunken Yacht" at Inducks
Disney comics stories
Donald Duck comics by Carl Barks
1949 in comics
Space Gremlin is a disk space analysis tool for Mac OS X.
Functionality
Space Gremlin is designed to find large and unnecessary files to delete on a hard drive. It uses a squarified treemap algorithm to display the relative sizes of files and folders. It allows the user to zoom in and out of folder structures and mask out parts of the file system by toggling hidden or 'Ignored' files. Along with showing selected files in Finder, it provides the ability to compress or delete files directly within the application. Space Gremlin can also scan network drives and Windows share folders.
History
Space Gremlin was created by Sean Christmann. One of the stated goals in developing the project was to provide features of the popular Windows program SpaceMonger for Mac OS X users. The application was released on February 7, 2011.
References
External links
Sean Christmann home page
Disk usage analysis software
Khadeeja is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by Kalaratnam. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Sheela and Sukumari in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Sathyan
Madhu
Sheela
Sukumari
Jayabharathi
Manavalan Joseph
Sebastian
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Baby Kumudam
Bahadoor
K. P. Ummer
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kamaladevi
Kottayam Chellappan
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Yusufali Kechery.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
Chu Văn An High School may refer to:
Chu Văn An High School (Hanoi)
Chu Văn An High School (Ho Chi Minh City)
Jack Thomas (born 25 April 1999) is a speedway rider from England.
Speedway career
Thomas rides in the top two tiers of British Speedway. In 2019 they rode for the champion Leicester Lions during the SGB Championship 2019.
In 2022, they will ride in the highest league for King's Lynn Stars during the SGB Premiership 2022. They also signed the Oxford Cheetahs for the SGB Championship 2022. The Cheetahs were returning to action after a 14-year absence from British Speedway.
References
Living people
1999 births
British speedway riders
Birmingham Brummies riders
Glasgow Tigers riders
King's Lynn Stars riders
Leicester Lions riders
Newcastle Diamonds riders
Oxford Cheetahs riders
Sportspeople from Norwich
Qian Shugen (; born 29 March 1939) is a general in the People's Liberation Army of China. They were an alternate member of the 13th and 14th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party and a member of the 15th and 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.
Biography
Qian was born in Wuxi County (now Wuxi), Jiangsu, on 29 March 1939. They enlisted in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in August 1954, and joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in October 1956. After graduating from Chongqing Artillery School in 1956, they were assigned to the Guangzhou Military Region. In 1979, they entered the PLA Military Academy, where they graduated in 1981. They were commander of the 47th Group Army in March 1985, and held that office until June 1990. It was in this post that they won fame for their heroic efforts at the . As a result of their distinguished service at that war, they were promoted to major general in September 1988. In November 1992, they were promoted to become the chief of staff of the Lanzhou Military Region, succeeding . They were promoted to assistant chief of the PLA General Staff Department in December 1994, and was promoted again to become deputy chief in July 1995.
They were promoted to the rank of major general (shaojiang) in September 1988, lieutenant general (zhongjiang) in July 1994, and general (shangjiang) in June 2000.
References
1939 births
Living people
People from Wuxi
Chiefs of Staff of the Lanzhou Military Region
People's Liberation Army generals from Jiangsu
People's Republic of China politicians from Jiangsu
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Jiangsu
Alternate members of the 13th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Alternate members of the 14th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 15th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Močila () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia. Until 2007, the area was part of the settlement of Anhovo. The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Močila at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2007 establishments in Slovenia
Clifford Marion "Cliff" Hodge (born February 3, 1988) is a Filipino-American basketball player for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). They were selected 4th overall by the Meralco Bolts in the 2012 PBA draft.
Professional career
Hodge applied for the 2012 PBA Draft, where they were taken by the Meralco Bolts. In their debut against the Talk N' Text Tropang Texters, they had 19 points, 8 rebounds, 3 assists and 1 steal in 44 minutes. Their first win came against the Alaska Aces, in which they scored 12 of their 20 points in the 3rd quarter. In their next game, they had 13 points, six rebounds, four assists, four blocks, and two steals as the Bolts claimed the win over Barangay Ginebra San Miguel. For those performances, they were named Player of the Week. They had 9 rebounds to go with 13 points in their rematch with the Aces. They finished the Philippine Cup with averages of 10.6 points, 7.4 rebounds and 1.1 blocks in 30 minutes of play. That season, they competed in the Slam Dunk Contest during the 2013 All-Star Weekend, losing to Chris Ellis. In the Governors' Cup, they had a career-high 24 points and 13 rebounds against Air21 Express. They were also in the running for Rookie of the Year, but lost to Calvin Abueva.
In 2014, Hodge competed in that year's Slam Dunk Contest, but had the lowest score among all contestants. At the end of Game Two of their Commissioner's Cup quarterfinal series against the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters, Hodge committed a close-fisted foul against Raymond Almazan. For that foul, opposing coach Yeng Guiao used a racial slur on him. The league fined Guiao P100,000 and Hodge P20,000 for their actions. The Bolts lost Game 3 and were eliminated.
In the 2016 Commissioner's Cup, Hodge had 25 points and 11 rebounds to prevent the Mahindra Enforcers from getting the win. In Game 4 of the Bolts' semifinals against TnT in the Governors' Cup, they had a career-high 32 points in 46 minutes, shooting 12-of-19 from the field. Along with their 4 rebounds, they also hit a three that guaranteed Meralco its first trip to the Finals. In the Finals, they lost to Ginebra in six games.
During the 2016-17 Philippine Cup, Hodge was penalized P20,000 after the flagrant foul they committed against Alex Cabagnot in the Bolts' match against the Beermen. They had 16 boards and 17 points against Rain or Shine to keep Meralco's playoff hopes alive. The Bolts missed out on the playoffs, winning only three times the entire conference. They were sidelined for three games during the Commissioner's Cup with a calf injury. In the Governors' Cup, they were injured with a severe ankle sprain, forcing them to miss several games. In their second game following the injury, they had 15 points on 6-of-9 shooting and 7 boards in almost 34 minutes of play against the Star Hotshots. They lost once again in the Finals to Ginebra.
Hodge missed some games during the 2017-18 Philippine Cup due to bone spurs, but returned in a win against the Kia Picanto despite needing two more weeks of rest. They left their game against the Phoenix Fuel Masters due to a knee injury. The injury was later revealed to be a MCL sprain, forcing them to miss the rest of the conference. In the Governors' Cup, they suffered a herniated disc.
During the 2021 Philippine Cup, Hodge, along with teammate Chris Newsome, was placed into the league's health and safety protocols, forcing them to miss two games.
Personal life
Hodge was born and raised Pensacola, Florida. Their father is American while their mother is Filipino. Their brother Christopher is diagnosed with Down syndrome.  They are married to Beatrice Yao.
Hodge is an animal lover. Together with their family, they own Bark Central, an indoor dog park and cafe.
PBA career statistics
As of the end of 2021 season
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 47 || 26.8 || .403 || .243 || .552 || 6.4 || 1.0 || .8 || .8 || 9.7
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 30 || 31.3 || .401 || .294 || .627 || 7.3 || 1.4 || .9 || .9 || 10.7
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 40 || 34.0 || .425 || .211 || .492 || 8.1 || 1.9 || .9 || 1.4 || 9.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 51 || 33.9 || .414 || .311 || .582 || 7.6 || 2.0 || .6 || .8 || 11.5
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 43 || 30.6 || .443 || .281 || .518 || 6.5 || 2.2 || .7 || .8 || 8.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 31 || 27.3 || .500 || .208 || .510 || 5.4 || 1.8 || .7 || .5 || 6.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 39 || 25.4 || .402 || .100 || .553 || 5.7 || 1.8 || .7 || .4 || 5.3
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 18 || 33.1 || .605 || .000 || .571 || 6.2 || 2.2 || .7 || .8 || 9.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Meralco
| 40 || 28.1 || .562 || .286 || .537 || 6.2 || 1.7 || .9 || .8 || 6.3
|-class=sortbottom
| align=center colspan=2 | Career
| 339 || 30.0 || .438 || .264 || .553 || 6.7 || 1.7 || .8 || .8 || 8.7
References
1988 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Florida
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Meralco Bolts players
Philippines men's national basketball team players
Filipino men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Reedley College alumni
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Pensacola, Florida
Hawaii Pacific Sharks men's basketball players
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Meralco Bolts draft picks
American sportspeople of Filipino descent
Citizens of the Philippines through descent
Ruleville Depot is a historic railroad depot on the east side of railroad tracks at the junction of East Floyce Street and North Front Street in Ruleville, Mississippi. It was constructed in 1930 by the Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad following its purchase by the Illinois Central Railroad. Railway service to Ruleville began in 1897, when the Yazoo Delta Railroad built a line to the city; the original 1897 depot was replaced in 1913 after a tornado hit it, and the 1913 building was in turn replaced by the 1930 building. The station received both passenger and freight service, with two passenger trains and multiple freight trains serving the station each day. Passenger service to the station ended in the 1950s, and the station closed entirely in 1978. It is currently owned by the Ruleville Chamber of Commerce.
The station was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 15, 1999.
References
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1930
National Register of Historic Places in Sunflower County, Mississippi
Railway stations closed in 1978
Transportation in Sunflower County, Mississippi
Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad
Former Illinois Central Railroad stations
Former railway stations in Mississippi
Immunopaedia is a non-profit educational website based in South Africa that provides information about basic and clinical immunology and summaries of scientific research in these fields. It was founded by South African HIV researcher Clive Gray to help clinicians in South Africa better address the high incidence of HIV/AIDS in the country and developed with funds from an Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation International Leadership Award. It won the American Association for the Advancement of Science's "Science Prize for Online Resources in Education " award in 2010. Immunopaedia is the official provider of online pre-course material for the International Union of Immunological Societies (IUIS) immunology courses.
References
External links
Health websites
Internet properties established in 2005
Antonio Campos (born March 8, 1973) is an American musician.  They are the current bassist for industrial metal bands Static-X and Fear Factory and the vocalist and bassist for Asesino.  They are a former bassist for metal bands Prong, Soulfly, Ministry and Possessed.
Career
Campos was part of the original Static-X lineup, playing bass and performing backing vocals on all of the group's studio albums. Along with Wayne Static, they were one of the legal owners of the Static-X name, even though they did not participate in the band's temporary reunion from 2012–2013.
In 2001, Campos broke their collarbone in a motorcycle accident, leaving them unable to play in the ongoing "Extreme Steel Tour". Campos continued to sing backing vocals on the tour, and Marty O'Brien took over bass duties.
In 2002, Campos became part of Mexican American metal group Asesino. Their stage name, "Maldito X", is Spanish for "Damned X". In the same year, they played bass with the Colombian band Agony during the Rock al Parque.
Campos has played bass for Ministry in four stints (2007–2008, 2011–2012, 2014–2016, 2017–2019), following the death of Paul Raven. They have joined Ministry again for their US tour with Death Grips in Autumn 2017.
From 2011-2012, they were a member of death metal band Possessed. They also played with Possessed in 2013 at The Oakland Metro.
They also joined Soulfly in 2011 as their bassist.
In May 2015, Campos announced their departure from Soulfly, and that they would be joining Fear Factory as their bassist.
On October 23, 2018, Campos announced that they and the other two surviving original members – guitarist Koichi Fukuda and drummer Ken Jay – had reformed Static-X, who were planning to release a new album and tour in 2019 in memory of Wayne Static.
Band history
Influences
Campos has cited Blasko, Cliff Burton, Dan Lilker, Jeff Hanneman, and Kerry King as influences.
Equipment
Zon Legacy 5-string with EMG MM5CS pickups
Neal Moser Custom Shop Scimitar (P-bass style) 4-string with EMG-P pickup, tuned BbFBbEb
Fernandes Tremor 5-strings with EMG-40DC pickups, tuned BbFBbEbAb.
SWR SM-900 head, SWR Goliath Senior 6x10 cab.
Tech 21 SansAmp PSA-1 preamp, Dunlop 105Q Bass Wah, Line 6 Bass POD
Fernandes five-string signature Tremor bass guitars with EMG-40HZ and MM5CS pickups.
Campos tunes to ADGCF when playing in Asesino. With Static-X, they played with several tunings: CFBbEbG and BbFBbEbAb during Shadow Zone and forward.
Personal life
Campos majored in computer science before becoming a musician. He's an avid video gamer and considers the Doom and Halo series as their all-time favorites.
Discography
Static-X
Wisconsin Death Trip (1999)
Machine (2001)
Shadow Zone (2003)
Start a War (2005)
Cannibal (2007)
Cult of Static (2009)
Project: Regeneration Vol. 1 (2020)
Asesino
Corridos de Muerte (2002)
Cristo Satánico (2006)
Buck Satan and the 666 Shooters
Bikers Welcome Ladies Drink Free (2011)
Ministry
Relapse (2012)
From Beer to Eternity (2013)
AmeriKKKant (2018)
Soulfly
Enslaved (2012)
Savages (2013)
Archangel (2015)
Prong
Carved into Stone (2012)
Attika 7
Blood of My Enemies (2012)
As guest member
References
Living people
American heavy metal bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
American heavy metal singers
American industrial musicians
1973 births
Alternative metal bass guitarists
American musicians of Mexican descent
Hispanic and Latino American musicians
Asesino members
Cavalera Conspiracy members
Fear Factory members
Ministry (band) members
Prong (band) members
Soulfly members
Possessed (band) members
Static-X members
21st-century American singers
21st-century American bass guitarists
21st-century American male singers
Industrial metal musicians
Kotlovina is a 2011 Croatian drama film written and directed by Tomislav Radić.
Cast
Mirela Brekalo as Ana
Igor Kovač as Jakov
Suzana Nikolić as Seka
as Mirko
Boris Buzančić as Dida
as Lucija
Goran Navojec as Damir
as Krešo
Melita Jurišić as Mimi
References
External links
2011 films
2011 drama films
2010s Croatian-language films
Croatian drama films
The 1985 UCLA Bruins men's soccer team represented the University of California, Los Angeles during the 1985 NCAA Division I men's soccer season.
The Bruins won their first ever NCAA championship this year, defeating American, 1–0 after 8 overtime periods. Andy Burke scored the match-winning goal for UCLA in the 167th minute, which to date, is the longest-ever NCAA soccer game.
Review
The 1985 team is best known as being the first UCLA soccer team to win the NCAA title, winning 1–0 over American University at the now-demolished Kingdome, in Seattle on December 14, 1985. The season saw the Bruins only lose one match the entire season, a 2–1 decision against the Fresno State Bulldogs in Northridge, California on September 25. During the 1985 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament, the Bruins only conceded one goal, in the semifinals at Evansville on a penalty kick by Chris Machold. The win against Evansville, sent the Bruins to their first NCAA championship match since 1973, ending a 12-year drought in terms of appearances.
The championship match, clocking in at 166 minutes and five seconds, is, by far, the longest NCAA Division I Men's Championship Game match in history. The match involved a record-breaking eight overtimes (this was prior to the penalty kick shoot-out rule that was subsequently implemented). At the time, overtime consisted of five-minute sudden death overtime periods. This caused broken run-of-play. In the 167th minute, Andy Burke, who had hardly played much of the season, came on to the pitch to score the match-winning goal against American, locking UCLA with their first ever NCAA championship. Burke made themselves open to receive a through pass from Krumpe and scored on a far-post shot from 13 yards out. The goal was their first ever as a Bruin.
Schmid said on the game: "Andy hadn't played much that year. Before the game, their dad had read an article in the Wall Street Journal that talked about how the last guy, the most unexpected person, is the one who makes the biggest contribution sometimes. They had relayed that message to Andy the day before, and the next day Andy went out and made the biggest contribution. Anytime you win a championship, it obviously takes a special place. This one ranks right up there with all of the other championships. The first one is always a little special, though, because it's the first one. As a player, I played in three Final Fours but never won it, so it was especially satisfying to win it the first time as a coach."
Schedule
|-
!colspan=6 style=""| Regular season
|-
|-
!colspan=6 style=""| NCAA Tournament
|-
|-
|}
References
External links
UCLA Men's Soccer
Ucla Bruins
UCLA Bruins men's soccer seasons
Ucla Bruins, Soccer
Ucla Bruins
Ucla Bruins
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament-winning seasons
If You Want It, Chile Changes (Spanish: Si tú quieres, Chile cambia) was a Chilean electoral coalition that brought together a group of Chilean opposition parties (centre to centre-left) to the Chilean presidential, parliamentary and regional advisors elections in 2013. It supported the presidential candidacy of Marco Enríquez-Ominami, who lost the election.
Composition
The coalition consisted of two political parties and other minor political movements.
References
External links
Presidential campaign of Marco Enríquez-Ominami
Progressive Party
Liberal Party
Political parties established in 2013
Political parties disestablished in 2013
Defunct political party alliances in Chile
The 1875–76 Scottish Cup – officially the Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup – was the third season of Scotland's most prestigious football knockout competition. The number of entrants nearly doubled from the previous season with 49 teams included in the first round draw. The competition began on 2 October 1875 and concluded with the final replay on 18 March 1876. This was the first season that teams would only change ends at half time, the tradition of changing ends after a goal had been scored came to an end. The cup was won for the third time by Queen's Park who defeated fellow Glasgow club 3rd Lanark RV 2–0 in the replayed final.
Format
As with the previous competitions, the third edition of the Scottish Cup took on the format of a traditional knockout tournament. For the earlier rounds, the names of competing teams were placed into lots according to their districts and drawn into pairs. The home team for each tie was determined by the toss of a coin unless it was mutually agreed or only one of the two clubs drawn against one another had a private ground. In the event of a draw, the team who lost the toss would have the choice of ground for the replay. A similar procedure was used for subsequent rounds however, any club which had received a bye in the previous round would first be drawn against one of the winners of the previous round. The names of winning teams were placed into one lot for later rounds. The choice of venue for the final matches was reserved to the Scottish Football Association.
Calendar
The exact dates of some matches are unknown as newspaper coverage of football in the late 19th century was not as comprehensive as it would become.
Six teams qualified for the second round after drawing their first round replays
Teams
All 49 teams entered the competition in the first round.
First round
Edinburgh Thistle received a bye to the second round. Kilmarnock's 8–0 win over Ayr Eglinton set a new record for both the highest scoring game and the biggest win in the competition.
Matches
Replays
Notes
Sources:
Second round
Matches
Replays
Notes
Sources:
Third round
Matches
Notes
Sources:
Quarter-finals
Dumbarton received a bye to the semi-finals.
Matches
Sources:
Semi-finals
Matches
Replay
Second replay
Sources:
Final
Replay
See also
1875–76 in Scottish football
References
1875-76
Cup
Scot
The Treaty of Naples of 11 January 1814 was a treaty that was signed between the Kingdom of Naples and Austrian Empire.
After the disastrous Battle of Leipzig, Napoleon was losing the war, so the Neapolitan king Joachim Murat decided to defect to the Coalition to avoid defeat. Murat promised to send 30,000 troops to the help the Austrians against the Kingdom of Italy, in exchange for keeping the Neapolitan throne.
However, the main Coalition members during the Congress of Vienna wanted Ferdinand IV of Naples and Sicily back, so Murat, hearing the news that Napoleon returned to France, declared war on Austria, starting the Neapolitan War. The war ended with the disastrous Battle of Tolentino and an Austrian victory. The two sides signed the Treaty of Casalanza and Murat was executed.
References
Napoleonic Wars treaties
1814 in the Austrian Empire
Treaties of the Austrian Empire
Treaties of the Kingdom of Naples
1814 treaties
Kingdom of Naples (Napoleonic)
Stathi Katsidis (19 February 1979 – 19 October 2010) was an Australian jockey.
Death
Katsidis was found dead at their Brisbane home a fortnight before they were due to ride in the Melbourne Cup. A coroner's report showed that the Champion jockey had a cocktail of drugs and alcohol in their system when they were found dead.
References
1979 births
2010 deaths
Australian jockeys
Australian people of Greek descent
20th-century Australian people
Mary Wood may refer to:
Mary Ramsey Wood (died 1908), American pioneer
Mary Elizabeth Wood (1861–1931), American librarian and missionary
Mary Wood (baseball), AAGPBL player
Mary Antonia Wood (born 1959), American painter and sculptor
Mary Christina Wood, professor of law and author
Mary Evelyn Wood (1900–1978), politician and nurse in the Cayman Islands
Mary Knight Wood (1857–1944), American pianist, music educator and composer
Mary Myfanwy Wood (1882–1967), British missionary in China
See also
Mary Woods (disambiguation)
Wood (surname)
Admiral Sir Richard Webb (20 July 1870 – 20 January 1950) was a British Royal Navy officer.
Early life and career
Webb was born in Holt, Norfolk, England. They joined the Royal Navy as a Naval Cadet in July 1883. As a Midshipman, they served in the battleship HMS Alexandra, alongside Midshipman David Beatty and several other future admirals, and then the corvette HMS Carysfort, both in the Mediterranean. They were commissioned Sub-Lieutenant in December 1889 and promoted lieutenant in December 1891.
In September 1893 they qualified as a gunnery officer and then served as a gunnery officer in the battleships HMS Magnificent with the Channel Fleet and HMS Ramillies in the Mediterranean. On 1 January 1902 they were promoted commander, and in June that year joined the cruiser HMS Ariadne, flagship of the North America and West Indies Station. In July 1905 they transferred to their successor, HMS Royal Arthur and in May 1906 to their successor, HMS Euryalus.
Command
In January 1907, Webb was promoted captain and joined the staff of the Royal Naval War College in Portsmouth. In January 1909 they were given command of the light cruiser HMS Amethyst on the North America station. In 1911 they returned to the War College as flag captain to Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Jackson. In 1913 they briefly commanded the battleship HMS Illustrious, flagship of the 7th Battle Squadron. In August 1913 they were posted to the Admiralty in London and on the outbreak of the First World War in 1914 they were appointed Director of the Trade Division of the Naval Staff. In this capacity they were responsible for liaison with the Merchant Marine, the naval blockade of Germany, and the control of neutral shipping. For their services they were appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 1915 New Year Honours.
In October 1917, Webb took command of the battlecruiser HMS New Zealand with the Grand Fleet. In September 1918 they were promoted Rear-Admiral and was appointed Assistant High Commissioner at Constantinople. For their services in Turkey they were appointed Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the 1920 New Year Honours. In September 1920 they were posted to the Mediterranean Fleet as Rear-Admiral 4th Battle Squadron and Second-in-Command of the Fleet. They served in the Mediterranean until 1922.
In June 1924 they were promoted vice-admiral. They headed the Naval Mission to Greece from November 1924 to May 1925, and in February 1926 they were appointed president of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich and flag officer commanding the War College. They were promoted admiral in January 1928 and retired the following year.
Honours
Webb was also appointed Order of the Rising Sun 3rd Class in 1917, Commander of the Order of the Crown of Italy in 1918 and Grand Commander of the Greek Order of the Redeemer and Commandeur of the French Légion d'honneur in 1919. They were a naval aide-de-camp to the King from May 1917 to September 1918.
Footnotes
Sources
Obituary, The Times, 21 January 1950
1870 births
1950 deaths
Military personnel from Norfolk
Royal Navy admirals
People from Holt, Norfolk
Royal Navy admirals of World War I
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Admiral presidents of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich
Presque Isle International Airport , formally Northern Maine Regional Airport at Presque Isle, is a mile northwest of Presque Isle, in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. It serves the residents of Presque Isle and a vast area of northern Maine and northwestern New Brunswick. Airline flights to Newark Liberty International Airport are subsidized by the federal government's Essential Air Service program at a cost of $3,892,174 (per year).
Federal Aviation Administration records say the airport had 13,385 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 13,513 in 2009 and 15,052 in 2010. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a primary commercial service airport (more than 10,000 enplanements per year).
The airport has the third longest active runway in Maine at 7439' (behind Bangor International Airport, 11,440' and Brunswick Executive Airport, formerly Naval Air Station Brunswick runway 1R/19L, 8000'), and fifth longest overall (after the Loring Commerce Centre, formerly Loring Air Force Base (runway closed), 12,100', and Brunswick Executive Airport 1L/19R (runway closed), 8000'). It was once hub to Aroostook Airways, a commuter airline in the 1970s, with service to several cities throughout New England.
History
World War II
During World War II the federal government appropriated the airport, establishing an air base for planes bound to and from Great Britain. Lane Construction of Hampden was one of the contractors who worked on upgrading the airport for the military. Almost overnight, Presque Isle Army Airfield became a vital air transport installation and the city found itself a busy war center. During the Second World War, Clark Gable was briefly stationed at Presque Isle before being sent to England. Operations during this period were described by Ernest K. Gann, based on their personal experiences in the Air Transport Command, in their book, Fate Is the Hunter.
Post war
When the United States Air Force closed Presque Isle Air Force Base in 1961, the former Air Force Base was redeveloped. Presque Isle is home the University of Maine at Presque Isle, as well as the Northern Maine Community College. Scheduled commercial air service is available through Northern Maine Regional Airport in Presque Isle. General aviation services are available through both Northern Maine Regional Airport and Caribou Municipal Airport.
In addition, the Skyway Industrial Park sits adjacent to Northern Maine Regional Airport which offers commercial airline as well as general aviation services to the entire region. FedEx and United Parcel Service augment park accessibility by air to and from major markets.
Skyway Industrial Park, owned by the city of Presque Isle and administered by the Presque Isle Industrial Council, has been attractive to a variety of new businesses. To date, over 40 companies have located on the park. The park consists of , of which 175 is prime industrial land served by all utilities, streets, subdivided and available for further development. Located adjacent to the airport and within of downtown, the park has become a dominant feature in the local and regional economy.
Facilities
The airport covers 1,489 acres (603 ha) at an elevation of 534 feet (163 m). It has two asphalt runways: 1/19 is 7,439 by 150 feet (2,267 x 46 m) and 10/28 is 5,994 by 100 feet (1,827 x 30 m).
In the year ending July 31, 2015 the airport had 5,750 aircraft operations, an average of 16 per day: 30% general aviation, 31% airline, 38% air taxi, and 1% military. In June 2018, there were 24 aircraft based at the airport: 20 single-engine, 4 multi-engine, and 1 jet.
Aircraft servicing Presque Isle include Cessna 208 Caravans and Beechcraft C99s operated by Wiggins Airways. Passenger service is offered with CommutAir, which operates Embraer ERJ family aircraft for United Express.
Airline and destination
Passenger
Cargo
Statistics
Carrier shares
Top destinations
Incidents
On March 4, 2019 at 11:30 AM, United Express Flight 4933, operated by CommutAir, arriving from Newark Liberty International Airport slid off the runway, injuring five people and damaging the aircraft. As a result, the aircraft was written off. The NTSB dispatched a team to investigate the incident.
References
Other sources
Essential Air Service documents (Docket DOT-OST-2000-8012) from the U.S. Department of Transportation:
Order 2004-10-16 (October 25, 2004): re-selecting Colgan Air, Inc., to provide subsidized Essential Air Service (EAS) at Presque Isle/Houlton, Augusta/Waterville, Bar Harbor and Rockland, Maine, for a two-year period at a combined annual subsidy rate of $4,312,849.
Order 2006-8-24 (August 25, 2006): re-selecting Colgan Air, Inc., operating as US Airways Express, to provide subsidized essential air service (EAS) at Presque Isle/Houlton, Augusta/Waterville, Bar Harbor, and Rockland, Maine, at a total annual subsidy rate of $4,774,068 ($3,572,592 for Augusta/Waterville, Bar Harbor, and Rockland; $1,201,476 for Presque Isle/Houlton), for the two-year period of November 1, 2006, through October 31, 2008.
Order 2008-5-23 (May 19, 2008): re-selecting Colgan Air, Inc., operating as US Airways Express, to provide subsidized essential air service (EAS) at Presque Isle/Houlton, Maine, at an annual subsidy rate of $2,643,588, for the two-year period of May 15, 2008, through May 31, 2010.
Order 2010-6-5 (June 2, 2010): selecting Colgan Air Inc., operating as US Airways Express, to provide essential air service (EAS) at Presque Isle, Maine, for an annual subsidy of $2,812,853 for the two-year period from June 1, 2010 to May 31, 2012.
Order 2012-3-2 (March 2, 2012): selecting PenAir to provide EAS at Presque Isle and Plattsburgh using 34-passenger Saab 340 aircraft. At Presque Isle, PenAir will provide 19 weekly round trips for an annual subsidy rate of $4,341,967 for the first 6 months after full EAS commences and an annual subsidy rate of $3,892,174 for the 18 months thereafter.
External links
, official site
Aerial image as of May 1996 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Aroostook County, Maine
Essential Air Service
Buildings and structures in Presque Isle, Maine
Bugs is a British television drama series that ran for four seasons from 1 April 1995 to 28 August 1999. The programme, a mixture of action/adventure and science fiction, involved a team of independent crime-fighting technology experts, who faced a variety of threats involving computers and other modern technology. It was originally broadcast on Saturday evenings on BBC One, and was produced for the BBC by the independent production company Carnival Films. In July 2014, London Live, a local digital terrestrial station in London, began airing a complete rerun from Series 1.
All 4 series (40 episodes) are available to stream in the UK on Britbox.
Overview
The series was devised by Carnival boss Brian Eastman and producer Stuart Doughty with input from veteran writer-producer Brian Clemens, who had previously worked on The Avengers. Clemens described Bugs as "an avenger for the 1990s". Other notable series writers included Colin Brake and Stephen Gallagher. Two episodes ("Bugged Wheat" and "Hollow Man"), were written by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, who went on to create the series Smallville. The theme tune was written by Gavin Greenaway.
The programme was a mixture of action/adventure and science fiction, with a reliance on fast-paced plots, technical gadgetry, stunts and explosions. Much of the programme's filming took place around the London Docklands area, which had recently been redeveloped with projects such as Canary Wharf. This was intended to give a modern, and perhaps even slightly futuristic, feel to locations of the episodes. The production was originally based at two warehouses of Blackwall Basin, on the Isle of Dogs in London. After the IRA bombing of the South Quay Plaza, the crew had to travel further to find intact buildings for exterior locations.
The plot of the programme involved a team of specialist independent crime-fighting technology experts, who faced a variety of threats involving computers and other modern technology. The main trio of regulars is Nick Beckett (Jesse Birdsall), Ros Henderson (Jaye Griffiths) and Ed (Craig McLachlan in series one to three, Steven Houghton in series four). Initially an independent team, they began working alongside the government agency 'Bureau of Weapons Technology' in series two and from series three, with the original Bureau decimated, they came under the authority of the newly created Bureau 2, whose head was codenamed Jan (Jan Harvey) (her real first name was revealed to be Barbara, but their surname was never given) and their secretary, Alex Jordan (Paula Hunt). The series evolved, as a result, from a series of relatively unconnected one-off episodes to an overarching 'soap opera' complete with office romances. There has been controversy over Ed's surname - because they were never called anything other than "Ed", some people have taken their surname to be Russell, simply because they were addressed as "Dr Russell" in one episode. However, that was more likely a pseudonym, as both Ros and Beckett used plenty of false names throughout the series.
The programme came close to cancellation at the conclusion of its third series, but due to an exciting cliffhanger ending deliberately included by the production team, and strong foreign sales, a fourth was commissioned. The final series suffered from being moved to an earlier timeslot on Saturday evenings, and for only having the first eight of its produced ten episodes scheduled for broadcast. Coupled with the Omagh Bombing forcing the BBC to postpone the series for a week, this meant that the concluding three episodes would not be broadcast until a year later. Another attempt to save the show by giving the series a cliffhanger ending was not successful, and the ending of the final episode — where Alex has just married boyfriend Adam, only to have them killed at the wedding and Ros and Beckett are abducted by an attacker unseen by the audience but recognised by Beckett — was never resolved.
The series has something of a minor cult following in the UK. Overall 40 episodes were produced, ten in each of the four series. Virgin Publishing produced novelizations of the episodes of the first series, but these were not successful and subsequent episodes were not novelised. As of 2005, the series is available on DVD in series-by-series box set form, released by Revelation Films. A complete box set collection of all four series is also available.
In 2022, the series became available on the BritBox streaming platform.
Cast
Jaye Griffiths as Rosalyn "Ros" Henderson
Jesse Birdsall as Nicholas Beckett
Craig McLachlan as Ed (Series 1–3)
Jan Harvey as Jan (Series 3–4)
Paula Hunt as Alex Jordan (Series 3–4)
Martin McDougall as Lacombe (Series 1–2)
Steven Houghton as Ed Russell (Series 4)
Gareth Marks as Jean-Daniel Marcel (Series 1–2)
Michael Grandage as Channing Hardy (Series 3–4)
Joseph May as Adam Mosby (Series 4)
Episodes
Series 1 (1995)
Series 2 (1996)
Series 3 (1997)
Series 4 (1998–1999)
References
External links
1990s British drama television series
1995 British television series debuts
1999 British television series endings
BBC television dramas
1990s British science fiction television series
Television shows set in London
Television series about computing
English-language television shows
Jones Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County, southwest of Old Forge.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
The 2016–17 UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball team represented the University of California, Irvine during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Anteaters were led by seventh year head coach Russell Turner and played their home games at the Bren Events Center as members of the Big West Conference. They finished the season 21–15, 12–4 in Big West play to win the regular season conference championship. As the No. 1 seed in the Big West Tournament, they defeated UC Riverside and Long Beach State before losing to UC Davis in the championship game. As a No. 1 seed in their conference tournament who failed to win their conference tournament title, UC Irvine received an automatic bid to the National Invitation Tournament. As a No. 8 seed, they were defeated by No. 1 seed Illinois State in the first round. The team won their third Big West Regular Season title in the past four years and their 5th straight season with at least 20 wins.
Previous season
The Anteaters finished the 2015–16 season 28–10, 13–3 in Big West play to win a share of the regular season Big West championship. They defeated Cal Poly in the quarterfinals of the Big West Tournament to advance to the semifinals where they lost to Long Beach State. They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they defeated North Dakota, Louisiana–Lafayette, and Coastal Carolina to advance to the championship game. In the championship game, they lost to Columbia.
Off-Season
2016 Recruiting Class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big West regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big West Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NIT
References
UC Irvine
UC Irvine Anteaters men's basketball seasons
UC Irvine
UC Irvine Anteaters
UC Irvine Anteaters
QHR Technologies Inc. (QHR) is a Canadian healthcare technology company, founded in 2000. It represents 20 percent of the country's medical record market and its Medeo and AccuroEMR products are used by about 16,400 health professionals.
History
In 2013, QHR sold Quadrant to Logibec Groupe Informatique.
In 2014, QHR acquired Medeo, a patient-doctor online connection application developer whose virtual care application is used by about 5,000 physicians in British Columbia.
In 2016, Olympic athlete Hayley Wickenheiser joined QHR as a spokesperson.
In June 2016, QHR announced plans to collaborate with TELUS Health to improve communications between healthcare providers. The companies intend to create a secure electronic communication solution to allow the more than 23,000 Canadian physicians on their EMR platforms to communicate seamlessly, regardless of the EMR platform they're on.
In August 2016, QHR received a $170 million purchase offer from Loblaw Companies, the consortium owning Shopper's Drug Mart, Canada's largest chain of pharmacies. The board approved the offer and QHR was purchased by Loblaw Companies.
Medeo
Medeo is QHR's virtual care technology which connects health providers with their patients online for private video visits, secure messaging, and other virtual care applications. Patients are able to connect with their health providers via smartphone (iOS or Android), tablet, or computer. The company that initially developed the app (Medeo) was acquired by QHR in November 2014.
Medeo has been used for general consultations, prescriptions, follow-ups, specialist referrals, and all non-emergencies.
References
External links
Canadian companies established in 2000
Companies based in Kelowna
Medical technology companies of Canada
Electronic health record software companies
2000 establishments in British Columbia
Health care companies established in 2000
Thomás Chacón Yona (born 17 August 2000) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career
A youth academy product of Danubio, Chacón made their professional debut on 23 November 2017 in a 2–2 draw against El Tanque Sisley. They scored their first goal on 10 March 2019 in a 1–1 draw against River Plate Montevideo.
On 7 August 2019, MLS club Minnesota United announced the signing of Chacón as a Young Designated Player.
On 5 April 2021, Chacón signed on loan with Uruguayan Primera División side Liverpool until 31 December 2021, with Liverpool holding an option to make the deal permanent.
On 26 January 2022, Minnesota opted to buyout Chacón's contract at the club.
International career
Chacón is a former Uruguay youth international. They have represented Uruguay at four different age level tournaments including 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Career statistics
Club
References
2000 births
Uruguayan footballers
Living people
Association football midfielders
Uruguay youth international footballers
Danubio F.C. players
Uruguayan Primera División players
Minnesota United FC players
Designated Players (MLS)
Major League Soccer players
Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo) players
Uruguay under-20 international footballers
The Princess Grace Hospital Centre (, CHPG) is the only public hospital in Monaco.
Overview
The hospital is open 24/7. It is the only public hospital in Monaco.
History
The hospital was opened in 1902 by Prince Albert I as the Monaco Hospital. A service of pediatrics was created in 1949. In 1958, the hospital was further expanded and a polyclinic was added to the complex. The health institution was renamed after Princess Grace of Monaco.
Births
Andrea Casiraghi (born 8 June 1984)
Charlotte Casiraghi (born 3 August 1986)
Pierre Casiraghi (born 5 September 1987)
Louis Ducruet (born 26 November 1992)
Pauline Ducruet (born 4 May 1994)
Princess Gabriella, Countess of Carladès (born 10 December 2014)
Jacques, Hereditary Prince of Monaco (born 10 December 2014)
Chloe Cornelia Jennifer Tops, daughter of Jan Tops and Edwina Alexander (born 30 July 2017)
Deaths
Princess Grace of Monaco (died 14 September 1982)
Princess Antoinette of Monaco (died 18 March 2011)
Baroness Elizabeth-Ann de Massy (died 10 June 2020)
Other
In 2015, it was certified by the Haute Autorité de Santé.
References
External links
Princess Grace Hospital Centre
1902 establishments in Monaco
Hospitals in Monaco
Grace Kelly
La Colle, Monaco
Hospitals established in 1902
Self-enquiry, also spelled self-inquiry (Sanskrit vichara, also called jnana-vichara or ), is the constant attention to the inner awareness of "I" or "I am" recommended by Ramana Maharshi as the most efficient and direct way of discovering the unreality of the "I"-thought.
Ramana Mahirishi taught that the "I"-thought will disappear and only "I-I" or self-awareness remains. This results in an "effortless awareness of being", and by staying with it this "I-I" gradually destroys the vasanas "which cause the 'I'-thought to rise," and finally the 'I'-thought never rises again, which is Self-realization or liberation.
Etymology
Vichāra (Sanskrit: विचार) means deliberation; its root is वि (prefix to verbs and nouns it expresses) – चर् (to move, roam, obtain knowledge of). It is the faculty of discrimination between right and wrong; it is deliberation about cause and effect, and the final analysis; it is also the enquiry into the nature of the Atman, Satya, Ishvara and Brahman. This Sanskrit word, Vichāra, does not have a corresponding word in English. Vichāra is reflection and contemplation upon the meaning of Vedantic truths, and leads the individual to true knowledge, it leads to Brahman, the Universal Self.
Vichara is also called jnana-vichara or by their devotees.
Ātman (IAST: ātman, Sanskrit: आत्मन्) is a Sanskrit word that is usually translated as "self". The root *ēt-men (breath) is cognate with Old English "æþm", Greek "asthma", German "Atem": "atmen" (to breathe). It is derived from Latin "anima" (breath, soul), which is cognate to Sanskrit "ánilaḥ" (wind). Although "ánilaḥ" and "ātman" have similar meaning, they are not etymologically related.
In Hindu philosophy, especially in the Vedanta school of Hinduism, Ātman is the first principle, the true self of an individual beyond identification with phenomena, the essence of an individual. To attain salvation (liberation), a human being must acquire self-knowledge (atma jnana), which is to realise that one's true self (Ātman) is identical with the transcendent self Brahman (or paramatman).
Strictly speaking, "self-enquiry" is not the investigation of the "Self", "Atman", but of the "I", "aham" (Sanskrit), "nan" (Tamil).
Origins
Ramana Maharshi
Ramana's teachings on Self-enquiry originated in their own awakening at age 16, when they became firmly aware of death. It made them aware of the Self. Ramana summarised their insight into "aham sphurana" (Self-awareness) to a visitor in 1945:
At first, Ramana thought that they were possessed by a spirit, "which had taken up residence in their body". This feeling remained for several weeks.
Later in life, they called their death experience akrama mukti, "sudden liberation", as opposed to the krama mukti, "gradual liberation" as in the Vedanta path of jnana yoga: will shine forth of its own accord. It is an awareness that is single and undivided, the thoughts which are many and divided having disappeared. If one remains still without leaving it, even the sphurana – having completely annihilated the sense of the individuality, the form of the ego, 'I am the body' — will itself in the end subside, just like the flame that catches the camphor. This alone is said to be liberation by great ones and scriptures.}}
Transcription of Ramana's explanations
Early on, Ramana attracted devotees who would sit in their company, and ask them questions. Several devotees recorded the answers to their own specific questions, or kept the sheets of paper on which Ramana answered, and had them later published. Other devotees recorded the talks between Ramana and devotees, a large amount of which have also been published.
Ramana "never felt moved to formulate their teaching of their own accord, either verbally or in writing". The few writings he's credited with "came into being as answers to questions asked by their disciples or through their urging". Only a few hymns were written on their own initiative.
Ramana's earliest teachings are documented in the book Nan Yar?(Who am I?), in which they elaborate on the "I" and Self-enquiry. The original book was first written in Tamil, and published by Sri Pillai. The essay version of the book (Sri Ramana Nutrirattu) prepared by Ramana is considered definitive, as unlike the original it had the benefit of their revision and review. "Nan Yar" was documented by their disciple M. Sivaprakasam Pillai, who was already heavily influenced by traditional Advaita, and so had added notes about the traditional Advaitic negation method for their own clarification; these additional notes were later removed by Ramana. A careful translation with notes is available in English as 'The Path of Sri Ramana, Part One' by Sri Sadhu Om, one of the direct disciples of Ramana.
See also
Hinduism
Nisargadatta Maharaj
Nididhyasana
Siddharameshwar Maharaj
Dŗg-Dŗśya-Viveka
Veerashaivism
Allama Prabhu
Buddhism
Anatman
Milinda Panha
Hua Tou
Bassui Tokushō
Chinul
Mahamudra
Subitism
Shikantaza
Modern psychology
Psychology of self
Notes
References
Sources
Printed sources
Web-sources
Further reading
'Who Am I?', Collected Works of Sri Ramana Maharshi (). Includes Nan yar, Who am I?i
Self-enquiry Meditation technique, inspired by the teachings of Sri Ramana Maharshi
Be As You Are: The Teachings of Sri Ramana Maharshi, Edited by David Godman ()
Annamalai Swami: Final Talks, Edited by David Godman ()
External links
Guru Vachaka Kovai, by Sri Murugunar, Translation by Sadhu Om and Michael James free e-book
Meditation
Vedanta
Hindu philosophical concepts
Nondualism
Advaita
Shuragat (; Kaitag: Шурагъа; Dargwa: Шурагъат) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kirtsiksky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 71 as of 2010.
Geography
Shuragat is located 26 km south of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Varsit and Kirtsik are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
The Majjistral Nature and History Park is a nature reserve in Mellieha, Malta. The geographic area includes the coastal area in Golden Bay () to Il-Prajjet and Ix- Xagħra l-Ħamra. It was declared a national park on the Malta Government Gazette by Legal Notice 251 of 2007 in September 2007. The park is named for the northwestern region or wind ().
The area includes a stretch of of protected coast, designated as part of a larger Special Area of Conservation of International Importance, within the Natura 2000 network of sites as per the European Habitats Directive. It has a number of historic and archaeological sites as identified in studies commissioned by the Malta Tourism Authority.
Habitats
The Maltese Islands have a variety of habitats that are inhabited by a diverse number of wild native plants. Some plants in the park are also endemic (found only in the Maltese islands), sub-endemic (found also in a few other Mediterranean regions), while others are scarce, localised or rare. While strolling in the Majjistral Park it is possible to observe the local environment, represented by a wide range of plants found in the different habitats: sand dunes, boulder scree, cliffs, rocky steppes and clay slopes, garrigue, temporary freshwater rock pools and maquis shrubland. The best period to observe some of the species found in the park is the time of flowering — which for the majority of them extends from late winter to spring. Plants, in particular the endemic ones, are an intrinsic part of our heritage and for this reason they have to be preserved and protected through a constant balance between human presence and nature protection.
Indigenous flora and fauna
Flora
Wild plants are important in providing habitat and food for wildlife, protecting the soil from erosion, and are of great value to human life. They also provide aesthetic value. Wild plants are an important component of the natural environment. They produce oxygen and they help to clean the air.
African tamarisk: A deciduous shrub or medium-sized tree, reaching up to in height. Its flowers are grouped and are white, seen in late winter to early spring. Indigenous wild trees are rare. In the park these can be found near the sea.
Barbary nut iris: A small herbaceous perennial that is very common in the park. It has attractive bluish flowers that open in the early afternoon and close in the evening. Frequently met with along paths in the park.
Blue stonecrop: A small often reddish succulent annual with small flowers. These plants often grow in patches and in shallow rock pools and depressions in the garrigue. Common and flowers in spring.
Borage: An annual plant with blue flowers in winter and spring and bristly leaves. Common and often found in disturbed ground.
Branched asphodel: An attractive rather robust plant with white flowers that can be seen in winter and spring.
Clustered sulla: Flowers in spring colouring the rocky ground with its purplish flowers. It is an annual plant and often grows with stems spreading over the ground. The seeds are found in segmented spiny pods, each segment with one seed each.
Common pyramidal orchid: The park's symbol. One of the commonest orchids mainly in garrigue and rocky steppe. Its flowers are grouped in cone-shaped to cylindrical inflorescence, pale or dark pink/purple. Flowers in spring.
Conical orchid: The colour of the flowers varies from plant to plant. Almost white to dark red with several spots. One of many orchids that can be seen in the park and can be found flowering in late winter.
Dodder: This parasitic plant appears as a mass of red filaments. It has small inconspicuous flowers. Common and can be seen growing on several plants such as on the sea squill.
Esparto grass: This grass frequently grows on clay forming steppe habitats. The plant spreads by sea and by rhizomes that help to protect the clay from erosion. Flowers mainly in late spring.
Evergreen honeysuckle: A shrub that can be found in the garrigue and in maquis shrubland.
Giant fennel: A robust plant with huge yet low aromatic flowers grouped in largo umbels attracting several insects such as wasps. The flowers appear in late winter and spring.
Over 350 species of wild plants, some of which are endemic, sub-endemic or rare are found at Il-Majjistral Nature and History Park. The stretches of rocky ground abound with orchids including the endemic Maltese pyramidal orchid, together with several species of shrubs such as Mediterranean thyme. This shrub gives these rocky grounds of the park a vivid violet at the height of its flowering season in June. At the bottom of the cliffs there is an array of wild plant species including ferns, climber plants such as the black bryony and esparto grass covering the clay slopes. Areas of farmed or fallow land hold field gladiolus and other plants associated with these habitats. Over 1300 plants were planted including olives, sandarac gum tree, evergreen oak, carob, lentisk, wolfbane, myrtle, rockrose, and golden samphire.
Fauna
The park's area includes diverse and unique habitats that are important for many species of fauna including rare and endemic species.
These reptiles have been regularly recorded in Il-Majjistral Nature and History Park, suggesting that they are not uncommon.
Other reptiles inhabiting the park include the Moorish gecko, often seen basking in the sun on walls, ocellated skink, and Western whip snake, the most likely of the snakes to be encountered by day.
Judging by the burrows and their droppings, wild rabbits are numerous. They are shy and rarely show up during the day.
If lucky, one can also see a top predator – the weasel, hurriedly crossing a path and disappearing in a wall or among boulders, shrubs or trees.
The painted frog is the only indigenous amphibian in the Maltese Island; it is found in freshwater habitats. During the summer drought it usually hides away in damp places. The painted frog lays hundreds of eggs which hatch into tadpoles that can only live in fresh water.
Breeding Birds
Several species of birds can be seen in the park and at least ten species nest there. Six of these are resident and can be found all year round. They are the blue rock thrush, the Spanish sparrow, the zitting cisticola, the Sardinian warbler, the spectacled warbler and the corn bunting. The other breeding birds — the tawny pipit, the short-toed lark, the swallow and the yelkouan shearwater — come to the park to breed and then leave after the nesting season.
Heritage in the Park
In the Majjistral Park, as in many other protected areas, the natural landscape has been modified during the centuries by human hands. Ancient populations who lived here left a lot of traces that can testify to their activities. Today they represent a considerable historical heritage that enriches the park with history and culture. Walking along the planned routes is the best way to view the archaeological remains in the park.
There are many examples of human intervention in this largely natural area. These include small agricultural holdings and corbelled stone huts, various cart ruts and rock cut tombs dating back to the Punic period.
One of the most important features of the park is , also known as Għajn Żnuber Tower.
It was not one of the watchtowers erected by the Knights and it is believed to have been built in the late 19th century. It was used as a signal station and lookout post during the Second World War. This tower has now been restored by Il-Majjistral Park.
Activities
The park offers a variety of activities at a stretch of of protected heritage coast. These include educational nature guided walks, cleanups, tree planting, seasonal olive picking, rubble wall construction, control of invasive plant species, guided snorkeling tours, and bird watching.
References
Nature reserves in Malta
Mellieħa
2007 establishments in Malta
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Jackson County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 10 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Jackson County
Starcadia is an EP by Joy Electric. The concept of Starcadia is based upon rides that have existed in Disneyland: Matterhorn Bobsleds, Space Mountain, Starcade, Submarine Voyage, and Carousel of Progress. Musically it was described as "more cosmic and spacey" than the band's prior releases.
Track listing
(all songs written by Ronnie Martin)
"The Matterhorn" – 2:00
"Starcadia" – 3:44
"Dance to Moroder" – 3:14
"Circa 1978" – 2:04
"The Carousel of Progress" – 2:26
References
Concept albums
2002 EPs
Joy Electric EPs
Plastiq Musiq EPs
Lorenz Ritter (24 November 1832 – 3 September 1921) was a German painter and etcher.
Biography
They were born at Nuremberg, and a pupil of Heideloff. They painted chiefly in watercolors and etched numerous architectural views of Nuremberg and some subjects from North Italy. They died in Nuremberg.
Family
Their older brother, Paul Ritter, was also a painter.
Notes
References
1832 births
1921 deaths
19th-century German painters
19th-century German male artists
German male painters
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German etchers
Artists from Nuremberg
20th-century German printmakers
Neon Lights is a covers studio album and twelfth studio album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds, released in October 2001.
Overview
Neon Lights is a collection of cover versions put together as a warm up for what would be the next album Cry (2002). As Jim Kerr stated at the time of the album release: «"Neon Lights is the first time Simple Minds have put together a collection of non-original material. We thought it was appropriate at a period of looking back that we go to the very foundations of Simple Minds, which of course is the music and the bands who influenced us."»
Background
After the band's previous album, Our Secrets Are the Same, was leaked by a DJ in Spain, and Simple Minds were fired from EMI, they went into partial retirement. Frontman Jim Kerr moved to Italy to start a hotel. There a number of young Italian artists came to them for advice or input in recording. This finally coaxed the band out of retirement.
They signed a limited contract with Eagle Records. To help the band gain momentum, it was decided that they should record an album of covers to boost awareness of Simple Minds again. Thus Neon Lights was conceived.
Track listing
Other releases
A promo version was also pressed which was titled Original Versions of Songs Covered on "Neon Lights", which comprised all the original versions of the songs covered, making this the only Simple Minds release to be devoid of Simple Minds music. However, Eagle Records encountered some problems with copyrights for a couple of songs, so fewer than 25 of these promos were pressed, making this extremely hard to find.
Two singles were released from the album: the Dancing Barefoot EP, and a number of remixes of "Homosapien".
Personnel
Jim Kerr – vocals, producer (except "Gloria")
Charlie Burchill – guitar, keyboards, bass, programmed rhythms, arrangements, producer (except "Gloria")
Gordy Goudie – guitar, keyboards, bass, drums, vocals, programmed rhythms, arrangements, producer (except "Gloria")
Dee Miller – additional vocals
Kevin Burleigh – additional vocals, engineer, mixing
Phunk Investigation – producer on "Gloria"
Daniele Tignino – producer on "Gloria"
Emiliano Patrik Legato – producer on "Gloria"
Simon Heyworth – mastering
Fabrique – design
Martin Hunter – photography
References
External links
2001 albums
Covers albums
Simple Minds albums
Anderson Costa (born 13 March 1984) is a Brazilian footballer.
Biography
Anderson was born in Rio de Janeiro. They made 55 appearances and scored 14 goals in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A for Vasco da Gama from 2002 to 2005. They renewed their contract in March 2004, signed a 5-year contract. In January 2005 they also spent 6 months with Spanish Segunda División club Córdoba as one of the non-EU players. They were transferred to Dinamo Zagreb in January 2006. However, they requested to leave in July. They were loaned to Portuguese Liga de Honra side in January 2007. The team finished as the runner-up and promoted, however they only played 3 times. They then left for Greek side Aris Thessaloniki and in December 2007 left for Brazilian side Bahia. They were released in April. At the start of 2008–09 season they left for Lucena of Spanish Segunda División B. In January 2009 they were signed by Duque de Caxias in 1-year contract.
In July 2009 they were transferred to Pro Vercelli after a short period with Bnei Sakhnin, which at that time they obtained a Portuguese passport, made them able to by-pass the non-EU immigration ban of Italian lower divisions, along with countryman Adriano da Matta Inácio. Their contract was terminated in January 2010. In February, they were signed by Guarani in 1-year deal, and in June left for Santo André, also in 1-year deal. However, after 7 appearances in 2010 Campeonato Brasileiro Série B, they were released in October.
International career
Anderson Costa played in 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship.
References
External links
Football.it
Portuguese career at LPFP.pt
Croatian Football League players
CR Vasco da Gama players
Córdoba CF players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
Vitória S.C. players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Lucena CF players
Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube players
F.C. Pro Vercelli 1892 players
Guarani FC players
Esporte Clube Santo André players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube players
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
1984 births
Living people
The National Health Regulatory Authority (NHRA) is an independent regulatory body established in 2010, under Law No. 38 of 2009, of the Kingdom of Bahrain.
Bahrain's hospitals, medical centres, pharmacies, physicians, surgeons, nurses, pharmacists, medical technicians and allied healthcare institutions and healthcare professionals must be registered with, and/or licensed, by NHRA.
Mission, vision and goals
According to the NHRA's website, its mission is "to regulate the provision of healthcare in Bahrain and ensure appropriateness, continuity, efficiency and safety in delivering health services, both in the governmental and private sector. It will be based on the best scientific evidence and healthcare best practices, in accordance to international standards".
As per the authority's statements NHRA's Vision is "to ensure safe and high quality in the delivery of healthcare in the kingdom".
Its strategic goals include the regulation and accountability of all healthcare facilities so that they meet the required standards for licensing, the continuous monitoring of the quality of the provision of health services - to ensure compliance with evidence-based practices and accreditation standards - and the preservation and protection of patients' health rights, as well as the rights and the safety of all people who use the health care facilities.
NHRA's responsibilities listed on its official website are: (1) Issue regulations and executive decisions concerning the organization of professions and health services (2) Grant and renew licences for health professionals and healthcare facilities (3) Investigate patients complaints (3) Determine the terms and conditions for the use of health care informatics (4) Monitor, evaluate and accredit healthcare facilities (5) Undertake disciplinary hearings of licensees regarding professional misconduct (6) Approving clinical trials (7) Registration and licensing of medical devices (8) Setting the rules for drug registration and pricing, and ensure the quality of medicines and pharmaceuticals.
On 4 July 2020, in an online lecture for the Shura Council on health sector legislation, the Chief Executive Officer of NHRA Dr Mariam Al Jalahma said that NHRA is responsible "for the implementation and development of health regulations in both governmental and private sectors in Bahrain. This involves regulatory procedures related to licensing health care facilities as well as licensing health care professionals within them".
Leadership and policy
The CEO Dr Mariam Al Jalahma mentioned in their interview to the Oxford Business Group that NHRA ensures that there are no malpractices in the import of medical equipment and essential drugs. According to her, NHRA also verifies the authenticity of degrees and certificates of healthcare professionals like nurses, doctors and pharmacists, before licensing them to work in Bahrain.
During an online lecture, organized by the Bahrain Institute for Public Development (BIPD) for the Shura Council, on health sector legislation and the role of the NHRA on 4 July 2020, Dr Mariam Al Jalahma had said that NHRA is ready "to receive patient complaints about medical and professional errors and to investigate them. It is also ready to receive reports about medical and professional errors and serious accidents by institutions in order to ensure action is taken, to improve performance and to take disciplinary measures against health guilty professions practitioners".
The Chief Executive Officer of NHRA, Dr. Mariam Adhbi Al-Jalahma, is listed among the 100 Most Influential Arab Personalities in the field of social responsibility in 2020, by the Regional Network for Social Responsibility.The honouring is in recognition of Dr. Al-Jalahma's key role in promoting the social responsibility culture.
Response to Covid-19
In December 2020, NHRA announced it has officially approved the registration of Sinopharm's COVID-19 vaccine after the submission of all related documentation by G42 Healthcare, the company's exclusive distributor in the Middle East and North Africa. And with NHRA's approval of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, Bahrain became the second country in the world to grant an Emergency Use Authorisation (EUA) for the vaccine.
On 25 January 2021, the National Health Regulatory Authority (NHRA) announced that it approved the emergency use of the Oxford–AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine manufactured by the Serum Institute of India under the name ‘Covishield'.
The fourth Vaccine approved by Bahrain's NHRA is Sputnik V COVID-19 vaccine.
The National Health Regulatory Authority (NHRA) has also authorized, as the fifth vaccine, the emergency use of Janssen COVID-19 vaccine from Johnson and Johnson. Bahrain became the first country in the world to approve this particular vaccine.
See also
Healthcare in Bahrain
List of hospitals in Bahrain
References
Government of Bahrain
Hospitals in Bahrain
In enzymology, a L-dopachrome isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-dopachrome 5,6-dihydroxyindole-2-carboxylate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-dopachrome, and one product, 5,6-dihydroxyindole-2-carboxylate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is L-dopachrome keto-enol isomerase. Other names in common use include dopachrome tautomerase, tyrosinase-related protein 2, TRP-1, TRP2, TRP-2, tyrosinase-related protein-2, dopachrome Delta7,Delta2-isomerase, dopachrome Delta-isomerase, dopachrome conversion factor, dopachrome isomerase, dopachrome oxidoreductase, dopachrome-rearranging enzyme, DCF, DCT, dopachrome keto-enol isomerase, and L-dopachrome-methyl ester tautomerase. This enzyme participates in tyrosine metabolism and melanogenesis.
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
Nocona American Ball Gloves (commonly stylized as Nokona) is an American manufacturing company of sports equipment and clothing products, specialised in baseball gloves. The company, headquartered in Nocona, Texas, is one of a handful of companies that still manufacture baseball gloves in the U.S.
Apart from baseball gloves, Nocona manufactures (through its division "Nokona Leather Goods") leather products such as belts, wallets, bags, backpacks, and footwear (boots, flip-flops). Other products by the company include t-shirts and caps.
In past years, Nocona also produced other types of athletic equipment, including American football pads and helmets.
History
The company was founded in 1926 by the Storey family in Nocona, Texas. In 1934, The Nokona baseball glove was trademarked (spelled with a "k" when the United States Patent and Trademark Office would not allow the name of an incorporated town to be registered).
Keeping with tradition, the factory has always been family oriented and America-centered. The company first began selling wallets, purses, and belts, but during the Great Depression, sales were slumping. Then company president Robert E. (Bob) Storey decided to manufacture baseball gloves. Storey had played baseball for Rice University before becoming President of the Nocona Leather Goods Company in the 1930s.
The business turned around, and within six years, Nocona was only making sports equipment. The name was changed to Nocona Athletic Goods Company in 1956.
During the 1960s, many sports manufacturers moved from the United States to Asia, where materials and labor are cheaper. However, Storey would not move. They have reportedly said that they would rather quit and go fishing than closeup their factory and move. Today, the company still hasn't moved, and all of their gloves are American made. Bobby Storey, Robert's son managed the company from 1973 to 1991 and is still chairperson of the board.
On July 18, 2006, the 80-year-old factory burned to the ground creating a loss of over $5,000,000. The fire was started by an overheated box fan. The building burned for eight hours before the fire was extinguished. Factory owners promised to rebuild the plant. Employees sifted through the ashes and salvaged what they could, especially the custom leather cutting dies for the Nokona gloves. The operation moved into an old boot factory in Nocona that had shut down. Ten days after the fire, Nocona Athletic Goods was back in production, and none of their employees lost any wages. The company moved to an old boot factory after the fire, before moving to a permanent location in 2008. In 2017, the old boot factory became the new permanent location.
Endorsements
Past MLB players who have endorsed Nokona include infielder Todd Walker, pitchers Jorge Sosa, Jeff Fulchino and MLB Hall of Fame legend Nolan Ryan. David Ortiz, Miguel Cabrera, Vladimir Guerrero, and Miguel Tejada formerly used Nokona wooden bats.
Current MLB players
Ten current Major League Baseball players use Nokona gloves.
Cody Anderson
Scott Barlow
Steven Brault
Colten Brewer
Austin Brice
Blaine Hardy
Tim Mayza
Chris Mazza
Jake Newberry
Tyler Saladino
Wilmer Font
JP Feyereisen
Ryan Pressly
References
McLeod, Gerald E. "Daytrips." The Austin Chronicle. 22 February 2002. <http://www.austinchronicle.com/gyrobase/Issue/column?oid=oid%3A84710>.
Satterfield, Michael. "Made in Texas: Nokona Baseball Gloves." The Gentleman Racer. June 24, 2019. <https://www.thegentlemanracer.com/2019/06/made-in-texas-nokona-baseball-gloves.html>.
External links
Nocona at the Nocona Chamber of Commerce Web
Factory Tours USA article about factory tours
Montague County, Texas
Manufacturing companies established in 1926
Sporting goods manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Texas
1926 establishments in Texas
Bill Crowley may refer to:
Bill Crowley (baseball) (1857–1891), American Major League Baseball player
Bill Crowley (sportscaster) (1920–1996), American sportscaster
Höryda is a village in Karlskrona Municipality, Blekinge County, southeastern Sweden. It is surrounded by the Blekinge forest.
References
Populated places in Karlskrona Municipality
"Party" (stylized as PARTY) is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation for their fifth Korean studio album Lion Heart (2015). It was released as the lead single from the album by S.M. Entertainment on July 7, 2015. The lyrics were written by Cho Yoon-kyung and the music was composed by Albi Albertsson, Chris Young, and Shin Agnes. "Party" is a bubblegum pop and electropop song that features synthesizers, guitar, and Auto-Tune in its instrumentation. To promote the song and the album, Girls' Generation performed "Party" on several South Korean music programs, including Music Bank, Show! Music Core and Inkigayo. A music video for the track, directed by Hong Won-ki, was also released on July 7.
The single received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who praised its catchy music styles and compared the song to "California Gurls" by Katy Perry and "Get Lucky" by Daft Punk. Commercially, the single was a success in South Korea—the digital version peaked atop the Gaon Digital Chart, while the physical edition charted at number two on the Gaon Album Chart. It has sold over 843,000 digital copies in South Korea as of December 2015. The song also peaked at number ten on the Japan Hot 100 and number four on the Billboard World Digital Songs chart.
Background and release
South Korean girl group Girls' Generation had achieved success on the Asian music scene with hit singles such as "Gee" and "I Got a Boy" since their 2007 debut as a nine-piece girl group, consisting of members Taeyeon, Sunny, Tiffany, Hyoyeon, Yuri, Sooyoung, Yoona, Seohyun, and Jessica. In September 2014, Jessica announced that they had been dismissed as a member of Girls' Generation by their parent company S.M. Entertainment due to their schedule conflict between the group's mutual music activities and their own fashion business Blanc & Eclare; the group continued as an eight-member group thereafter.
Girls' Generation announced their first music release following Jessica's departure in March 2015—a single titled "Catch Me If You Can", whose Korean and Japanese versions were released simultaneously in April 2015. On June 30, 2015, Girls' Generation released music video previews of their then-forthcoming three new singles—"Party", "Lion Heart", and "You Think". "Party" was released as the lead single from the group's fifth Korean studio album Lion Heart, and features a song named "Check" as its B-side. It was released for digital purchase by S.M. Entertainment on July 7, 2015, and the physical CD single was released on July 8.
Music and lyrics
"Party" was described by Billboards Jeff Benjamin as an electropop song. They compared the guitar line to that on Katy Perry's 2010 song "California Gurls", and the Auto-Tune to Daft Punk's 2014 single "Get Lucky". Writing for Fuse, Benjamin noted that the track incorporated "lively" guitars, "perky" synthesizers, and a "catchy" hook. A reviewer from The Malay Mail characterized the song as "upbeat" bubblegum pop with a theme similar to that of "California Gurls" and Kesha's 2010 song "TikTok". Lyrically, "Party" is about a girls' night out with friends, and mentions drinking lemon soju, mojito and tequila.
Reception
"Party" received generally positive reviews from music critics. Melissa Locker of Vanity Fair described "Party" as "wildly catchy" and deemed it the best song of the second week of July 2015. Casey Lewis, writing for Teen Vogue, characterized it as a "perfect-for-summer synth-pop anthem" and compared the song's music styles to works of American singer Katy Perry. Jeff Benjamin from Fuse described the song as "addictive" and felt that it would "get a ton of plays at your next gals' night out." They also named it the best song of the summer of 2015. A reviewer from The Malay Mail wrote a positive review, saying "If Korean super girl group Girls' Generation's new upbeat, bubble-gum pop single doesn't brighten up your day, we don't know what will."
"Party" was a commercial success in South Korea. It debuted atop the Gaon Digital Chart on the chart issue dated July 5–11, 2015, and sold 256,390 digital units within its first week of release. Meanwhile, the physical single album peaked at number two on the Gaon Album Chart. As of December 2015, "Party" has sold over 843,843 digital units in South Korea, becoming the 58th best-selling single of 2015. Additionally, it became the 59th best-performing single on the Gaon Digital Chart of 2015, based on digital sales, streaming, and background music (instrumental track) downloads. The physical release was the 32nd best-selling release of the year with sales of 76,385 units.
"Party" debuted at number 22 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 on July 20, 2015. The following week, it climbed to number 10, which later became its peak. On the Billboard World Digital Songs chart, "Party" peaked at number 4.
Promotion
The music video for "Party", released in conjunction with the single, was choreographed by Kevin Maher and directed by Hong Won-ki of Zanybros. It was filmed in Ko Samui, Thailand, and has a beach setting that shows the group enjoying themselves at a summer beach party. There are also a few scenes that were filmed indoors in a bar where they dance to the song.
Lucas Villa from AXS praised the video's flamboyant fashion styles, writing that "Girls' Generation does summer right by living it up under the sun." The music video was an instant success on YouTube, achieving over 2.7 million views in one day. Within 36 hours, it garnered over 6 million views. The visual was the most viewed music video on YouTube by a South Korean music act in July 2015.
To promote the single, Girls' Generation performed the song and its B-side "Check" at Banyan Tree Club & Spa in Seoul just before the release of "Party." Following the release of the single in July 2015, the group performed "Party" on several Korean music programs, including three major ones: KBS's Music Bank, MBC's Show! Music Core, and SBS' Inkigayo.
Track listing
Credits
Credits adapted from Lion Heart liner notes
Hwang Hyeonvocal director, Pro Tools operator, recording engineer, vocal editor
Yu Shin-hyebackground vocals
Shin Agnesbackground vocals
Jeong Eun-kyeongrecording engineer
Jeong Ui-seokmixer
Girls' Generationvocals
Taeyeonvocals
Sunnyvocals
Tiffanyvocals
Hyoyeonvocals
Yurivocals
Sooyoungvocals
Yoonavocals
Seohyunvocals
Charts and sales
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales
Awards and nominations
Release history
Footnotes NotesReferences'
External links
Girls' Generation songs
2015 singles
2015 songs
SM Entertainment singles
Gaon Digital Chart number-one singles
Korean-language songs
Songs about parties
Al Muzaffar III Mahmud was the Ayyubid emir of Hama from 1284–1300. They were the son of Al-Mansur Muhammad II whom they succeeded. Hama was at this time a tributary emirate of the Mamluk Sultanate.
Biography
Al Muzaffar took part in the siege of Acre in 1291, bringing a large mangonel from Krak des Chevaliers to support the assault on the city. Although a few small Crusader enclaves survived, the fall of Acre marked the end of the Crusader period in Syria and thereafter Mamluks rule was unchallenged.
When they died in 1300 Hama was briefly under direct Mamluk rule, but in 1310 Al Muzaffar's cousin Abu'l-Fida was made emir, and there was a final period of Ayyubid tributary rule in the city.
References
1300 deaths
13th-century Ayyubid rulers
Ayyubid emirs of Hama
Sunni Muslims
Year of birth unknown
13th-century people of the Mamluk Sultanate
Aleksandar Simeonov (, born 25 April 1963) is a retired Bulgarian bobsledder. They competed in the two-man and four-man events at the 1988 Winter Olympics and placed 22nd–24th.
References
1963 births
Living people
Bobsledders at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic bobsledders of Bulgaria
Bulgarian male bobsledders
The Lucile Packard Foundation for Children's Health is an independent public charity, devoted exclusively to elevating the priority of children's health and increasing the quality and accessibility of children's health care through leadership and direct investment. The foundation, established in 1996, evolved from Packard Children's Hospital at Stanford University. The foundation is named for noted philanthropist Lucile Salter Packard, who had a lifelong devotion to the health and well-being of children.
Programs
The foundation is the primary fundraiser for Lucile Packard Children's Hospital; it also works to improve the system of care of children with special health care needs, and it disseminates information to raise awareness and promote action regarding key children's health issues.
Fundraising
Since 1997, the foundation has raised funds to ensure that Lucile Packard Children's Hospital and the pediatric programs at Stanford University School of Medicine are able to provide the finest, family-centered care to children; train the next generation of pediatric medical leaders; and conduct research into treatments and cures for diseases that affect children throughout the world. Growth in community support over the last decade has helped transform Packard Children's into one of the nation's top children's hospitals, and has sustained its commitment to care for any child in the community, including those without health insurance. To support Packard Children's Hospital, please visit www.supportLPCH.org.
Grantmaking
The foundation's grantmaking program aims to promote an improved system of care for children with special health care needs and their families.
Information
The foundation's kidsdata.org website provides information about the health and well-being of children. * Kidsdata.org provides facts about children ages 0–18 in the state of California. Data encompass all aspects of children's health, from asthma and alcohol consumption to weight and reading proficiency levels. Kidsdata has been nominated for a Webby award twice.
In the news
The foundation's president and CEO is Cynthia Brandt, PhD
Lucile Packard
Lucile Packard (1914–1987) and their husband, David (1912–1996), co-founder of Hewlett Packard Company, were dedicated to children and were the driving force behind the development of Lucile Packard Children's Hospital. There are several distinct organizations that bear Lucile Packard's name. Among them are The David and Lucile Packard Foundation, the Lucile Packard Foundation for Children's Health, and Lucile Packard Children's Hospital. Because of their similar names, the organizations can be confused with each other, and they often work closely together to help improve the health of children.
See also
Lucile Packard Children's Hospital
Stanford University Medical Center
The David and Lucile Packard Foundation
External links
The Lucile Packard Foundation for Children's Health
LPFCH Fundraising
Kidsdata
Newsletters
Medical and health foundations in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in California
Health charities in the United States
Hsinchu Hills () is an area of hills stretching across the Hsinchu County and Hsinchu City of northern Taiwan. The hills lie on the south of Taoyuan Plateau and on the north of Miaoli Hills. It is extended from Hsuehshan Mountain Range as a part of foothills of the range, and adjoins the northwestern seacoast of Taiwan island. The main agricultural products in Hsinchu Hills are Tea plants and some fruits. Hakka people in this region are majority.
See also
Geography of Taiwan
Landforms of Taiwan
Hill lands
Landforms of Hsinchu County
Hsinchu
Hills of Asia
Alex Johnson QFSM (born 1967) is a British firefighter, named the “Most Influential Woman in Fire” at the Excellence in Fire and Emergency Awards in December 2019. In January 2020, they started serving as the Chief Fire Officer of South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Authority (SYFRA). When Johnson started out as a firefighter in Derbyshire in 1992, aged 24, only 1% of firefighters in the UK were women. They said: “I never saw another female firefighter from one month to the next, there were so few of us.”
Career
Alex Johnson joined South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue as Assistant Chief Fire Officer in 2017, before being promoted to Deputy Chief Fire Officer in December 2017. They had previously served with Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service for over 25 years, having joined as a firefighter in 1992. At Derbyshire, they served at stations across the county and rose to the rank of Area Manager. They led the service's prevention, protection and inclusion work. They also worked at Derbyshire Fire and Rescue Service's training centre, as a Breathing Apparatus Instructor and a Group Manager for learning and development.  They are a qualified Fire Protection Officer.
Johnson is a member of the National Executive Committee of Women in the Fire Service (UK), a not-for-profit organisation that aims to inspire, enable and develop women with the Service. In the early 1990s, they attended their first Women in the Fire Service UK conference and the Fire Brigades Union women's school.
Johnson highlighted those two events as a turning point, finding other women who had had similar experiences to her, and giving them a support network across the UK. They met women who held rank and realised they could make things change for the better, for both women and men in the service. They have a passion for supporting other women, and mentors women within and outside of the fire service. They have also re-established South Yorkshire's equality and inclusion group.
Awards and honours
In December 2019, Johnson was awarded Most Influential Woman in Fire at the Excellence in Fire and Emergency Awards. In November 2019, they were runner-up in the Public Service category of the Guardian Leadership Excellence Awards.
They were awarded the Queen's Fire Service Medal in the 2021 Birthday Honours.
References
British firefighters
British women
People from South Yorkshire
Year of birth uncertain
Living people
1967 births
Recipients of the Queen's Fire Service Medal
Paramongaia is a genus of South American plants in the Amaryllis family, found only in Peru and Bolivia. Common name is "giant Peruvian daffodil."
There are two recognized species:
Paramongaia superba Ravenna - Bolivia (La Paz)
Paramongaia weberbaueri Velarde - Peru (Ancash), Bolivia (La Paz)
References
External links
Rare Plants, Pamianthe (Peruvian Daffodil) & Paramongaia (Peruvian Daffodil)
Bulb Maven, Paramongaia weberbauerii
Amaryllidaceae genera
Amaryllidoideae
Ottaviano Maria Sforza (1475–1545) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Arezzo (1519–1525), Bishop of Lodi (1497–1499, 1512–1519 and 1527–1530), and Titular Patriarch of Alexandria (1541–1545) and Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze (1541–1545).
Biography
Ottaviano Maria Sforza was born in Milan, Italy in 1475, the son of Duke Galeazzo Maria Sforza and their mistress Lucia Marliani.
On 27 October 1497, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Lodi. Their title was more than pastoral and they used their position to secure funding and troops for the expeditions of their uncle Ludovico il Moro.
In 1499, they were forced to resign as Bishop of Lodi after the French conquest of Milan by Louis XII. The Frenchman Claude de Seyssel (Claudio Sassatelli) was appointed as administrator in their place in 1501. In 1512, they were again reappointed as Bishop of Lodi by Pope Julius II after the expulsion of the French from Italy.
They were once again forced from the bishopric in 1515 after the Duke of Milan Massimiliano Sforza and the Bishop of Sion, Matthäus Schiner, suspected them of collaborating with the French; others contend that it was jealousy on the part of Duke Massimiliano Sforza. Fleeing to Germany, they returned to Italy in 1519.
On 19 November 1519, they were appointed Bishop of Arezzo by Pope Leo X(switching places with Gerolamo Sansoni), where they served until their resignation in 1525.
In 1527, they returned to Lodi, this time as the head of a band of mercenary troops where they helped to secure Milanese control of the city from the Venetians (who had seized it from the Holy Roman Emperor, Charles V in 1526). They also regained the bishopric of Lodi, serving until their resignation in 1530 (some sources state they served from 1525-1531). Their successor was again Gerolamo Sansoni.
They retired to Milan where after the death of the Duke of Milan, they unsuccessfully sought the ducal throne. Thereafter they moved to Murano.
On 20 May 1541, they were appointed Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze and Titular Patriarch of Alexandria by Pope Paul III. They served as Bishop of Terracina, Priverno e Sezze until their death in 1545 (some sources say 1540 or 1541).
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
Bishops appointed by Pope Julius II
Bishops appointed by Pope Leo X
Bishops appointed by Pope Paul III
1475 births
1545 deaths
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
The Peruvian tyrannulet (Zimmerius viridiflavus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. As traditionally defined, it is endemic to Peru, but recent genetic evidence suggests it should include the taxon flavidifrons as a subspecies, in which case the range of the Peruvian tyrannulet extends into far southern Ecuador. Alternatively, flavidifrons is sometimes considered a separate species, the Loja tyrannulet, but it is not closely related to the golden-faced tyrannulet as previously believed.
The natural habitat of the Peruvian tyrannulet is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Rheindt, F. E., Norman, J. A., & Christidis, L. (2008). DNA evidence shows vocalizations to be better indicator of taxonomic limits than plumage patterns in Zimmerius tyrant-flycatchers. Molecular Evolution and Phylogenetics 48(1): 150–156.
Peruvian tyrannulet
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Peruvian tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ypsolopha kristalleniae is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from Crete and Turkey.
The wingspan is about 19 mm.
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Hensbarrow Beacon is a hill in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated a mile north-west of Stenalees village at . It is the highest natural point of the Hensbarrow uplands, a natural region and national character area.
The natural summit of Hensbarrow Beacon is 312m high and is marked by a trig point. The trig point sits atop a 5.4m tall round cairn that was later used as a beacon, it is a scheduled monument. It can be reached by a short walk from the road to the west. However, the summit is overtopped by several large spoil heaps from the nearby china clay workings, the highest of which rises to 355 m, therefore creating an 'artificial' summit 43 metres higher than the natural one.
Geographically, the hill is also the highest point of the St Austell Downs, a large region of downland to the north-west of St Austell. The large degree of separation between it and Bodmin Moor to the north-east gives it enough relative height to make it a natural Marilyn, although the official Marilyn has been moved to the top of the highest spoil tip. (its parent is Brown Willy).
The medieval Blackmoor Stannary was centred at Hensbarrow Beacon, with its records stored at the church in Luxulyan.
Geodesy
Hensbarrow Beacon was the origin (meridian) of the 6 inch and 1:2500 Ordnance Survey maps of Cornwall.
References
Hills of Cornwall
Marilyns of Cornwall
Scheduled monuments in Cornwall
Viktor Iosifovich Bursuk (; born 9 April 1958) is a retired officer of the Russian Navy. They currently hold the rank of vice-admiral, and was a deputy commander-in-chief of the navy.
References
Living people
Russian vice admirals
1958 births
Military personnel from Donetsk
Recipients of the Order of Military Merit (Russia)
Recipients of the Order of Naval Merit (Russia)
State Prize of the Russian Federation laureates
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia alumni
N. G. Kuznetsov Naval Academy alumni
Senator Ewing may refer to:
Members of the United States Senate
Thomas Ewing (1789–1871), U.S. Senator from Ohio from 1850 to 1851
William Lee D. Ewing (1795–1846), U.S. Senator from Illinois
United States state senate members
Bob Ewing (politician) (born 1954), South Dakota State Senate
Clinton L. Ewing (1879–1953), Illinois State Senate
James Ewing (Pennsylvania politician) (1736–1806), Pennsylvania State Senate
John H. Ewing (1918–2012), New Jersey State Senate
John Hoge Ewing (1796–1887), Pennsylvania State Senate
Wayne S. Ewing (1929–2010), Pennsylvania State Senate
Joseph Wilhelm Eduard d'Alton (August 11, 1772 – May 11, 1840) was a German engraver and naturalist who was a native of Aquileia (today part of Italy). They were the father of anatomist Johann Samuel Eduard d'Alton (1803–1854).
Originally trained for military service, they learned in Vienna, a thorough knowledge of horses and horsemanship. They later traveled throughout Italy, the Rhineland and France, and during this time period, gained an insight in the areas of natural and art history. At Würzburg they worked closely with embryologist Christian Heinrich Pander, and later on, they taught art history and architectural theory at the University of Bonn, where in 1827 they became a "full professor" of art history. From 1831 to 1840, d'Alton was a member of the Prussian Academy of Arts. One of their famous students in Bonn was Karl Marx.
Eduard d'Alton is largely remembered for their anatomical and zoological engravings and etchings. They collaborated with Christian Pander on Vergleichende Osteologie, which was a series of monographs in the field of comparative osteology. In these works, d'Alton created engraved plates that portrayed the skeletal framework of numerous species, including the extinct megatherium. In Pander's 1817 treatise Beiträge zur Entwicklungsgeschichte des Hühnchens im Eye, d'Alton produced artistic images involving the embryonic development of a chicken.
References
1772 births
1840 deaths
People from Aquileia
German engravers
German anatomists
University of Bonn faculty
The Lancia Artena (Tipo 228) is a passenger car produced by Italian car manufacturer Lancia from 1931 until 1936, and from 1940 until 1942 chiefly for army and government use. It was powered by a 2-litre Lancia V4 engine, while chassis and factory bodies were shared with the more luxurious 2.6-litre V8-engined Lancia Astura.
Total production amounted to 5,567 examples.
History
Artena and their sister Astura made their début at the October 1931 Paris Motor Show. Interrupting Lancia's decade-old tradition of naming its cars with Greek letters, the new model was named after Artena, an ancient town of the pre-Roman Volsci people.
The Lancia Astura was a more powerful and more luxurious version of this car based on the same platform. Besides the engines, main differences between the two cars were the Artena's Michelin disc wheels instead of the Astura's Rudge-Whitworth wire wheels, and the Astura's longer wheelbase.
There were four successive versions of the car. The first series was built between autumn of 1931 through summer of 1932; during the next year the second series was produced, and the third series from Autumn 1933 until the start of 1936.
Series I
Produced between 1931 and 1932, 1,500 built.
Deliveries began in December 1931. The 2-litre engine put out . For 1932 the Artena was available from the factory in two 4-door body styles—four-window saloon seating four and six-window saloon seating six—or as bare chassis.
Series II
Produced between 1932 and 1933, 1,520 built.
Second series changes were light; the car now incorporated modified engine mountings to reduce noise and vibrations.
Series III
Produced between 1933 and 1936, 2,040 built.
The third series brought deeper changes, including new bodywork with a slanted grille. The chassis was modified and made available in two different wheelbase lengths, short (, chassis tipo 228C) and normal (, chassis tipo 228A)—hitherto a prerogative of the more expensive Astura.
The new 1934 range introduced in late 1933 thus included short or normal bare chassis, four passenger saloons on the short chassis, and six passenger saloons on the normal chassis.
In total 1,552 Artena 228As and 488 short-wheelbase Artena 228Cs were made.
Series IV
Produced between 1940 and 1942, 507 built.
At the beginning of World War II, the Artena was put back into production at the request of the Royal Italian Army.
As the car was now intended chiefly for use by the army to chauffeur high officers rather than for private sales, it was modified accordingly.
The chassis was a new platform frame, bearing new type codes, and was produced in longer wheelbase version only. The engine was also a modified Tipo 54A with a lower output of at 3,800 rpm. Another change were Fergat stamped-steel wheels.
Chassis type 341 was designed for passenger cars; top speed was down to . 361 of this type were built. Three body styles were made for official usage, all three 6-seaters featuring a roll-down partition between the driver and the passenger compartment:
Berlina, six-window saloon for government duties and accordingly known as Ministeriale.
Trasformabile 4 luci, 4-door convertible saloon (bodied by Carrozzeria Viotti).
Torpedo trasformabile, saloon with folding roof, for colonial and field use as military staff car, known as Militare (also by Carrozzeria Viotti).
Chassis type 441 was a modified version, to be outfitted as ambulance. 191 were built.
Coachbuilders
Lancia offered the Artena and Astura in saloon form only, and left its other body styles to third-party coachbuilders. Coachbuilders like Stabilimenti Farina, Pinin Farina and Carrozzeria Touring built Artena cabriolets, coupés, faux cabriolets, torpedoes and sport saloons. The Dutch coachbuilder B.T. Van Rijswijk has made in 1938 one dropheadcoupe.
Other coachbuilders offered conversions into commercial vehicles, such as vans or ambulances. Viotti made two special Artena mobile studios for the Italian public service broadcaster, EIAR.
Specifications
Overall the Artena reprised the layout set by the preceding Lancia Lambda, the crucial difference being the body-on-frame construction, in contrast to the Lambda's unibody. This was to provide a suitable basis for coachbuilders to work on, as at the time bespoke coachwork was common on luxury cars such as the Astura; unibody development continued on small Lancias like the Augusta.
The Artena's engine was a Tipo 84 Lancia V4 engine, with a one-piece cast iron cylinder block. A narrow angle of 17° between the cylinder banks kept the engine compact; all four cylinders' exhausts exited on the left hand side, while on the right there was a single Zenith downdraught carburettor. A chain-driven overhead camshaft operated two parallel poppet valves per cylinder.
Bore and stroke measured respectively , for a total displacement of ; maximum power was at 4,000 rpm. Lancia declared a top speed of .
Noteworthily the engine was not directly attached to the chassis, but rather suspended via two leaf springs in order to dampen vibrations.
The transmission was a 4-speed gearbox with a single-plate dry clutch; fourth speed was a direct drive.
Front suspension was independent of the "Lancia" sliding pillar type, developed from the Lambda's. At the rear there was a solid axle on semi-elliptic leaf springs and friction disk dampers.
Braking was via drums, on all four corners.
References
Bibliography
External links
Artena
1930s cars
1940s cars
Cars introduced in 1931
Tashi Tsering () also called Tashi Tsering Josayma; born in 1960, is a Tibetan tibetologist, historian and writer.
Biography
Tashi Tsering was born in 1960.  They are a founding director of the Amnye Machen Institute.  They are also affiliated with the Library of Tibetan Works and Archives, and editor of several Tibetan journals, including the Journal of Tibet.
Tashi Tsering studied at the Central School for Tibetans Dalhousie in northern India from 1963 to 1971. They studied the history of Tibet, Tibetan literature and Buddhism with Khetsun Sangpo Rinpoche, Dzogchen Khenpo Thubten Phuntsok Rinpoche and Rai Bahadur Burmiok Athing.
They also received teachings from the 14th Dalai Lama and other important teachers such as the 16th Karmapa, Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche, the 4th Dodrupchen Rinpoche, the 4th Garje Khamtrul Rinpoche and Khunu Geshe Rigzin Tempa.
They were appointed consultant to the Namgyal Institute of Tibetology by its director, Tashi Densapa.
In 1979, along with the filmmaker Tenzing Sonam, late writer, K. Dhondup, Thupten Samphel, Kesang Tenzin and Gyalpo Tsering, they founded the pioneering English-language Tibetan poetry journal, Lotus Fields.
In the documentary Angry Monk, reflections on Tibet (2005) about Gendun Chophel directed by Luc Schaedler, they are interviewed as an expert.
They compiled the longest calligraphy of Tibetan prayers, conducted by the calligrapher Jamyang Dorjee Chakrishar.
They received several awards from the Tibetan community.
Publications
The Life of Rev. G. Tharchin: Missionary and Pioneer, in (ed Jamyang Norbu), Christian missionaries and Tibet, (Lungta No 11) Amnye Machen Institute (Dharamsāla, India), 1998
Avec Isabelle Henrion-Dourcy, The singing mask: echoes of Tibetan opera, Amnye Machen Institute, 2001
Cosmogony and the origins, Amnye Machen Institute, Dharamsāla, India, 2004,
Éditeur de Aspects of Tibetan History (ouvrage collectif : Tashi Tsering; Roberto Vitali; Dan Martin; Leonard W J van der Kuijp; Elliot Sperling), Amnye Machen Institute, 2001,
Éditeur de Si-tu Paṇ-chen : their contribution and legacy (ouvrage collectif : Tashi Tsering; E Gene Smith; Elliot Sperling; Franz-Karl Ehrhard); Amnye Machen Institute, 2000,
Yumtsho, Journal of Tibetan Women's Studies
References
Tibetologists
Tibetan writers
Tibetan historians
1960 births
Living people
David Kong was the CEO of Best Western International until December 2021.
They were born and raised in Hong Kong. They have a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Hawaii, and they also completed the Executive Development program at the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.
They worked in the hotel industry as a bus boy and worked their way up to become CEO of Best Western International in 2004. Prior to Best Western, Kong worked in management for other hospitality brands and KPMG Consulting's Hospitality and Realty practice. In 2010, Best Western introduced a descriptor program under their leadership defining hotels as Best Western, Best Western Plus or Best Western Premier. According to Travel Weekly, approximately 40 percent of North American properties meet the Best Western Plus criteria. According to the same article, Kong has also focused on international development ,primarily in Asia and the Middle East.
Prior to joining Best Western, Kong worked for hospitality brands, including Hyatt, Omni, Hilton International and Regent International. Kong also work for KPMG's Consulting Real Estate and Hospitality practice.
In 2010, Kong served as Chairman of the American Hotel and Lodging Association (AH&LA). They were also appointed and served on the United States Travel and Tourism Advisory Board. In 2012, Kong received the AH&LA Lawson Odde Award. In 2013, they received the Stephen W. Brener Lodging Hospitality Silver Plate Award.In June 2022, they were identified by the International Hospitality Institute as one of the Global 100 in Hospitalit,a list featuring the 100 Most Powerful People in Global Hospitality.
References
American chief executives of travel and tourism industry companies
University of Hawaiʻi alumni
Kellogg School of Management alumni
American people of Hong Kong descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dorcadion tschitscherini is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1900. It is known from Kazakhstan.
See also
Dorcadion
References
tschitscherini
Beetles described in 1900
Kermit "Bo" Dorough is an American lawyer and politician who has served as the Mayor of Albany, Georgia, since 2020.
Early life and career
Dorough was born in Cordele, Georgia. They graduated from Georgia Southern College in 1983 and from the University of Georgia School of Law in 1986. They began practicing law in Albany in 1987.
In 1999, Dorough was elected to the Albany City Commission as a Commissioner for the city's Ward IV. They continued to hold this position until 2008, when they ran for mayor of Albany, losing to incumbent Willie Adams.
Mayor of Albany
Election
In 2019, they ran for mayor again, and they were one of two candidates, along with incumbent Dorothy Hubbard, who advanced from the November 5 election to a December 3 runoff. Dorough narrowly won the runoff in an outcome described by the Albany Herald as a "stunning upset".
Dorough themselves stated that they were not surprised by their victory, noting that Hubbard had only won 30% of the vote in the first round of voting and saying, "I didn't really see it as a big upset." They were sworn in as mayor on January 13, 2020.
Tenure
Dorough's first term in office coincided with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, which by April 2020 was one of the hardest-hit areas in the country. As Mayor, Dorough pushed through a mask mandate policy that was described as "controversial" among city residents. In the midst of the "Delta surge" in August 2021, Dorough reinstated the mask mandate.
Following a meeting with Senator Jon Ossoff in 2021, Dorough stated that federal funds Albany would receive following the passage of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 would prove a "godsend" for Albany's stormwater and sewage systems.
Personal life
Dorough is married to Bonny Blackshear, with whom they have three sons.
References
Mayors of Albany, Georgia
Living people
People from Cordele, Georgia
21st-century American politicians
Georgia Southern University alumni
University of Georgia School of Law alumni
Georgia (U.S. state) lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Decatur County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 27,842. The county seat is Bainbridge.
Decatur County comprises the Bainbridge, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Tallahassee-Bainbridge, FL-GA Combined Statistical Area.
History
The county was created by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 8, 1823, from a portion of Early County. Three other counties were created from land that was originally part of Decatur County.
In 1825, a portion of Decatur was used in the creation of Thomas County. In 1905, another portion of Decatur was used in the creation of part of Grady County. In 1920, the western portion of Decatur County was used to form Seminole County in its entirety.
Decatur County is named for United States Navy Commodore Stephen Decatur, a hero of the War of 1812.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.2%) is water.
The bulk of Decatur County, from northeast to southwest, and centered on Bainbridge, is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). Almost all of the county's western border is located in the Spring Creek sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin. The southwestern portion of Decatur County, centered on Attapulgus, and bordered on the west by State Route 302, is located on the Lower Ochlockonee River sub-basin of the larger Ochlockonee River basin. Finally, the county's southwestern corner, west of State Route 302, is located in the Apalachicola River sub-basin of the same larger ACF River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Business
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 84 Business
State Route 1
State Route 1 Business
State Route 38
State Route 97
State Route 97 Spur
State Route 241
State Route 253
State Route 253 Spur
State Route 262
State Route 285
State Route 302
State Route 302 Spur
State Route 309
State Route 310
State Route 311
Adjacent counties
Miller County - north
Mitchell County - northeast
Baker County - northeast
Grady County - east
Gadsden County, Florida - south
Seminole County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 28,240 people, 10,380 households, and 7,546 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 11,968 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 57.10% White, 39.91% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.33% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 1.64% from other races, and 0.74% from two or more races. 3.20% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 10,380 households, out of which 35.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.00% were married couples living together, 19.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.30% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.14.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.50% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 28.00% from 25 to 44, 21.10% from 45 to 64, and 13.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 85.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,820, and the median income for a family was $32,635. Males had a median income of $27,180 versus $20,745 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,063. About 19.20% of families and 22.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 33.00% of those under age 18 and 19.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 27,842 people, 10,390 households, and 7,255 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 12,125 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.2% white, 41.1% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 2.5% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 9.8% were American, 5.9% were English, and 5.7% were Irish.
Of the 10,390 households, 35.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.7% were married couples living together, 20.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.2% were non-families, and 26.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 37.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,297 and the median income for a family was $44,322. Males had a median income of $36,176 versus $25,750 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,833. About 19.4% of families and 24.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.9% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 29,367 people, 10,084 households, and 7,113 families residing in the county.
Education
Decatur County School District is the local school district with Bainbridge High School being the local high school.
Spring Creek Charter Academy was formed in 2019 and includes grades Pre-K through 8th Grade as of 2021–2022 school year with the next year being added as each grade progresses through the years.
Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College has a satellite campus in Bainbridge.
Communities
Cities
Attapulgus
Bainbridge
Climax
Town
Brinson
Unincorporated communities
Amsterdam
Ausmac
Cyrene
Eldorendo
Faceville
Fowlstown
Vada
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Decatur County, Georgia
Sowegalive.com - Bainbridge, GA News, Radio and Community Information
References
General
Specific
The New Georgia Encyclopedia entry for Decatur County
External links
Decatur County historical marker
Amsterdam historical marker
Cyrene historical marker
1823 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1823
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Micropolitan areas of Georgia (U.S. state)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Annie Louise Tanner-Musin (née Annie Louise Hodges 1856 - February 28, 1921) was a coloratura soprano prima donna singer based in New York City.
Tanner-Musin's voice was said to span three octaves and was described as "clear as crystal, fresh as a rose-bud, and which can be compared only to a magic flute." They sang on their own at private clubs and later primarily with the Ovide Musin Concert Company with their husband Ovide Musin who played violin. The two performed together in the U.S. for at least six seasons.
The company traveled extensively including two tours of Europe, two tours Mexico and visits to Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. They toured the world for over a decade, despite Tanner-Musin's claustrophobia and sea sickness which made boat travel difficult.
Personal life
Tanner-Musin was the daughter of Alexander Phelps Hodges and Adelaine Felton. They married Wells B. Tanner on October 17, 1878 in Batavia, New York; they died in 1885. They married Ovide Musin in New York City in 1891. They always referred to them formally as Annie Louise Hodges-Musin.
References
1921 deaths
1856 births
American women singers
Corestheta minima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1958. It is known from Australia.
References
Dorcadiini
Beetles described in 1958
Khufu Peak () is a peak rising to about 745 m located in Planet Heights, near the center of the Fossil Bluff massif, on the east side of Alexander Island, Antarctica, in which the east face of the peak faces towards George VI Sound and the George VI Ice Shelf. For many years this was known to British Antarctic Survey (BAS) workers by the unofficial descriptive name "Pyramid," a name already in use. To avoid duplication, in 1987 the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) applied a new name after Khufu, the second Pharaoh of the Fourth Dynasty of Egypt, who erected the Great Pyramid of El Giza.
See also
Duffy Peak
Giovanni Peak
Giza Peak
Mountains of Alexander Island
Kashimo Bosai Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control. The catchment area of the dam is 16 km2. The dam impounds about 7 ha of land when full and can store 733 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1969 and completed in 1975.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1975 establishments in Japan
Stopford Augustus Brooke (14 November 1832 – 18 March 1916) was an Irish churchman, royal chaplain and writer.
They were born in the rectory of Glendoen, near Letterkenny, Donegal, Ireland, of which parish their maternal grandfather, Joseph Stopford, was then rector. They were the eldest son of the Rev. Richard Sinclair Brooke, later incumbent of the Mariners' church, Kingstown (now Dún Laoghaire), and was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. They were ordained in the Church of England in 1857 and held various charges in London. From 1863 to 1865 they were chaplain to the Empress Frederick in Berlin. In 1869 with their brother Edward they made long tours of Donegal and Sligo, and spent much time at Kells studying Irish antiquities. Between 1866 and 1875 they were the minister at St James's Chapel, a Proprietary Chapel, and after it closed they took services at Bedford Chapel, Bloomsbury where they continued to attract large congregations. In 1875, they became chaplain in ordinary to Queen Victoria. But in 1880 they seceded from the Church, being no longer able to accept its leading dogmas, and officiated as an independent preacher for some years at Bedford chapel, Bloomsbury.
Bedford chapel was pulled down about 1894, and from that time they had no church of their own, but their eloquence and powerful religious personality continued to make themselves felt among a wide circle. A man of independent means, they were always keenly interested in literature and art, and a fine critic of both. The two-volume Life and Letters of Stopford Brooke, written by their son-in-law L. P. Jacks and published in 1917, contains many details of different facets of their life.
In 1890-1 they took the lead in raising the funds to purchase Dove Cottage, William Wordsworth's home in Grasmere from 1800 to 1808, and establishing it “for the eternal possession of those who love English poetry all over the world". Dove Cottage is now administered by the Wordsworth Trust.
Brooke published in 1865 their Life and Letters of FW Robertson (of Brighton), and in 1876 wrote an admirable primer of English Literature (new and revised ed., 1900—but see below), followed in 1892 by The History of Early English Literature (2 vols, 1892) down to the accession of Alfred the Great, and English Literature from the Beginnings to the Norman Conquest (1898).
They gave the inaugural lecture to the Irish Literary Society, London, on "The Need and Use of Getting Irish Literature into the English Tongue" (Bloomsbury House, 11 March 1893).
They delivered a sermon on "The Kingdom of God Within" to the International Council of Unitarian and Other Liberal Religious Thinkers and Workers, meeting in London in May 1901.
Their other works include:
various volumes of sermons
Poems (1888)
Dove Cottage (1890)
Theology in the English Poets Cowper, Coleridge, Wordsworth, Burns (1874)
Notes on the Liber Studiorum of J. M. W. Turner (1885; a later publication on the same subject "suggested by the writings of Mr. Ruskin")
Tennyson, their Art and Relation to Modern Life (1894)
A Treasury of Irish Poetry in the English Tongue (co-edited with their son-in-law T.W.Rolleston) (1900)
The Poetry of Robert Browning (1902)
On Ten Plays of Shakespeare (1905)
The Life Superlative (1906)
Brooke married Emma Wentworth-Beaumont (1830-1874) on 23 March 1858. They had six daughters, the eldest of whom was the social reformer Honor Brooke, and two sons, including Stopford Brooke, a Member of Parliament from 1906 to 1910. Brooke's second daughter Maud married T. W. Rolleston, the Irish writer; their fourth daughter Olive married L. P. Jacks, philosopher, Unitarian minister and Principal of Manchester College, Oxford; and their fifth daughter Sybil married L. Leslie Brooke, the artist of children's books: their son Henry was to become Home Secretary.
Brooke's published letters record that their work brought them into touch with most of their famous contemporaries - including Alfred, Lord Tennyson, Burne-Jones, William Morris, Viscount Bryce, James Martineau and Matthew Arnold.
References
General
Specific
External links
Life and works of Stopford A. Brooke, from Ricorso
Mary Lago Collection at the University of Missouri Libraries
1832 births
1916 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
19th-century English Anglican priests
Irish Unitarians
People from Letterkenny
People from County Donegal
Étienne Lucier, né Lussier, (June 9, 1786 – March 8, 1853) was a French-Canadian fur trader active primarily in the Pacific Northwest. They were hired by the Pacific Fur Company and sent to the region to help establish Fort Astoria. Later they became a settler in the Willamette Valley. Lucier attended the Champoeg Meetings and was one of few French-Canadians or "Canadiens" to vote for the Provisional Government of Oregon, an American and Canadian civil authority for the valley.  They are credited with becoming the first European descendant farmer within the modern state of Oregon.
Early life
Étienne Lucier was born on June 9, 1786 at Boucherville in Chambly County, Quebec. Their parents were Michel Lussier and Marie Victoire Edeline Delisle. Their god parents were Etienne Lasourde and Marie Anne Laubeil according to the entries in the register of the parish church. Other western explorers with ties to Boucherville include Jacques Denoyon, the family Gaultier de la Verendrye, and Toussaint Charbonneau.
Fur trade
Lucier joined the Pacific Fur Company in 1810, a newly established fur trading venture that was funded largely by German-American merchant John Jacob Astor. The PFC had a notably diverse workforce. The majority were British subjects of several different cultural backgrounds. The other company partners were either Scottish or American. French-Canadians typically served as voyageurs and trappers, with a number of Iroquois working in these vital roles as well. The remaining employees were Americans, Anglo-Canadian, British, or Hawaiian Kanakas.
Lucier was assigned to travel overland in an expedition led by Wilson Price Hunt to the Pacific Northwest. The group reached the mouth of the Columbia River in February 1812, where work on Fort Astoria was already begun. Despite the initial work of the company, the PFC folded due to the War of 1812 and its assets were sold to the North West Company (NWC). In October 1813, Lucier joined the NWC and became a trader for them. They then married an Indigenous woman and moved to the Willamette Valley in the same year. After the merger of the NWC into the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) in 1821, they became an employee of the HBC. Lucier shortly afterwards made a land claim on what is now Portland, Oregon.
French Prairie
Lucier established a permanent land claim next to the Willamette Fur Post near Champoeg on the French Prairie by 1829. Chief Factor John McLoughlin of the HBC at Fort Vancouver helped Lucier with farming supplies, including livestock that helped establish Lucier as Oregon's first Euro-Canadian farmer. On their farm they raised pigs and hogs, cattle, peaches, and wheat that were enclosed by a split-rail fence. Lucier's farm had a -story double-hewn log home, a grist mill, a framed barn, and a warehouse used for wheat.
Their farm was adjacent to Pierre Belleque's farm.
On March 22, 1836, they and 15 other French Canadian settlers on the prairie representing 77 settlers and their children signed a petition sent to Norbert Provencher, the titular Bishop of Juliopolis, requesting a priest for the settlement. At that time they had six children. In 1843, Lucier was a participant at the Champoeg Meetings that lead to the creation of the Provisional Government of Oregon. They were one of two French Canadian early settlers that joined with the American bloc to vote for the creation of the government on May 2, 1843. Then in 1851 Lucier became an American citizen in order to secure their land claim via the Donation Land Act.
Family
On the French Prairie, Étienne Lucier married for a second time as their first wife had died. They fathered eight children in total from both women.
Citations
Bibliography
External links
1793 births
1853 deaths
American people of French-Canadian descent
Pre-Confederation Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian fur traders
Champoeg Meetings
Hudson's Bay Company people
Oregon pioneers
Hrytsiv () is an urban-type settlement in Shepetivka Raion (district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine. It hosts the administration of Hrytsiv settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine. The settlement's population was 4,056 as of the 2001 Ukrainian Census and
The settlement was founded in 1230. It received the status of an urban-type settlement in 1959.
References
Urban-type settlements in Khmelnytskyi Oblast
Volhynian Governorate
Populated places established in the 1230s
1230 establishments in Europe
Natalie Sather (born March 12, 1985) is an American auto racing driver.
Racing career
Early career
Sather was first interested in racing when they were in kindergarten, bringing die-cast cars into show-and-tell. When they were 9 years old, Sather started racing after acquiring a go-kart. Upon winning a karting championship in 2001, they moved to sprint cars. When they were 17, in their fifth sprint car race, they were involved in a crash that created three compound fractures in their right leg, though they returned to racing four months later.
In 2007, they won the American Sprint Car Series Midwest Championship, the first female to win the title. They spent five seasons in the series, and won the ASCS Midwest championship.
Sather also made starts in the World of Outlaws, qualifying for a preliminary A-Main in 410 sprint cars at the 2007 Knoxville Nationals. The following year, they returned to Knoxville, and finished in the top 10 in the 360 Sprint Car points standings, along with winning Rookie of the Year.
To develop their racing, they attended the Skip Barber Racing School, Finish Line Racing School, Lyn St. James Women in Racing Program, and the Jimmy Sills Racing School.
NASCAR
In 2008, Sather was invited to NASCAR's Drive for Diversity Combine at South Boston Speedway, and was eventually named to the program's 2009 class. On April 11, 2009, Sather began racing asphalt super late models, finishing in the top-10, and competed full-time at Evergreen Speedway's and layouts; they finished fourth in the points standings, and was named rookie of the year. In 2010, they joined the Whelen All-American Series' Late Model division at South Boston, racing for Sellers Racing Inc., owned by Peyton Sellers and H.C. Sellers. In their first 17 races at the track, Sather recorded 13 top-fives and 15 top-10 finishes.
On March 29, 2012, Sather joined MAKE Motorsports to make their Camping World Truck Series debut. In their first attempt at Martinsville Speedway, Sather was 38th fastest with a lap time of 20.584 and speed of , and as a result, failed to qualify. They later attempted to qualify at Iowa Speedway, but crashed before they could make a complete lap in qualifying. An emotional Sather in their interview said that this race was their last chance to make it into the sport and that because of their second straight DNQ, their future looked very bleak. Unfortunately, their fear was realized and they never competed in auto racing again after that weekend.
Post-racing career
In 2014, Sather was hired by the National Sprint League as the series' Marketing Director.
Personal life
The daughter of Brad and Tessa Sather, Sather is the eldest of three sisters, consisting of her, Whitney and Sidney. Them hobbies include shopping, dogs, hunting and fishing, and country music. In high school, Sather was captain of the cheerleading squad.
In 2003, Sather participated in the Miss North Dakota Teen USA pageant, being named Miss Congeniality. They returned to the pageant three years later, winning second runner-up.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Camping World Truck Series
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Racing drivers from North Dakota
NASCAR drivers
American female racing drivers
21st-century American women
Emanuela Felici (born 22 December 1980 in Borgo Maggiore) is a Sammarinese sport shooter. They represented their nation San Marino in two editions of the Olympic Games (2000 and 2004), finishing seventh each in the process. Considered one of the world's top female trap shooters, Felici pocketed two career bronze medals at the 2002 European Championships in Lonato del Garda, Italy, and at the 2007 ISSF World Cup Series in Maribor, Slovenia.
Biography
Felici made their official debut at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, where they wound up to seventh in the inaugural women's trap with a score of 64 hits, narrowly missing a spot for the final round by just a single point behind Russia's Yelena Tkach. Felici was also appointed by the San Marino Olympic Committee () to carry the national flag in the opening ceremony.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Felici qualified for their second Sammarinese squad, as a 23-year-old, in the women's trap by finishing ninth and securing an Olympic ticket from the 2003 ISSF World Cup series in Granada, Spain. They amassed a total score of 60 hits out of 75 targets in the qualifying stage, but fell abruptly in a shoot-off for the final round against South Korean shooter and eventual bronze medalist Lee Bo-na by 2 to 1, matching their position from the previous Games in the process.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Sammarinese female sport shooters
Olympic shooters of San Marino
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The 6th Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK) was held in the February 8 House of Culture in Pyongyang, North Korea, from 10 to 14 October 1980. The congress is the highest organ of the party, and is stipulated to be held every four years. 3,062 delegates represented the party's membership; 117 foreign delegates attended the congress, without the right to speak. The congress saw the reappointment of Kim Il-sung as WPK General Secretary and the Presidium of the Politburo established as the highest organ of the party between congresses.
At this congress, Kim Il-sung designated their son Kim Jong-il as their successor. The move was criticized by the South Korean media and ruling communist parties of the Eastern Bloc because it was considered nepotist. The congress also saw the WPK and North Korea move away from orthodox communism by emphasizing the Juche idea over Marxism–Leninism, giving the party a nationalistic bent. The next party congress was not convened before 2016, despite party rules that stipulated that a congress had to be held every fifth year.
Preparations
Little is known about the preparations for the 6th Congress. It was convened a decade after the 5th WPK Congress (in 1970), outside the party norm of a quadrennial meeting. There was no official reason for its postponement, but it was probably due to the fact that WPK General Secretary Kim Il-sung spent much of the 1970s gathering support (and creating an independent power base) for their son and planned successor Kim Jong-il. In addition, a great deal of time was spent restructuring party organizations and functions. The primary reason for the 6th Congress was to formalize Kim Jong-il as Kim Il-sung's chosen successor.
Delegates and attendees
The 6th Congress was attended by 3,062 delegates with voting rights and 158 without them; this marked an increase of 1,349 voting and 137 non-voting delegates from the 5th Congress. The increase indicates a growth in membership. The 6th Congress is significant for its large number of delegations: 177 delegations from 118 countries were represented. While communist and workers' parties customarily invite "fraternal parties" to party congresses, the WPK had taken the unusual step of not inviting foreign delegations to the 1st, 2nd and 5th congresses. Among those invited this time were the Chinese Communist Party and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. The WPK leadership also invited a number of non-communist parties and organizations to the congress. The official report said that 155 foreign organizations from 105 countries attended the congress, indicating that 22 delegations remained incognito. For unknown reasons, no foreign delegates spoke at the congress.
The Congress
The 6th Congress was held at the February 8 House of Culture from 10 to 14 October 1980, with a recess on 11 October. Compared to its predecessor, the 6th Congress was fairly short. It began with opening addresses by Kim Il-sung, the Executive Bureau, the Secretariat and the Credentials Committee. After the opening remarks, the congress' agenda was decided: "(1) Summing up the work of the Party Central Committee; (2) Evaluation of the work of the Party Central Auditing Committee; (3) Revision of the Party Rules and (4) Election of the central leading agencies of the Party." This was followed by a report on the Central Committee's performance since the 5th Congress. The 6th Congress was adjourned on 11 October, and 12 October began with the election of a committee to draft congressional decisions. Lee Nak-bin then delivered a report on the work of the Central Auditing Committee since the 5th Congress. The rest of the day was spent discussing the Central Committee report. 13 October was devoted to debates and congratulatory speeches, and on 14 October the congress elected the 6th Central Committee and the 6th Central Auditing Commission.
Significant at the 6th Congress was the generational shift within the WPK, with Kim Il-sung planning to formalize the position of Kim Jong-il. 248 members were elected to the 6th Central Committee: 145 full members and 103 candidate members. This was an increase of 76 members from the 5th Central Committee, which had 172 members. The expansion of the Central Committee is a sign of an expanding party, since one Central Committee member represents 10,000 party members. Of the 248 members, "139 (60 full members and 79 candidate members)" were new to the Central Committee. However, compared to previous Central Committees the replacement rate was relatively low (41.4%, compared with 72.2% at the 5th Congress). Only two members have sat on the Central Committee since the 1st Central Committee: Kim il-sung and Kim Il. The cause of the high Central Committee replacement rate had been intra-party conflict, and the Yanan, South Korean, domestic and Soviet-Korean factions (as well as ideological opponents of hereditary succession) had been purged from the Central Committee at previous congresses. Amendments to Party rules changed the name of the Political Committee back to its original name (the Politburo), and created a Presidium within the Politburo to further centralize the power of the ruling elite.
Of the 158 delegates with speaking rights, 39 participated in the debates—much-lower participation than at the 5th Congress, in which 98 of 137 delegates with speaking rights participated. All debate participants were Party bureaucrats and technocrats, making it the first congress at which the "revolutionary generation" was not present. 38 topics were debated: twenty-one focused on the economy, ten on politics, five on social and cultural affairs, one on military affairs and one on possible unification with South Korea. Socialist construction, the designated primary task of the party during the 1980s, was the focal point of the discussions. The 6th Congress ended with Kim Il-sung presenting a summary of what had been decided: "(a) Shining victory of the Three Revolutions—achievements in ideological, technological and cultural revolutions; (b) Conversion of entire society along the lines of Juche idea; (c) Independent and peaceful reunification of the fatherland; (d) Strengthening of the solidarity with the anti-imperialist self-reliant forces; (e) strengthening of Party work."
1st plenum
The 1st plenum of the 6th Central Committee, to elect the central party leadership, was held immediately after the 6th Congress. 34 members were elected to the 6th Politburo, an increase from 15 in the 5th Politburo. Of these 34, 19 were full members and 15 candidate members. Five members were elected to the Presidium, and Kim Jong-il was ranked fourth in the hierarchy of the Politburo and the Presidium. The 6th Secretariat was composed of nine members, with Kim Jong-il ranked second. The size of the Secretariat did not change from the 5th Congress, but of its nine members only Kim Il-sung was from the party's "revolutionary generation" (60% of the members of the 5th Secretariat came from that generation). Kim Il-sung and Kim Jung-rin were the only incumbents to be reelected. The elected 6th Central Military Commission (CMC) was composed of 19 members, of which Kim Jong-il ranked third (behind Kim Il-sung and O Jin-u). This marked the first time in the party's history that the CMC membership was made public. Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il became the only officials with seats in all four bodies: the Presidium, Politburo, Secretariat and CMC. While Kim Jong-il was outranked in the Presidium, Politburo and Secretariat, none of the members who outranked them had positions in other bodies (except for O Jin-ju, second-ranked member of the CMC). Below is a list of members (and their respective rankings) of the Presidium, full and candidate members of the Politburo, Secretariat and CMC:
The 1st plenum saw the "revolutionary generation" retire from their executive posts, surrendering them to the new generation of Kim Jong-il; however, they still controlled the highest organs of power: the Presidium and the Politburo. The plenum saw the disappearance of Kim Yong-ju (Kim Il-sung's brother, considered their chosen successor before Kim Jong-il), Kim Dong-gyu, Ryu Jang-sik and Ri Yong-mu from important party positions. The reason for the purge is unknown, but presumably linked to Kim Il-sung's time-consuming consolidation of their son's power base.
Policy decisions
Kim Jong-il as successor
Kim Yong-ju was believed to be Kim Il-sung's first choice as successor, and their authority increased until they became co-chairperson of the North–South Coordination Committee. From late 1972 until the 6th Congress, Kim Yong-ju became an increasingly remote figure within the regime; at the 6th Congress, they lost their seats in the Politburo and on the Central Committee. However, rumors were confirmed that Kim Il-sung began grooming Kim Jong-il in 1966. From 1974 until the 6th Congress, Kim Jong-il (called the "Party centre" by North Korean media) became the second-most-powerful man in North Korea.
The choice of Kim Jong-il as Kim Il-sung's successor met with considerable criticism. Critics accused Kim Il-sung of creating a dynasty, turning North Korea into a feudal state. An anonymous South Korean critic said, "Hereditary succession of power [was an] inevitable consequence of the elder Kim's irrevocable commitment to the dream of founding a dynasty of their own and of their family", adding that Kim Jong-il's rise to power was proof of the "degeneration" of the WPK into a "thoroughly personalized family affair built up around a personality cult." The Communist Party of the Soviet Union, the Chinese Communist Party and other ruling parties of socialist states did not approve Kim Jong-il's appointment as heir apparent. Kim Il-sung's choice of successor arguably concerned the promotion of revolutionary zeal in the country (taking into account the negative treatment Joseph Stalin received from their successor).
Korean unification
At the congress, Kim Il-sung stressed the importance of "achieving the goal of the unification of the fatherland which has been the greatest and long-cherised desire of the whole people is the most important revolutionary task facing the Party". They warned their audience that if Korea remained divided, it might never be unified again because of relations among the big powers. Kim Il-sung called for the establishment of the "Democratic Confederal Republic of Korea" (DCRK), a national government of North and South Korea. The DCRK would be ruled by a Supreme Confederal National Congress (SCNC), with an equal number of representatives from North and South Korea. The SCNC representatives would elect a Presidium, which would rule on its behalf. Under this system, South Korea would remain capitalist and North Korea socialist. However, the WPK leadership named three conditions for North Korea to join the DCRK: (1) Social democratization of South Korea, the ouster of its current ruling class, repeal of the Anti-Communist and National Security Laws and replacement of its military regime by a democratic one representing the will of the people; (2) Reducing tensions with the establishment of a truce and a peace agreement; (3) Reducing American interference in the region, holding open the possibility of improved relations with the United States if it supported Korean reunification.
From communism to nationalism
The 6th Congress signified a move away from orthodox communism, with the Juche given primacy over Marxism–Leninism; in foreign relations, an independent national policy was given primacy over proletarian internationalism. According to political analyst Kim Nam-sik, "They [changes] represent a marked departure from the fundamental principles of communism, and a new orientation for the North Korean future in the 1980s." In contrast to other ruling communist parties in socialist states, democratic centralism in the WPK did not hold the leader (the WPK General Secretary) accountable. In many ways it functioned the other way around, with the WPK accountable to the leader. This unusual system is rooted in North Korea's leader theory.
In contrast to other socialist states (which upheld the orthodox communist belief that the masses are masters of historical development), WPK ideology asserts that the masses can only initiate revolutionary change through a leader. While other socialist states often emphasized certain historical figures, due weight was still given to the people. The opposite occurred in North Korea, where the party line was "The great revolutionary task of the working class is pioneered and led to victory by the Leader and completed under the leadership of the Leader only." From this perspective, the revolutionary task given the working class by the other socialist regimes became the sole responsibility of the leader in North Korea. The leader theory supports one-man leadership, since all important tasks can only be accomplished by a great leader it argues. This ideological outlook may explain why Kim Il-sung appointed their son, Kim Jong-il, as their successor. In North Korea, Kim Il-sung was considered a "Great Leader" with a decisive role; they were cited by official media as the man who established the WPK and founder of the Juche idea. Because of this, Kim Il-sung was not "elected" WPK General Secretary; the position was bestowed on them by divine right.
While North Korea had already begun to move from a foreign policy based upon proletarian internationalism at the Conference of Party Representatives in 1966, the WPK leadership had never explicitly broken with proletarian internationalism as it did at the 6th Congress. In theory, a communist party supports policy contributing to the world revolution. Communist regimes rarely lived up to this ideal; by the 1950s, ideological schisms within the world communist movement made it all but impossible. From 1966 onwards, North Korea strengthened relations with neutral countries in the global Cold War. Proletarian internationalism was replaced with a national, independent foreign policy; if a socialist and non-socialist country were at war, North Korea could (in theory) support the non-socialist country if it benefited North Korea. At the 6th Congress, Kim Il-sung attached more importance to relations with Third World countries than to unity in the socialist camp. Nevertheless, North Korea still received massive funds and aid from the Soviet bloc, the People's Republic of China and relations with the United States would remain bitterly cold. While North Korea argues that independence and proletarian internationalism are not exclusive, in orthodox communist theory they are.
Footnotes
Works cited
Further reading
Political history of North Korea
Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea
Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea
Congresses of the Workers' Party of Korea
Sreekovil is a 1962 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by P. A. Thomas and S. Ramanathan and produced by N. Krishnan. The film stars Sathyan, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, P. A. Thomas and Ambika in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Sathyan
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
P. A. Thomas
Ambika
Kanchana
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and lyrics were written by Abhayadev.
References
External links
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by S. Ramanathan
Joshua Sanford Field was a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Hillsboro, a city in Vernon County, Wisconsin, United States. It was owned by the City of Hillsboro. The airport closed sometime in the fall of 2016, due to it being unsafe to operate from due to the nearby Land O'Lakes butter plant being expanded right off the runway threshold. The airport was no longer listed in the November 10, 2016 publication of the FAA Airport/Facility Directory.
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this facility was assigned HBW by the FAA but had no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft
Joshua Sanford Field covers an area of 16 acres (6 ha) at an elevation of 938 feet (286 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 5/23 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,070 by 46 feet (936 x 14 m).
For the 12-month period ending June 9, 2015, the airport had 1,405 aircraft operations, an average of 117 per month: roughly 99% general aviation and >1% military. In September 2016, there were 7 aircraft based at this airport: all 7 single-engine.
Closing of the airport
The airport was closed because of the expansion of the Land O'Lakes butter plant, which is next to the airport. There were talks about transforming it into private members only airport. The airport would then shorten the runway to accommodate for the nearby obstacles. This plan failed when the FAA refused to allow the runway to be shortened.
References
Defunct airports in the United States
Airports in Wisconsin
Vernon County, Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Vernon County, Wisconsin
2016 disestablishments in Wisconsin
Underground is the second studio album by the American garage rock band, The Electric Prunes, and was released in 1967 on Reprise Records. It would be the final album of any materialized input by band members until the 1969 "New Improved" Electric Prunes were formed. The album was a moderate chart hit, but, without a hit-ready single, the band could not repeat their past success.
In 2011, it was included in NME's "The 100 Greatest Albums You've Never Heard" list, chosen by Andrew VanWyngarden of MGMT.
Background
The album, Underground, brought changes to the band once recording began. Limited lyrical input plagued the band's creative process on their debut. Only one track, composed by Mark Tulin and James Lowe, called "Lovin'" was included on their first album. This changed with this album because Dave Hassinger, the group's producer, was not as active in the sessions resulting in nine of the 12 tracks becoming the band's own material. With so much more musical freedom, the band could mold their music into their own image. The final products were a more direct and cohesive set of songs that reflected the band's own design.
The band continued in their utilization of distorted sound effects, fuzz-toned guitar instrumentals, and experimented with a Vox organ. Regarding the playing of the organ Lowe said, "they brought a prototype in, and took it back after they heard what we did with it." Near the end of recording however, two band members left. Preston Ritter's departure stemmed from musical differences, and James Spagnola left due to medical issues. Their replacements were original drummer Michael Fortune and new member Mike Gannon. As a result of being brought in late, Fortune appeared on five tracks and only two included Gannon. Gannon also is featured on the non-album single "Everybody Knows You're Not in Love".
Underground was released in August 1967 and became a moderate success, charting at number 172 nationally. Without a hit single, the album could not reach more popularity. This lineup consisting of Tulin, Lowe, Williams, Fortune, and Gannon would tour to promote the album. They played across the United States in prestigious venues like The Crystal Ballroom in Portland, and were the only lineup, until the reformation 30 years later, to tour Europe. A live album called Stockholm '67 was recorded material from a concert on this tour that was released 30 years later.
Track listing
Side one
"The Great Banana Hoax" (James Lowe, Mark Tulin) – 4:09
"Children of Rain" (Goodie Williams, Ken Williams) – 2:37
"Wind-Up Toys" (Lowe, Tulin) – 2:26
"Antique Doll" (Nancy Mantz, Annette Tucker) – 3:13
"It's Not Fair" (Lowe, Tulin) – 2:04
"I Happen to Love You" (Gerry Goffin, Carole King) – 3:15
Side two
"Dr. Do-Good" (Mantz, Tucker) – 2:26
"I" (Mantz, Tucker) – 5:14
"Hideaway" (Lowe, Tulin) – 2:42
"Big City" (Johnny Walsh, Dan Walsh) – 2:46
"Captain Glory" (Lowe) – 2:14
"Long Day's Flight" (Michael "Quint" Weakley, Don Yorty) – 3:12
CD bonus tracks
"Everybody Knows You're Not in Love" (Lowe, Tulin) – 3:05
"You've Never Had It Better" (Steve Poncher, R. Schwartz, P. Snagster) – 2:07
Personnel
Musicians
James Lowe – vocals, autoharp, harmonica
Ken Williams – lead guitar, effects
James "Weasel" Spagnola – rhythm guitar, vocals (tracks 2-11, 13)
Mike Gannon (uncredited) – rhythm guitar (tracks 1, 12, 14)
Mark Tulin – bass, organ, piano
Michael "Quint" Weakley – drums (tracks 2, 4, 8, 11-12)
Preston Ritter (uncredited) – drums (tracks 1, 3, 5-7, 9-10)
Technical
Dave Hassinger – producer, liner notes
Richie Podolor – engineer
Bill Cooper – engineer
Ed Thrasher – art director
Tom Tucker – photography
Covers
The track "Wind-Up Toys" was recorded as a demo by the psychedelic rock band Opal Butterfly in 1968. It has been included in psychedelic rock compilations including Psychedelic Schlemiels.
Charts
Billboard 200 (1967) - No. 172
References
The Electric Prunes albums
1967 albums
Reprise Records albums
Albums produced by David Hassinger
"" (Come, ye shepherds) is a German Christmas carol from Bohemia which was derived from a Czech carol, "". It reflects elements from the nativity story, the Annunciation to the shepherds, their walk to the manger and their Adoration, inviting to follow their example. The first, "", addresses shepherds, men, and women.
History
The text of "" was derived from a Czech carol, "". The German text was written as a free translation from the Czech original by Carl Riedel in Leipzig. It was first published under the title (The Angels and the Shepherds) in 1870 in their collection (Old-Bohemian chants for mixed choir). The song is in the tradition of shepherd songs, derived from the Annunciation to the shepherds and the Adoration of the Shepherds from the Gospel of Luke (Luke 2:8-20). Riedel's version is suited for a broad public.
The song is still popular. It is included in the Protestant hymnal Evangelisches Gesangbuch as EG 48, and in some regional sections of the Catholic hymnal Gotteslob of 1975 and its second edition, the Gotteslob of 2013.
In English, the song became known as "Come, All Ye Shepherds", translated by Mari Ruef Hofer in 1912.
Text
The Czech song "" (Bringing the news) has five stanzas. Riedel wrote a version in three stanzas of five lines each, rhyming in pairs with a concluding short last line. The beginning is "" (Come, you shepherd, men and women).
1. Kommet, ihr Hirten, ihr Männer und Fraun,
Kommet, das liebliche Kindlein zu schaun,
Christus, der Herr, ist heute geboren,
Den Gott zum Heiland euch hat erkoren.
Fürchtet euch nicht!
2. Lasset uns sehen in Bethlehems Stall,
Was uns verheißen der himmlische Schall;
Was wir dort finden, lasset uns künden,
Lasset uns preisen in frommen Weisen:
Halleluja!
3. Wahrlich, die Engel verkündigen heut
Bethlehems Hirtenvolk gar große Freud:
Nun soll es werden Friede auf Erden,
Den Menschen allen ein Wohlgefallen:
Ehre sei Gott!
Melody
In 1847, the melody was first published in the collection in Olmütz. Manuscripts are not dated but seem to stem from the first half of the 19th century. It is a bordun melody similar to folk music melodies.
References
External links
"Kommet, ihr Hirten" – Carl Riedel, Altböhmisches Weihnachtslied lieder-archiv.de
Kommet, ihr Hirten Liederprojekt von SWR2 und Carus-Verlag
Kommet, ihr Hirten Christlichen Liederdatenbank
German-language Christmas carols
19th-century hymns in German
The 2020–21 UTSA Roadrunners men's basketball team represented the University of Texas at San Antonio during the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was led by fifth-year head coach Steve Henson, and played their home games at the Convocation Center in San Antonio, Texas as members of Conference USA.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=|Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=|CUSA regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA Tournament
|-
See also
2020–21 UTSA Roadrunners women's basketball team
Notes
References
UTSA Roadrunners men's basketball seasons
UTSA Roadrunners
UTSA Roadrunners men's basketball
UTSA Roadrunners men's basketball
(A) Man Alone may refer to:
Man Alone (1923 film)
Man Alone, a 1939 novel by John Mulgan
A Man Alone (film), a 1955 Western directed by and starring Ray Milland
A Man Alone (album), 1969 studio album by Frank Sinatra
"A Man Alone" (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine), the fourth episode of the TV series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
Man alone, a literary antihero
Doulou is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,869.
References
External links
Satellite map at Maplandia.com
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Cultural icons of Australia are significant representations of the culture of Australia. They include symbols, people and creative works that are important to the Australian identity and cultural history of the country and its people.
Icons of Australia include:
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC)
AC/DC
Australian Aboriginal Flag
Australian football
Australian National Flag
Babe
Bananas in Pyjamas
Bert Newton
Baz Luhrmann
"Beds Are Burning"
Bee Gees.
Bluey
Boomerang
Cathy Freeman
Dame Edna Everage
Didgeridoo
Dingo
"Down Under"
Echidna
Emu
George Miller
Great Barrier Reef
Great Ocean Road
Happy Feet
Heath Ledger
Henley-on-Todd
INXS
Jimmy Barnes
Johnny O'Keefe
Kakadu National Park
Kangaroo
Koala
Kylie Minogue
"Love Is in the Air"
Mad Max
Paul Hogan and Michael "Crocodile" Dundee
Mount Kosciuszko
Nick Cave
Nicole Kidman
Olivia Newton-John
Picnic at Hanging Rock
Platypus
Savage Garden
Sia
Silverchair
Slim Dusty
Southern Cross
Steve Irwin and The Crocodile Hunter
Sulphur-crested cockatoo
Sydney Harbour Bridge
Sydney Opera House
Tasmanian devil
The Thorn Birds
The Wiggles
Uluru
"Waltzing Matilda"
"Working Class Man"
Vegemite
See also
Culture of Australia
Icons
Australian culture
Australia
Mahar, meaning "original inhabitants of Maharashtra" (in various languages), is an Indian caste found largely in the state of Maharashtra and neighbouring areas. Most of the Mahar community followed B. R. Ambedkar in converting to Buddhism in the middle of the 20th century. As of 2017 the Mahar caste was designated as a Scheduled Caste in 16 Indian states.
History
Historically Mahar had the role of defending village borders from outsiders, invading tribes and protecting villagers from criminals and thieves. They were also responsible for maintaining "law and order" throughout the villages in the capacity of administrators From the time of early Islamic rule, villages in Maharashtra were part of the Baluta system. In that system, different castes were assigned different roles, each with its own tasks and rights. In the Baluta system, apart from many traditional duties, the Mahar were assigned work of removing dead cows from the village. The community also started eating flesh of cows that had died naturally, and the eating of beef formed the basis for the caste being treated as untouchables. The Mahar community defends consumption of beef by saying the famines were the reason they started eating the beef. However, they were socio-economically well above most other untouchable groups because their traditional role had been important in the village administrative system, had necessitated that they had at least a rudimentary education, and frequently brought them into contact with upper-caste Hindus.
The Mahars are considered original inhabitants of Maharashtra. The community is also known as "Kathiwale" (Men with sticks), Bumiputera (Sons of the Soil), and Mirasi (Landlords). The "Kathiwale" name represents their former duty as Administrators. They lived in village land they once ruled to the east, but in separate settlements. Historically Mahar were Landlords or Vatandar, and over a period of time they turned into Balutedar, whose duties in the Baluta system included those of village watchmen, trackers of thieves, messengers, wall menders, adjudicators of boundary disputes, and suppliers of coarse cloth to the village. In return for these services, the village granted them a watan, or rights to small piece of land to do their own cultivation. The watan also included a share of village produce. They also worked at times as agricultural labourers.
Islamic Era
Under Islamic rule, Mahar served as soldiers in various armies of the Deccan Sultanates, Bahmani Sultanate, and the Mughals.
In 14th century, Mahar Bhakti saint Chokhamela, and many of their family members such as Karmamela, Banka, Nirmala, and Soyarabai became popular for their religious poetry called abhang.
Maratha era
Mahar served in various armies over several centuries. The Maratha king Shivaji Maharaj recruited a number of them into their army in the 17th century due to their loyalty and bravery. They served as guards in hill forts and as soldiers. The Mahar along with the Koli and Marathas defended the fort of Purandar from Dilirkhan's Moghul army in 1665. Later during Peshwa rule Shidnak mahar saved the life of their commander Parshurambhau Patwardhan during the Battle of Kharda in 1795.
The Mahar were subjected to degradation during the rule of the Peshwa Baji Rao II, who treated them as untouchables.
British India
Under British rule, the Mahars became aware of the scope for social and political advancement. Their traditional role had been low-status but important in the village system.
In the mid-20th century, the Mahar gave up their traditional jobs to a large extent in rural Maharashtra, and took employment in the urban mills, docks, construction sites and railways. They created a receptive body of urban workers who were ready to join a political movement for higher status and equality.
Military role under the British
During the colonial period, large numbers of Mahars and dhors were recruited for military duties by the East India Company and the British Raj. The Battle of Koregaon (1 January 1818) is commemorated by an obelisk known as the Koregaon pillarwhich was erected at the site of the battleand by a medal issued in 1851. The pillar featured on the Mahar Regiment crest until the Independence of India; it is inscribed with the names of 22 Mahars killed at the battle. The victory pillar serves as focal point of Mahar heroism.
The Mahar began their service to the East India company around 1750. 20-25% of the British Bombay Army was Mahar. Their conduct as soldiers was praised by many British officers. Mahars were a vital component of the British Marine Battalion. In the East India Company Army they participated in various wars including Second Anglo-Maratha War, Third Anglo-Maratha War, Second Anglo-Sikh War and Second Afghan War.
After the 1857 mutiny, the British decided to change their military recruitment policy One report "emphasized that we cannot practically ignore it (the caste system), so long as the natives socially maintain it". This led to the discrimination against the Mahars, other low-caste and some unreliable Brahmin castes.
Mahar recruitment reached its nadir in the early 1890s (sources differ as to exact year) when British in favour of "martial races," specially north-western communities halted recruitment of Mahars. The Mahar community attempted to confront this block with a petition circulated among the Mahar, Chamar, and Mang former soldiersall Marathi-speaking lower castesbut the movement was unable to organise and submit their petition. The attempt at a challenge had been spearheaded by Gopal Baba Walangkar, themselves a Mahar, dhor and former soldier, but they found that Mahar military pensioners were unwilling to sign because they feared that they might lose their pensions. Thus, by the beginning of World War I, there were few Mahars left in the Army.
A Mahar regiment was created during World War I but only for a few years and because of British desperation for additional troops. In 1941, the Mahar Regiment proper was created.
Mahatma Jyotirao Phule
In 1873, Jyotirao Phule, the founder of Satyashodhak Samajwhich aimed to abolish religious slavery from the influence of Brahminical scripturesorganised Mahars. At that time, Mahars were not allowed to enter Hindu temples and were considered unclean. Even their entry into the shrines of Hindu gods was restricted. Their first conference was held in Mumbai in 1903.
Shahu of Kolhapur
Shahu, the ruler of the princely state of Kolhapur, abolished Mahar watan in 1918 and freed the Mahars in their territory from the slavery imposed by the caste Hindu society of the day. They also gave them all the human rights and equality that others enjoy.
Demographics
In 1969, the Mahars constituted about 70% of the total Scheduled Caste population and also represented about 9% of population of the state of Maharashtra.
Mahar is numerically the largest Scheduled Caste in Maharashtra, according to the 2001 Census of India.
, the Mahar community was designated as a Scheduled Caste (SC) in 16 Indian states, being: Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh Assam, Chhattisgarh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Daman and Diu, Goa, Gujarat, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Telangana, West Bengal and Haryana.
Culture and Social stratification
Historically Mahar had "12 and half" endogamous subcastes, major subcastes include Somavanshi, Ladvanshi (derived from "Lata Pradesh" current Gujarat), Andhavanshi, Tilvanshi, Bawane (Bhavani Mahar),Gondvanshi, Suryavanshi, Kadvanshi and Kosare etc. These subcaste names are not totemistic.
Some of the subcaste names represent the territory they controlled or occupied and other subcaste names represent the acts their founders did. The Somavanshi Mahar trace their descent (bloodline) from Mahabharata's Pandava. The Somavanshi Mahar claim to have taken part in Mahabharata war and subsequently settled in Maharashtra. Before converting to Buddhism these subcastes would not marry and eat with one another.
The Mahars of the Deccan speak a non-standard version of Marathi. When a Mahar meets a man of their own caste a say Namastu, and when they meet anyone other than a Mahar they say Johar, said to be from the Sanskrit Yoddhar (Warrior). The Mahars belonging to different regions can't intermarry unless there is some family connection can be traced between them. The Mahars are divided into number of exogamous groups or clans or kuls. There are enough evidences found to conclude that each of the exogamous group historically owned and worshipped Devak or Totem and it is brought into prominence at the time of marriage ceremony. Members of families with a common Devak cannot intermarry.
In most of the cases Devak became obsolete and it is replaced with composite Devak called Panchpalvi composed of the leaves, of five trees.
Few examples of Panchpalvi are,
Khandesh
Arkathi
Borkathi
Jambul
Mango
Ruchkin
Poona
Mango
Pipal
Rui
Shami
Umbar
Dalit literature
According to Eleanor Zelliot, Dalit literature originated in Marathi-speaking areas of Maharashtra. They credit Ambedkar, a Mahar himself, for inspiring many Dalit writers. Baburao Bagul (1930–2008), Shankarrao Kharat, and Bandhu Madhav were early Marathi writers from the Mahar community. The Mahar writer Namdeo Dhasal (who founded Dalit Panther) was significant in the Dalit movement. Other notable Mahar authors writing in Marathi include Shantabai Kamble, Urmila Pawar, Raja Dhale, Daya Pawar, and Narendra Jadhav.
Religion
Hinduism
Before their conversion to Buddhism, the important deities of Mahar were Shiva, Khandoba, Vithoba and the varkari saints, Chokhamela, and Dnyaneshwar. Family deities of Mahars are typically Shiva, Maridevi, Bhumidevi, Navanathas and Bhavani. The Nag or king cobra was particularly revered by the community.
Christianity
In the late 19th century, Otto Weishaupt's attempts to evangelise in the Sangamner area of Ahmadnagar district met with little success with communities such as the Brahmins, Muslims and Bhils, but their efforts to promote Christianity did appeal to the Mahars there. There were also some Mahar converts to Christianity in other areas of Ahmednagar district around the early 20th century.
Buddhism
The Christian conversion movement became overshadowed by the emergence of B. R. Ambedkar's Buddhist equivalent. When they converted to Buddhism at Nagpur in 1956, many Mahars were among those of their followers who chose to do the same. As Buddhists, they gave up their traditional Hindu occupations and sought to redefine their social status. Ambedkar died about two months after this mass conversion. At the same spot, after their cremation, more Mahars were converted to Buddhism. Now, this community is the third most populous in Mumbai.
Some Buddhist leaders among the population prefer that the term Mahar no longer be applied to these converts. Buddhism appealed to the sense of equality for the Mahars; an intellectual of Mahar origin said, "I have accepted Buddhist doctrine. I am Buddhist now. I am not Mahar now, not untouchable nor even Hindu. I have become a human being".
In a 1996 book, authors De and Shastree claimed that it has been difficult for the Neo-buddhists to totally abandon the rituals, practices, and festivals of their old Hindu religion. Although one of the early buddhist convert, V R Ranpise had written a book in Marathi called Boudha Samskar Path in 1962 as a guide to their fellow converts, very few had read the book.
References
Further reading
Buddhist communities of India
Dalit communities
Scheduled Castes of Andhra Pradesh
Scheduled Castes of Assam
Scheduled Castes of Chhattisgarh
Scheduled Castes of Dadra and Nagar Haveli
Scheduled Castes of Daman and Diu
Scheduled Castes of Goa
Scheduled Castes of Gujarat
Scheduled Castes of Karnataka
Scheduled Castes of Madhya Pradesh
Scheduled Castes of Maharashtra
Scheduled Castes of Meghalaya
Scheduled Castes of Mizoram
Scheduled Castes of Rajasthan
Scheduled Castes of Telangana
Scheduled Castes of West Bengal
Yeray Patiño Blasco (born 19 May 1991), simply known as Yeray, is a Spanish footballer who plays for the Gibraltarian club Lincoln Red Imps F.C. as a midfielder.
Football career
Born in Elche, Alicante, Valencian Community, Yeray was a product of Elche CF's youth system and played their first senior games with the reserves in the 2010–11 season. On 16 May 2012, they made their professional debut, playing the last 15 minutes of a 1–3 away loss against AD Alcorcón in the Segunda División championship. They finished the 2012–13 season scoring 14 goals (3 only in promotion play-offs) in 41 appearances with the B-side, being promoted to Segunda División B.
In July 2013, after lengthy negotiations, Yeray signed a new two-year deal with the Valencians. They rescinded their link on 16 July in the following year, and subsequently joined CF La Nucía in Tercera División.
On 23 August 2015, Yeray moved to the Gibraltarian club Lincoln Red Imps F.C.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Footballers from Elche
Spanish footballers
Association football midfielders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Elche CF Ilicitano footballers
Elche CF players
Lincoln Red Imps F.C. players
Michael Stoute (born 3 February 1948) is a Barbadian former cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Barbadian male cyclists
Commonwealth Games competitors for Barbados
Cyclists at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Olympic cyclists of Barbados
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Café Zimmermann is a French classical music ensemble founded in 1998 by the violinist Pablo Valetti and the harpsichordist Céline Frisch. It is named after the original Zimmermannsches Caffeehaus in Leipzig, of Gottfried Zimmermann.
The ensemble has recorded several chamber works by Bach for the Alpha record label. The ensemble is resident at the Grand Théâtre de Provence in Aix-en-Provence.
Discography
2001: Johann Sebastian Bach, Goldberg Variations, 14 canons. Alpha 014.
2001–2011: Bach Chamber Works 6CD
2002: Charles Avison, Concertos in seven parts done from the lessons of Domenico Scarlatti. Alpha 031
2005: J-H. D'Anglebert – J-B. Lully, Pièces pour clavecin et Airs d'Opéra. Alpha 074.
2007: Johann Sebastian Bach, Weltliche Kantaten BWV 30a & BWV 207. Gustav Leonhardt. Alpha 118
2009: Dom Quichotte – Cantates et concertos comiques, Dominique Visse. Alpha 151
2018: Francesco Geminiani, Concerti grossi op.7 Nr.1-6. Alpha 396
References
External links
Site officiel
Early music groups
Dr. Thomas Edgar Underhill FRSE FRCSE (1854 – 8 May 1917) was a 19th/20th century English physician and surgeon. They were an expert on Gorham's disease and spontaneous fractures.
Life
They were born in Tipton in Staffordshire, the youngest son of Emily Margaretta Roe and their husband, Dr William Lees Underhill (1814-1894).
They studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh graduating with an MB ChB in 1876. They then joined their father as a general practitioner in Tipton before spending 27 years at Barnt Green near Bromsgrove. They lived at "Dunedin" in Barnt Green, named in homage to their alma mater.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1889. Their proposers were James Matthews Duncan, Sir John Macdonald, Lord Kingsburgh, Peter Guthrie Tait and Sir German Sims Woodhead.
They were President of the Birmingham Medical Mission and President of the Birmingham branch of the British Medical Association and of the Midland Medical Society.
Underhill died on 8 May 1917.
Family
They were married to Mary Isabel Charlton (b.1857) and together they had at least 14 children.
They were brother to Charles Edward Underhill.
Publications
Spontaneous Fractures (1886)
References
1854 births
1917 deaths
People from Tipton
19th-century British medical doctors
20th-century British medical doctors
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
In population genetics, ecotypic variation is the type of genetic variation found in large, continuous geographic populations. Variation of this kind is homogeneous, due to factors such as gene flow. In 1954 Ernst Mayr wrote a landmark paper attacking the idea that subspecies in ecotypic populations would lead to the formation of incipient species. According to Mayr, species formation occurs in populations which are small and isolated, that is, populations which exemplified typostrophic variation.
Notes
Population genetics
Aşağıovacık is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 50 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
"The Plan" (officially titled "The Plan (From the Motion Picture "TENET")") is a song by American rapper Travis Scott. It was released on August 22, 2020, as the theme song from the soundtrack to the film Tenet. The film's writer and director Christopher Nolan described the track as "the final piece of a yearlong puzzle". It is Scott's first original song written for a film.
Background
The song was announced by Scott via their social media on August 18, 2020, along with the cover art. The announcement coincided with the sixth anniversary of their breakout mixtape Days Before Rodeo. A snippet of the track was played during an NBA on TNT trailer, in which Scott stated: "This is my first original song for a film, which is actually fire 'cause I kinda wouldn't want it any other way". It premiered during the 2020 NBA Clippers/Mavericks playoffs game and was released at 12 AM Eastern US Time on August 22.
The song was recorded with producer Ludwig Göransson, who composed the soundtrack and score for Tenet at all the individual artists' homes during the COVID-19 lockdown. The song was produced by Göransson, along with Canadian producer WondaGurl. Scott watched Tenet prior to its release and said in their cover story interview for the September issue of GQ magazine they could not explain the film, calling it "very fire". During that interview, which took place in early July 2020, they accidentally played "The Plan" for the magazine's writer Gerrick D. Kennedy, who labeled the song a "brain-liquefying trip through time and space".
The film's writer/producer/director Christopher Nolan said Scott's contribution to the long delayed film was "the final piece of a yearlong puzzle". Nolan praised Scott's vision:
Cover art
The cover art consists of a "moody" image of Tenets lead actor John David Washington, floating in red space with the title of the film and the song inscribed in the right corner.
Charts
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Travis Scott songs
Songs written by Travis Scott
Songs written by Ludwig Göransson
Songs written by WondaGurl
Warner Records singles
Songs written for films
Henry Lawrence Island is an island of the Andaman Islands. It belongs to the South Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The island is located northeast of Port Blair.
Etymology
Henry Lawrence island is named after Brigadier-general Sir Henry Montgomery Lawrence.
Geography
The island belongs to the Ritchie's Archipelago and is located between John Lawrence Island and Inglis Island. it is the second largest Island of the Ritchie's Archipelago, it has an area of 54.7 km2.
Administration
Politically, Henry Lawrence Island is part of Port Blair Taluk.
Demographics
The island is uninhabited.
Image gallery
References
Ritchie's Archipelago
Islands of South Andaman district
Islands of the Andaman Sea
Uninhabited islands of India
Calavera is an Italian adult comic book featuring a female character with razor claws named Francisca Calavera. It was created by Enrico Teodorani, published in Italy by E.F. edizioni, and in the U.S. by Carnal Comics as Calavera: Beautiful, Bloody & Bare.
Calavera is a Dr. Frankenstein's creature, but they hate their creator as they hate all monsters. In their adventures they have been a professional killer, a prostitute, a monster-huntress and a superhero, and has crossed paths with other independent comics characters such as Marat Mychaels' Demonslayer, David Quinn and Tim Vigil's Faust, Tim Tyler's Blood Reign and Devil Jack, Bill Black's Femforce, Jason Crawley's Bloke and Ju Gomez's PsychoHunter and Son of 6. Special guest artists on the comic have included Joe Vigil, Tim Vigil, Jeff Austin, Tim Tyler, Jason Crager, Marat Mychaels, Ju Gomez and Jason Waltrip.
External links
Enrico Teodorani's blog
E.F.edizioni
Carnal Comics
Erotic comics
Italian comics titles
The Ballarat Gaol, a former maximum security prison for males, females and children, is located in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. Replacing temporary structures including prison hulks in the Bay of Port Phillip and holding yards in Ballarat, the gaol operated between 1862 and 1965.
The remaining gate, gate house, and cloisters are now home to the Collaborative Research Centre in Australian History (CRCAH) of Federation University Australia.
History and structure
The report of the Select Committee on Prison Discipline of September 1857 recommended gaol buildings replace the Port Phillip Bay prison hulks. The inquiry recommended adopting London's Pentonvillle design of 1842 to build the gaols. This prison design carried on a revolution begun in 1829 by Eastern State Penitentiary in Philadelphia. The complex was based on a central hall from which radiated wings of cells. The principle of the design being that one guard would stand in the centre of the hall and at one glance survey all cells.
The construction of the gaol began in 1856 and the first cell blocks were completed by 1857. It was completed in 1862 with 58 cells designed to hold a mixture of 74 male and female prisoners. In 1862 a tunnel was constructed to join the gaol to the adjacent Ballarat Courthouse, allowing for the safe transfer of prisoners.
In 1872 Captain Moonlite, a bushranger and Anglican clergyman, escaped from the gaol.
The prison was closed in 1965.
Current use
Most of the gaol was demolished to allow the School of Mines Ballarat to expand onto the site. The remaining structures at the site include the main gate, warden's residence and governor's residence. These buildings are now used by Federation University. The old warden's residence is now home to the Australian Centre for Research into Injury in Sports and its Prevention (ACRISP).
The site is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
Executions
During its time in use as a gaol, the following individuals were executed by public hanging at Ballarat Gaol:
References
Gaol
Defunct prisons in Victoria (Australia)
History of Victoria (Australia)
Geneva Basin (originally Indianhead Ski Area) opened in 1963. Geneva Basin was developed by an Illinois family after their Indianhead Ski Area in Michigan, (now Indianhead Mountain Resort). Indianhead went into foreclosure in 1965 and the property was sold at auction to former Colorado Governor Roy Romer and the Walter J. Burke family. In 1974 the ski area was sold to an investment group from Kansas who expanded the number of ski trails and chairlifts.
They later sold the ski area to an investment group based in Kansas in 1972. By 1974, this group installed a Heron-Poma double chair that replaced the Sundance T-bar. The group ran into financial trouble early on and the ski area changed hands numerous times from the mid-70s to mid-80s. During the numerous ownership changeovers the ski area facilities and maintenance severely declines. During 1984, an empty chair on the Duck Creek lift fell from the cable. This prompted the Colorado Tramway Board to shut the ski area down until the maintenance issues were resolved. Unfortunately, the owners were unable to accomplish this. At the conclusion of the 1983/84 ski season, skier visits totaled 24,490 in what would be Geneva Basin Ski Area's final season.
The property was sold again to another investment group in 1985 with ambitious plans to revitalize the ski area. During the summer, the Duck Creek chair lift was removed and installation of a new Borvig triple chair began, which was to be called the Phoenix lift. The new lift ran parallel to the former Duck Creek lift but farther right, making the high-speed poma serving the bowl unnecessary. The investors soon had financial troubles and were not able to pay Borvig for the completion of the chairlift. Upgrades ceased and Borvig never installed the lift's drive unit or chairs. The Geneva Basin owners went into bankruptcy and creditors stripped the ski area of everything from snowcats, lift parts, snowmaking components, to dining room chairs. The area was abandoned for 8 years.
Another revival was proposed in 1991 when Michael Marsh, a local contractor from Aurora, Colorado made a proposal to the U.S. Forest Service to operate the ski area. Their plan was to reopen the existing facilities and complete the snow-making system. According to the proposal, the ski area would require $3,000,000 for improvements and would create 20-30 jobs. The plans included the renaming of the ski area to Alpine Valley. According to newspaper articles, the Forest Service was not opposed to the proposal, however, nothing became of the project. Two more proposals were entertained by the Forest Service in 1992, but nothing amounted from them either.
By November 1993, voters were asked to approve a recreation tax designed to finance the ski area's reopening. By 2:1 margin, voters widely opposed the tax for reopening the ski area. "The voters figured out that the tax wasn't the proper action for the county and it wasn't properly planned," said County Commissioner Jim Coggin, an opponent. Potentially complicating the scenario was the fact that most Colorado territorial County lines were drawn in the mid-18th Century as straight-lines. Unfortunately, the east–west line separating Park and Clear Creek counties literally runs down the middle of the ski area.
The Forest Service did not wait long to take action at Geneva Basin. Two days after the failed Park County ballot to save Geneva Basin, Forest Service officials decided to burn down the ski lodge to avoid further vandalism and any associated liability. Park County commissioner, Rickard Trast said, "It wasn't so much what was done as how it was done. Now, I'd rather have us look at what is the future of Geneva Basin and where do we go from here." Former owner, Roy Romer said, "I helped build it, so it made me kind of sad...There goes my walk-in refrigerator." Forest supervisor Jack Weissling later sent Park County officials a letter of apology for not properly informing citizens of the method for demolition.
References
Buildings and structures in Clear Creek County, Colorado
Buildings and structures in Park County, Colorado
Defunct ski areas and resorts in Colorado
1963 establishments in Colorado
1984 disestablishments
The 43rd Cavalry Division was a cavalry division of the Red Army during World War II.
It was one of the first cavalry divisions formed after the start of the war. The unit was formed in the North Caucasus Military District using the cadre and troops of the district's cavalry training grounds.
Combat service
Declared ready for combat less than a week after formation the division was in the 21st Army by 19 July 1941. The next day the division was assigned to the Batskelevich Cavalry Group under the command of the 32nd Cavalry Division's commander. In July and August 1941 the group and the division raided into the rear areas and flanks of the German 2nd Army and 2nd Panzer Group south of Smolensk. In September 1941 the division was assigned as the mobile reserve group for the 21st Army and remained there until the end of the year.
The division took part in the Soviet Winter counteroffensive but the division like all the other units in the Southwestern Front was severely worn down prior to the start of the offensive. The remnants of the division were disbanded on 9 February 1942 to provide replacements for other cavalry units assigned to the front.
Subordinate units
35th Cavalry Regiment
38th Cavalry Regiment
40th Cavalry Regiment
See also
Cavalry Divisions of the Soviet Union 1917-1945
References
043
Military units and formations established in 1941
Military units and formations disestablished in 1942
Cavalry divisions of the Soviet Union
The Fiji white-eye (Zosterops explorator) is a species of passerine bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. The species is also known as Layard's white-eye.
It is endemic to the islands of Viti Levu, Vanua Levu, Taveuni, Kadavu, and Ovalau in Fiji, where it is a common bird of forests. Where it co-occurs with the closely related silvereye it is more common in denser forest.
It is a typical small white-eye of the genus Zosterops, similar in appearance to the silvereye, although the plumage is much yellower, it is chunkier and has a complete eye-ring. The back is olive green and the throat and belly yellow. The call is described as "a high pitched seeu-seeu".
The Fiji white-eye feeds by gleaning insects from shrubs and trees. It will join mixed-species feeding flocks with other Fijian birds, including silvereyes. It also feeds lower down in the trees than silvereyes.
References
Fiji white-eye
Endemic birds of Fiji
Fiji white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
William Goldsmith alias Smith (by 1475 – 1517), of Gloucester, was an English politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Gloucester in 1512.
References
15th-century births
1517 deaths
English MPs 1512–1514
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Gloucester
Masumiyet (Innocence) is a 1997 Turkish dramatic film directed by Zeki Demirkubuz and starring Derya Alabora, Haluk Bilginer and Güven Kıraç. It was followed by a prequel Kader produced in 2006.
Cast
Derya Alabora as Uğur
Haluk Bilginer as Bekir
Güven Kıraç as Yusuf
Melis Tuna
External links
Film page on Filmpot
1997 films
1990s Turkish-language films
1997 drama films
Golden Orange Avni Tolunay Jury Special Award winners
Best Picture Golden Boll Award winners
Films directed by Zeki Demirkubuz
Films set in İzmir
Turkish drama films
Films shot in İzmir
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Sayō, Sayō District, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, It is operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Ishii Station is served by the Chizu Line and is 27.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of one side platforms serving a single bi-directional track and an embankment. It is connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Chizu Express
History
Ishii Station opened on December 3, 1994.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 5 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Japan National Route 373
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Officialhome page
Railway stations in Hyōgo Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1994
Sayō, Hyōgo
"Tócame" is a song by Brazilian singer Anitta, released through Warner Records on July 10, 2020. The track features American singers Arcángel and De La Ghetto.
Background
On June 2, 2020, an Asian website leaked the alleged cover and release date of the single, titled "Tócame", which would be released on June 12. On July 2, Anitta officially released the cover and release date.
Live performances
Anitta performed the song for the first time on July 11, 2020, at the Altas Horas. On August 21, they performed at The Late Late Show with James Corden.
Music video
The music video was directed by Giovanni Bianco, with their scenes being recorded using drones in order to avoid contact between people due to the pandemic of COVID-19. The clip features the participation of the singer's ex-boyfriend, Gui Araújo, anonymous dancing in their apartments and slabs, in addition to the guest artists.
Charts
Certifications and sales
References
Anitta (singer) songs
Arcángel (singer) songs
Songs written by Anitta (singer)
Songs written by Ryan Tedder
Song recordings produced by Ryan Tedder
2020 singles
Warner Records singles
2020 songs
Songs written by Andrés Torres (producer)
Song recordings produced by Andrés Torres (producer)
Songs written by Mauricio Rengifo
George Green (1896 – 17 April 1939) was an Australian murderer, convicted of killing two women in November 1938 in the Melbourne suburb of Glenroy, Victoria. The case against Green substantially relied on circumstantial and forensic evidence. Green was executed at Pentridge Prison in April 1939. Green was the fifth of eleven people to be hanged at Pentridge Prison after the closure of Melbourne Gaol in 1924.
Biography
Early life and crimes
George Green was born in 1896 in the inner Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy, the son of Thomas Green and Ada Kennedy.
In 1912 George Green, aged 16 years, was charged with stealing a football from Frank Kelsey at the Powlett Reserve, East Melbourne. In 1919 Green was described as a ward of the State, with relatives residing in Napier Street, Fitzroy. They were reported to be in possession of a suit of clothes belonging to Ernest Summerland, stolen from the St. Kilda Baths. Green served several gaol sentences and was known to the police under a number of aliases: George Day, George May, Malcolm Dalgetty and George Porter. They committed offences in New South Wales and Victoria, which included theft, assault, resisting the police and indecent language. In about 1936 they were convicted of robbery in company, for which they received 12 months imprisonment.
Since about 1933 Green "worked in the sewer", but by late 1938 they had begun working as a chimney sweep. In evidence given at their trial Green claimed they had worked as a chimney sweep as early as about 1933. By November 1838 Green was living with the Aitken family in Bamfield Road, West Heidelberg. The householders, Alexander and Isabella Aitken, were the parents of Violet Read (or Reid), with whom Green had lived for a number of years. Read left the household a few days before Green's arrest in mid-November 1839.
The Glenroy murders
On Saturday night, 12 November 1938, Miss Annie Wiseman, aged 63 years, and their niece, Miss Phyllis Wiseman, aged 17 years, were attacked by an intruder and strangled in their home in the northern Melbourne suburb of Glenroy. The murdered women were discovered the following morning, each in their respective bedrooms, by Laura Barrett, sister of the older woman. The brick house, owned by Annie Wiseman, was on the corner of Melbourne Avenue and Salisbury Street, opposite the Glenroy railway station; it stood well back from the street and was surrounded by an extensive garden. The Government pathologist subsequently determined that Phyllis Wiseman had died of asphyxia caused by pressure on their neck, probably from "having been forced against the angle iron of the bed". Annie Wiseman died "due to asphyxia from throttling", with bruises at the back of their head "consistent with them having been bumped up and down on the floor". There were also indications that the younger woman had been sexually assaulted.
Detectives investigating the scene found that the sill of one of the front bedroom windows had been wiped clean with a wet towel. A number of burnt matches were found strewn on the floor of both bedrooms and the bathroom, indicating the killer had used them for light as they carried out their crimes. A shopping bag was found in the bathroom, its contents, including a quantity of small change, scattered over the floor. Beside the body of the elder woman a police officer found a piece of paper folded in four – a portion of a receipted milk bill given to a Mrs. Olive Thomas in September 1938. On the back of the paper was written "Mrs. Hewitt, 118 Collins Street, Thornbury". When Mrs. Thomas, living in Coburg, was interviewed by detectives they told them that a chimney sweep named George Green had called at their house on November 7. They had informed Green of a house in Thornbury with chimneys they knew were dirty, it being a house they had recently vacated and had sold to Mary Hewitt. Green indicated they might call there. Mrs. Thomas had written Hewitt's address on a section torn off the top of the milk bill receipt (the portion showing their name and their previous Thornbury Street address) to show Mrs. Hewitt it was they who had sent the chimney sweep.
As a result of the evidence of the milkman's receipt found at the murder scene, and the subsequent information given by Olive Thomas, the local police were instructed to search for George Green, now a suspect in the Glenroy murder investigation. On November 17 Constable Francis Maher apprehended Green as they left a house in Fairfield and brought them to the Thornbury Police Station. From Thornbury Green was taken to the Detective Office in Russell Street. Green admitted to receiving the note from Mrs. Thomas in Coburg, but claimed to have later given it to "two sweeps at Merlynston".
When asked about their movements during the afternoon and night of Saturday, November 12, Green said they went by bicycle to the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel in Heidelberg in the afternoon. They said they left the hotel at about 6.30 p.m., at which stage they were "pretty full". As they cycled away, near Victoria Street Green asserted that they got off the bicycle to have a "sleep off" on a vacant allotment. When they woke during the night they returned to the house in Bamfield Road, arriving there at about one o'clock on the Sunday morning.
The police were now confident the evidence they had gathered indicated that Green was in the house on the night if the murders. They were charged with the murders of the two women at Glenroy and at the City Court on November 18, they were remanded in custody to enable police to carry out further inquiries.
The gathering of evidence
The Government Analyst, Charles Taylor, was given the task of examining clothing from the murder scene and the suspected murderer. They found white hairs on Green's brown coat, inside the leg of the trousers and on the lining of the vest. These hairs were identical with hairs Taylor had collected from the collar of Annie Wiseman's dressing gown and from the carpet of the front bedroom. They also examined Annie Wiseman's hair in the City Morgue and found they were identical in colour and texture, and similar in length to the other hairs they had examined.
The analyst examined dirt from Green's clothing and found that it consisted of soot, sand grains and mineral ash. A mark found on Annie Wiseman's pyjamas, "which looked as though a dirty hand had grabbed them", contained carbon particles. They also found smears of blood and dirt consisting of carbon particles on Phyllis Wiseman's pyjamas.
On November 22 a railway cleaner found a nickel-plated bicycle pump beside the railway line at Glenroy opposite the house where the murders had occurred, and handed it to the police. When Detective Delmenico examined the bicycle pump, they found a hair adhering to the rubber connection. They took it to the Government Analyst, who determined it was a horsehair. Samples of hair were later taken from a chestnut horse belonging to Alexander Aitken, in whose house Green was living, which were identical in colour, texture and length to the hair found on the bicycle pump connection. The connection was also found to contain particles of soot, sand grains and mineral dust.
Police and several Aboriginal trackers investigated the ground in the vicinity of the house at Glenroy on November 22. Tyre tracks were found that indicated a bicycle had been wheeled along a sandy path near the house, across the railway line, over a fence and onto the main road. Bicycle tyre tracks with the same imprint were identified within the grounds of Annie Wiseman's house, which matched the tyre pattern of Green's bicycle. Boot imprints were also found in the yard as well as near the railway line. The boot marks found at the scene corresponded to the boots worn by Green. A railway ganger named Henry Hewitt of Glenroy told police they had seen a man enter the front gate of Miss Wiseman's house at about 10.20 p.m. on November 12. The man was wheeling a bicycle, but Hewitt said they were unable to identify him.
Maureen Brannigan of Glenroy related a conversation to police that they had with Green when they cleaned the chimney of their house in July 1938. The chimney sweep had told them that Miss Wiseman "was a very good woman" who "always read a chapter of the Bible to them when they were sweeping their chimneys, and usually gave them a couple of shillings more than their usual change". For their part, Green denied they had ever cleaned chimneys at Miss Wiseman's house, claiming they had only ever canvassed there.
An inquest into the deaths of Annie and Phyllis Wiseman was held by the City Coroner on 19 and 20 December 1939 at the Melbourne City Morgue. Green, being held in custody, attended the inquest, as did their solicitor.
Trial and sentencing
The trial of George Green commenced on Monday, 20 February 1939, in the Melbourne Criminal Court before Justice Lowe. The accused man pleaded not guilty to the charges. Green was defended by the barrister, Leo Little (instructed by the solicitor, Joseph Barnett). In their opening address the Crown Prosecutor, Clifford Book, said the Crown's case relied on circumstantial evidence. They observed that the intruder had probably entered the house in order to steal, but “he did not hesitate to kill the women in the commission of their crime”. Book explained that the portion of a milk bill found beside Annie Wiseman's body was the primary piece of evidence which pointed to the accused. The docket had obviously been left behind inadvertently by the murderer, having "fallen from their pocket while they had been struggling with the woman". Even though there was no witness who had actually seen the accused enter the Wiseman home, Book said the Crown would detail "a remarkable chain of circumstances" that would prove that Green was the murderer.
Green gave evidence on the fourth day of the trial. During their period on the stand they were handed the bicycle pump found at Glenroy, and denied it was the one from the bicycle they had ridden. Green was then handed a second pump, which was found at Heidelberg and handed to police in December 1938. They claimed this pump was "exactly the same as the one which had disappeared from their bicycle". At the request of their defence barrister Green walked to the front of the jury box and attempted to fit the second pump onto the bicycle, however it did not fit the lugs and fell off in their hands. Green responded by saying, "It seems to me that the clip has been knocked down".
On the final day of the trial, 25 February 1939, the defence barrister, Leo Little, in their final address, "impressed upon the jury the necessity for regarding with caution the circumstantial evidence relied upon by the Crown". They pointed to the absence of any fingerprint evidence and claimed the prosecution had failed to prove Green was within eight miles of the Wiseman home on the night of the murders. The jury retired mid-afternoon and returned to the court after five and three-quarter hours to return guilty verdicts on both counts of murder. When they were asked by the judge's associate if they had anything to say before sentence was passed upon him, Green replied, "No, nothing". The prisoner was sentenced to death by Justice Lowe. It was reported that several women in the court began to weep when the sentence was being pronounced. Among them was Isabella Aitken, in whose household Green was living at the time of the murders. Aitken "was borne out of court weeping disconsolately".
On March 4 an appeal against their conviction and sentence of death for the Glenroy murders was lodged on Green's behalf by their solicitor. On 10 March 1939, after a two-day hearing, the Court of Criminal Appeal dismissed George Green's appeal. The Court was made up of the Chief Justice, Sir Frederick Mann, Justice Gavan Duffy and Justice Martin. The decision to dismiss the appeal was a majority one, with the Chief Justice dissenting. The judges differed in their views of the importance of the finding of a second bicycle pump at Heidelberg, as it related to justification for a new trial. Green's instructing solicitor, Joseph Barnett, indicated that the High Court of Australia would be asked for special leave to appeal against the decision.
On Wednesday, 22 March 1939, the Full Bench of the High Court unanimously dismissed an application by Green for special leave to appeal against their conviction and sentence of death. In summing up the Chief Justice, Sir John Latham, said that in their opinion "the evidence now relied upon was fully available to the accused at the time of the trial". They added, "Further, if the evidence were given and believed, it would not have been decisive".
Execution
George Green was hanged on the morning of 17 April 1939 at Pentridge Prison, Coburg. Before being taken from their cell to the scaffold, they were asked by the Sheriff if they had anything to say before they died. Green said they had heard that a newspaper claimed they had confessed to the crimes, but they wished to say they had made no confession of guilt. Green was buried in the grounds of Pentridge Prison.
The Victims
Phyllis Vivien Wiseman – born on 24 May 1921 in Glenroy, Victoria, the daughter of Arthur Ernest Wiseman (brother of Annie C. Wiseman) and Alice (née Wiseman); their father was a solicitor who practised law in Melbourne, later giving up their practise to devote themselves to pastoral interests; they farmed at Glenroy before transferring their interests to Gippsland; in about 1936 the family relocated to Trafalgar in West Gippsland; while the family were living in Glenroy Phyllis was educated at the Lowther Hall Anglican Girls' Grammar School at Essendon; in about mid-1838 Phyllis came to Melbourne where they were employed as a typist at the Kodak works at Abbotsford; they usually stayed with their unmarried aunt, Miss Annie Wiseman, from Thursday night to Sunday night, and the remainder of the week with their aunt and uncle, Laura and Rowland Barrett, in nearby Pascoe Vale Road; their father died suddenly at Trafalgar in September 1938; Phyllis Wiseman was murdered by Green at the home of their aunt, Annie Wiseman, on the night of 12 November 1938, aged 17 years.
Annie Constance Wiseman – born on 4 July 1875 in the inner Melbourne suburb of Hawthorn, Victoria, the youngest daughter of Albert Wiseman and Hannah (née Parker); lived in the house in Melbourne Avenue, Glenroy, since about 1918; Miss Wiseman owned "several properties in the district" and "had the reputation in the neighbourhood of being a rich woman"; they were "respected throughout the district, and was well known for their ardent work for the Church of England"; Annie Wiseman was murdered by Green at their home on the night of 12 November 1938, aged 63 years.
References
1896 births
1939 deaths
20th-century executions by Australia
Australian people convicted of murder
Executed Australian people
People convicted of murder by Victoria (Australia)
People executed by Australia by hanging
People executed by Victoria (Australia)
People executed for murder
Bin Roye Ansoo ( ; lit: Tears, Without Crying) is a novella by Pakistani fiction writer Farhat Ishtiaq, published in 2010. Bin Roye Ansoo was first published in Khawateen Digest as a story in its complete novel section. In 2010, story was published as a novel by Ilm-o-Irfan Publishers.
Plot summary
The story revolves around Saba Shafiq, who is in love with their cousin Irtaza. But they treat them like their best friend, not a love interest. Irtaza then leaves for the United States of America for two years, where they meet Saman Shafiq, who is their cousin and falls in love with them Saman is Saba's elder sister, and they were given to their uncle and aunt as a child. Saman's adoptive parents die in a plane crash which was headed to Germany, and Irtaza returns them to Pakistan. Upon learning they have an elder sister, Saba is at first overjoyed, but their happiness quickly turns to disdain when they find out that Irtaza and Saman are engaged. In a moment of shock and despair after witnessing their marriage and realizing Irtaza is now Saman's, Saba wishes that Saman had died along with their adoptive parents in the plane crash.
Saman and Irtaza decided to live in America after their marriage. A few years later, Irtaza and Saman come to Karachi with their son Maaz. On Maaz's birthday, Saman plans to get a birthday cake and some flowers for their mother. However, tragedy occurs as Saman is hit by a bus in front of Saba. Irtaza calls takes them to hospital immediately, however, Saman dies en route. Meanwhile, as Maaz is a child in need of a mother's love, Irtaza is being suggested to marry Saba, but they decline. Saba marries Safeer. Saba is being told by Safeer that they plan to marry a Canadian. Saba asks Safeer to do what they want but to not divorce them at any cost. Soon Irtaza learns that Safeer has married in Canada and has a son and the fact Saba knew all this but kept it secret angers him, so they confront Saba upon their return, who cries and tells them that they don't want to get divorced. However, Irtaza drags them to their family and tells them the truth. Their family is shocked and they make Safeer divorce Saba. Saba's dying mother wishes Saba and Irtaza to get married. They get married on their mother's death bed. Saba has difficulty accepting their marriage and moving past their trauma, feeling that they might be the cause of Saman's death. After a dramatic turn of events, Irtaza finally learns the whole story and, recognizing the purity of Saba's love for him, they declare their love for them
Adaptations
Film
Bin Roye was developed by Hum TV's senior producer Momina Duraid under their company MD Productions. Cinematographer Shahzad Kashmiri came on board as a co-director with Duraid. Made on a budget of , it opened on 400 screens worldwide on Eid-ul-Fitr (July 18) 2015 under the banner of Hum Films in Pakistan and under B4U Films in international markets excluding Pakistan and the Middle-East. Both a domestic and international box office success, it earned Rs30.75 crore ($3.0 million) worldwide and went on to become the third highest-grossing film of Pakistan behind Waar and Jawani Phir Nahi Ani.
Television
Before the film adaptation was released, a television series was planned by Hum TV in 2015 in collaboration with the channel's own production house MD Productions. The series was scheduled to air as Bin Roye on October 2, 2016 with the same cast and crew.
References
External links
Bin Roye Ansoo at Goodreads
Urdu-language fiction
Farhat Ishtiaq
Urdu-language novels
Pakistani romance novels
Pakistani novels
The Ramp () is a steep rocky slope 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) inland from Cape Evans, Ross Island. The slope is 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) long and rises to 50 m. Descriptively named by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13.
Rock formations of the Ross Dependency
Landforms of Ross Island
General Stevens may refer to:
Clement H. Stevens (1821–1864), Confederate States Army brigadier general
Ebenezer Stevens (1751–1823), New York State Militia major general in the American Revolutionary War
Hestor L. Stevens (1803–1864), New York State Militia major general
Isaac Stevens (1818–1862), Union Army brigadier general posthumously promoted to major general
Jack Stevens (1896–1969), Australian Army major general
John Harvey Stevens (died 1866), Royal Marines major general
Joyce L. Stevens (fl. 1970s–2010s), U.S. Army major general
Walter H. Stevens (1827–1867), Confederate States Army brigadier general
William George Stevens (1893–1975), New Zealand Military Forces major general
Keith Gledhill (February 16, 1911 – June 2, 1999) was an American tennis player of the 1930s.
Playing career
In 1929 Gledhill won the national junior singles and, partnering Ellsworth Vines, doubles title. They attended Stanford University and in 1931, became the second Stanford player to win the NCAA Men's Singles Championship. In 1932, Gledhill and partner Joe Coughlin won the NCAA Doubles Championship.
In Grand Slam events, Gledhill and partner Ellsworth Vines won the doubles championship at the U.S. Championships in 1932. Six months later, Gledhill and Vines won the 1933 Australian Championships doubles title. In that tournament, Gledhill also recorded their best Grand Slam singles result. In the quarter finals, Gledhill was 2 sets to 0 and 5–3 down against the finalist of the previous three years, Harry Hopman, but fought back to win. Gledhill then beat Vivian McGrath before losing in the final to Jack Crawford.
In 1930 and 1933 Gledhill reached the final in the singles event of the Pacific Coast Championships on Los Angeles, but lost both finals to George Lott and Lester Stoefen respectively.
Gledhill turned professional in early 1934 and joined a tour with Bill Tilden and Vines.
Grand Slam finals
Singles (1 runner-up)
Doubles (2 titles)
References
External links
1911 births
1999 deaths
American male tennis players
Australian Championships (tennis) champions
Sportspeople from Santa Barbara, California
Stanford Cardinal men's tennis players
Tennis people from California
United States National champions (tennis)
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in men's doubles
Professional tennis players before the Open Era
Norman Stanley Glockson (June 15, 1894 – August 5, 1955) was a Major League Baseball catcher and National Football League guard
Glockson played in seven games for the Cincinnati Reds in . They also played in one game for the Racine Legion football team in 1922.
External links
Football stats from Pro-Football-Reference
Cincinnati Reds players
1894 births
1955 deaths
Baseball players from Illinois
Racine Legion players
Players of American football from Illinois
Newport News Shipbuilders players
Rockford Rox players
Rock Island Islanders players
Minor league baseball managers
Sportspeople from Maywood, Illinois
In botany, a follicle is a dry unilocular fruit formed from one carpel, containing two or more seeds. It is usually defined as dehiscing by a suture in order to release seeds, for example in Consolida (some of the larkspurs), peony and milkweed (Asclepias).
Some difficult cases exist however, so that the term indehiscent follicle is sometimes used, for example with the genus Filipendula, which has indehiscent fruits that could be considered intermediate between a (dehiscent) follicle and an (indehiscent) achene.
An aggregate fruit that consists of follicles may be called a follicetum. Examples include hellebore, aconite, Delphinium, Aquilegia or the family Crassulaceae, where several follicles occur in a whorl on a shortened receptacle, or Magnolia, which has many follicles arranged in a spiral on an elongated receptacle.
The follicles of some species dehisce by the ventral suture (as in Banksia), or by the dorsal suture (as in Magnolia).
References
External links
Fruit morphology
Dorcadion regulare is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1931. It is known from Bulgaria, Turkey and Greece.
Subspecies
Dorcadion regulare dramaticum Pesarini & Sabbadini, 2010
Dorcadion regulare regulare Pic, 1931
Dorcadion regulare sapkaianum Kretschmer, 1987
References
regulare
Beetles described in 1931
A commodities exchange is an exchange, or market, where various commodities are traded. Most commodity markets around the world trade in agricultural products and other raw materials (like wheat, barley, sugar, maize, cotton, cocoa, coffee, milk products, pork bellies, oil, and metals). Trading includes and various types of derivatives contracts based on these commodities, such as forwards, futures and options, as well as spot trades (for immediate delivery).
A futures contract provides that an agreed quantity and quality of the commodity will be delivered at some agreed future date. A farmer raising corn can sell a futures contract on their corn, which will not be harvested for several months, and gets a guarantee of the price they will be paid when they deliver; a breakfast cereal producer buys the contract and gets a guarantee that the price will not go up when it is delivered. This protects the farmer from price drops and the buyer from price rises. Speculators and investors also buy and sell these contracts to try to make a profit; they provide liquidity to the system.
Some of these exchanges also trade financial derivatives, such as interest rate and foreign exchange futures, as well as other instruments such as ocean freight contracts and environmental instruments. In some cases these are mentioned in the lists below.
Major commodity exchanges
Chicago Board of Trade
Chicago Mercantile Exchange
New York Mercantile Exchange
Commodity exchanges across the world
Main commodity exchanges worldwide:
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Oceania
See also
Commodity market
Commodity trading in private electronic markets
List of futures exchanges
List of traded commodities
References
Agricultural economics
Mineral economics
Waterloo is a census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California. Waterloo sits at an elevation of . The 2020 United States census reported Waterloo's population was 670.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 5.4 square miles (14.1 km), all of it land.
Demographics
The 2010 United States Census reported that Waterloo had a population of 572. The population density was . The racial makeup of Waterloo was 450 (78.7%) White, 0 (0.0%) African American, 5 (0.9%) Native American, 21 (3.7%) Asian, 1 (0.2%) Pacific Islander, 77 (13.5%) from other races, and 18 (3.1%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 152 persons (26.6%).
The Census reported that 572 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 210 households, out of which 59 (28.1%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 137 (65.2%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 17 (8.1%) had a female householder with no husband present, 10 (4.8%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 9 (4.3%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 1 (0.5%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 38 households (18.1%) were made up of individuals, and 21 (10.0%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72. There were 164 families (78.1% of all households); the average family size was 3.07.
The population was spread out, with 117 people (20.5%) under the age of 18, 46 people (8.0%) aged 18 to 24, 103 people (18.0%) aged 25 to 44, 205 people (35.8%) aged 45 to 64, and 101 people (17.7%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.1 years. For every 100 females, there were 105.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.0 males.
There were 224 housing units at an average density of , of which 160 (76.2%) were owner-occupied, and 50 (23.8%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 0.6%; the rental vacancy rate was 3.8%. 421 people (73.6% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 151 people (26.4%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in San Joaquin County, California
Census-designated places in California
The Venice Community Housing Corporation (VCHC) was formed in 1988 by a group of grassroots activists who were interested in preserving affordable housing in the Venice neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, United States. Since that time, VCHC has grown to a comprehensive community development corporation with family support programs, gang prevention programs, job training and affordable housing.
Mission
VCHC's mission is to preserve the economic, racial and social diversity of Venice and the surrounding area, by maximizing affordable housing, economic and community development opportunities and by providing needed social services to low income residents, while ignoring the desires of local residents with our mission only at heart.
History
The community of Venice has historically opened its doors to a wide diversity of people, including many African Americans restricted from home ownership in other parts of Los Angeles, low-income Latinos displaced by freeway development, starving artists, wandering youth and older citizens on fixed incomes. In 1988, the Mayor's Blue Ribbon Committee for Affordable Housing identified an emerging housing crisis in Los Angeles, fueled –- especially on the coast –- by escalating rents and property values. The resulting gentrification was already threatening the rich diversity that made up the Venice community. The same year, VCHC was founded with a mission to preserve, maintain and expand affordable housing opportunities for low-income families in Venice and the surrounding neighborhoods. In 1994, responding to heightened gang violence in these neighborhoods, VCHC broadened its mission to add economic development opportunities and family support services.
Background
Affordable housing deregulation and welfare reform have compounded the housing problem in Venice, but residents face additional barriers to success. Venice's Oakwood neighborhood and adjacent Mar Vista are pockets of extreme poverty and crime in the midst of an otherwise relatively affluent part of the City. The Los Angeles Police Department has reported that 90% of the crime in the Pacific policing division occurs in the two square miles of Oakwood and Mar Vista.
Programs and Services
VCHC offers a variety of programs that work synergistically to foster stable, self-reliant individuals, families and neighborhoods. These include:
Affordable Housing
VCHC's flagship program, provides 175 units of affordable housing in 13 buildings in Venice and Mar Vista, including a 32-bed transitional shelter for formerly homeless mothers and their children and 31 units dedicated for formerly homeless individuals who have substance abuse and/or mental health issues.
Tenant Services
On-site family services at housing facilities include CommunityWorks for Kids, an after school arts, education and recreation program for tenants in our buildings ages 6–12 and, case management to help formerly homeless, disabled tenants stay housed and reach their full potential in life.
Infant Toddler Development Center
The onsite Infant Toddler Development Center cares for very young children, ages three months to three years, while their parents pursue employment and educational opportunities and access long-term case management. VCHC offers the childcare program in partnership with two neighboring organizations, St. Joseph Center and the Venice Family Clinic.
YouthBuild
YouthBuild trains at-risk youth in the construction trades, helps develop leadership skills, supports them to obtain their high school diplomas or GEDs, and connects them to jobs so they can transition into long-term employment or continue educational pursuits.
Another Chance
Another Chance is an on-site charter school that provides out of school youth with an education in order to help them earn a high school diploma.
Venice High School Teen Court
Teen Court is a peer-based system that provides an alternative to the juvenile system for young people accused of first-time minor offenses, while providing participants an inside view of the legal system. The program is a partnership between VCHC, L.A. County Probation Dept. and Venice High School.
HandyWorker
Under contract with the Los Angeles Housing Department, VCHC provides free minor home repairs for low-income elderly and disabled homeowners. YouthBuild trainees have an opportunity to assist skilled trades people and gain first-hand experience in this program.
VCHC Study Lounge (formerly L.A. Bridges)
VCHC Study Lounge, formerly known as L.A. Bridges, is an after school program at the Mark Twain Middle School for youth, ages 10–14, who are at high risk for gang involvement. Services include mentoring, tutoring, life and leadership skills, case management and recreational activities.
Westside Repair and Painting Services (WRAPS)
WRAPS provides quality, timely, and affordable home repair services to Los Angeles residents and property managers while generating income to support VCHC's vital programs; creating training and transitional employment opportunities for YouthBuild Trainees; and preserving housing.
Venice Music Festival
The Venice Music Festival is an annual community event, generally held in the fall, organized by the VCHC. A Champagne Brunch kicks off the event and the afternoon features musical performances, a silent auction, and activities such as rock climbing. Past featured artists include Los Pinguos, Afrobeat Down, Aula, Sono-Lux, and Kwanza Jones. Proceeds are used to support the VCHC.
References
Venice Community Housing Corporation. Retrieved March 20, 2007.
External links
Venice Community Housing Corporation Homepage
Affordable housing
1988 establishments in California
Nelja Energia AS (also branded as 4Energia) is a renewable energy developer based in Tallinn, Estonia. The main areas of business of the company are the development of the renewable energy industry and the operation of power production. The name of the company, meaning Energy of Four, is referring to the four type of renewable energy: wind, water, biomass and solar. The company is focused on the renewable energy development in the Baltic countries. The CEO of the company is Aavo Kärmas.
Nelja Energia owns and operates eleven wind farms in Estonia with the total capacity of 140.8 MW, and four wind farms in Lithuania with the total capacity of 78.9 MW. In addition, the company operates two biogas-fuelled co-generation plants in Estonia. In Latvia, it owns and operates a cogeneration plant and pellet factory in Brocēni. The company plans a 700–1,100 MW offshore wind farm off Hiiumaa, Estonia.
The company operates since 2005. It started as an operator company for the wind farms owned by Vardar Eurus, a company owned by Norwegian Vardar AS (90%) and the Nordic Environment Finance Corporation (10%), and Freenergy, a company owned by Estonian investors and the European Bank of Reconstruction and Development, and it was owned equally by both companies. In 2012, Freenergy merged with Nelja Energia and the current ownership structure was adopted. The main shareholder of Nelja Energia was Vardar Eurus (77%). Estonian private investors owned 23% of the shares.
On 29 May 2018 it was announced that Enefit Green, a subsidiary of Eesti Energia, will acquire 100% of Nelja Energia shares for €289 million. In addition, it will take over €204 million of Nelja Energia loans. The deal was approved and completed in November 2018.
See also
Energy in Estonia
References
Electric power companies of Estonia
Wind power companies
Biofuel producers
Wind power in Estonia
Estonian companies established in 2005
Companies based in Tallinn
Energy companies established in 2005
Kriva Reka is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 102 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Glengarry bonnet is a traditional Scots cap made of thick-milled woollen material, decorated with a toorie on top, frequently a rosette cockade on the left side, and ribbons hanging behind. It is normally worn as part of Scottish military or civilian Highland dress, either formal or informal, as an alternative to the Balmoral bonnet or Tam o' Shanter.
History
Traditionally, the Glengarry bonnet is said to have first appeared as the head dress of the Glengarry Fencibles when they were formed in 1794 by Alexander Ranaldson MacDonell of Glengarry, of Clan MacDonell of Glengarry. MacDonell, therefore, is sometimes said to have invented the Glengarry – but it is not clear whether early pictures of civilians or Fencible infantry show a true glengarry, capable of being folded flat, or the standard military bonnet of the period merely cocked into a more "fore-and-aft" shape. The first use of the classic, military glengarry may not have been until 1841, when it is said to have been introduced for the pipers of the 79th Foot by the commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Lauderdale Maule.
It was only in the 1850s that the Glengarry became characteristic undress headgear of the Scottish regiments of the British Army. By 1860, the Glengarry without a diced border and usually with a feather had been adopted by pipers in all regiments except the 42nd (Black Watch), whose pipers wore the full dress feather bonnet. In 1914, all Scottish infantry regiments were wearing dark blue Glengarries in non-ceremonial orders of dress, except for the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) who wore them in rifle green, and the Scots Guards, who wore peaked forage caps or khaki service dress caps.
The diced bands on Glengarries were either in red, white and blue for royal regiments or red, white and green for others. The toories on top could be red, royal blue or black, according to regiment. The Black Watch and Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders, however, wore Glengarries without dicing and The 93rd (Sutherland) Highlanders were unique in wearing a simple red and white chequer pattern. This was said to commemorate the stand of the 93rd Sutherland Highlanders at the Battle of Balaclava immortalized as the Thin Red Line.
Between 1868 and 1897, the Glengarry was also worn as an undress cap for most British soldiers until replaced by the short-lived Austrian cap, replaced in turn in 1902 by the Brodrick cap (to which a peak was added to produce the design of cap worn in regimental colours with full dress and in khaki with Service Dress at the start of the First World War. When the Austrian style side cap was revived in 1937 as the Universal Pattern Field Service Cap (used by the British Army in the Second World War), the Dress Regulations for the Army, described it as "similar in shape to the Glengarry".
Modern wear
The Glengarry continued to be worn in dark blue by all regiments of the Scottish Division up to their final amalgamation into the Royal Regiment of Scotland in 2006. In parade dress, it was worn by all regiments except the Black Watch, who wore the blue balmoral bonnet, and musicians of some regiments, who wore feather bonnets in full dress. The Black Watch, however, wore a plain blue Glengarry in some orders of dress with trews. The Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) wore a plain rifle green Glengarry up until their disbandment in 1968. The blue Glengarry currently worn by the Royal Regiment of Scotland has red, green and white dicing, a red toorie, black silk cockade and the regimental cap badge surmounted by a blackcock (Tetrao tetrix) feather. This last is a tradition taken from the Royal Scots and King's Own Scottish Borderers. Other Commonwealth military forces that have Scottish and Highland regiments also make use of the Glengarry.
Irish Army
The headdress worn by Irish Army's Cavalry Corps is called a Glengarry but is more similar to the caubeen in appearance, than to the Scottish headdress of the same name. It was designed in 1934 for the Cavalry Corps as a more practical headdress than the standard peaked cap in the confines of their armoured cars and tanks. The Glengarry is the same colour as the army's service dress uniform with a black band and two black swallow-tail ribbons at the rear. The cap badge is worn over the left eye. Officers in the RDF wear a similar Glengarry but with green band and ribbons as part of their service dress uniform. Army pipers and drummers wear a black Glengarry with a saffron band and ribbons and a dark green feather hackle.
Civilian wear
The Glengarry is worn by male members of staff at the Palace of Holyroodhouse, the Queen's Official residence in Scotland.
The Glengarry is also commonly worn by civilians, notably civilian pipe bands, but can be considered an appropriate hat worn by any man with Highland casual dress or day wear. In this context, it most often has a red toorie. In pipe bands, women often also wear the Glengarry.
The Glengarry is the headress stipulated in Dress Regulations for Officers of the Boys' Brigade; namely Warrant Officers, Lieutenants and Brevet Captains.
Police use of diced band
In 1932 Percy Sillitoe, the Chief Constable of the City of Glasgow Police, abolished the traditional custodian helmet and added a new feature to the peaked caps worn by their police officers. This new feature was a black and white chequered cap band based on the dicings seen on the Glengarry headress of the Scottish regiments. The diced band, popularly known as the Sillitoe tartan, later spread to police forces in Australia, New Zealand, and the rest of the United Kingdom, as well as to some other parts of the world, notably Chicago.
Method of wearing
The correct method of wearing the Glengarry has changed since the end of the Second World War. Prior to 1945, Glengarries were generally worn steeply angled, with the right side of the cap worn low, often touching the ear, and the side with the capbadge higher on the head. The trend since the end of the war has been to wear the Glengarry level on the head, with the point directly over the right eye.
References
British Glengarries – British Army Uniforms and Equipment of World War Two. Brian L. Davis, Arms and Armour Press, London 1983
Canadian Glengarries in the First World War – Khaki. Clive M. Law, Service Publications, Ottawa
Canadian Glengarries in the Second World War – Dressed to Kill. Michael A. Dorosh, CD, Service Publications, Ottawa, 2001
A Dictionary of Military Uniform. W.Y. Carman.
The Uniforms and History of the Scottish Regiments. R. M. Barnes.
British Army equipment
Caps
British military uniforms
Scottish clothing
Royal Regiment of Scotland
Daniella Jeflea (née Dominikovic; born 12 January 1987) is a former Australian tennis player.
Them highest WTA singles ranking is 324th, which they reached on 3 October 2005. In October 2011, they peaked at No. 127 in the doubles rankings.
 They are the younger sister of retired player Evie Dominikovic.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 2 (1–1)
Doubles: 20 (10–10)
External links
CBS Sports statistics
1987 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Australian people of Croatian descent
Tennis players from Sydney
Edwin M. Gardner (1845–1935) was an American Confederate veteran and painter.
Early life
Edwin M. Gardner was born on October 12, 1845 in Giles County, Tennessee. They grew up in Mississippi. During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, they served in the Confederate States Army under General Nathan Bedford Forrest.
Gardner took painting lessons at the Royal Academy of Arts in Belgium and the National Academy Museum and School in New York City.
Career
Gardner started their career as an art teacher at a female academy in Aberdeen, Mississippi, followed by Mary Sharp College, a female academy in Winchester, Tennessee. They moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where they joined the Nashville Art Association and taught at the Watkins Institute, where they had a studio. One of their students, Cornelius Hankins, became a prominent painter in the South.
Gardner did a portrait of Sarah Childress Polk. They also painted blacks.
Death
Gardner died on October 28, 1935 in Nashville, Tennessee. They were buried at the Mount Olivet Cemetery.
References
1845 births
1935 deaths
People from Giles County, Tennessee
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Confederate States Army soldiers
Painters from Tennessee
Alangudi is a village in Sivaganga district of Tamil Nadu State in South India.
The village is located under the Tiruppattur (state assembly constituency, Sivaganga) and Sivaganga (Lok Sabha constituency).
The area pin code is 630307.
Cities and towns in Sivaganga district
Sorkhan (, also Romanized as Sorkhān; also known as Sorkhīn and Surkhīn) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Alyosha Monument may refer to:
Alyosha Monument, Murmansk, Russia
Alyosha Monument, Plovdiv, Bulgaria
Bronze Soldier of Tallinn, Estonia
See also
"Alyosha" (song), a song inspired by the Plovdiv monument
Pablo Daniel Echarri (born September 21, 1969) is a leading Argentine actor.
Biography
They were born in Sarandí, Avellaneda, Buenos Aires
Career
Pablo Echarri began their career on Argentine television in 1993. They were given their first significant film role in the 1998 thriller, The Detour, and received their first major film award at the Havana Film Festival for Best Actor for their role in Only People, in 1999. They were further honored by the Spanish Actors Union for their 2005 role in The Method, and in Argentina in 2006 for Chronicle of an Escape in both cases portraying the film's chief antagonist.
Personal life
They married fellow Argentine actor Nancy Dupláa in 2007, and the couple has two children.
External links
1969 births
Living people
Argentine male actors
Argentine people of Basque descent
People from Avellaneda
Charles Miner may refer to:
Charles Miner (1780–1865), American politician
Charles Abbott Miner (1830–1903), American politician
Charles W. Miner (1866–1912), American photographer
Charles Miner, a fictional character in the American television series The Office
Beers may refer to:
plural of beer, an alcoholic beverage
Beers (surname)
Beers, Friesland, a Dutch place in the Friesland municipality of Littenseradiel
Beers, North Brabant, a Dutch place in the North Brabant municipality of Cuijk
De Beers, a Johannesburg-based diamond mining and trading corporation
Beers criteria, Beers Criteria for Potentially Inappropriate Medication Use in Older Adults
See also
Beer (disambiguation)
Astrel Rolland (born 1899, date of death unknown) was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team that won Haiti's first Olympic medal—a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
1899 births
Year of death missing
Haitian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Haiti
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Haiti
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Matsumoto Yamaga.
Club statistics
Updated to 24 February 2019.
References
External links
Profile at Matsumoto Yamaga
1989 births
Living people
Association football people from Tokyo
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Yokohama F. Marinos players
Sagan Tosu players
Ehime FC players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Association football defenders
Monroe City is an unincorporated community in Chambers County, Texas, United States.
Education
Anahuac Independent School District operates schools in the area.
External links
Unincorporated communities in Chambers County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The 2015 Medway Council election took place on 7 May 2015, alongside the 2015 UK General Election. The elections were to elect all 55 seats across 22 wards. The Conservatives held the council, with 36 seats (a majority of 16). The Labour Party has 15 seats, and UKIP has 4.
Following the announcement of the results, the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition called for a re-count in Rainham North ward after their candidate received no votes, despite claiming that they had voted for himself; however, the council's returning officer confirmed that the result was correct and no further action could be taken.
Results
A total of 1,735 ballot papers were rejected.
Council Composition
Prior to the election, the composition of the council was:
After the election, to composition of the council was:
I - Independent
Ward Results
An asterisk denotes an incumbent councillor seeking re-election.
Chatham Central
Cuxton and Halling
Gillingham North
Cllrs Cooper and Stamp both were previously elected as Independent councillors in 2011.
Gillingham South
Hempstead and Wigmore
Lordswood and Capstone
Luton and Wayfield
Peninsula
Sands previously stood as a candidate for the English Democrats in 2011.
Princes Park
Rainham Central
Rainham North
Hewett was previously elected in 2011 as a Conservative councillor.
Rainham South
River
Rochester East
Rochester South and Horsted
Rochester West
Strood North
Strood Rural
Strood South
Twydall
Walderslade
Watling
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
2010s in Kent
The Cizeta-Moroder V16T, now known as just the Cizeta V16T, is an Italian sports car (built from 1991 to 1995) developed by automotive engineer Claudio Zampolli in a joint venture with music composer Giorgio Moroder and designed by Marcello Gandini. It was the only product of the Cizeta company. It was developed by a group of ex-Lamborghini employees and initially introduced in Los Angeles in December 1988.
History
The Cizeta-Moroder name comes from the Italian pronunciation of designer Claudio Zampolli's initials (CZ) (Ci-Zeta). Zampolli worked as a test and development engineer at Lamborghini before starting their own business of selling and maintaining high-performance sports cars. The V16T was conceived out of their desire to have their initials on a sports car. They made a partnership venture with their long time customer Giorgo Moroder, an Oscar winning music composer, who regularly came to their shop to have their Lamborghini Countach serviced after learning that the two shared similar interests in automobiles. Moroder was a 50% stakeholder in the new joint venture. Zampolli selected a team of former Lamborghini employees to develop the car which included Oliviero Pedrazzi as the chief engineer and engine designer and Achille Bevini along with Ianose Bronzatti as in-charge of the suspension and the chassis. Giancarlo Guerra, a former craftsman of Scaglietti body works who was infamous for coach-making the body of the Ferrari 250 GTO along with devising economical ways to make the chassis of the Lamborghini Countach when they worked at Lamborghini, was tasked to build the body of the car for the initial production run.
Technical details
The V16T signifies that its engine is a 16-cylinder engine having the two banks of cylinders arranged in a Vee configuration and mounted transversely in the central rear position, just forward of the rear axle and behind the passenger seats. It shares a single aluminum cylinder block, with four cylinder heads with gearing between themselves, providing a single output from the center of the engine assembly to the five-speed transaxle. The engine is based on the Lamborghini Urraco's 90° DOHC flat-plane V8 with which it shares a number of parts including the separate heads. The central output also allowed chief engineer Oliviero Pedrazzi to retain the Urraco's crankshaft(s). The Bosch K-Jetronic fuel injection systems from the V8 engines were retained for supplying fuel to the engine. The resulting engine has 64 valves, eight overhead camshafts (instead of the conventional long four camshafts) and has a capacity of having a compression ratio of 9.3 to 1. The engine produces a peak power output of at 8,000 rpm and of torque at 6,000 rpm. The decision to use a V16 engine was taken to make the car unique and due to Zampolli's fascination of large automobiles.
The prototypes had a curb weight of with Zampolli stating that the production car would weigh . At the front, the V16T has unequal-length control arms connected to specially designed light-alloy upright joints. The spring-damper units developed by Koni are attached to the control arms conventionally; the suspension arms, connected by an adjustable anti-roll bar, are angled forward to provide anti-dive. The car also uses unequal-length control arms at the rear with the difference being that the twin set of spring-damper units are mounted inboard of the rear wheels. Each unit is actuated by a bell crank from a linkage that attaches to the lower end of the hub carrier. The brakes have drilled and slotted rotors all around and use twin-pot calipers developed by Brembo. The wheels have race-style hubs that have five locating pegs and a large central nut to secure the wheel. The five-spoke, two-piece, cast­-aluminum OZ Racing wheels are clad in 245/40ZR-17 Pirelli P Zero tyres up front and 335/35ZR-17s at the rear.
Design
The chassis was formed of chrome-moly elliptical steel tubing, wrapped in a sleek body designed by Marcello Gandini, who had previously designed the Lamborghini Countach and some aerodynamic Maseratis and Claudio Zampolli. The front nose shape of the V16T is from an original design for the Lamborghini Diablo by Marcello Gandini. Gandini initially wanted to realise the original design they intended for the Diablo but Zampolli was unimpressed by the design and as a result, only the front of the car has the said design with the rear having design changes made by Zampolli himself.
Performance and production
The car was viewed from the beginning as an exclusive sports car, achieving a top speed of and required just 4 seconds to accelerate from 0 to , while at the same time equipped with many luxury features.
Only one prototype bearing the Cizeta-Moroder name was manufactured before the partnership dissolved. The car which was finished in a pearl white exterior colour with a red leather interior remained in the possession of Moroder and underwent a full restoration by Canepa design in 2018, after which it was auctioned in January 2022.
In 1991, the list price for a Cizeta was an estimated (US dollars) $650,000. Although predictions for production foresaw one car per month, only 12 examples (including one prototype) were actually built from 1991 until the company moved its operation to Los Angeles, California in 1995. The financial slowdown in the mid 1990s coupled with the car's failure to comply with the US safety regulations and the high asking price restricted production only on a made to order basis. Subsequently, two more cars were completed (one coupé and one spyder) in 1999 and 2003. The car made in 2003 was a convertible variant of the V16T called the Cizeta Fenice TTJ Spyder completed on a special request from a Japanese customer.
As of May 1, 2006, the car was still in production on a made-to-order basis, although now priced at $650,000, or $850,000 for the Spyder TTJ, exclusive of shipping, taxes, and extras. According to a 2018 interview, Zampolli considered the car still theoretically in production and available to purchase as late as 2018, although none had been built since the 2003 spyder.
Controversy
Moroder's involvement
At some point after the car's debut, Giorgio Moroder and Claudio Zampolli parted ways over a dispute on slow production of the car due its production process which required a large amount of labour hours to complete, materials for the body panels as well as the use of the powerplant. Moroder wanted the car to have a body work constructed from fibre glass and devised the use of a BMW powerplant in place of the bespoke V16 unit installed in the car in order to speed up the production process which initiated the split as these suggestions contradicted with Zampolli's vision for the car. It is known that Claudio Zampolli designed the logo for the car, and Giorgio Moroder paid for the art development. The Cizeta, from 1990 to date, is no longer associated with Moroder; its name remains symbolic of Moroder's hi-tech music and glamorous lifestyle. In addition, while the car debuted (temporarily) as the Cizeta-Moroder, all customer cars were badged simply as Cizeta V16T.
References
External links
Official Cizeta Automobili website
Rear mid-engine, rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Coupés
Cars of Italy
1990s cars
Cars introduced in 1988
First car made by manufacturer
Downburst is the seventh studio album by the German metal band Brainstorm, released on January 25, 2008. Former bassist Andreas Mailänder left the band before recordings started, so bass was handled by Torsten and Milan on this album.
Track listing
All songs written and arranged by Brainstorm.
"Falling Spiral Down" – 4:34
"Fire Walk with Me" – 4:24
"Stained with Sin" – 3:38
"Redemption in Your Eyes" – 4:26
"End in Sorrow" – 4:48
"How Do You Feel" – 3:49
"Protect Me from Myself" – 4:42
"Surrounding Walls" – 4:10
"Frozen" – 4:37
"All Alone" – 4:14
The European limited edition of the album also includes
"Crawling in Chains" - 3:47
"Hold Tight" - 4:06
The Japanese edition has three bonus tracks
"Crawling in Chains" - 3:44
"Drowning" - 4:32
"Fire Walk with Me (Firestarter Mix)" - 4:46
Personnel
Band members
Andy B. Franck - lead and backing vocals
Torsten Ihlenfeld - guitars, bass, backing vocals
Milan Loncaric - guitars, bass, backing vocals
Dieter Bernert - drums
Additional musicians
Michael 'Miro' Rodenberg - keyboards, producer, engineer, mastering
Production
Sascha Paeth - producer, engineer, mixing
Simon Oberender, Olaf Reitmeier - engineers
References
2008 albums
Brainstorm (German band) albums
Metal Blade Records albums
Ludwig Ernst Emil Hoffmann (30 July 1852 – 11 November 1932) was a German architect and was one of the most famous architects of Berlin.
Life and career
Ludwig Hoffmann was born in Darmstadt and educated at the Kunstakademie Kassel (Kassel Academy of Art) and the Bauakademie (Academy of Architecture) in Berlin. In 1879, after passing the first state examination, Hoffmann began working for the government of Berlin as a construction supervisor under Franz Heinrich Schwechten. Their architectural career began in 1880 when they and Peter Dybwad, both unknowns, won the competition to design the Supreme Court building in Leipzig against 118 other entries. In 1895, the year it was completed, they returned to Berlin and that June married Marie Weisbach, a banker's daughter.
In 1896, Hoffmann became Stadtbaurat—director of urban planning and construction—for Berlin. They served for 28 years until 1924 (mandatory retirement age being 72) and is now regarded as the most important holder of the position.
Under their leadership 111 facilities were built, including over 300 buildings. They designed the new administration building for the city of Berlin, now known as the Altes Stadthaus (1902—1911). They designed the Märkisches Museum (1899—1904), the museum of Berlin and the Mark Brandenburg. With Alfred Messel, they designed the built version of the Pergamon Museum on Museum Island (1910—1930). In addition they designed bridges, fountains, public baths, schools of every kind, orphanages, hospital complexes, cemeteries, private villas, and apartment buildings. In their memoirs, they describe the long history of work on the Märchenbrunnen (fountain of fairy tales) for the Volkspark Friedrichshain, the first public park in Berlin. Hoffmann had a significant impact on the urban development of Berlin both through their own designs and as a judge for many architectural competitions, although some of their projects were not constructed due to the outbreak of World War I, many were destroyed in World War II, and others were later demolished. An archive of many of their designs is kept at the Architecture Museum of the Berlin Institute of Technology.
Honors and criticism
In 1906 Ludwig Hoffmann was awarded the title of Privy Councillor and an honorary doctorate from the Technische Universität Darmstadt. In the same year they were elected to membership of the Prussian Academy of Arts. In 1917 they received a second honorary doctorate, from the Vienna University of Technology. Upon their retirement in 1924 they were awarded honorary citizenship of Berlin. A primary school in Friedrichshain (which they built), a hospital in Pankow, a bridge in Moabit, and a street in the Sellerhausen section of Leipzig bear their name.
Hoffmann's work was long out of favor for its historicism, but is now recognized as an important part of the effort to accommodate Berlin's rapid growth prior to World War I. As early as 1956, Ludwig Mies van der Rohe admitted they had been wronged.
References
Bibliography
(CAPTCHA)
Further reading
External links
Sketches, plans, and drawings of works by Ludwig Hoffmann, Architecture Museum, Technical University of Berlin
Biography of Ludwig Hoffmann, Bundesverwaltungsgericht
Ludwig Hoffmann biography, selected works, Projekt Baerwaldbad
1852 births
1932 deaths
19th-century German architects
Architects from Berlin
20th-century German architects
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite (civil class)
Lee Greer Brewster (April 27, 1943 – May 19, 2000) was an American drag queen, transvestite activist, and retailer. They were a founding member of the pre-Stonewall activist group, Queens Liberation Front. In the 1970s and 1980s, they published Drag magazine. Brewster helped to raise funds for the very first U.S. celebration of Pride, Christopher Street Liberation Day in 1970. They continued to help raise funds and organize Christopher Street Liberation Day for several years. Lee Brewster was active in the homophile and gay liberation movements, working with the Mattachine Society of New York as well as the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries.
Personal life
Lee Brewster was born in a log cabin in Honaker, Virginia on April 27, 1943. They were primarily raised in West Virginia, where their father was a coal miner.
They moved to New York City in the 1960s after being fired from the Federal Bureau of Investigation for being a homosexual.
Brewster died of cancer on May 19, 2000 in New York City. They were survived by a sister and three brothers.
Professional life
Brewster worked for the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a file clerk in the early 1960s, until they were fired for being a homosexual.
In the 1970s and 1980s, they published Drag magazine.
Lee's Mardi Gras Boutique
Brewster owned Lee's Mardi Gras Boutique (now Michael Salem Boutique), a clothing store in a loft on West 14th Street in New York City's Greenwich Village. The store catered heavily to drag performers. They announced its opening on October 31, 1969, at a ball they were hosting. They described it as the first one devoted to cross-dressers. Initially, the business was mail order based, but after so many people began coming directly to their apartment, they opened a store around the corner from their Hell's Kitchen apartment. It included a bookstore with a comprehensive collection of books on topics related to transvestites. The store moved several times before arriving at its location on West 14th Street.
Their boutique made efforts to provide privacy to its customers, including never having a street-level entry. However, some customers have been public about utilizing the store. Among its public and notable customers were Lady Bunny, and costume designers for The Birdcage, To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar, and Tootsie. Brewster described their clientele in an interview in The Village Voice saying, "Half of my clients are respectable-looking business people," and that they were "very normal, but they know better than to present that side of themselves."
Drag performances
Brewster staged numerous balls and often performed as a drag queen. Following the tradition of old-time drag performers, Brewster preferred to be called by male pronouns, rather than female pronouns, as has become more popular in modern times.
Activism
Brewster advocated for people who wanted to engage in cross-dressing, notably at times when this was an unpopular position in the LGBT movement in the United States.
They became active in the Mattachine Society after moving to New York City in the 1960s, and was even nominated for the position of Secretary of the organization. They coordinated the organization's drag balls and fundraising events. Some members of the organizations disliked public cross-dressing, so they began holding the balls at the Diplomat Hotel on West 43rd Street. The balls, held from 1969 to 1973, became notable enough that the final one was attended by Carol Channing, Shirley MacLaine and Jacqueline Susann.
In the 1970s, Brewster financed a successful legal challenge to a New York City ordinance that allowed people to be removed from public places because they were homosexuals. Though seldom enforced, they felt the regulation gave law enforcement an opportunity to harass LGBT people.
Queens Liberation Front
At their first ball in February 1969, they announced plans to form what would become known as the Queens Liberation Front, with October 31, 1969 to be its formal founding date.
Lesbian Feminist Liberation opposed the performance by drag queens at the 1973 LGBT Pride March in New York City. As they passed out flyers, Sylvia Rivera, of Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries, took the microphone from emcee Vito Russo and spoke against the sentiment and spoke of the harassment and arrests of drag queens on the street, some of whom had been involved with the Stonewall riots. Lesbian Feminist Liberation's Jean O'Leary then insisted on responding by denouncing drag as misogynist and criticizing the march for being too male-dominated. This prompted Brewster to denounce anti-transgender lesbian feminists. The increasingly angry crowd only calmed when Bette Midler, who heard on the radio in their Greenwich Village apartment, arrived, took the microphone, and began singing "Friends". This was one of many events in early 1970s where lesbian and transgender activists clashed.
Collaboration with Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (S.T.A.R.)
March on Albany
The Queens Liberation Front, including founders Lee Brewster and Bunny Eisenhower, joined with S.T.A.R. including Sylvia Rivera to lead a protest for the repeal of crossdressing laws in New York. They marched to the Capital in Albany, "...in support of the bills currently before the legislators in behalf of liberalized laws on homosexuality. Amongst them are bill for the repeal of impersonation laws...". The groups and their supporters travelled to Albany on four buses that had been chartered by the NY Gay Activists Alliance. Other notable protest attendees included Reverend Troy Perry. Drag Magazine includes two full pages of photographs from the protest, including Lee Brewster and Sylvia Rivera together holding their protest signs.
Panel Discussion with Sylvia Rivera and Marsha P. Johnson
In 1972, Lee Brewster was part of a panel discussion on "transvestism" with S.T.A.R. representatives Sylvia Rivera and Marsha P. Johnson and "Bebe" representing of the Queens College Group. The coverage of this event and a corresponding photograph of the panel can be found in Drag magazine Vol.2 No.7, near the end of the article on Male Prostitution.
See also
History of the transgender community in the United States
LGBT culture in New York City
LGBT movements in the United States
List of LGBT people from New York City
References
1943 births
2000 deaths
American civil rights activists
American drag queens
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
Gay entertainers
LGBT businesspeople from the United States
LGBT people from New York (state)
LGBT rights activists from the United States
LGBT people from Virginia
Transgender rights activists
20th-century American businesspeople
Activists from New York City
20th-century LGBT people
Jocelyn Rico (born 17 December 1959) is a French former professional footballer who played as a right-back and defensive midfielder. From 1978 to 1993, they made 383 appearances in the first two tiers of football in France.
International career
Rico was an Olympic international for France. They were called up by the team's manager for a friendly tournament in China in June 1983, but was not chosen for the Summer Olympics in Los Angeles the following year.
Personal life
Born in Concarneau, Brittany, Rico's parents were Pieds-Noirs from Morocco. Their brother Robert is also a former professional footballer, and played for the France national team.
Following their retirement from professional football, Rico became a coach. They coached an under-13 side of US Saint-Grégoire while they played for the club's senior team. Rico was employed by the town of Saint-Grégoire as an educator, and coached several other youth teams in the area. They also worked as a sports equipment manager for the town.
Honours
Brest
Division 2: 1980–81
US Saint-Grégoire
Coupe de Bretagne: 1998
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Concarneau
Footballers from Brittany
Sportspeople from Finistère
French footballers
Association football fullbacks
Association football midfielders
US Concarneau players
Stade Brestois 29 players
OGC Nice players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
AS Cannes players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
Ligue 2 players
Ligue 1 players
Championnat National 3 players
Giuseppe Camerata (1718–1803) was an Italian miniaturist painter and engraver.
Biography
They were born at Frascati or at Venice, the son of G. Camerata, a painter of some reputation, and studied under Gregorio Lazzarini. They learned the technique of engraving from Giovanni Cattini, and after visiting Vienna in 1742, was in 1751 invited to assist in engraving the plates for the Dresden Gallery, and was there made principal engraver to the Court. They visited Italy again in later life, and subsequently came to Munich, where they settled for a time in 1763. They afterwards became professor in the Academy at Dresden, where they died.
Selected works
Portraits
Marco Foscarini, Doge of Venice and former patron of Piranesi.
Simone Cantarini, Procurator of St. Mark.
Sebastiano Bombelli, the Venetian painter.
Subjects from Dresden Gallery
Parable of the Talents; Parable of the Lost Piece of Silver; Parable of the Prodigal Son; David with the Head of Goliath; Infant Bacchus; after Domenico Fetti.
Holy Family; after Giulio Cesare Procaccini
St. Roch aiding the Plague-stricken; after Camillo Procaccini.
St. Roch distributing Alms and Assumption of the Virgin after Annibale Carracci.
Adulteress before Christ; after Bartolomeo Biscaino.
Chastity of Joseph; after Simone Cantarini.
Old and New Testament; after A. Baccari.
Mary Magdalene after Pompeo Batoni.
A half-length figure, with a beard and Another half-length, the companion; after Dietrich.
Mary Magdalene; after Van der Werf.
References
1718 births
1803 deaths
People from the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital
18th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
19th-century Italian painters
Italian engravers
19th-century Italian male artists
The 2017–18 División de Honor was the 51st season of the top flight of the Spanish domestic rugby union competition since its inception in 1953.
Valladolid won its second consecutive title, its eighth overall after defeating local arch-rivals SilverStorm El Salvador in the Final.
Competition format
The División de Honor season takes place between September and March, with every team playing each other home and away for a total of 22 matches. Points are awarded according to the following:
4 points for a win
2 points for a draw
1 bonus point is awarded to a team scoring 4 tries or more in a match
1 bonus point is awarded to a team that loses a match by 7 points or fewer
The six teams with the highest number of points at the end of 22 rounds of matches play the championship playoffs. The top two teams win a semifinal berth automatically, while the next four teams play off to take the remaining two spots.
The club which finishes bottom is relegated, while the club that finishes 11th goes into a playoff with a team from División de Honor B.
Promotion and relegation
The bottom team in the standings is relegated to División de Honor B, while the team finishing 11th play the relegation playoff. The top team from División de Honor B is promoted to División de Honor.
Teams
Table
Playoffs
Relegation playoff
The relegation playoff was played over two legs by Hernani, the team finishing 11th in División de Honor and Ciencias Sevilla, the losing team from División de Honor B promotion playoff final. Hernani won 57-48 on aggregate and remained in the División de Honor A.
References
External links
Official site
Rugby union in Spain
2012-13
Spain
Vanguard SLV-2, also called Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle-2 hoped to be the second successful flight of the American Vanguard rocket following successful Vanguard 1 satellite on rocket Vanguard TV-4.
Background
Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle-2 (SLV-2) was launched on 26 June 1958. The flight failed to reach orbit due to premature cutoff of the second stage rocket engine. The program objective was to launch into orbit a fully instrumented "X-ray and environmental satellite" to study maximum variations in intensity of X-rays from the Sun in the 1 to 8 angstrom wavelength bands and to make certain space environment measurements. The purpose of the IGY Vanguard satellite program, run by the U.S. Navy, was to launch one or more satellites into Earth orbit during the International Geophysical Year (IGY).
Launch Vehicle
Vanguard was the designation used for both the launch vehicle and the satellite. The first stage of the three-stage Vanguard Test vehicle was powered by a General Electric X-405 thrust liquid rocket engine, propelled by 7200 kg of kerosene (RP-1) and liquid oxygen, with helium pressurant. It also held 152 kg of hydrogen peroxide. It was finless, 13.4 metres tall, 1.14 metres in diameter, and had a launch mass of approximately 8090 kg.
The second stage was a 5.8 metres high, 0.8 metres diameter Aerojet General AJ-10 liquid engine burning 1520 kg Unsymmetrical dimethylhydrazine (UDMH) and White Inhibited Fuming Nitric Acid (WIFNA) with a helium pressurant tank. It produced a thrust of and had a launch mass of approximately 1990 kg. This stage contained the complete guidance and control system.
A solid-propellant rocket with of thrust (for 30 seconds burn time) was developed by the Grand Central Rocket Company to satisfy third-stage requirements. The stage was 1.5 metres high, 0.8 metres in diameter, and had a launch mass of 194 kg. The thin (0.076 cm) steel casing for the third stage had a hemispherical forward dome with a shaft at the center to support the satellite and an aft dome fairing into a steel exit nozzle.
The total height of the vehicle with the satellite fairing was about 21.9 meters. The payload capacity was 11.3 kg to a 555 km Earth orbit. A nominal launch would have the first stage firing for 144 seconds, bringing the rocket to an altitude of 58 km, followed by the second stage burn of 120 seconds to 480 km, whereupon the third stage would bring the satellite to orbit. This was the same launch vehicle configuration, with minor modifications, as used for Vanguard TV-3 and all succeeding Vanguard flights up to and including Vanguard SLV-6.
Spacecraft
Vanguard SLV-2 hoped to put into orbit the Vanguard 2C satellite, a Lyman Alpha satellite, with a magnetosphere measurement device. The satellite payload was . Vanguard SLV-2 only reached an altitude of , the goal was to orbit.
The SLV-2 satellite was a 9.75 kg, 50.8 cm diameter sphere. The spherical shell was magnesium, internally gold-plated and externally covered with an aluminum deposit coated with highly polished silicon monoxide of sufficient thickness to provide thermal control for the instrumentation. The interior was pressurized. The payload instrumentation package was mounted in the center of the sphere. The package was arranged in a cylindrical stack with the mercury batteries at the bottom, followed by the Minitrack tracking system electronics, the environment electronics, the telemetering instrumentation, and the experiment electronics. Below the package at the bottom of the sphere was the separation device, a spring loaded tube with a timer designed to push the satellite away from the third stage after orbit was reached. At the top of the interior of the sphere was a pressure gauge. Four spring-loaded metal rods were folded along the equator of the sphere and would protrude radially outward when deployed, acting as a turnstile antenna. It used an 80 mW transmitter at a frequency of 108.00 MHz.
Launch
Vanguard SLV-2 launched on 26 June 1958 at 05:00:52 GMT. It was launched from Launch Complex 18A (LC-18A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS). The second stage engine shut down after only 8 seconds of operation, resulting in insufficient velocity to put the satellite into orbit. The investigation concluded that scale from the second stage oxidizer tank had clogged propellant feed lines and resulted in loss of thrust.
Mission
Liftoff was nominal, but low oxidizer feed pressure caused the second stage rocket engine to shut down after firing for only 8 seconds, 152.6 seconds after launch, resulting in insufficient velocity to arm the third stage for firing and causing termination of the flight. The premature shutdown caused the propellant tank pressures to exceed design values without failing, proving the structural integrity of the tankage.
See also
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Project Vanguard
Spacecraft propulsion
References
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L. The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Spacecraft launched in 1958
Project Vanguard
Satellite launch failures
Space accidents and incidents in the United States
Guay is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Albert Guay (1917–1951), Canadian mass murderer
Annie Guay (born 1985), Canadian ice hockey player
Erik Guay (born 1981), Canadian alpine ski racer
Florian Guay, politician in Quebec
François Guay (born 1968), professional ice hockey centre
Gabriel Guay (1848–1923), French painter
Jacob Guay (born 1999), Canadian young singer
Joseph-Philippe Guay (1915–2001), Canadian parliamentarian
Lucie Guay (born 1958), Canadian sprint kayaker
Monique Guay (born 1959), Quebec politician
Paul Guay (born 1963), American professional ice hockey player
Pierre Malcom Guay (1848–1899), physician, surgeon and political figure in Quebec
Raynald Guay (1933–2017), Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons
Rebecca Guay, artist specializing in watercolor painting and illustration
Richard Guay (disambiguation), multiple people
Tom Guay (born 1965), guitar player who joined White Zombie
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1912 horror film based on both Robert Louis Stevenson's novella Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde (1886) and on the 1887 play version written by Thomas Russell Sullivan. Directed by Lucius Henderson, the film stars actor (later noted film director) James Cruze in the dual role of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and co-starred their real life wife Marguerite Snow as well.
Plot summary
White-haired Dr. Jekyll has secretly locked themselves in their laboratory, administering themselves with a vial of formula. They slump into their chair with their head on their chest. As the drug slowly takes effect, a dark-haired, taloned beast with two large fangs now appears in the chair. After repeated use, Jekyll's evil alter ego emerges at will, causing Jekyll to knock a little girl down in the street and even to murder their sweetheart's father (the local minister). The evil personality scuttles back to the laboratory only to discover that the antidote is finished and that they will have to remain as Mr. Hyde forever. A burly police officer breaks down Jekyll's door with an ax to find the kindly doctor dead from drinking poison.
Cast
James Cruze as Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde
Florence La Badie as Jekyll's sweetheart
Marie Eline as Little girl knocked down by Hyde
Jane Gail (Extra)
Marguerite Snow (Extra)
Harry Benham as Mr. Hyde (in some scenes, uncredited)
Production
This film was produced by the Thanhouser Company. Rather than adapt the 1886 novel as earlier film adaptations had done, Thanhouser decided to more closely follow the 1887 stage play, telescoping its events down into a 12-minute-long film. Cruze plays Jekyll as a white-haired, middle-aged, well meaning doctor, but "upon their transformation into Hyde, they cut loose and delivers a memorable bit of pantomime acting....as they morph into an impish and violent sociopath". Jekyll's girlfriend's father becomes a minister in this version rather than the pompous aristocrat of the novel.
Some sources list Harry Benham as the actor who played Mr. Hyde in the film
, but in an interview in the October 1963 issue of Famous Monsters of Filmland, Harry Benham revealed that while Cruze played both Jekyll and Hyde, they and Cruze shared the role of Hyde, with Benham doubling for Cruze as Hyde in some scenes (uncredited). Historian Steve Haberman stated that Benham played Mr. Hyde in all of the Hyde scenes, since Hyde was noticeably shorter than Cruze in all of the transformation scenes. They said "in fact, they are not even tall enough to see themselves in the good doctor's mirror hanging on the wall..."
Critiques
Critic Troy Howarth felt the Hyde makeup was crude yet effective, although they felt Jekyll's laboratory set looked like a cheap closet. They said Hyde's "reign of terror" is confined to a couple of brief scenes of violence, and that Hyde acts more "like an unrestrained child who is allowed to run amok by a distracted parent...than a genuine menace".
Copyright status
The film is in the public domain, along with all films released before 1925.
References
External links
1912 films
American silent short films
Thanhouser Company films
1910s science fiction horror films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Lucius J. Henderson
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde films
Articles containing video clips
American science fiction horror films
American films based on plays
1910s American films
1912 horror films
Silent horror films
Elías Villanueva (May 3, 1845 - April 24, 1913) was an Argentine politician. They were Governor of Mendoza Province from 1878 until 1881.
References
1845 births
Governors of Mendoza Province
1913 deaths
Bernard Caron (born 11 August 1952) is a French professional football manager and former player. They were most recently joint-manager of Régional 2 club FC Villeneuve-sur-Lot. As a player, they were a centre-back.
Honours
Nancy
Coupe de France: 1977–78
Notes
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pas-de-Calais
French footballers
French football managers
Association football central defenders
SU Agen Football players
CS Sedan Ardennes players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Paris FC players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
FC Rouen players
Périgueux Foot players
Ligue 2 players
Ligue 1 players
French Division 3 (1971–1993) players
French Division 4 (1978–1993) players
Association football player-managers
France youth international footballers
France under-21 international footballers
France B international footballers
Footballers from Hauts-de-France
Masochism is the enjoyment of receiving pain or humiliation.
Masochism may also refer to:
Sexual masochism disorder, a medical condition in which pain or humiliation is required for sexual arousal and causes distress or impairment
Masochism (album), an upcoming studio album by Sky Ferreira
"Masochism", a song by Sega Bodega from Salvador
Masochism: Coldness and Cruelty, a 1967 book by Gilles Deleuze
Masochism: Current Psychoanalytic Perspectives, a 1993 book by Robert Glick and Donald Meyers
See also
Masochist (disambiguation)
Aloysius Mukasa TG (born 1983) is a Ugandan entrepreneur, politician and Member of Parliament representing Rubaga South, Kampala District in Uganda's 11th Parliament (2021-2026).  They are a member of the opposition party, National Unity Platform (NUP) and a diehard supporter of the People Power, Our Power movement.
Career
Mukasa started advocating for human rights while at university at Ndejje University. During their work under People Power, they provided an ambulance to provide free emergency medical services for all Rubaga South people.
Mukasa beat fourteen other candidates to become the Member of Parliament for Rubaga South in Kampala winning with 49,501 votes. However, their win was not accepted by another candidate Nassolo Eugenia who petitioned the high Court for the nullification of their victory due to their alleged academic qualifications. Uganda National Examinations Board (UNEB) released Mukasa's academic results on Nassolo's lawyer's request, and the results showed that they had failed the Uganda Advanced Certification of Education exams, which would make them ineligible for a Member of Parliament seat. The petition was later withdrawn and Mukasa remained in their position as a member of parliament. They were sworn in as the Member of Parliament representing Rubaga South on 19 May 2021. In Parliament, they were selected as member of both the Equal Opportunities Committee and the East African Affairs Committee.
References
1983 births
Living people
21st-century Ugandan politicians
People from Kampala
Kampala Central Division
People from Central Region, Uganda
Members of the Parliament of Uganda
National Unity Platform politicians
The 1971 Haringey Council election took place on 13 May 1971 to elect members of Haringey London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Election result
|}
Ward results
Alexandra-Bowes
S. R. Gaubert was a sitting councillor for Noel Park ward.
Bruce Grove
Central Hornsey
G. C. Cleaver was a sitting councillor for Coleraine ward.
Coleraine
Crouch End
Fortis Green
Mrs C. J. Levinson was a sitting councillor for Central Hornsey ward.
G. J. Y. Murphy was a sitting councillor for Turnpike ward.
Green Lanes
High Cross
Highgate
Muswell Hill
Noel Park
M. S. Hiller was a sitting councillor for Coleraine ward.
Park
Seven Sisters
South Hornsey
South Tottenham
Stroud Green
Miss C. D. Jackson was a sitting councillor for Central Hornsey ward.
Tottenham Central
Town Hall
Turnpike
West Green
Mrs E. M. Donno was a sitting councillor for Seven Sisters ward.
References
1971
1971 London Borough council elections
Omphalotomy is the medical procedure that involves the cutting of the umbilical cord after childbirth. The word omphalotomy is derived from the prefix omphal(o)-, from the Ancient Greek word ὀμφαλός (omphalós), meaning navel, and the suffix -tomy, also from Ancient Greek, meaning incision. The incision is normally made between two clamps on the umbilical cord, used to stop blood flow, leaving an umbilical stump attached to the baby. After roughly 15 days, the remaining umbilical stump dries out and falls off, leaving a scar: the navel, or belly-button
References
Surgical procedures and techniques
Atelopus ardila is a species of frog in the family Bufonidae. It has not been seen since 1992, and is believed to be possibly extinct.
Taxonomy
Atelopus ardila was described in 2010. Previously, it was misidentified as Atelopus ignescens. Its specific epithet 'ardila' was given in honor of Colombian herpetologist Cristina Ardila-Robayo, whose research led to the description of several new species in the genus Atelopus.
Description
Atelopus ardila is sexually dimorphic. Males are, on average, 35-40mm long while females are slightly larger, 40-50mm long. In addition, females have long, slender legs compared to the much stouter legs of males. Both sexes have variable coloration, ranging from yellow, to red-orange, to almost black.
As tadpoles, Atelopus ardila are black in coloration, and look similar to tadpoles of other species in their genus.
Habitat and Distribution
Atelopus ardila is only known from its type locality and surrounding areas, the region between Galeras and Laguna de la Cocha in the Colombian Massif of Southern Colombia. They have been found under rocks and in rocky streams, as well as in densely wooded areas.
Diet
Analysis of the stomach contents of specimens of Atelopus ardila revealed that their diet comprises largely of leaf beetles and drosophilidae. They also eat members of the families Pteromalidae, Braconidae, Anthomyiidae, Muscidae, and Tephritidae in lesser amounts.
Reproduction
As amphibians, Atelopus ardila exhibits amplexus. Amplexus in Atelopus ardila has been observed occurring year round, and can last a long time. A wild pair was observed in amplexus for 22 days, and pairs maintained in captivity have remained in amplexus for several months.
Tadpoles live in clear, mountain creeks until maturing. Though they were also seen year round, they were less abundant in the summer months.
History
The first known specimen was collected on August 2nd, 1965 by R. E. Smalley. The holotype was collected on February 25th, 1984 by Patricia A. Burrowes and Benjamín del Castillo. Initially, they were believed to be Atelopus ignescens. Later on, it was believed that they represented a distinct subpopulation of the species. After taxonomic review, Atelopus ardila was classed as a new species in 2010.
The species used to be considered common, but their population rapidly declined in the past few decades. The last confirmed specimen was collected in June of 1989. Multiple searches throughout the mid 1990s failed to locate any individuals. Visual records indicate the presence of individuals in 1992, and there are unconfirmed visual records of the species by local people from 1994 and 2002. Searches conducted in the species' habitat between 2000 and 2004 also failed to find any individuals. The IUCN lists the species as Critically Endangered, and possibly extinct. The exact cause of the decline of Atelopus ardila is unknown, but disease, climate change, habitat loss, and impacts from nearby volcanoes are believed to have played roles.
References
ardila
Amphibians of Colombia
Endemic fauna of Colombia
Amphibians described in 2010
Taxa named by Luis Aurelio Coloma
Taxa named by William Edward Duellman
Billy Tsikrikas (born 11 May 1995) is a Greece international rugby league footballer who plays as for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the NRL.
Background
Tsikrikas was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia and is of Greek descent.
Playing career
Early career
Tsikrikas played the majority of their junior football at St Marys Saints in the Ron Massey Cup until 2019 when they were signed to a development contract by the Penrith Panthers. They represented the Greece national rugby league team on six occasions scoring four tries.
2019
Tsikrikas featured in the Penrith Panthers NSW Cup squad after earning a reserve grade contract, playing four games and scoring one try.
2021
In 2012, Tsikrikas had a breakout season with the Penrith reserve grade team featuring in 13 games and scoring two tries.
Move to Belmore
2022
Freshly appointed Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs general manager Phil Gould, having initially recruiting Tsikrikas to the Penrith Panthers handed them a train-and-trial contract. This is a conditional contract where players earn $1000 a week before being promoted to a Top 30 or development contract.
Tsikrikas began the season with the Canterbury NSW Cup team featuring in six games and scoring one try continuing their impressive form from Penrith.
A crisis struck the Canterbury football club as four players tested positive to COVID-19 As three more were injured, Phil Gould applied to the NRL for special exemption to allow Tsikrikas to replace their teammate Ava Seumanafagai on the bench for their Round 7 match against the Brisbane Broncos on Friday the 22nd of April 2022 at Suncorp Stadium
Tsikrikas, working as a teacher at Endeavour Sports High School, received the call up that they had long waited for throughout their career.
Tsikrikas was retained for the clash against the Sydney Roosters, in which they played a hand in the 16–12 win. Coming up with 30 tackles and 75 run metres including 2 tackle breaks from 29 minutes.
References
1995 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Greece national rugby league team players
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league props
Colm Gildernew MLA (born 27 June 1969) is a Sinn Féin politician from Dungannon, Northern Ireland who has served as Member of the Legislative Assembly for the Fermanagh and South Tyrone constituency in the Northern Ireland Assembly since June 2017.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Northern Ireland MLAs 2017–2022
Sinn Féin MLAs
People from Dungannon
Politicians from County Tyrone
Northern Ireland MLAs 2022–2027
"Awake My Soul and with the Sun" is a 17th-century hymn by the Anglican cleric and hymnodist Thomas Ken. It was written in 1695 as a morning hymn and, latterly, it is usually sung to the tune Morning Hymn by François Hippolyte Barthélemon (1741–1808). Occasionally, it is sung to Old Hundredth. Comprising 14 verses, ordinarily only the first and last three verses are sung. This hymn was written by Thomas Ken along with "All Praise to Thee, My God, This Night" (an evening hymn) and "My God, I now from Sleep Awake" (a midnight hymn). The three hymns all have the same last verse, which is now known as the Common Doxology.
The words are:
1 Awake, my soul, and with the sun
Thy daily stage of duty run;
Shake off dull sloth, and joyful rise
To pay thy morning sacrifice.
2 Redeem the misspent moments past,
And live this day as if thy last;
Improve thy talent with due care,
For the great day thyself prepare.
3 Let all thy converse be sincere,
Thy conscience as the noon-day clear:
Think how all-seeing God thy ways
And all thy secret thoughts surveys.
4 By influence of the light divine,
Let thy own light to others shine,
Reflect all heaven's propitious rays,
In ardent love, and cheerful praise.
5 Wake, and lift up thyself, my heart,
And with the angels bear thy part,
Who all night long unwearied sing
High praise to the eternal King.
6 Glory to thee, who is a safe hast kept
And hast refreshed me whilst I slept;
Grant, Lord, when I from death shall wake,
I may of endless light partake.
7 May I like you in God delight,
Have all day long my God in sight,
Perform like you my Maker's will,
O may I never more do ill.
8 Had I your Wings, to Heaven I'd fly,
But God shall that defect supply,
And my Soul wing'd with warm desire,
Shall all day long to Heav'n aspire.
9 All praise to Thee who is a safe hast kept,
And hast refresh'd me whilst I slept.
Grant Lord, when I from death shall wake,
I may of endless Light partake.
10 I would not wake, nor rise again,
And Heav'n itself I would disdain;
Were't not Thou there to be enjoy'd,
And I in Hymns to be employ'd.
11 Heav'n is, dear Lord, where e'er Thou art,
O never then from me depart ;
For to my Soul, 'tis Hell to be,
But for one moment void of Thee.
12 Lord, I my vows to Thee renew,
Disperse my sins as Morning dew,
Guard my first springs of Thought and Will,
And with Thy self my Spirit fill.
13 Direct, control, suggest, this day,
All I design, or do, or say;
That all my Powers with all their might,
In Thy sole Glory may unite.
Doxology
14 Praise God, from whom all blessings flow,
Praise Him all Creatures here below,
Praise Him above ye Heavenly Host,
Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.
External links
hymnary.org – Awake, my soul, and with the sun
Awake my soul and with the sun Thy daily stage of duty run (ehymnbook.org)
Awake, My Soul, And with the Sun as sung by the Norwich Cathedral Choir
17th-century hymns
Protestant hymns
1695 works
Rakusa Point is a point 0.5 nautical miles (0.9 km) southeast of Point Thomas, Admiralty Bay, on King George Island, South Shetland Islands. Named by the Polish Antarctic Expedition in 1977 after Stanislaw Rakusa-Suszczewski, who established Poland's Arctowski Station near this point, February 26, 1977.
Headlands of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Al-Kawm (; also spelled, el-Kowm) is a village in the al-Kowm oasis in central Syria north of al-Sukhnah and south of Raqqa. The oasis also contains a series of important archaeological sites, together known as El Kowm. In 2004 the village had a population of 1,771. During the Syrian Civil War ISIS mostly had control over this town until the SAA captured it on 14 August 2017.
References
Populated places in Tadmur District
Yuri Vladimirovich Susloparov () (14 August 195828 May 2012) was a Soviet football player and manager, born in Kharkiv.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1987, 1989.
Soviet Top League bronze: 1986.
1980 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship winner.
International career
Susloparov made their debut for USSR on 7 October 1981 in a World Cup qualifier against Turkey. They participated in the 1982 FIFA World Cup finals, coming on as a second-half substitute in the 2–1 defeat by Brazil in Seville.
External links
Profile
Died Yuri Susloparov (Official site of RFU)
Died the former player of "Torpedo", "Spartak", and the national team
1958 births
2012 deaths
Ukrainian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
1982 FIFA World Cup players
Soviet Top League players
FC Metalist Kharkiv players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Spartak Moscow players
Ukrainian football managers
Ukrainian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Bangladesh
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Bangladesh
Footballers from Kharkiv
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Kovilje () is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 18 inhabitants. It is situated between Mountains Golija and Javor in central Serbia.
The village is famous for the Orthodox Kovilje monastery founded in 12th century.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Viktoriia Volodymyrivna Us (; born 29 April 1993) is a Ukrainian slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2008.
They finished in 12th place in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. They recorded their 2nd Olympic participation at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where they started in both women's events. They finished 8th in the K1 event and 7th in the C1 event.
They won silver in the C1 event at the 2013 World U23 Championships in Liptovský Mikuláš and a bronze in the K1 event at the 2015 European U23 Championships in Kraków.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Ukrainian female canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Ukraine
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Kyiv
Canoeists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Bandar Baru Bangi (literal translation: Bangi New Town) is a township situated in Hulu Langat District, in southeastern Selangor, Malaysia.
It is named after the small town of Bangi situated further south. It is located between Kajang and Putrajaya (formerly Prang Besar) and is about 25 km away from the capital city, Kuala Lumpur. Bandar Baru Bangi is also known as "Bandar Berilmu" or knowledgeable city since 2008 as numerous universities are located here including the National University of Malaysia.
The name of the town usually is abbreviated as "BBB". As of 2016, there are 16 town sections in the town.
Features
Bandar Baru Bangi is also known as a "Knowledge Town" as it is home to Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (National University of Malaysia). Other public universities including Universiti Tenaga Nasional and Universiti Putra Malaysia are also nearby.
It is also famous for its eateries. There are mamak stalls, seafood, Malaysian, Thai, Arabic as well as Japanese restaurants. There are several night markets, supermarkets, malls, and hotels in the town. Bangi Golf resort situated near section 6 is one of the largest golf resorts in Selangor state. The Bangi Town Centre was planned together with a proposed town park for PKNS by Peter Verity the international urbanist and architect, and is now the major commercial centre of the new town of Bangi.
Educational institutions
Private schools:
Sekolah Rendah Islam Pintar Tahfiz
Institut Pintar Tahfiz Fuqaha (secondary school)
SRI Ayesha
Seri ABIM
Sekolah Islam Sri Al-Amin
Sekolah Rendah Islam Tahfiz Ilmuwan
Sekolah Rendah Integrasi Islam BangiKu
Primary schools:
Sekolah Kebangsaan Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Kebangsaan Jalan 3 Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Kebangsaan Jalan 4 Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Kebangsaan Jalan 6 Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Kebangsaan Seksyen 7 Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Jenis Kebangsaan Tamil West Country
Sekolah Rendah Agama Integrasi Bandar Baru Bangi
Secondary schools:
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Jalan 3 Bandar Baru Bang
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Jalan 4 Bandar Baru Bangi
Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Jalan Reko
SMKA Maahad Hamidiah Kajang
Higher education:
Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM)
Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM)
Infrastructure University Kuala Lumpur (IUKL), formerly known as Kuala Lumpur Infrastructure University College (KLIUC)
Training centres
Bangi Government and Private Training Centre Area
Research centres
Malaysian Nuclear Agency (formerly known as Malaysia Institute of Nuclear Technology Research (MINT))
Malaysian Palm Oil Board (MPOB)
Industry
Sony
Hitachi
DENSO
Pepsi
Notable people
Lt. Adnan bin Saidi
Azmyl Yunor
Datuk Dr Mohd Fadzillah Kamsah
Transportation
Trains
The town is served by KTM UKM station under the KTM Seremban Line. The station is located at Persiaran KWSP which is 1 km away from UKM area.
Buses
The town is served by 4 routes from MRT Feeder Bus as well as 2 routes from Smart Selangor.
References
External links
Hulu Langat District
Townships in Selangor
The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is the main international standards organization for the World Wide Web. Founded in 1994 and led by Tim Berners-Lee, the consortium is made up of member organizations that maintain full-time staff working together in the development of standards for the World Wide Web. , W3C had 459 members. W3C also engages in education and outreach, develops software and serves as an open forum for discussion about the Web.
History
The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) was founded in 1994 by Tim Berners-Lee after they left the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) in October 1994. It was founded at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Laboratory for Computer Science with support from the European Commission, and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which had pioneered the ARPANET, one of the predecessors to the Internet. It was located in Technology Square until 2004, when it moved, with the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, to the Stata Center.
The organization tries to foster compatibility and agreement among industry members in the adoption of new standards defined by the W3C. Incompatible versions of HTML are offered by different vendors, causing inconsistency in how web pages are displayed. The consortium tries to get all those vendors to implement a set of core principles and components that are chosen by the consortium.
It was originally intended that CERN host the European branch of W3C; however, CERN wished to focus on particle physics, not information technology. In April 1995, the French Institute for Research in Computer Science and Automation became the European host of W3C, with Keio University Research Institute at SFC becoming the Asian host in September 1996. Starting in 1997, W3C created regional offices around the world. As of September 2009, it had eighteen World Offices covering Australia, the Benelux countries (Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg), Brazil, China, Finland, Germany, Austria, Greece, Hong Kong, Hungary, India, Israel, Italy, South Korea, Morocco, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, and, as of 2016, the United Kingdom and Ireland.
In October 2012, W3C convened a community of major web players and publishers to establish a MediaWiki wiki that seeks to document open web standards called the WebPlatform and WebPlatform Docs.
In January 2013, Beihang University became the Chinese host.
Specification maturation
Sometimes, when a specification becomes too large, it is split into independent modules that can mature at their own pace. Subsequent editions of a module or specification are known as levels and are denoted by the first integer in the title (e.g. CSS3 = Level 3). Subsequent revisions on each level are denoted by an integer following a decimal point (for example, CSS2.1 = Revision 1).
The W3C standard formation process is defined within the W3C process document, outlining four maturity levels through which each new standard or recommendation must progress.
Working draft (WD)
After enough content has been gathered from 'editor drafts' and discussion, it may be published as a working draft (WD) for review by the community. A WD document is the first form of a standard that is publicly available. Commentary by virtually anyone is accepted, though no promises are made with regard to action on any particular element commented upon.
At this stage, the standard document may have significant differences from its final form. As such, anyone who implements WD standards should be ready to significantly modify their implementations as the standard matures.
Candidate recommendation (CR)
A candidate recommendation is a version of a standard that is more mature than the WD. At this point, the group responsible for the standard is satisfied that the standard meets its goal. The purpose of the CR is to elicit aid from the development community as to how implementable the standard is.
The standard document may change further, but at this point, significant features are mostly decided. The design of those features can still change due to feedback from implementors.
Proposed recommendation (PR)
A proposed recommendation is the version of a standard that has passed the prior two levels. The users of the standard provide input. At this stage, the document is submitted to the W3C Advisory Council for final approval.
While this step is important, it rarely causes any significant changes to a standard as it passes to the next phase.
W3C recommendation (REC)
This is the most mature stage of development. At this point, the standard has undergone extensive review and testing, under both theoretical and practical conditions. The standard is now endorsed by the W3C, indicating its readiness for deployment to the public, and encouraging more widespread support among implementors and authors.
Recommendations can sometimes be implemented incorrectly, partially, or not at all, but many standards define two or more levels of conformance that developers must follow if they wish to label their product as W3C-compliant.
Later revisions
A recommendation may be updated or extended by separately-published, non-technical errata or editor drafts until sufficient substantial edits accumulate for producing a new edition or level of the recommendation. Additionally, the W3C publishes various kinds of informative notes which are to be used as references.
Certification
Unlike the Internet Society and other international standards bodies, the W3C does not have a certification program. The W3C has decided, for now, that it is not suitable to start such a program, owing to the risk of creating more drawbacks for the community than benefits.
Administration
The Consortium is jointly administered by the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (located in Stata Center) in the United States, the (in Sophia Antipolis, France), Keio University (in Japan) and Beihang University (in China). The W3C also has World Offices in eighteen regions around the world. The W3C Offices work with their regional web communities to promote W3C technologies in local languages, broaden the W3C's geographical base and encourage international participation in W3C Activities.
The W3C has a staff team of 70–80 worldwide . W3C is run by a management team which allocates resources and designs strategy, led by CEO Jeffrey Jaffe (as of March 2010), former CTO of Novell. It also includes an advisory board which supports in strategy and legal matters and helps resolve conflicts. The majority of standardization work is done by external experts in the W3C's various working groups.
Membership
The Consortium is governed by its membership. The list of members is available to the public. Members include businesses, nonprofit organizations, universities, governmental entities, and individuals.
Membership requirements are transparent except for one requirement: An application for membership must be reviewed and approved by the W3C. Many guidelines and requirements are stated in detail, but there is no final guideline about the process or standards by which membership might be finally approved or denied.
The cost of membership is given on a sliding scale, depending on the character of the organization applying and the country in which it is located. Countries are categorized by the World Bank's most recent grouping by gross national income per capita.
Criticism
In 2012 and 2013, the W3C started considering adding DRM-specific Encrypted Media Extensions (EME) to HTML5, which was criticised as being against the openness, interoperability, and vendor neutrality that distinguished websites built using only W3C standards from those requiring proprietary plug-ins like Flash. On 18 September 2017, the W3C published the EME specification as a recommendation, leading to the Electronic Frontier Foundation's resignation from W3C. As feared by the opponents of EME, , none of the widely used Content Decryption Modules used with EME is available for licensing without a per-browser licensing fee.
Standards
W3C/Internet Engineering Task Force standards (over Internet protocol suite):
References
External links
About the World Wide Web Consortium
W3C Technical Reports and Publications
W3C Process Document
W3C History
How to read W3C specs
1994 establishments in the United States
Internet Standard organizations
Organizations established in 1994
Organizations based in Cambridge, Massachusetts
Standards organizations in the United States
Technology consortia
Web development
Web services
Tim Berners-Lee
Acalolepta luxuriosa (also known as the Udo longhorn beetle) is a beetle in the longhorn beetle family. The Japanese common name is .
Mating
Male Acalolepta luxuriousa will often wander around in order to look for females, and much more active than their counterparts often even flying greater distances to locate females. Once the female is located licking, grasping, copulation, and mounting is oriented by the active male, even if it is an uncooperative female (Wang). The copulations would last between 20 seconds to 10 minutes, usually last in average of about 4 minutes (Akutsu et al.).
References
Beetles described in 1873
Acalolepta
Charles Upfold (15 December 1834 – 14 March 1919), Justice of the Peace (9 September 1887), was an English soap manufacturer of great prominence in Australia. They were also a Director of Aberdare Collieries Co. Ltd., and the Chairman of the board of management for its railways.
Family & background
Charles Upfold was born in Grove Street, Walworth Common, (both now gone), Surrey (today Walworth, London), then a prosperous middle-class district. Their father, John Upfold, was a fellmonger. Charles was baptised in Sir John Soane's new St.Peter's Church of England at Walworth, on 7 January 1835. An excellent photograph of this splendid church can be found on page 206 of London's Churches by Christopher Hibbert.
Charles Upfold served their apprenticeship as a soap maker with John Knight & Co. at their Wapping soapworks in London, just across the river from the parishes where Charles's father resided and worked. Knight's Castile soap is still sold today. Their sister, Eliza, married James Knight. Charles was later a Director of Knights.
Charles appears on the UK 1851 Census Return, with their parents and married sister Eliza Knight at 11 Brandon Street, parish of St.Mary Newington, London, (then in Surrey), where they are described as a "soap maker".
Business in New South Wales
In 1860 they were already engaged in business in New South Wales and upon their marriage at West Maitland, New South Wales in 1864 (to Sarah, née Blundell, from Finchley), they were described as a "soap maker". When their first son, John, was born in 1865 at Morpeth, New South Wales, Charles was described as a soap-boiler, aged 27 years and born at Walworth, London, England. When their son Robert was born in 1869, Charles was described as a "soap manufacturer".
That year Charles Upfold purchased the soap and candle factory of Frederick Nainby at Wickham and Honeysuckle Point, Newcastle, and in the Newcastle Chronicle of 16 May 1869 there is a reference to the "Great Northern Soap and Candle Works, proprietor, Charles Upfold." By the following year Upfolds plants were producing 9,420 hundredweight of soap and 600 cwt of candles. By 1872 soap production had increased to 21,000 cwt. Most was exported, much to China. That year Upfold expanded their Australian trading links by establishing a Sydney office at 50 Clarence Street.
In 1877 Charles Upfold had been back in London and visiting factories in England. The following year they are listed under Wickham, in Newcastle, "Charles Upfold, soap manufacturer". Also in Wickham were Charles's three brothers-in-law, Albert, James, and John Blundell, who came from Finchley, Middlesex, (north London), and were clearly all working for Charles as their occupations are given as soap-boilers.
Expansion
In 1885 Charles Upfold was rapidly expanding their industrial base, having purchased further land at Newcastle, this time from Peter Crebert, a wine merchant, whose daughter Elizabeth would later marry Charles's eldest son, John. Upfold's company called for tenders for the building of a new work costing £50,000, and the installation of machinery valued at a further £83,000, on a twenty two acres site at Port Waratah, close to the Ferndale Colliery at Tighe's Hill, whence cheap coal was expected. The soap making equipment was the 'newest American' but English manufacturers had supplied the candle making plant. These works were the largest in Australia.
A journalist wrote in 1886: "A representative of this journal called at the Tighe's Hill Soap Works on Saturday last to see what progress was being made. There are four distinct departments: 1. The manufacture of soap – toilet, household and soft, 2. Stearine and parafine candles, 3. Refining glycerine, 4. Making all kinds of lubricating oils and machinery grease. The soap department is very nearly in full swing. Toilet soap was started last Saturday. Large quantities of candles are being turned out, which have to be pronounced up to the highest standard, imported or colonial. Preparations are in full swing for exhibiting the works in the fullest manner on the occasion of Lord & Lady Carrington's visit. At the Wickham works plant is being erected for the manufacture of blue, blacking and grocer's sundries. Altogether, this is one of the most gigantic undertakings of its kind in Australia."
They eventually controlled the colony's largest soap industry – The Sydney Soap and Candle Company, in which John Ambrose Kitchen, who had a small factory at Melbourne, had a minority interest, was registered 25 July 1885. As the name implies, the registered office, along with a smaller factory at Botany, was at Sydney, the capital city of the colony, but the biggest works by far were at Tighes Hill, Newcastle. Probably their most famous product, one which stood the test of time, was Siren soap, which was later renamed Velvet. It was still being marketed in N.S.W., by Unilever in the latter part of the 20th century. Many argued that it was superior to Lever Bros famous Sunlight soap.
In the 1888 Official Post Office Directory for New South Wales, Newcastle District, (p. 424), there appears "Upfold, Charles, soap factory".
On 6 April 1895 the Newcastle Morning Herald carried a large article entitled "Departure of Mr Charles Upfold – Citizen's Send-off". Charles was about to depart for England, Europe and America, and a large function was given in their honour at the Centennial Hotel in Newcastle, with an impressive guest list of local worthies. They returned from that overseas trip at the end of September and another large article describing their tour appeared in the same newspaper on 3 October 1895.
In 1895 the Port Waratah works employed over 500 people. In 1898 their son, Robert Wallace Upfold, now manager of the soap & candle factory, was married to Clara, daughter of John Scholey, (a local landowner and colliery proprietor from Leeds; described in the 1901 Federal Directory as a "gentleman"). Charles Upfold, the father, is described on the certificate as "Managing Director – Soap Works". Robert had a residence in Woodstock Street, North Waratah, and the 1901 Federal Directory of Newcastle & District records them as a "manufacturer".
On 21 October 1899, Charles Upfold was mentioned as being on the committee of the Newcastle Chamber of Commerce.
The late professor John Turner wrote: "the modern technology and large scale of the Sydney Soap and Candle Company made it the outstanding industrial establishment of its kind. Upfold had wide experience of colonial conditions and constructed their Port Waratah works on recent British and American lines, in a location which gave unequalled access to tallow and coal."
They appear to have taken an additional interest in mining. In 1897 they were part of a syndicate which was proposing to purchase a gold mine at Barraba, New South Wales. In 1904 they were also a Director (along with their friend John Scholey) of Aberdare Collieries Co.Ltd., and the Chairman of the board of management for its railways.
On 2 September 1899 they left Sydney on board the Oceanic Steamship Company's RMS Alameda for Samoa to arrange for purchases of shipments of copra.
Civic, family, and death
In 1871 Charles Upfold was an Alderman on the Wickham Municipal Council, Newcastle. and they were still there in 1878 when they held Tighe's Hill Ward. However the following year they resigned. In 1884 through to 1896, they were an elected Alderman on Waratah Municipal Council, near Newcastle.
On 9 September 1887 they were made a magistrate and frequently sat upon the bench.
Upfold was listed as vice-president of the New Year's Day "Newcastle Regatta" in 1893 and 1900.
In March 1893 Upfold and their eldest son Robert contracted serious food poisoning after eating tinned meat on a picnic. They were reported as being in a "very bad way" in Newcastle Hospital.
In 1899 they are mentioned as a vice-president of the Newcastle Agricultural, Horticultural, and Industrial Association (Patron, Lord Beauchamp), more commonly known as the Newcastle Show Society, when it was negotiating with the Australian Agricultural Company for land for a showground.
On 26 February 1900 Upfold laid the Foundation Stone of the Tighe's Hill School of Arts, Newcastle. The stone remains in situ today. They were involved in the Victoria Theatre Company which erected, in 1890, Newcastle's first theatre of an international standard. For many years they were also a member of the committee of the Newcastle Jockey Club.
Charles Upfold built a large mansion on a piece of land in Crebert Street, North Waratah (now Mayfield), given to them by their friend John Scholey. It was later sold to the famous biscuit manufacturer William Arnott who sold it in 1898 to Isaac Winn, owner of the big Newcastle department store. It is today a home for the aged, owned by the Methodist Church. Charles Upfold subsequently purchased a small estate, 'Orange Grove', near Raymond Terrace, containing extensive orchards, vineyards, and a dairy farm, where they built another fine country residence. They subsequently retired and moved to Chatswood, Sydney, where they died.
Upfold and their wife, Sarah Ann Temperance (née Blundell) (b. 1843, Finchley Common, – d.1921, Cronulla, Sydney) had ten children: four sons and six daughters.
Following their death the Upfold shares were bought by Lever Bros who were busy acquiring the paid up capital of Kitchen & Co., of Melbourne, Victoria, who had merged during The Great War with the Sydney Soap & Candle Co. John H. Kitchen, Managing Director of the Sydney Soap & Candle Company, testified in an Inquiry in Sydney on Friday 7 December 1917 that in 1914 Lever Brothers in England had acquired one-fifth of the company shares. This new amalgamated firm later became Lever & Kitchen.
Eventually, Levers gained full control & dropped the 'Kitchen' altogether. With the decline in candle-making, the Sino-Japanese war (much of Charles Upfold's exports went to China – they had warehouses in Canton and their son Robert spoke Cantonese), coupled with the now ageing plant, the Newcastle factory was closed down just before World War II, a great blow to the city. A new factory for the Australian Wire Rope Works was built upon its site.
A very long street in the suburb of Mayfield is named Upfold Street after the great man himself.
Upfold was buried in the Congregational section of the Gore Hill Cemetery, Sydney, their funeral service was conducted by a Church of England minister, Rev. Alfred G.Perkins. There were numerous notices and obituaries in the newspapers following their death.
References
Historical Records of Newcastle 1797–1897, published at Newcastle, N.S.W., in 1897, pps: 19,68,71, and adverts.
The Federal Directory of Newcastle and District, Newcastle, 1901 (reprinted 1981, )
Lever Business in Australasia, 1889–1930 (no date) p. 20.
The Story of John Knight Ltd in the Lever Brothers magazine Progress, Spring 1932, pp. 60/65.
Charles Upfold and the Sydney Soap and Candle Factory by W. J. Goold, in the Monthly Journal of the Newcastle & Hunter District Historical Society; Vol. III, part VII, April 1949.
"The Story of John Ambrose Kitchen" in the Unilever Australia Reporter, September 1956, pp. 20/23.
The History of Unilever, by Charles Wilson, London: Cassell, 1970, pp. 15–17, 123–124, 197–198.
Manufacturing in Newcastle 1801–1900 by John W. Turner, Newcastle, 1980, pp. 50–51,55–57, 66–68, 95–96.
1834 births
1919 deaths
History of Newcastle, New South Wales
Port Stephens Council
English expatriates in Australia
British chief executives
People from Walworth
19th-century English businesspeople
"Baby Take Me in Your Arms" is a 1968 song composed by Tony Macaulay and John Macleod.
The most famous recording of the song was by Jefferson in late 1969. Jefferson's version became a Top 40 pop and adult contemporary hit during the winter of 1970 in the U.S. and Canada. Although the artist, Geoffrey Turton, is British and the LP was released in the UK, the single was not. "Baby Take Me in Your Arms" went to No. 12 on WABC-AM in New York City.
Chart history
Weekly charts
Other versions
The Paper Dolls recorded the song in 1968, before Jefferson's version, on their album, Paper Dolls House. Their version was not released as a single.
Bobby Vinton covered "Baby Take Me in Your Arms" on their 1970 LP My Elusive Dreams.
Under the truncated title "Take Me in Your Arms," Edison Lighthouse covered the song on their 1971 LP, Already.
See also
List of 1970s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
External links
Lyrics of this song
Songs written by Tony Macaulay
Songs written by John Macleod (songwriter)
1968 songs
1969 singles
1960s ballads
British songs
Laurette Séjourné (Perugia, October 19, 1911 – Mexico City, May 25, 2003) was a Mexican archeologist and ethnologist best known for their study of the civilizations of Teotihuacan and the Aztecs and their theories concerning the Mesoamerican culture hero, Quetzalcoatl.
Laurette Séjourné was born in Perugia, Italy, as Laura Valentini Corsa, although one also finds them mentioned as Laura Bianchi. Little is known about their early years; even their precise birth date is rarely mentioned. In their prime youth, they appear to have moved to France, perhaps in connection with the fascist take-over of 1922; in later life, they still wrote in French. They married a Frenchman, Séjourné, and participated in cultural life and the world of the cinema, meeting such figures as André Breton and Jean Cocteau. Strongly politicized like many others at the times, they divorced their husband, and became the partner of Viktor Kibalchich or Kibaltchitch (1890-1947), a Russian novelist and revolutionary also known as Victor Serge. They left occupied France in 1942 to join them in exile in Mexico. There, they became a naturalized Mexican citizen and married him. Soon after their death, they joined the Mexican Communist Party. Later, they remarried with Arnaldo Orfila, director of the Fondo de Cultura Económica and founder of Siglo XXI Editores.
Séjourné's militant spirit can be captured from a passage like the following one:
Later, their focus came to rest more and more on what to them was the embodiment of this Prehispanic 'utopia', Quetzalcoatl.
During the 1950s, Séjourné worked for Mexico's National Institute of Anthropology and History (INAH). They did anthropological fieldwork in Oaxaca, but then changed to the field of archaeology, excavating at the pre-Spanish metropolis of Teotihuacan, which they believed was the legendary Tollan. They published several beautifully illustrated books on the art and architecture of Teotihuacan. Although they were the first to recognize the discontinuity between Teotihuacan and the much later Aztec civilization, their archaeological work has been subject to criticism.
To a wider public they became known through their 1957 publication on the cosmology and religion of the Toltecs and Aztecs, translated into English as Burning Water: Thought and Religion in Ancient Mexico. The book's main focus is the figure of Tollan's priestly king, Quetzalcoatl, and their teachings. Five years later, there was a follow-up in Quetzalcoatls' Universe (El Universo de Quetzalcoatl, 1962). Perhaps influenced by the ideas of Carl Jung, or by the historian of religion, Mircea Eliade, with whom Séjourné maintained a correspondence, these books sketch a rather spiritualized image of king Quetzalcoatl and their legendary reign, referring to 'laws of interior preparation' supposedly left by the Toltec king and to advances 'along the road to spirituality' made possible by these.
Laurette Séjourné's final years were dedicated to bringing education to the Indian peoples of the south of Mexico. Them work is still valued by specialists.
Notes
Bibliography of Laurette Séjourné
Palenque, una ciudad maya, Mexico, Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1952.
Supervivencias de un mundo mágico, imágenes de 4 pueblos mexicanos, dessins de Leonora Carrington, Mexico, Tezontle, 1953.
Pensamiento y religión en el México antiguo, Mexico, Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1957 ; English translation: Burning water, thought and religion in Ancient Mexico, Shambala 1976 [Thames & Hudson, 1957] ; La Pensée des anciens Mexicains, Paris, F. Maspero, 1966.
Un Palacio en la ciudad de los dioses, Teotihuacán, Mexico, Instituto nacional de antropología e historia, 1959.
El Universo de Quetzalcóatl, Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1962.
Arqueología de Teotihuacán, la cerámica, Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1966.
Teotihuacan, métropole de l'Amérique, Paris, F. Maspero, 1969.
Antiguas culturas precolombinas, México, Siglo XXI de España editores, 1976.
El Pensamiento náhuatl cifrado en los calendarios, Siglo XXI, 1983.
[https://books.google.com/books?id=ORct_IoyBbUC&lpg=PP1&dq=laurette%20sejourne&pg=PP1#v=onepage&q=laurette%20sejourne&f=false Teotihuacan, capital de los Toltecas, Mexico, Siglo Veintiuno Editores, 1994]
Cosmogonia de Mesoamérica, Mexico, Siglo veintiuno editores, 2004.
Correspondence
Ecris-moi à Mexico: correspondance inédite 1941-1942, Paris, Signes et balises, 2017. [Correspondence with Victor Serge]
References
Claudio Albertani, Recuerdo de Vlady (1920-2005). El pintor de la revolución social. In La Palabra y el Hombre no. 138 (Abril-Junio 2006).
Mircea Eliade, Journal II (1957-1969). University of Chicago Press, Chicago 1989.
Michel Graulich, Le “couple” Kibaltchitch et la civilisation mexicaine. In Socialisme, No. 226-227, July–October 1991.
Guadelupe Ortiz Elguea, Historia [del grupo editorial Orfila Valentini], www.orfilavalentini.com
Esther Pasztory, Teotihuacan: An Experiment in Living. Norman: University of Oklahoma Press 1997.
Susan Weissmann, Victor Serge: The course is set on hope. Verso, London 2001.
Zavala Alonso, ed., Noticiario INAH: Laurette Séjourné, inspiración y reflexión para la arqueología mexicana. www.arts-history.mx
External links
. Emilio Cantón (dir.), Agua Quemada, Laurette Séjourné, la unión de los contrarios. Mexico: INAH 2005.
1911 births
2003 deaths
People from Perugia
French archaeologists
French Mesoamericanists
Mexican archaeologists
Mexican Mesoamericanists
Women Mesoamericanists
Naturalized citizens of Mexico
Mexican people of French descent
Italian people of French descent
Mesoamerican anthropologists
Aztec scholars
20th-century Mesoamericanists
20th-century archaeologists
Mexican women archaeologists
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Kawamoto was born in Nagoya on September 25, 1982. After graduating from high school, they joined J2 League club Oita Trinita in 2001. Although Trinita won the champions in 2002 season and was promoted to J1 League, they could not play at all in the match until 2003. In 2004, they moved to Japan Football League (JFL) club Ehime FC. Although they could not play many matches, Ehime won the champions in 2005 season and was promoted to J2 from 2006. In 2006, they played 14 matches in J2. In 2007, they moved to JFL club Sagawa Printing. They played as regular goalkeeper in 2007 season. However their opportunity to play decreased from 2008. In 2012, they moved to JFL club Zweigen Kanazawa. However they could not play at all in the match and retired end of 2012 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
j-league
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Aichi Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Oita Trinita players
Ehime FC players
SP Kyoto FC players
Zweigen Kanazawa players
Association football goalkeepers
Marie-Andrée Bertrand (June 12, 1925March 6, 2011) was a French-Canadian criminologist, a feminist and anti-prohibitionist.
Biography
Bertrand was born in Montreal and started their career as a social worker for female offenders, mainly prostitutes. In 1963, they received a master's degree from the Université de Montréal. They went on to study criminology at the School of Criminology, University of California, Berkeley, where they got their Ph.D. in 1967. They held a professorship in criminology at the School of Criminology, Université de Montréal. They continued to work, until their death, doing research, teaching and publishing. In 1999/2000 and again in 2000/2001, they taught a course on "Gender, Colour and Legal Norms" in the Masters Program at the International Institute for the Sociology of Law in Onati, Spain. Marie-Andrée Bertrand died on March 6, 2011, in Montreal.
Main areas of research
The focus of Bertrand's research was on three areas: drug policy, the treatment of women by criminal justice agencies, and, more generally, critical, feminist theory concerning criminology and sociology of law. Among their main works is an international comparison of female criminality (1979, 2003) and a comparative analysis of women's prisons(1998).
Activism
Bertrand went beyond mere academic work in several fields. As a young professor, they served as one of 5 Commissioners on the Le Dain Commission, which was charged to look into the effects of non-medical drug use on Canadian society. The commission's final report came out in favour of repealing the prohibition against simple possession of cannabis (3 of the Commissioners: LeDain, Lehmann and Stein), along with two minority reports one to maintain the prohibition for all cannabis offences (Campbell) and the other, by Marie-Andree Bertrand, to adopt full legalization of cannabis. Later, they joined Marco Pannella and their International Antiprohibitionist League, becoming eventually president of the organization. Among their causes was also the abolition of prisons, which goal they called "a necessary utopia". But first and last, they were an untiring feminist. As late as 2007, they are being quoted as saying: "A retired feminist does not easily repose and has no desire to do so".
Publications (selection)
Self-image and social representations of female offenders : a comparative study of female criminality in seven countries, Doctoral thesis, University of California, Berkeley, 1967. Reprint: Self image and social representation of female offenders: a contribution to the study of women's image in some societies. Ann Arbor, Michigan 1974.
La femme et le crime. Montréal 1979.
Perspectives féministes sur le droit pénal », Actes du Premier sommet mondial : Femmes et multidiniensionnalité du pouvoir, Montréal. 1990, pp. 138-140.
From La donna delinquente to a postmodern deconstruction of the "woman question" in social control theory. In: The Journal of Human Justice, 5, 2, Spring 1994, pp. 43–57.
The place and status of feminist criminology in Germany, Denmark, Norway and Finland. In: N. Rafter und F. Heidensohn (Hrsg.): International Feminist Perspectives on Criminology - Engendering a Discipline. 1995, S. 107–124.
Constructivism and postmodernism seen from feminism. In: Politischer Wandel, Gesellschaft und Kriminalitatdiskurse. Festschrift in Honour of Fritz Sack, Trutz von Trotha, editor, Baden-Baden, Nomos Publishing Co., 1996, pp. 167–181.
Women in Prisons: A Comparative Study. In: Caribbean Journal of Criminology and Social Psychology, 1996, 1, 1, pp. 38–58
Prisons pour femmes. (with Louise Biron et al.) Montréal 1998.
Le Droit comme Instrument de Mondialisation. In: J. Feest (Hrsg.): Globalization and Legal Cultures. Onati 1999, S. 113–139.
Incarceration as a Gendering Strategy. In: Canadian Journal of Law and Society, 1999, 14, 1, pp. 45–60 (Sondernummer über Gender, Ethnizität, (Hetero)Sexualität und Normen. Herausgegeben von Marie-Andrée Bertrand).
Les femmes et la criminalité. Montréal 2003.
Le reve d'une societé sans risques. In: Drogues, santé et societé. Band 4, Nr. 2, Dezember 2005, S. 9–48.
Comparing women's prisons: epistemological and methodological issues. In: D. Nelken (Hrsg.) Contrasting Criminal Justice. Aldershot 2006, 117–135.
References and footnotes
Canadian sociologists
Canadian criminologists
Université de Montréal faculty
1925 births
2011 deaths
Officers of the National Order of Quebec
Canadian women sociologists
Women criminologists
Niram Marunna Nimishangal is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mohan. The film stars Jayabharathi and Sukumaran in the lead roles. The film has musical score by Shyam.
Cast
Jayabharathi
Sukumaran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Shyam and the lyrics were written by Bichu Thirumala.
References
External links
1982 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
House of Wolves is a 2016 Hong Kong comedy film co-written and directed by Vincent Kok, who also appears in a supporting role in the film, and starring Francis Ng and Ronald Cheng. The film was released on 21 January 2016.
Plot
Charlie (Francis Ng) is a swindler who pretends to be a patient with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patient, while Fung Yan-ping (Ronald Cheng) is an idle village leader. These two self-proclaimed wicked men fall in love at first sight with Yu Chun (Jiang Shuying), a newcomer to the village. Chun arrives to the village after falling out with their ex-boyfriend and is pregnant with their child. While helpless, Chun devises a scheme where they invite Charlie and Yan-ping to their house for dinner, causing them to be drunk and mistakenly believing that one of them have impregnated them Unable to find out who the real father of the child, Charlie and Yan-ping both take care of Chun. One day, Charlie and Yan-ping realize that neither one of them are the father of Chun's father, and furiously return them to their ex-boyfriend in exchange for cash. Afterwards, by chance, Charlie and Yan-ping discovers that Chun's ex-boyfriend plan to use their child for an experiment and decides to rescue Chun and their unborn child.
Cast
Francis Ng as Charlie
Ronald Cheng as Fung Yan-ping
Jiang Shuying as Yu Chun
Candice Yu
Babyjohn Choi
Ella Koon
Derek Tsang
Vincent Kok
Guest appearance
Lam Chi-chung
Ha Chun-chau
Steven Fung
Tam Ping-man
Cheung Tat-ming
Sam Lee
Josie Ho
Bonnie Wong
Yu Mo-lin
Lo Fan
Eman Lam
Wylie Chiu
Ken Lo
Tin Kai-man
Terence Tsui
Kwok Wai-kwok
Cheng Man-fai
Lydia Lau
Louis Yuen
Chrissie Chau
Music
Theme song
Sunny Day, Cloudy Day, Rainy Day (晴天陰天雨天)
Composer/Singer: Ronald Cheng
Lyricist: Tang Wai-sing
Arranger: Dennie Wong
Insert theme
La chanson dé liseuse
Composer/Arranger: Dennie Wong
Lyricist/Singer: Vicky Fung
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy films
Hong Kong comedy films
Hong Kong slapstick comedy films
2010s Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Vincent Kok
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
2010s Hong Kong films
Tisobis Valley () is an ice-free valley just northeast of Mount Henderson in Britannia Range. Named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato (N.Z.) geological party, 1978–79, led by Michael Selby. Tisobis is a historical name used in Roman Britain for the River Dwyryd.
Valleys of Oates Land
CuteMX was an early P2P file sharing program that emerged prior to Napster's demise. Like services such as Napster and Scour, CuteMX used a centrally-located server for connecting users of the service and their shared files. CuteMX was developed by GlobalSCAPE in 2000 but unlike Napster, Globalscape decided to pull the service due to intense litigation around Napster, preferring to honor the copyright complaints by the music industry artists and their associates, and reconsider introducing CuteMX after the issues were decided and clarified in the courts, even though CuteMX had actually gained a fairly sizable dedicated user base. GlobalSCAPE announced in July 2000 that they had shut down CuteMX temporarily due to Napster's ongoing court battles. The last version of the CuteMX client (2.5) was released in August 2000 with content filtering technology meant to prevent trading of illegal files and to appease the movie and music recording industries. In spite of the positive results for Napster from their own litigation, no further versions of the CuteMX program were released.
The "MX" in the CuteMX name stood for "Media eXchange" and "Music eXchange"
Technology
The CuteMX client had an integrated version of Windows Media Player. Additional client features included DCC (direct client-to-client) transfer for trusted users and private chat and instant messaging functionality.
References
External links
GlobalSCAPE new products press release - November 15, 1999
File sharing software
Windows file sharing software
2000 software
The 1987-88 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Agen that beat Stadoceste (Tarbes) in the final.
Formula
The tournament was played by 80 clubs divided in sixteen pools of five. .
The two better of each pool (a sum of 32 clubs) were admitted to the group A to play for the title
In the second round the 32 clubs of group A were divided in four pools of eight.
The four better of each pool of group A (16 clubs) were qualified to play the knockout stage
Group A Qualification to knockout stage
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted to "last 16" round.
Knockout stages
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale 1988 lnr.fr
1988
France
Championship
Gianni Di Gregorio (born 19 February 1949) is an Italian director, screenwriter and actor.
Life and career
Born in Rome, Di Gregorio trained as a stage actor and director in the Drama School of Alessandro Fersen. They started their professional career as a screenwriter in the second half of the 1980s.
In the 1990s Di Gregorio started collaborating with Matteo Garrone as a screenwriter, an actor and an assistant director, their most famous work being the 2008 award winning film Gomorrah. They made their directorial debut in 2008, with the critically acclaimed Mid-August Lunch, which they also wrote and starred; they followed that up with three other films in the same vein The Salt of Life (2011), Good for Nothing (2014) & Citizen of the World (2019).
Filmography
Giovanni Senzapensieri (1986, co-writer)
Sembra morto... ma è solo svenuto (1986, co-writer)
Stazione di servizio (1989, co-writer, 2 episodes)
Affetti speciali (1989, co-writer)
Naufraghi sotto costa (1991, co-writer)
Ospiti (1998, actor as Giacomo)
Estate romana (2000, actor as Lodeger)
Viva la scimmia (2002, co-writer)
Gomorrah (2008, co-writer)
Mid-August Lunch (2008, director and co-writer)
The Salt of Life (2011, director and co-writer)
Good for Nothing (2014, director and co-writer)
Citizen of the World (2019, director and co-writer)
References
External links
1949 births
20th-century Italian people
Living people
European Film Award for Best Screenwriter winners
Italian film directors
Italian male film actors
Italian male screenwriters
Italian screenwriters
Film people from Rome
TsNIITochMash () is a Russian industrial design bureau which is a major designer and producer of weapons for the Russian military and MVD Internal Troops. The name is an initialism for Central Scientific - Research Institute for Precision Machine Engineering (Центральный научно-исследовательский институт точного машиностроения).
TsNIITochMash determines the development of and develops small arms and simulators for them, individual field equipment, conducts R&D on control systems for precision-guided munitions (as well as protection against them), field artillery systems and new materials. It also develops most cartridges, from small arms up to 14.5×114mm, for the Russian Army.
Military products
9×21mm Gyurza SR-1M Gyurza pistol, cartridges: SP-10, SP-11
9×21mm Gyurza SR-2 Udav pistol, cartridges: SP-10, SP-11
9×21mm Gyurza SR-2 Veresk submachine gun, cartridges: SP-10, SP-11
9×39mm SR-3 Vikhr compact assault rifle, cartridges: SP-5, SP-6
9×39mm AS Val "special automatic rifle," cartridges: SP-5, SP-6
9×39mm VSS Vintorez "special sniper rifle," cartridges: SP-5, SP-6
7.62×42mm PSS silenced pistol, cartridge: SP-4
5.66×39mm APS Underwater Assault Rifle, cartridges: MPS, MPST
4.5×40mmR SPP-1M Underwater pistol, cartridges: SPS
9M113M SACLOS Anti-tank missile
2S9 Nona
Zauralets-D
Concepts
5.45×39mm AL-7 assault rifle
5.45×39mm AO-63 assault rifle
Services
State Demonstration-Test Center - SDTC
Ordnance upgrade program for 120mm self-propelled Mortars - Nona-SVK, and 2S31 Vena
See also
List of Russian weaponry
TsNIIMash
References
External links
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Defence companies of the Soviet Union
Rostec
Companies based in Moscow Oblast
Project Naptha is a browser extension software for Google Chrome that allows users to highlight, copy, edit and translate text from within images. It was created by developer Kevin Kwok, and released in April 2014 as a Chrome add-on. This software was first made available only on Google Chrome, downloadable from the Chrome Web Store. It was then made available on Mozilla Firefox, downloadable from the Mozilla Firefox add-ons repository but was soon removed. The reason behind the removal remains unknown.
The web browser extension uses advanced imaging technology. Similar technologies have also been employed to produce hardcopy art, and the identification of these works.
By adopting several Optical Character Recognition (OCR) algorithms, including libraries developed by Microsoft Research and Google, text is automatically identified in images. The OCR enables the build-up of a model of text regions, words and letters from all images.
The OCR technology that Project Naptha adopts is a slightly differentiated technology in comparison to the technology used by software such as Google Drive and Microsoft OneNote to facilitate and analyse text within images. Project Naptha also makes use of a method called Stroke Width Transform (SWT), developed by Microsoft Research in 2008 as a form of text detection.
Origin of name
The name Naptha is derived from Naphtha, which is a general term that originated few thousand years ago and refers to flammable liquid hydrocarbon. The process of highlighting texts also inspired the naming of the project.
Difficulty in translation of words from images
The process of editing, copying or quoting text inside images was difficult before software such as Project Naptha arrived. Previously, the only way to search or copy a sentence from an image was to manually transcribe the text.
History
In May 2012, Kevin Kwok was reading about seam carving, an algorithm which was able to rescale images without distorting or damaging the quality of the image. Kwok noticed that they tend to converge and arrange themselves in a way that cut through the spaces in between letters. A particularly verbose comic inspired them to develop a software which can read images (with canvas), figure the positions of the lines and letters, and draw selection overlays to assuage a pervasive text-selection habit.
Kwok's first attempt was simple. They projected the image onto the side and a vertical pixel image histogram was formed. The significant valleys of the resulting histograms served as a signature for the ends of text lines. When horizontal lines are detected, all lines are automatically cropped, and the histogram process repeats itself until all horizontal lines in the image have been identified. In order to determine the letter position, a similar process was carried out, but vertically this time. However, carrying out the process vertically was unsuccessful as projections created were not readable. It was less effective, proving that the process was strictly applicable only for horizontal machine printed text. Faced with high technical difficulties, Kwok decided to abandon this project in 2012.
It was only until Kevin Kwok went on to study at Massachusetts Institute of Technology(MIT) and entered a hackathon, that they picked up this project again. This project eventually won them second place. To him, selecting texts in pictures was something that was manageable on a technical level. The relevant technology exists and was readily available for quite some time, yet for inexplicable reason, it hadn't been expanded for the application of translating texts from images. Once Kevin Kwok decided to start on their project again, the technology for transcription, translation, text erasure, and modification flowed naturally afterwards.
Technical Features
Before the Optical Character Recognition (OCR) can be applied, it has to first identify whether blocks of text exists in an image. Once the blocks of texts are identified, the OCR enables for the build-up of a model of text regions, words and letters from any images. This function provides users with the option to copy, translate and even modify text directly in every image, in real-time and in their Google Chrome browser.
The primary feature of Project Naptha is the text detection function. Running on an algorithm called the “Stroke Width Transform, developed by Microsoft Research in 2008, it provides the capability of identifying regions of text in a language-agnostic manner and detecting angled text and text in images. This is done by using the width of the lines that make up letters as a means to identify elements that could potentially be text rather than trying to spot predetermined separate features as a marker of text.
In this case, the programme becomes highly intuitive, similar to humans whereby we do not need to understand a language in order to recognize a written text.
Project Naptha automatically applies state-of-the-art computer vision algorithms on every image available when browsing the web, allowing users to highlight, copy and paste, edit and translate text which were formerly trapped within an image.
A technique similar to Photoshop's "Content-Aware Fill" feature called "inpainting” is adopted. These types of algorithms are famously known as a part of Adobe Photoshop's “Content-Aware Fill” feature. It involves the using of an algorithm that automatically fills in the space previously occupied by text with colors from the surrounding area, matching the font of the translated text in the style of the original image. This is done so by, first, detecting the text and retrieving the solid colours from the regions surrounding the text. Following, the colours will be spread around and inwards till the entire area is filled up. This technique allows user to reconstruct images as well as to edit and remove words from an image with the capturing and processing of the independent colours from regions around the edited text.
In order to provide a seamless and intuitive experience for the user, the extension technique tracks cursor movements and continuously extrapolates a second ahead based on its position and velocity, predicting where highlights might be made over an image. The Project Naptha software then scans and runs a processor-intensive character recognition algorithms, processing potential text that users might want to pick out from an image, ahead of time.
Application
Project Naptha can be used on a few applications, enabling users to copy texts from any images displayed in the browser. This includes comics, photos, screenshots, images with text overlays such as internet memes, animated GIFS, scans, diagrams with labels, and translations.
Comics
In October 2013, the first prototype for the extension for comics was released. The need for an extension for comic was due to the use of comic fonts, which are more casual and informal. Characters are often placed closely together as if they are connected and if one tries to copy and paste text from a comic, the copied text will usually appear to be jumbled up and unclear.
Photos
The algorithm used by Project Naptha for photos is the Stroke Width Transform, which was specially designed for detecting text in natural scenes and photographs. This is because photographs are generally tougher and more technically challenging to copy texts from as compared to most regular images.
Screenshots
For Screenshots, Project Naptha transforms static screenshots into something more similar to an interactive snapshot of the computer as it was when the screen was captured. The cursor changes when hovering over different parts, and blocks of text become selectable.
Editing Text on Images
Project Naptha allows one to erase and edit texts on an image by using the translation technology. This translation technology essentially makes use of “Inpainting”.
During the changing of a text, it uses the same trick that translation uses. The Translation menu includes the capability to translate in-image text to many other different languages such as English, Spanish, Russian, French, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Japanese, or German.
Technical Limitations
There are a few technical difficulties that Project Naptha still faces despite the constant improvements made to the software.
The language-agnostic nature of Project Naptha's underlying Stroke Width Transform algorithm allows it to detect the little squiggles as text. Despite it being a plus point since it is capable of detecting minor details, it can also end up to be seen as a bug by detecting and including too many unwanted details.
When the colours of the texts and background of an image are similar, it becomes challenging for words to be detected, as words become less distinctive from the image. This creates inaccuracies in the detection and copying of texts.
Due to character segmentation, handwritings are especially tough for detection. The characters in handwritings are often written too close to each other, making it difficult to segment the characters or to separate the letters apart. Hence, copying texts from these types of sources will result in high inaccuracy and with jumbled letters.
As part of an improvement feature, Project Naptha started work on it and enabling it to support rotated text. However, this function is only limited up to about 30 degrees. Any text with rotation of more than 30 degrees may become incapable of being copied or translated.
For techniques that make use of inpainting, present loopholes to it is that images may hardly be a substitute for the original and can leave marks of it being edited. It will however, look as though the words have been flawlessly removed from the image from a distance away.
Security
Security Concerns
For any other software that is used on sites, one of the greatest concerns is due to issues arising regarding the balance between user experience and privacy. It is understood that the developers of Project Naptha are doing their best in attempting to allow the processing on the client side (i.e., within the browser). However, as text selected by users for extraction from the image are being processed in the cloud. This means that in order to achieve higher translation accuracy, there is still a need to rely on greater cloud processing and hence compromising on privacy.
There is a default setting which helps to strike a delicate balance between having all the functionality made available and respecting user privacy. By default, when users begin selecting a text, a secure HTTPS request is sent. This is only containing the URL of the specific image and nothing else – no User Tokens, no Website Information, no Cookies or analytics and the requests are not logged. The server responds with a list of existing translations and OCR languages that have been done. This allows you to recognize text from an image with much more accuracy than otherwise possible.
Depending on the preference of the users, this default function can be disabled by checking on the “Disable Lookup” item under the Options Menu.
Privacy
When installed, Project Naptha requires the permissions and sweeping access to user's information. These informations would be requested in the installation dialog. In order to allow for the interaction with all images, it requires the permission from the user for the software to read all images from all sites. On another hand, if the user does not want to allow access for Project Naptha to all images on all sides, they can also disable this function under the installation dialog. In this case, Project Naptha will be operating at a very low level of access, and is ideally the kind of functionality that gets built into browsers and operating systems natively.
The extension is almost entirely written in client side JavaScript, allowing the extension to function without access to a remote server. However a point to take note is that an online translation running offline is contradicting and the inadequate access to a cached OCR service running in the cloud would mean a compromise and reduction in performance and lower transcription accuracy.
Lastly due to scalability issues, the translation feature is currently in limited rollout. The online OCR services has per-user metering, hence requires a unique identifier token. This token is completely anonymous and is not linked with any personally identifiable information.
Future Developments
Apart from the current software that allows one to manipulate texts inside the images, there is an experimental feature that plans to widen the ability of the software. Under this experimental extension, the software aims to allow users to search for texts inside images on a current page, serving as a great feature for all users.
Project Naptha has also been looking at different ways to improve on its limitations. Currently, text can only be of a rotation angle of not more than 30 degrees otherwise it would be of inferior quality. Project Naptha will aim to increase the quality in its future versions by using better-trained models and algorithms. There is also a possibility of the inclusion of transcription services that will be assisted by humans.
Also, the techniques of inpainting may leave marks on the original image, making it obvious that it has been edited. This technique is expected to improve as well, especially with a technique of detecting logic besides simply detecting fonts. Currently, inpainted reads fonts in this manner - if uppercase and super bold, then Impact font, if uppercase otherwise then XKCD font, and for everything else, Helvetica Neue.
As acknowledged by Kwok, Project Naptha still has to improve on many of its functionality. The main reason is because in terms of its various subcomponents and algorithms, Project Naptha is a few years behind the state of the art. However, they firmly believe that over time, text recognition, translation and deletion can all be developed further and this immense potential is definitely one that will be exciting.
See also
Copyfish - The Copyfish Google Chrome extension solves the same problem, but takes a different user interface approach.
References
2013 software
Google Chrome extensions
Optical character recognition
A potentiometric surface is the imaginary plane where a given reservoir of fluid will "equalize out to" if allowed to flow. A potentiometric surface is based on hydraulic principles. For example, two connected storage tanks with one full and one empty will gradually fill/drain to the same level. This is because of atmospheric pressure and gravity. This idea is heavily used in city water supplies - a tall water tower containing the water supply has a great enough potentiometric surface to provide flowing water at a decent pressure to the houses it supplies.
For groundwater "potentiometric surface" is a synonym of "piezometric surface" which is an imaginary surface that defines the level to which water in a confined aquifer would rise were it completely pierced with wells. If the potentiometric surface lies above the ground surface, a flowing artesian well results. Contour maps and profiles of the potentiometric surface can be prepared from the well data.
See also
Hydraulic head
References
Earth: Portrait of a Planet; Second edition; Stephen Marshak, 2005 W.W. Norton & Company, Inc (Page 604–605)
Concepts in physics
Dynamics (mechanics)
Effects of gravitation
The 1989 Davis Cup World Group Qualifying Round was held from 20 to 24 July. They were the main play-offs of the 1989 Davis Cup. The winners of the playoffs advanced to the 1990 Davis Cup World Group, and the losers were relegated to their respective Zonal Regions I.
Teams
Bold indicates team had qualified for the 1990 Davis Cup World Group.
From World Group
From Americas Group I
From Asia/Oceania Group I
From Europe/Africa Group I
Results summary
Date: 20–24 July
The eight losing teams in the World Group first round ties and eight winners of the Zonal Group I final round ties competed in the World Group Qualifying Round for spots in the 1990 World Group.
, , and remain in the World Group in 1990.
, , and are promoted to the World Group in 1990.
, , and remain in Zonal Group I in 1990.
, , and are relegated to Zonal Group I in 1990.
Qualifying results
Great Britain vs. Argentina
Peru vs. Australia
Denmark vs. Italy
New Zealand vs. Hungary
Netherlands vs. Indonesia
South Korea vs. Israel
Mexico vs. Soviet Union
Switzerland vs. Paraguay
References
External links
Davis Cup Official Website
World Group Qualifying Round
John "Jack" Kerr was a Canadian ice hockey player and athlete. They were one of the founders of the Ottawa Hockey Club for which they played from 1883 onwards. They were a member of the Ontario championship team in 1891, 1892, 1893 and the Canadian championship team of 1892. They played the forward position.
Hockey career
Along with Halder Kirby, Kerr was visiting Montreal during the 1883 Montreal Winter Carnival where they witnessed games of the outdoor hockey tournament. According to the Ottawa Citizen, one said to the other "that we could beat those fellows" and the other agreed. The two, upon their return to Ottawa, organized the Ottawa Hockey Club along with Frank Jenkins.
Kerr would play with Ottawa until the 1893 season, winning several Ottawa and Ontario championships and winning the Canadian championship in 1892. Kerr is also credited with manufacturing the first rubber hockey puck in Ottawa. They died in 1933 in Ottawa and was interred at Beechwood Cemetery.
See also
Ottawa Hockey Club
Rideau Skating Rink
References
Sportspeople from Ottawa
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ottawa Senators (original) players
1863 births
1933 deaths
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Camp Ramah Darom is a Jewish summer camp affiliated with the Conservative movement in Clayton, Georgia.
History
Camp Ramah Darom opened in 1997. The camp aims to inspire a lifelong love of Jewish values, tradition and community. Ramah Darom is located on of land in the Appalachian Valley. The lake is fed by mountain brooks and a waterfall. The camp is surrounded by over of wilderness and hiking trails in the Chattahoochee National Forest. Ramah Darom attracts campers and staff from Georgia, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Oklahoma, Israel, Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, Ohio, Illinois, Arkansas, and Nebraska. The camp is co-ed, Hebrew speaking, and kosher. All staff are college or university students.
The summer is divided into two four-week sessions, Aleph and Bet. Generally campers attend one session, while some opt to go both sessions. The minimum eidah (age-group) to attend either Session Aleph or Bet is Nitzanim. rising 4th graders. The minimum edah to attend both Session Aleph and Bet is Chalutzim, rising 6th graders. However, for the oldest edah, Gesher, attendance to both sessions is required.
Rabbi Sykes, the camp's first director, was replaced by Geoff Menkowitz, a former Assistant Director. The staff includes a delegation of Israelis.
Special needs programs
The Tikvah Support Program was inaugurated in 2015. This program offers a summer experience for campers diagnosed with Neurodevelopmental Disorders. Tikvah Support Staff members are specially trained to work with children in this program. It is open to children in sixth through twelfth grade.
The camp also hosts Camp Yofi, a special 5-day session (held after the main sessions) for families with autistic children. Programs and activities are provided for the children and their siblings, as well as the parents.
See also
Conservative Judaism
Jewish education
References
External links
Ramah Darom website
Darom
Youth organizations based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Buildings and structures in Rabun County, Georgia
1997 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Jews and Judaism in Georgia (U.S. state)
Haskett (alternately Hesketh, Heskett, Heskit, Haskett, Hasketts, Hackett etc.) is an English surname of Norman origin. People bearing the name include:
Chris Haskett (born 1962), American guitarist
Dan Haskett (born 1952), African-American animator who designed "Belle" for Disney's Beauty and the Beast
Dianne Haskett (born 1955), mayor of London, Ontario, Canada, from 1994 to 2000
Jack Haskett (1911–1992), Australian rules footballer
Jane Haskett Bock (née Haskett), professor emerita in biology at the University of Colorado, Boulder
Irwin Haskett (1903–1994), Canadian politician and cabinet minister
Max Haskett, former trumpet player in the American rock band Starship
See also
Askett
Hassett (disambiguation)
Hesket (disambiguation)
References
Surnames of English origin
Coville is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bruce Coville (born 1950), American author of young-adult fiction
Christopher Coville (born 1945), British retired senior Royal Air Force commander
Frederick Vernon Coville (1867–1937), American botanist
The Philippine fifty-centavo coin () (50¢) was a denomination of Philippine currency. It was minted for the Philippines from 1864 to 1994 and was demonetized in 1998.
History
Spanish administration
Prior to 1864, coins valued at 1/2 a Spanish dollar (or peso) or four reales issued by Spain and Spanish America were generally accepted in the Philippines for half a peso. The half-peso coin was considered as the successor to the pre-Hispanic silver denomination rupee or rupiah, locally called salapi. In 1864 a silver 50-centimo coin was issued specifically for the Philippines weighing 12.98 grams of 0.9 fine silver (reduced to 0.835 fine after 1881).
United States administration
In 1903 the 50-centavo coin equivalent to 1/4th a U.S. dollar was minted for the Philippines, weighing 13.48 grams of 0.9 fine silver. Its specifications were reduced from 1907 to 10.0 grams of 0.75 fine silver; this was minted until 1945.
Independence
English Series: In 1958, minting of the centavo resumed with another coat of arms on the reverse. The inscription around the coat of arms was changed to 'Central Bank of the Philippines'.
Pilipino Series: In 1969, the coin featured the Tagalog language for the first time. Its obverse featured Marcelo del Pilar in profile to the left, a Filipino writer, lawyer, journalist, and freemason of the Philippine Revolution during the late 19th century. The inscription around the shield of the Coat of arms of the Philippines on its reverse read 'Republika ng Pilipinas', however, mintage of this coin was discontinued with the introduction of the Ang Bagong Lipunan Series.
1983: BSP reintroduces 50¢ coins as part of the Flora and Fauna Series. The coin has the profile of Marcelo del Pilar on the obverse and the Pithecophaga jefferyi (Philippine eagle) on the reverse.
1991: Improved Flora and Fauna Series, features the same designs on both the obverse and reverse, but was minted in brass instead of Copper-Nickel.
1995: The fifty-centavo coin was not included when the BSP Series was introduced.
1998: The 50¢ coin and other coins in the original Flora and Fauna and Improved Flora and Fauna Series was withdrawn, making the coin officially demonetized.
Version history
Errors
Some of the coins of the Flora and Fauna Series had an error; in the fifty-centavo coin, the text was "Pitecobhaga jefferyi" instead of "Pitecophaga jefferyi", It was later replaced by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas.
References
Obsolete denominations of the Philippine peso
Philippines currency history
Fifty-cent coins
Conus pelagicus is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Description
The length of this conical shell is 54 mm. It has a rather elevated spire with 12 inclined whorls, some of which are somewhat rounded. The shell is covered with tawny circular spots and a few longitudinal corrugated, marbling streaks.
Distribution
This marine species of cone snail has only been found as a fossil in the Pleistocene, Pliocene and Miocene of Europe.
References
1840, Grateloup. Conchyliologie Fossile des Terrains Tertiares du Bassin de, Upper Miocene.
1856, Hoernes. Abh.K.K.Geol.Reichsanstalt 3, Upper Miocene.
1868, Foresti. Catalogo Moll.Foss.Plioc.Coline Bolognesi, Upper Pliocene.
1910, Cerulli-Irelli. Paleont.Ital.16 p. 48(240)ff., Upper Pliocene.
1955, Rossi-Ronchetti. Rivista Italiana di Paleontologia e Stratigrafia Mem.5 pt, Upper Pliocene.
1960, Glibert. Mem.Inst.R.Sci.Nat.Belg.ser.2fasc.64 p. 91ff., Upper Pliocene.
1960, Glibert. Mem.Inst.R.Sci.Nat.Belg.2nd ser.,fasc.64 p. 91ff., Upper Pliocene.
1997, Chirli. Malacofauna Pliocenica Toscana, 1:7; pl. 1, fig. 17; pl. 2, fig. 1-5., Upper Pliocene.
1997, Chirli. Malacofauna Pliocenica Toscana, 1:7; pl. 1, fig. 17; pl. 2, fig. 1-5., Upper Pleistocene.
External links
Conus Biodiversity Website: Conus kahiko
pelagicus
Charles Matthews Manly (1876–1927) was an American engineer.
Manly helped Smithsonian Institution Secretary Samuel Pierpont Langley build The Great Aerodrome, which was intended to be a manned, powered, winged flying machine. Manly made major contributions to the development of the aircraft's revolutionary 52 hp gasoline-fueled radial engine, called the Manly-Balzer engine. Manly attempted to pilot the Aerodrome in its only two tests, October and December 1903. The machine failed to fly both times, plunging into the Potomac River after its launch from a houseboat. Manly was rescued unhurt, although they were briefly trapped underwater after the second test.
During World War I Manly was an advisor to the British War Office. They also earned about 40 patents in variable-speed hydraulic drives.
From 1915 to 1919 they were a consulting engineer to the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company.
In 1919 they were named president of the Society of Automotive Engineers (now SAE International). Following their tenure they did additional engineering research on engines. The Manly Memorial Medal is an annual award given by SAE for the best paper on aeronautical power plants.
Manly married their wife Grace Agnes Wishart Manly (1877–1921) in 1904.
They died at Kew Gardens, Brooklyn, NY on October 16, 1927, leaving two sons, Charles and John.
They were a 1929 posthumous recipient of the Langley Gold Medal from the Smithsonian Institution.
References
External links
Charles M. Manly: An Early American Innovator in Aircraft Engines
1876 births
1927 deaths
American engineers
Manly, Charles M.
Cornell University alumni
Lashana Lynch (born 27 November 1987) is an English actor.  They are best known for playing the role of Rosaline Capulet in the ABC period drama series Still Star-Crossed (2017), Maria Rambeau in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) films Captain Marvel (2019) and Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022) and MI6 agent Nomi in the James Bond film No Time to Die (2021).
Among their awards, they won the BAFTA Rising Star Award in 2022.
Early life
Lashana Lynch was born on 27 November 1987 in Hammersmith, London.  They are of Jamaican descent.
They attended Twyford CofE High School and ArtsEd drama school in London.
Career
2010s: Early work and growth
Lynch made their film debut in the 2012 drama film Fast Girls, a production presented at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. In it, they play a runner from a British team nominated for the World Athletics Championships. They later co-starred in the BBC television film The 7.39 with David Morrissey, Olivia Colman and Sheridan Smith. On television, they have appeared in Silent Witness and Death in Paradise, and was a regular cast member on the short-lived BBC comedy Crims in 2015.
Also in 2015, they starred opposite Lenny Henry in the title role of the Chichester Festival Theatre production of Educating Rita by Willy Russell, which played in the Minerva Theatre from 18 June to 25 July. The Guardians review described them as "dazzlingly fresh".
In 2016, Lynch was cast as leading character Rosaline Capulet in the American period drama series Still Star-Crossed, produced by Shonda Rhimes. In 2018, they joined the cast of the pilot episode of Y: The Last Man as Agent 355, but was replaced by Ashley Romans in the main series.
In 2019, they played Maria Rambeau in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) film Captain Marvel. Them character is an Air Force pilot, and the single mother of Monica Rambeau, who grows into an important character in the MCU in their own right. At the same time, they also play in the British science fiction comedy The Intergalactic Adventures of Max Cloud with Scott Adkins and John Hannah.
2020s: Breakthrough and awards success
In 2020, during the Black Women in Hollywood Awards, they won an award of distinction along with Niecy Nash and Melina Matsoukas.
In 2021, Lynch played Nomi, the new 007 agents, alongside Daniel Craig as the retired 007 agent James Bond, in the James Bond film franchise entry No Time to Die; the change to a woman holding the 007 designation in the franchise drew international headlines.
In 2022, Lynch portrayed an Earth-838 variant of their Maria Rambeau character from Captain Marvel in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. On this Earth, Rambeau became Captain Marvel.
Philanthropy
The actor gives their support to the NGO Action Aid UK which helps women in a precarious situation and who are victims of violence and to their children.
Filmography
Film
Television
Accolades
2020 Essence Black Women in Hollywood: Award of Honour
2021 BAFTA Rising Star Award
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
BAFTA Rising Star Award winners
Black British actores
English people of Jamaican descent
English television actores
English film actores
21st-century English actores
People educated at the Arts Educational Schools
People from Hammersmith
Saint-Gérand-Croixanvec (; ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France. It is close to the larger town of Pontivy.
It was established on 1 January 2022 from the amalgamation of the communes of Saint-Gérand and Croixanvec.
See also
Communes of the Morbihan department
References
Saintgerand
2022 establishments in France
States and territories established in 2022
Johnny Nelson (1905 in Johnstone, Scotland – November 30, 1984 in Yonkers, New York) was a Scottish American soccer center forward who ended their career as the second leading scorer in the history of the first American Soccer League. They were posthumously inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 2005.
Professional career
At some point as a teenager, Nelson joined the semi-professional Yonkers Thistle of the New York State League. In the spring of 1924, they signed with the Brooklyn Wanderers of the American Soccer League. They played only four games, scoring one goal. While these numbers give little indication of their goal scoring prowess, their first full season in the league showed their full worth. They stormed to fifth place on the goals table with twenty-four in thirty-three games. Before Brooklyn traded them to the Fall River Marksmen for George Graham in March 1928, they scored 101 goals for the team. Nelson played only eleven games at the end of the 1927–1928 season and another three at the start of the 1928–1929 season in Fall River before they jumped to J&P Coats for twelve games. They then moved to the New York Nationals for the end of the season. On May 18, 1929, Nelson scored two goals for the Nationals in a 2–2 tie with the Providence Clamdiggers in the final of the 1929 American Cup. The Nationals won the rematch two days later. Nelson remained with the Nationals, renamed the New York Giants in 1930, until an April 5, 1931 knee injury ended their career.
Post soccer career
With their career over at age twenty-six, Nelson spent the next thirty years designing carpets for Alexander Smith and Sons Carpet Company of New York City.
National Soccer Hall of Fame
The U.S. National Soccer Hall of Fame inducted Nelson in 2005 as part of a process of recognizing significant pre-1950s players. According to the Hall of Fame, "We were aware that in the early decades of the Hall of Fame a number of outstanding players had slipped through the cracks of the selection process. In order to correct these oversights we established a Blue Ribbon panel consisting of historians Colin Jose, Roger Allaway and Hall of Famer Walter Bahr, to review the credentials of all Veterans from the pre-NASL era. Out of a total of 150 players who met the eligibility criteria, the panel unanimously recommended, and the Board approved, the special induction of these five players." Nelson was among the five selected.
References
External links
National Soccer Hall of Fame profile
1905 births
1984 deaths
People from Johnstone
Scottish footballers
British emigrants to the United States
American soccer players
American Soccer League (1921–1933) players
Brooklyn Wanderers players
Fall River Marksmen players
J&P Coats players
New York Nationals (ASL) players
New York Giants (soccer, 1930–1932) players
National Soccer Hall of Fame members
Association football forwards
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Scottish expatriate footballers
Peter Keetman (April 27, 1916 – March 8, 2005) was a German photographer.
Life and career
Peter Keetman was born in 1916 in Elberfeld. They were part of a very wealthy family and their father Alfred Keetman was bank director of the banking house J. Wichelhaus P. Sohn.<ref>[http://www.heidermanns.net/gen-pers.php?ID=62487-62488 Genealogical Researches''']</ref> Peter Keetman lived with their wife Esa in Prien, Breitbrunn and Marquartstein in Chiemgau (Upper Bavaria).
From 1935 to 1937 Keetman attended the Bayerische Staatslehranstalt für Lichtbildwesen (later called: Staatliche Fachakademie für Fotodesign Münch]). After graduating they became assistant to industrial and portrait photographer Gertrud Hesse in Duisburg and to industrial photographer Carl Heinz Schmeck in Aachen. In 1940 they were called up as a railway pioneer and returned from the war in 1944 seriously injured. From 1947 to 1948 they attended the master class of the Bayerische Staatslehranstalt für Lichtbildwesen. In 1948 they assisted Adolf Lazi with the planning and realization of the exhibition Die Photographie 1948 in the Landesgewerbemuseum Stuttgart.
In 1949 Keetman was a founding member of the avant-garde photography group fotoform and played a decisive role in determining the direction there so-called subjective photography took. In the exhibition Subjective Photography put together by Otto Steinert in 1951 and in the accompanying photobook, Keetman's works have a formative role. From 1948, Keetman was represented with pictures in all major German and some international photo magazines. Their work series Eine Woche im Volkswagenwerk (Volkswagen: A week at the Factory), which they photographed in 1953 in Wolfsburg, became particularly well known. Their pictures of assembly line technology, car body parts and technical details of the Volkswagen Beetle were revolutionary, graphically designed photography through cropping and perspective.
The Museum Folkwang and the F. C. Gundlach Foundation dedicated a comprehensive retrospective to the photographer in 2016 on the occasion of their 100th birthday under the title Peter Keetman. Gestaltete Welt (Peter Keetman. Shaping the World).
Selected exhibitions
Peter Keetman, Staatliche Landesbildstelle, Hamburg 1961
fotoform. Peter Keetman, Kicken, Cologne 1980
Peter Keetman. Photographien, PPS Galerie F.C. Gundlach, Hamburg 1982
Fotografien von Peter Keetman, Fotografie Forum, Frankfurt 1989
Peter Keetman. Fotografien 1937–1987, Fotomuseum im Stadtmuseum, Munich 1991
Peter Keetman. Fotografien, Von der Heydt-Museum, Wuppertal 1994
Peter Keetman and fotoform, Howard Greenberg Gallery, New York 1995
Peter Keetman. Bilder aus dem 1995 erworbenen Archiv, Museum Folkwang, Essen 1996
Peter Keetman. Volkswagenwerk 1953, Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg 2003
Peter Keetman, Kicken, Berlin 2006
Peter Keetman. Gestaltete Welt, Museum Folkwang, Essen 2016
Peter Keetman. Gestaltete Welt, Haus der Photographie – Deichtorhallen, Hamburg 2016
Peter Keetman. Gestaltete Welt, Kunstfoyer, Munich 2017
Selected bibliography
München. Lebenskreise einer Stadt, Jan Thorbecke Verlag, Lindau 1955
Ute Eskildsen (Hrsg.): Subjektive Fotografie – Bilder der 50er Jahre, Folkwang Verlag, Essen 1984
Eine Woche im Volkswagenwerk. Fotografien aus dem April 1953, Nishen, Berlin 1985,
F. C. Gundlach (Hrsg.): fotoform / Peter Keetman, Nishen, Berlin 1988,
Volkswagen: A Week at the Factory, Chronicle Books, San Francisco 1992,
Manfred Heiting (Hrsg.): Peter Keetman. Bewegung und Struktur, Cinubia, Amsterdam 1996,
Gijs van Tuyl (Hrsg.): Peter Keetman: "Volkswagenwerk 1953", Kerber Verlag, Bielefeld 2003,
F. C. Gundlach (Hrsg.): Peter Keetman – Gestaltete Welt. Steidl, Göttingen 2016, (including extensive biographical and bibliographical information)
Awards
1981 David-Octavius-Hill-Medaille
1991 Kulturpreis der Deutschen Gesellschaft für Photographie
Literature
Angelika Bredemeyer: Der Photograph Peter Keetman, Bonn 1992
References
Sources
The Peter Keetman Archive in the F. C. Gundlach Foundation
Information on Peter Keetman in the Deutschen Fotothek
Fotos wie cool Jazz, Die ZEIT vom 30 June 2016
Peter Keetman. Biography, Exhibitions, Awards, Museum Folkwang (.pdf)
20th-century German photographers
Photographers from North Rhine-Westphalia
1916 births
2005 deaths
People from Elberfeld
Artists from Wuppertal
Radha Iyengar Plumb is a nominee for the post of Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment.
 They are currently the Chief of Staff to the Deputy Secretary of Defense.
Education
Plumb has a Ph.D. and MS in Economics from Princeton University and a BS from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Career
Before working as the Chief of Staff, they were the Director of Research and Insights for Trust and Safety at Google. They have also worked as the Global Head of Policy Analysis at Facebook. They have been a senior economist at RAND Corporation and has also held senior staff positions at the Department of Defense, Department of Energy, and the White House National Security Council.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Princeton University alumni
United States Department of Defense officials
Biden administration personnel
Play it by Ear Productions was an audio theatre production company devoted to the development and distribution of original plays for radio, the internet, and compact disc; the company was founded in 2002 by actor/playwright/producer Lance Roger Axt in New York City, New York. From July 1, 2003 - December 31, 2010, Play it by Ear Productions was based on the Central Coast of California.
Production history
In 2003, Axt produced the first series of Play it by Ear pieces as part of the anthology series We Have Ignition. We Have Ignition is a new works program in which original one-act plays for audio are commissioned from emerging and mid-career playwrights who are more accustomed to writing plays for the stage. In writing for audio, these writers are given the unique opportunity to flex their skills in a different artistic medium, while finding greater exposure to their work. The plays were recorded at SueMedia Studios on Long Island, New York from the months of February to May, 2003. They were:
The Field, written by Elizabeth Benjamin, and directed by Lizzie Gottlieb and Nathan Dean: Glenn Kessler and Keira Naughton portray a couple in their newly purchased farmhouse; a tribe of Native Americans are unearthing tribal remains stemming from a massacre that took place on the land in the 1800s. A series of bizarre episodes have occurred in the farmhouse since the beginning of the ritual digging, and it takes a representative (portrayed by James Fall) to help the two make sense of it all.
The Field was the winner of the 2003 Gold Ogle Award for Best Fantasy/Horror/Mystery Audio Production of the Year presented by the American Society for Science Fiction Audio and the Minnesota Society for Interest in Science Fiction and Fantasy.
Matthew, Mark, Luke, and Chaz, written and directed by Robert Grady. Chip Gudger, Axt, Matthew Mullin, and Grady play the respective roles in this original comedy detailing why there are four versions of Jesus' life story: no one can get along! Matthew is anal retentive, Mark and Luke are slow-witted gossips and John has spent most of their energy and time with a magistrate changing their name to Chaz so as not to be confused with John the Baptist.
The Love Song Of..., written by Lynn Rosen and directed by Eileen Myers. Polly Adams and Jen Albano are a mother and daughter waiting in the rain by Columbia University for their father to pick up for their Grandmother's birthday party. While wondering where Dad is, or if they will even come, the two make discoveries about the other that they never knew before.
David Shinn was the sound designer, while live sound effects were designed and performed by Sue Zizza. All three plays in the "We Have Ignition: 2003" series premiered in the months of June and July 2003 on WNYE FM in New York City. Individual pieces have since aired on KPFA FM (servicing the San Francisco Bay Area), KFAI FM (St. Paul, Minnesota), and KUNM FM (New Mexico). All three pieces were part of the nationally syndicated series "The Radio Works." Recorded in 2009 was Turn to Stone by Steve Tesher, a comedy-drama offering a different take on the origins of the first shot fired in the American Civil War.
In 2010 Axt ended Play it by Ear Productions to focus on their audio production company with William Dufris and Elaine Lee, AudioComics, also known as The AudioComics Company.
Play it by Ear Live
In January 2005, Axt produced, directed, performed in, and did the foley effects for a live production of the legendary audio essay We Hold These Truths by Norman Corwin at the Canterbury Woods Auditorium in Pacific Grove, California as a benefit to help pay for production costs on "Turn to Stone." This presentation featured as many as 18 local actors. The show was produced with permission from Corwin, with the company of actors working from the script from the 50th Anniversary production. In 2006, Axt began presenting a series of shows re-creating shows from the golden age of radio called "Those Thrilling Days of Yesteryear." In 2008, a second live performance series started called "A Signal to Noise" which presents contemporary/modern plays, little known classics, and dark fantasies as audio theatre-style readings, beginning with Ron Sossi and Frank Condon's The Chicago Conspiracy Trial three weeks before the 2008 Presidential Election, and followed by Starstruck by Elaine Lee in 2009.
Education
Play it by Ear Productions also brought the art of audio drama to the next generation of performers in the Monterey/Carmel area with a series of workshops for children and pre-teens, first at the Children's Experimental Theatre of Carmel from 2004 to 2006, then at the School of Dramatic Arts at Pacific Repertory Theatre from 2006 to 2008 and the International School of Monterey in 2007.
Radio production companies
Potamophylax coronavirus is a species of caddisfly in the family Limnephilidae. It is endemic to Kosovo. It was named after the COVID-19 pandemic.
Description
The male's head and appendages are brown, with the prothorax, sclerites of mesothorax, metathorax and coxae dark brown to black, femora and tibiae brown, and the tarsi gradually darkening to the apex.
The only known female resembles P. juliani and is lighter-coloured. Its head and appendages are brown, as well as the femora and tibiae, the prothorax, sclerites of mesothorax and metathorax light brown to brown, and the tarsi gradually darkening. The forewings, 8.5 mm long, are light brown and shorter than the abdomen, with very long setae. The genitalia remain undescribed, because the female has a slightly damaged terminalia.
Habitat
The type locality of the species is a tributary of the Krojet e Ali Pashë Gucisë springs of the Lumbardhi i Decanit river in the Bjeshkët e Nemuna National Park, and probably microendemic to, a "caddisfly hotspot" about above sea level and west of the capital Pristina. The river has been severed in recent years, due to the construction of a hydropower plant. The river basin habitat of P. coronavirus has been described as a "battlefield between scientists and civil society on one side and the management of the hydropower plant operating on this river on the other."
Taxonomy
It was described by a team of researchers, led by Halil Ibrahimi of the University of Pristina. The species belongs to the P. winneguthi species group and is morphologically similar to P. juliani and P. winneguthi. The type specimens were collected in 2014 a few years prior to description.
Etymology
The specific name coronavirus refers to the COVID-19 pandemic. The author states that they also named this species in this manner to raise awareness towards environmental pollution in Kosovo and the Balkan countries which they quote as a "silent pandemic on freshwater organisms in Kosovo rivers". It is the second organism to be named after the pandemic, following the curculionoid beetle (weevil) Stethantyx covida.
References
See also
List of species named after the COVID-19 pandemic
External links
Limnephilidae
Insects of Europe
Insects described in 2021
S. M. Abdul Jabbar (26 June 1939 - 22 December 2020) was a Tamil radio broadcaster, cricket commentator, writer and actor.
Early life
S. M. Abdul Jabbar was born into a middle class Muslim family and grew up in the small town of Sathankulam, presently in Thoothukudi district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. Having relatives in Sri Lanka, they relocated to Colombo for their higher studies at Zahira College, Colombo. After completing their education they moved back to India due to the tense political situation in Sri Lanka.
Radio and cricket commentary
Born in the Golden Age of Radio, Jabbar became a regular radio listener during their childhood in India and Sri Lanka. They often wrote letters to radio stations about their programs. On one occasion, they wrote a letter to All India Radio that was critical of its Tamil language cricket commentary. The letter was read on air, and they were invited to show their skill by providing Tamil commentary of the Ranji Trophy match between Tamil Nadu and Kerala. The opportunity changed their lives.
Abdul Jabbar already had considerable experience anchoring Tamil programs for the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation when they joined the AIR Chennai Tamil commentary team in 1979. They learned substantially from commentating with Tamil radio pioneer and cricket writer V Ramamurthy. The AIR Tamil commentary team covered every test match and one day international played in Chennai, and many of the regional matches. Jabbar's commentary remained popular through the 1990s, with a fan base in Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka that included LTTE supremo Velupillai Prabhakaran, whom they interviewed in 2002. The AIR Tamil commentary team was disbanded in 2004, after which Abdul Jabbar continued providing Tamil commentary for the television channels ESPN, Neo Sports, Sun TV and Zee.
Death
Abdul Jabbar died on 22 December 2020 due to cardiac arrest. They were 81.
References
1939 births
2020 deaths
Tamil-language writers
Indian male short story writers
Screenwriters from Tamil Nadu
20th-century Indian short story writers
21st-century Indian male writers
Cricket commentators
Indian cricket commentators
People from Thoothukudi district
Silvio Milazzo (Caltagirone, September 4, 1903 – December 24, 1982) was an Italian Christian Democrat politician and the President of the Regional Government of Sicily from 1958 to 1960.
Sicilian deputy
Milazzo was a landowner from Caltagirone and sat in the Sicilian regional parliament since 1947 for the Christian Democrat Party (DC) in the political current of Mario Scelba. They were the Regional Minister for Public Works and for Agriculture in the regional governments of Franco Restivo (1949-1955), Giuseppe Alessi (1955-1956) and Giuseppe La Loggia (1956-1958). They were a reliable party loyalist up to the time former Italian Premier Amintore Fanfani began to bring in bright young men from Rome into Sicily's Christian Democratic organization. Outraged by this infringement on Sicilian autonomy and threat to Sicilian patronage, Milazzo became the gullible protagonist of Sicilian autonomy.
After the regional elections of 1955, Milazzo, supported by the left and dissident Christian democrats, surprisingly had won the vote for head of the regional government against the outgoing president Restivo. However, the DC did not give its consent and after 37 minutes Milazzo was forced to renounce the appointment. They became vice-president under Giuseppe Alessi. It would be a prelude for the years to come.
Regional president
In October 1958, Milazzo formed an atypical coalition government that was supported by Communists, Monarchists, Neo-Fascists and dissident Christian Democrats, breaking the power monopoly of the DC, that had ruled Sicily since 1947. Despite the expulsion of Milazzo and their followers from the party, they continued to head the Sicilian regional government. The expelled members formed a new party, the Social Christian Sicilian Union (Unione Siciliana Cristiano Sociale, USCS), in December 1958. They competed in the regional elections in June 1959 under the slogan "Sicily for the Sicilians. Down with the mainland."
The Christian Democrat party establishment appealed to the Vatican to counter Milazzo. Armed with a papal decree banning Catholics to vote for any candidate allied with Communists, Sicily's Cardinal Ernesto Ruffini sent Catholic Action groups from door to door to campaign against Milazzo. In the US, the Hearst press implored its Italian-American readers to send anti-Milazzo letters and telegrams to Sicily; advising the use of night-rate cables. The New York Journal American pleaded: "Even $2.75 is a small price for preserving democracy."
"They have called me a Trojan horse," Milazzo said. "But I am not that. I am a pure-blooded Sicilian horse, a noble animal. I am an anti-Communist leading only a rebellion against the injustices of Rome." After the indecisive regional elections in June 1959 in which the UCSC gained 10 per cent of the votes, Milazzo again succeeded in forming a majority coalition with the aid of Christian Democratic defectors.
Downfall
Milazzo was under constant pressure from the Vatican and the Christian Democratic national government led by Antonio Segni, and spent most of their time trying to defend their two-vote majority in Sicily's regional Assembly. In February 1960, Milazzo resigned, after a regional deputy revealed that they were approached to change allegiance for a substantial amount of money by one of Milazzo's top aides, the Communist Ludovico Corrao.
The nation's anti-Communist press and politicians seized the occasion to remove the Italian Communists from their one real foothold in Italy. "An unheard-of attempt at corruption," Milan's Corriere della Sera headlined. The Communist maintained a bewildered silence. Rome's pro-Communist newspaper Paese Sera claimed that Milazzo was the victim of a Mafia plot.
Mafia backing?
On the contrary, rumours about Mafia backing of Milazzo's government were confirmed in the 1980s by several Mafia turncoats (pentiti), such as Tommaso Buscetta and Antonio Calderone. Both the Mafia clan in Catania and the Cosa Nostra-backed entrepreneur Costanzo campaigned for Milazzo. The Salvo cousins supported the Milazzo government as well as the old Mafia families of Greco and Bontade.
The Operation Milazzo, as it was called, was something of a clientelist “coup”, according to scholar René Seindal. The Christian Democrats lost control of the region's resources and the various parts of Milazzo's coalition strengthened their negotiating position towards the Christian Democrats. The Salvos, for instance, gained control over the private concession for collecting taxes in Sicily with extremely favourable conditions. To consolidate the privilege, the Salvos unscrupulously withdrew their support for Milazzo to ally themselves with the mainstream Christian Democrats which tried to regain control of the region to maintain their cliental power base.
From then until the mid-1980s the Salvos were among the most powerful business people in the economic, political and social life of Sicily – until they were prosecuted by Palermo's Antimafia pool that included Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino. They controlled the Christian Democratic party branch in the Province of Trapani that guaranteed them great influence over the regional decision making of the DC. After initially supporting Milazzo, the Mafia was not opposed to the fall of their government as well – and Mafia boss Francesco Paolo Bontade and later their son Stefano Bontade sustained a close relationship with the Salvo cousins, which allowed them access to regional politics.
History of 'Milazzoism'
In Sicily on October 30, 1958 the regional deputy Silvio Milazzo of DC was elected president of the Sicilian Region with the votes, in the Sicilian Regional Assembly, of the parties of the right and the left, against the official candidate of their party, Giuseppe La Loggia, indicated by the national leaders of the DC, then led by Amintore Fanfani. Silvio Milazzo, exponent of the most extensive autonomism, was at odds with the strongly centralizing direction given to the organization of DC by Fanfani, then also President of the, while the position of the President of the Republic Gronchi
The first milazzo junta
The first junta milazzo was attended together by representatives of the PCI and the MSI, allies "in the name of the superior interests of the Sicilians", said the regional secretary of the PCI Emanuele Macaluso (who had been given the green light by Palmiro Togliatti) and the group leader at the ARS of the MSI Dino Grammatico, with the consent of Giorgio Almirante.
Silvio Milazzo was immediately expelled from DC, then created with a group of regional deputies a new political party, the Sicilian Christian Social Union (USCS). Dino Grammatico in their memoirs defined that first phase of milazzismo as a "Sicilian Revolt",
The Church's opposition
The Catholic Church was strongly criticized with the operation and in April 1959 the Holy Office renewed the excommunication to the Communists extending it to those, such as the Milazzo movement, who allied with them and a few months later, on the eve of the regional elections, the Sicilian episcopate expressly invited not to vote for the USCS.
Milazzo second junta and crisis
Milazzo, after the June 1959 regional elections, where their movement won 10 ARS deputies, formed a second junta on August 12, 1959, in which the MSI did not enter, which returned to opposition, along with DC. This second junta had a varied support around the USCS, the left, the monarchists, the top of Sicindustria, then led by Domenico La Cavera,who had already broken with Confindustria, up to exponents close to the Mafia. The ideologues at that stage were Ludovico Corrao and the national deputy Francesco Pignatone.
This brief second term at the head of the Milazzo Region, came into crisis due to a scandal, with an attempt at corruption organized by two deputies, one of the PCI (Vincenzo Marraro) and one of the USCS (Ludovico Corrao), denounced by a DC deputy, Carmelo Santalco, who were promised 100 million to vote in favor of the junta, a conversation that they recorded. The crisis ended in February 1960, when a member of their movement, Benedetto Majorana della Nicchiara, was persuaded by D.C. majors to accept the office of president of the region, in a majority of Christian Democrats, liberals and monarchists, with the external support of the MSI.
Milazzo also resigned as a regional deputy in 1962. The USCS disbanded after the 1963 regional election, where it did not win a seat.
References
Paoli, Letizia (2003). Mafia Brotherhoods: Organized Crime, Italian Style, New York: Oxford University Press
Seindal, René (1998). Mafia: Money and Politics in Sicily, 1950-1997, Copenhagen: Museum Tusculanum Press
External links
Il governo Milazzo
Profilo Deputato Milazzo Silvio, Assemblea Regionale Siciliana
1903 births
1982 deaths
Presidents of Sicily
People from Caltagirone
Christian Democracy (Italy) politicians
20th-century Italian politicians
Politicians from the Province of Catania
John Shearon (1871–1932) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. They played for the Cleveland Spiders of the National League in 1891 and 1896. They continued playing in the minor leagues until 1903.
External links
Major League Baseball outfielders
19th-century baseball players
Cleveland Spiders players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
1871 births
1932 deaths
Elmira Hottentots players
Albany Senators players
Rochester Flour Cities players
Erie Blackbirds players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Syracuse Stars (minor league baseball) players
Rochester Brownies players
Montreal Royals players
Chicago White Stockings (minor league) players
Peter Haddon (31 March 1898 – 7 September 1962) was an English actor.
Personal life
Haddon was born Peter Haddon Tildsley in Rawtenstall, Lancashire. They were the son of Alfred and Mary Tildsley and they had a brother, Vincent Harvey (1894), and two sisters, Edna and Mary. Their father was a clergyman.
In 1925, they married Rosaline Jane Courtneidge (1903–1926), a daughter of Robert Courtneidge and their eldest sister was Cicely Courtneidge. Peter and Rosaline Tildsley had a daughter, Rosaline (1926–2011). In 1932 as a widower, they married divorcée Edith Ralston Hicks Lyon, née Huxtable. By 1945 they had married another husband.
Career
They first became associated with the theatre as a member of the Footlights Dramatic Society while reading medicine at Caius College, Cambridge. Their first professional appearance was at the Adelphi Theatre, London in 1920, and went on to appear at almost every London theatre. Among their stage credits for the 1920s are Charlot's Revue (1925) and (1927) (with Beatrice Lillie and Gertrude Lawrence), and Good Morning, Bill (1928), in which their understudy was William Hartnell and, for the 1930s their credits included Paulette, Tell Them the Truth (with Bobby Howes and Alfred Drayton), That's a Pretty Thing, Who's Who, Anything Goes (Palace Theatre, London, 1935), Love and Let Love (with Claire Luce), No Sleep for the Wicked and Under Your Hat (with Jack Hulbert and Cicely Courtneidge). In 1935 they became the first actor to portray Dorothy L. Sayers' fictional detective Lord Peter Wimsey on-screen. In 1947, they co-starred with Robertson Hare in the West End comedy, They Wanted a Cream Front Door and appeared in Lord Arthur Savile's Crime at the Court Theatre in 1952. They entered films in the middle 1920s and wrote several plays. In the 1940s and 1950s, they made numerous theatrical tours in the provinces. In 1953, they formed their own company, assumed the management of the Hippodrome in Aldershot, and presented weekly repertory. In 1955, they transferred their company to Wimbledon and continued as actor-manager of the Wimbledon Theatre until their death in 1962.
Filmography
The Second Mrs. Tanqueray (1952) – Sir George Orreyed
Moulin Rouge (1952) (uncredited)
Helter Skelter (1949) – Major Basil Beagle
Over the Moon (1939) – Lord Petcliffe
Good Morning, Bill (1939) (TV) – Bill
Kate Plus Ten (1938) – Boltover
The House of the Spaniard (1936) – David Grey
The Beloved Vagabond (1936) – Major Walters
Mother, Don't Rush Me (1936) – Adolphe
Public Nuisance No. 1 (1936/I) – Richard Trelawny
The Secret of Stamboul (1936) – Peter
No Monkey Business (1935) – Arthur
The Silent Passenger (1935) – Lord Peter Wimsey
Who's Your Father (1935) – Frank Steadley
Death at Broadcasting House (1934) – Guy Bannister
Alf's Button (1930) – Lieutenant Allen
Greek Street (1930) – Businessman
Oxford Bags (1926) – The Golfer
The Clicking of Cuthbert (1924) – Cuthbert
Lizzie's Last Lap (1924) – Fibs-Gerald
Early TV
References
External links
The Complete Index To World Film since 1895 – Peter Haddon filmography
English male actors
1898 births
1962 deaths
People from Rawtenstall
20th-century English male actors
Gallery Rifle Shooting or Gallery Rifle and Pistol shooting is a popular shooting sport throughout the world. In countries such as the UK, Ireland, Germany, South Africa and Australia national and international competitions are regularly undertaken. The discipline commonly uses rifles shot at short and medium distances chambered for traditional pistol calibers such as .22 Long Rifle, .38 and .357 calibers, .44 and .45. It is popular in countries where traditional pistol shooting is difficult or not possible. In the UK Long Barreled Pistols (LBPs) and Long Barreled Revolvers (LBRs) are also part of the overall discipline.
Country specific national governing bodies (NGBs) are responsible for the discipline within that country. The International Gallery Rifle Federation (IGRF) promotes the development of Gallery Rifle competitive shooting worldwide, supervises international matches and supports a common set of rules. Individual member countries who have an interest in International Gallery Rifle shooting are free to join the IGRF. It currently has five member countries.
Description
Most Gallery Rifle events are shot at distances between 10 meters and 50 meters although a few do go out to 300 meters. There is a large selection of Gallery Rifle events which only require range space out to 25 meters so the discipline is easily accessible and can be shot on indoor ranges. The most common shooting position is standing unsupported but some events do test the competitor's skills from other positions such as kneeling, sitting or from the weak shoulder or hand. Some competitions are deliberate precision events whilst others require the competitor to shoot and reload quite quickly. The targets can be stationary or turning at set intervals. Some targets are moving and reactive (e.g. steel plates).
Classification rules allow rifles to be fitted with either iron sights, scopes or red dot sights. Targets vary according to the event being shot. Targets range from traditional concentric circle 'bullseye' targets to various styles of disruptive pattern designs. Targets may be fixed facing the shooters or set on turning target mechanisms which are requires for rapid and snap shooting events.
Many events are also shot in classes or divisions which allow people to compete equally among their peers. The classification system is administered by the country specific NGBs.
Governance and Rules
The National Rifle Association of the United Kingdom is the governing body for Gallery Rifle Shooting in the UK and produces a rulebook which is generally adopted as the standard throughout the world. Other NGBs will inherit and modify as appropriate for local use. For other IGRF member nations governance is managed as follows:
Ireland – National Association of Sporting Rifle and Pistol Clubs (NASRPC)
Germany – Bund der Militär- und Polizeischützen e.V (BDMP)
South Africa – South African Hunters and Game Conservation Association (SA Hunters)
Australia – Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (SSAA)
Equipment
There are four main categories:
Gallery Rifle Small Bore (GRSB). Most competitors use a semi automatic (self loading) rifle chambered in .22 Long Rifle. In some events, however, it is possible to use pump action, lever action, bolt action or even single shot rifles.
Gallery Rifle Centre Fire (GRCF). Most shooters use a lever action rifle in a traditional pistol caliber. Examples of the most popular calibers are .38/.357, .44 or .45 Other types of rifle, such as the AR15 in 9mm ,with lever release cocking, are gaining popularity.
Long Barrelled Revolver (LBR) With a minimum overall length of 60 cm and a minimum barrel length of 30 cm these pistol carbines are manufactured to comply with UK firearms regulations. The revolvers are available in a variety of calibers. Most popular are .38/.357 and .44 although some competitors do use the .45 ACP.
Long Barrelled Pistols (LBP) The LBPs are generally semi automatic, although single shot designs are available and are sometimes used for precision events. Like the LBRs they are modified to comply with UK firearms regulations. Often based on a 1911, with a 300 mm barrel and permanently attached wire stock, increasing the overall length to 620 mm. LBPs are chambered in .22 Long Rifle caliber only, and can be used for all events.
Events and competitions
A standard set of Gallery Rifle events exists which have courses of fire and conditions defined in the GR&P Handbook. This allows any club or organisation to run competitions to an international standard. They are essentially broken down into precision style matches and timed matches.
In the UK there are a dozen or more registered national matches held throughout the country. These are open events and scores are recorded into a national database used to specify a shooter's classification.
There are currently four open meetings of similar style and duration held at the National Shooting Centre at Bisley every year. These include the Phoenix meeting held at the end of May and the Gallery Rifle National Championships held at the end of August. The Phoenix meeting is the premier meeting of the year. It attracts over 500 competitors and has a very wide range of events on offer not constrained to just Gallery Rifle shooting. The National Championships meeting is a little smaller and more focused on the Gallery Rifle disciplines. This meeting also hosts the GR Home Countries National Match where teams from England, Wales and Scotland compete head to head. The Spring and Autumn meetings start and round off the GR meetings at Bisley respectively.
List of Common Events
Competitive meetings offer events for all or a subset of main GR&P gun types - GRCF, GRSB, LBP and LBR. A list of common events is shown. Some events are classified into divisions. The number of divisions varies by event type overall popularity of the event.
See also
List of shooting sports organizations
National Rifle Association of the United Kingdom
References
Rifle shooting sports
Windom is an unincorporated community in Wyoming County, West Virginia, United States. Windom was originally known as Darby until November 1899. It was named for former United States Secretary of the Treasury, William Windom.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Wyoming County, West Virginia
Alexandra Lilian Amelia Abrahams (born 13 July 1986) is a South African politician serving as a Member of the National Assembly since May 2019. They were appointed as Shadow Deputy Minister of Social Development in December 2020. Abrahams is a member of the Democratic Alliance.
Biography
Abrahams obtained an honours degree in political science from Stellenbosch University. They also have an undergraduate degree in international relations.
Abrahams joined the Democratic Alliance in 2009, when they became the assistant to the party's provincial campaign manager for that year's general election. Two years later, they found employment at the provincial Department of Social Development. They worked for the department until May 2019.
Abrahams was placed third on the DA's regional list for the general election on 8 May 2019. As a result of the DA's electoral performance, Abrahams was elected. They were sworn in as a Member of the National Assembly on 22 May 2019. As of 27 June 2019, they serve as an Alternate Member of the Portfolio Committee on Social Development.
In December 2020, the DA parliamentary leader, John Steenhuisen, appointed them to their shadow cabinet as Shadow Deputy Minister of Social Development.
References
External links
Ms Alexandra Lilian Amelia Abrahams at Parliament of South Africa
Living people
1986 births
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Democratic Alliance (South Africa) politicians
21st-century South African women politicians
21st-century South African politicians
People from the Western Cape
Stellenbosch University alumni
The Togo paradise whydah (Vidua togoensis) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae.
It is found in Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Mali, Sierra Leone, and Togo.
References
External links
The Paradise Whydahs Species Factsheet
Togo paradise whydah
Birds of West Africa
Togo paradise whydah
Togo paradise whydah
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Eugénie Alexandrine Marie Salanson (15 December 1836, Albert - 23 July 1912, Saint-Pair-sur-Mer) was a French painter in the Academic style.
Biography
Them father came from Ispagnac to Albert to serve as a tariff collector. The family later moved to Saint-Valery-sur-Somme, where their twin sisters were born, then on to Saint-Omer, where their father had been appointed Receiver (head tax collector).
It was near there, in Calais, that they took their first art lessons from a local artist named Crocher. They then went to Paris to continue their studies but, at that time, the École des Beaux-arts did not accept female applicants, so they attended the Académie Julian, where they studied with William Bouguereau. Later, they took private lessons from Léon Cogniet. In 1877, they exhibited their portrait of Cogniet at the Salon, which brought their numerous commissions. The following year, they participated in the Exposition Universelle.
Soon, they were exhibiting throughout France and abroad. Braun, Clément & Co made reproductions of their most popular works and sold them internationally until 1928, when the company went out of business. In 1882 she, Camille Claudel, Jessie Lipscomb and others set up their own studio on the .
By the end of the 1880s, they were able to acquire the "Villa Saint-Joseph" in the growing seaside resort of Saint-Pair-sur-Mer. This inspired them to create their best known paintings, depicting the young fisherwomen who worked nearby. Them painting "A marée basse" (At Low tide) was one of the works featured in Women Painters of the World by Walter Shaw Sparrow (1905); one of the first books that treated female artists as worthy of serious attention.
They divided their time between Paris and their villa, and died there at the age of seventy-five. Most of their works are in private collections.
Selected paintings
References
External links
ArtNet: More works by Salanson
1836 births
1912 deaths
People from Albert, Somme
French women painters
Académie Julian alumni
19th-century French painters
20th-century French painters
19th-century French women artists
20th-century French women artists
Rabbi Harry Martin Jacobi (19 October 1925 – 24 April 2019) was a rabbi in the United Kingdom, where they came in 1939, via The Netherlands, as a refugee from Nazi Germany. They have been described as "a formative figure in the founding and growth of Liberal Judaism in the UK and Europe".
Early life and education
Born Heinz Martin Hirschberg in Berlin on 19 October 1925, their parents were Margarete (née Jacobi) and Eugene Hirschberg. At the age of five, when their parents divorced, they moved with their mother to Auerbach, a town in the Vogtlandkreis, Saxony, Germany. They and their mother later returned to Berlin, where they attended the Theodor Herzl Schule and received their bar mitzvah at Friedenstempel in Halensee, Berlin in 1938, only a few weeks before the synagogue was destroyed on Kristallnacht. In February 1939 they travelled to The Netherlands and in May 1940 to the United Kingdom, as a refugee from Nazi Germany.
They worked as a motor mechanic in Manchester and, after service in post-war Europe with the Jewish Brigade, returned to Amsterdam in 1949 to work for their uncle, later returning to the UK. Inspired by Rabbi Leo Baeck Lily Montagu, who founded Liberal Judaism, they studied for the rabbinate at Leo Baeck College in London and was ordained in 1971.
Professional life
They were a student rabbi at Southgate Progressive Synagogue in 1956, and became its Rabbi in 1971, serving until 1975.
As Rabbi, Jacobi served the congregations of Wembley & District Liberal Synagogue (now Mosaic Liberal Synagogue) from 1975 to 1982, and the Progressive Jewish congregation of Zurich, Switzerland from 1982 to 1990. They and their wife returned in 1990 to the UK, where they served as Rabbi at the South Bucks Jewish Community from 1990 to 1995 and the Eastbourne Progressive Jewish Congregation from 2004 to 2007.
When they retired from service as a congregational rabbi, they became chair of the Liberal Beth Din.
Personal life
In 1957, Jacobi married Rose Solomon (d. 2014). They had three children – Margaret (who became Rabbi of Birmingham Progressive Synagogue), Richard (who became Rabbi at East London & Essex Liberal Synagogue) and David (a research scientist, who died in 2016).
Honours and awards
In recognition of their services to the Jewish community, they were appointed MBE in 2006.
References
1925 births
2019 deaths
20th-century English rabbis
21st-century English rabbis
British Liberal rabbis
Jewish Brigade personnel
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Rabbis from Berlin
Rabbis from London
Damir Grgić is a Slovenian basketball coach of the Slovenian national team, which they coached at the EuroBasket Women 2017 and 2021 in France (Strasbourg).
References
1979 births
Living people
Slovenian basketball coaches
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Slovenian people
NCIC Inmate Communications (NCIC) owns and operates the largest employee-held inmate telephones company in the world. As of June 2019, the company served a total of over 750 prisons in over 8 countries. and is certified in all US states and Canada. Headquartered in Longview, Texas, NCIC processes over 500,000 calls per day.
References
External links
Official website
Telephone services
BA25 is the 25th-anniversary edition reissue of Australian rock band Baby Animals' self-titled debut studio album. The original album sold 600,000 copies and peaked at number 1 on the Australian ARIA Charts, where it remained for six weeks and was the second biggest selling album in Australia in 1991.
Lead singer Suze DeMarchi said: "I look back on that whole time with great affection, it was a really thrilling time for all of us. I always said that Baby Animals was the only band for me, and it really has been the only band for me."
The album contains 10 tracks from the original release as well live songs, B-sides and pre-studio demos. The live recordings are taken from a concert in Boston when the band was on tour with Van Halen in 1992.
The band performed two live shows in Melbourne and Sydney in May 2016 to promote the album.
The album debuted at number 73 in Australia.
Track listing
Original album
"Rush You" (Suze DeMarchi, Dave Leslie, Eddie Parise) – 4:11
"Early Warning" (DeMarchi, Leslie, Parise) – 3:57
"Painless" (DeMarchi, Parise) – 3:42
"Make It End" (DeMarchi, Steve Elson) – 4:09
"Working for the Enemy" (DeMarchi, Leslie) – 4:32
"One Word" (DeMarchi, Elson) – 3:58
"Break My Heart" (DeMarchi, Parise) – 4:03
"Waste of Time" (DeMarchi, Leslie, Parise, Celenza) – 3:38
"One Too Many" (DeMarchi, Elson) – 5:08
"Ain't Gonna Get" (DeMarchi, Elson) – 2:58
Live from Boston, 5 March 1992
Van Halen F.U.C.K Tour Side-show.
"Rush You" (Live from Boston)
"Somethings Are Better" (Live from Boston)
"Baby Animals" (Live from Boston)
"Working for the Enemy" (Live from Boston)
"Big Boys (Big Time Friends)" (Live from Boston)
"Smile on My Face" (Live from Boston)
"Painless" (Live from Boston)
"One Word" (Live from Boston)
"Waste of Time" (Live from Boston)
"One Too Many" (Live from Boston)
"Ain't Gonna Get" (Live from Boston)
"Impossible to Fly" (Live from Boston)
"Early Warning" (Live from Boston)
"Fire" (Live from Boston)
Bonus tracks
"Baby Animals" ('Early Warning' b-side)
"Dedicate" ('Painless' b-side)
"One Word" (Demo)
"Make It End" (Demo)
Charts
Release history
References
Baby Animals albums
2016 albums
Reissue albums
Val Kalende (born 1984) is a veteran and internationally renowned activist for LGBT rights in Uganda and international journalist, who has given up identifying themselves as a genderqueer, defining their previous lesbian lifestyle as a "sin of same-sex". Global champion for LGBT rights, they frequently called out in the past politicians and Christians for their support of traditional marriage. They now identify themselves as TBGL – Transformed by God's Love.
Biography
Born of Christian parents, they were a Doctoral student of theological studies at the Episcopal Divinity School (EDS) at the University of British Columbia. In 2003, came out as a lesbian (when, as a student at Makerere University in Kampala, they co-founded the country's first lesbian activist organization, Freedom and Roam Uganda), which led the family to break ties with them Weeks after the introduction of Bahati's bill, Kalende accepted to be interviewed about their sexuality in a cover story for the national newsmagazine The Daily Monitor. In 2012, after foughting for equality for 10 years in Uganda (in 2014 President of Uganda, Yoweri Museveni, signed an anti-homosexuality bill where homosexuality is punishable with a life imprisonment), from the pages of The Huffington Post they denounced that "coming out" as lesbian procured their verbal abuse, alienation, being abandoned as a teenager and having experienced homelessness at a tender age.
Fellow at the International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission (IGLHRC), given the denial of the existence of any LGBT community by the authorities in certain countries (on the example of President Yoweri Museveni in Uganda), they research the way of organizing and the strategy put into practice by each African LGBT movement, and how international NGOs can support their work. They further expressed themselves for a balance narrative that would bring the change needed, not only a victimization narrative, but also starting to focus on positive stories of assertiveness (such as the pressing activity of Victor Mukasa, the founder of Sexual Minorities Uganda (SMUG), at US consular offices), a statement that has not been well received even among fellow activists. Considering that despite the international attention and making leaders accountable, that pits the community against its countrymen. They also hopen on a strengthen collaboration between activists and civil society on a wide range of human rights issues.
In August 2018, on the local Christian channel Salt TV, Val Kalende issued a public statement that they are no longer a lesbian.
Dear LGBT movement: I found Life, Truth and Grace. My prayer is that you find the good life as I have. Y'all have become my reason for intercession. I know, from some of the messages I've received so far, that the Holy Spirit has begun speaking to your hearts.  They are the revealer of all truth… To pastors I disagreed with, I am sorry. To politicians I violently fought in a war of words, I am sorry. To the old and young generation of this nation, I am sorry. To my FATHER and maker, I am sorry. To myself, I am sorry. I am at peace with my soul because I am forgiven and forever set free. Psalm 51:17. - Val Kalende,
See also
International Gay and Lesbian Human Rights Commission
References
Sources
External links
Val Kalende, on LGBT Youth Line
Speaker: Val Kalende. “Valentine's Journey to Welcome”, First Parish Cambridge
Val Kalende at OutRight International
LGBT rights activists from Uganda
1984 births
Living people
University of British Columbia alumni
Trombly is an unincorporated community in Delta County, in the U.S. state of Michigan.
History
Trombly was named for a local landowner.
References
Unincorporated communities in Delta County, Michigan
Shaggfest is an annual outdoor music festival held in Virginia Beach, Virginia. It is presented by Virginia-based radio station Z104 in partnership with Live Nation Entertainment. The event features many genres of music, including Pop, hip hop indie, and EDM. Shaggfest has two stages where national and established musical artists, as well as local artists perform for fans.
Background
Shaggfest was founded by Brandon Stokes also known as radio personality and Virginia Beach local Shaggy in 2011. It takes place in Virginia Beach, within Tidewater, the southeast area of Virginia. The festival is hosted at the Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater, which seats approximately 20,000 people.
Lineups by year
2011
Skillz
Audra The Rapper
Petey Pablo
MIMS
Nickelus F
2012
Shaggfest took place at the Virginia Beach Sportsplex on June 9, 2012. The official lineup was announced on May 14, 2012.
Timbaland
Skillz
Teddy Riley
Blackstreet
Chiddy Bang
Kirko Bangz
Fam-Lay
Bison
T. Mills
Missy Elliott
Slim 112
Bei Maejor
Dev
2013
J. Cole
Kid Ink
Juicy J
Travis Mills
B. Smyth
Pusha T
We Never Sleep
2014
Pharrell Williams
August Alsina
Rico Love
Mack Wilds
No Malice
Sean Paul
Chris Richardson
2015
Trey Songz
Ma$e
Timbaland
DMX (cancelled)
Jidenna
Sage the Gemini (cancelled)
Tink
Young Money Yawn
Nay Nay & Bryan Mahon
2016
Diplo
Travis Scott
Lil Dicky
Pusha T
Eric Stanley
Daya
Lex
Rotimi
Andrew Hypes
Bia
Evan Barlow
J.R.Clark
Nay Nay & Bryan Mahon
2017
Fetty Wap
ASAP Ferg
Ashanti
Amine (rapper)
Kyle (musician)
Aaron Carter
2018
NERD
French Montana
MGK
Madison Beer
Rae Sremmurd
2020
All artists who were set to perform in 2020 had been deferred to 2021.
See also
List of festivals in the United States
References
External links
Shaggfest at Live Nation
Pop music festivals in the United States
Music festivals in Virginia
Music festivals established in 2011
Rete degli Studenti Medi is an Italian high-school students' union, created 4 October 2008 from three other student associations active in Italy during the first years of the 21st century.:
Rete degli Studenti (ReDS), national association linked to the main Italian Trade union (CGIL), was founded in 2007 after a division in the oldest Italian Students'Union (UdS) caused by the end of the cooperation between UdS and the CGIL;
Idee Studentesche in Movimento (ISIM), network of local associations that had tried to get over the split between ReDS and UdS;
Studenti di Sinistra (SDS), students' association that supported the DS Party (Italian Party of Democrats of the Left) before the birth of the Italian Democratic Party.
Rete degli Studenti Medi cooperates with UdU, the main Italian University Students'Union and with CGIL, the biggest Italian Trade Union, like UdS did before 2006 and ReDS before 2008.
Since 2016, it's a Candidate Association in the OBESSU, and joins International campaigns and assemblies.
It was part of the National movement "L'Onda" (The Wave) against cuts to the Italian education system made by the Berlusconi government and organized rallies in each Italian region, including the national strike promoted with the CGIL, 14 November 2008.
The idea of a new national High School Students'Union was developed at the "Student Free Camp", organized by ReDS and SDS, from 28 July 2008 to 5 August 2008 near Latina, with also the presence of ISIM members.
Rete degli Studenti Medi is part of the National Forum of the Most Representative Students'Associations that cooperates with the Italian Ministry for Education.
The association cooperates with High School Students'Unions from France (the UNL, the UNL-SD and the SGL), from Belgium (the CEF) from Ireland (ISSU) and from Denmark (EEO) that took part to the "Revolution Camp" the National camp of Rete degli Studenti Medi and UdU, in the editions 2016 and 2017 in Massa, Tuscany and Montalto di Castro, Lazio. The FMDL, National French Association of High School Students'centers, was at the Revolution Camp too, as the beginning of a cooperation about services and welfare in Italian and French High Schools. Rete degli Studenti Medi joined the National Assembly and the National Congress of the UNL, respectively, in November 2015 and April 2016, and participated in the General Assembly of the OBESSU in Amsterdam, the 11 and 12 August 2016, starting the cooperation with other European Students'associations. For the first time as a Candidate Association, RSM had official delegates at the OBESSU Council of Members of December 2016 in Dublin, Ireland, and at the OBESSU General Assembly 2017 in Berlin, Germany.
RSM is an official Member of OBESSU since the International Students'Day 2017, day of the Council of Members of Prague in which RSM Membership was approved by the other member school student unions.
Rete degli Studenti Medi gave its solidarity to Danish student unions after a call of DGS (the General High School student union) against the university reform of 2017, and to Colombian students of ANDES part of the peace process at the end of the civil war between FARC and the Government of Colombia.
It organizes each year rallies and cultural events to celebrate 17 November, the International Student Day, joining international political platforms from the OBESSU and from ESU.
The association promotes in many Italian cities the "Second Hand School Book Market", an event that takes place in schools and in cultural centers, to allow Italian students to buy school books spending less, because the price of school books in Italy is considered too high and it has negative effects on the inclusion of many students.
21 May, the association joins the "Day of Memory and Commitment to commemorate all victims of Mafias", with national rallies, for example in Bologna (Emilia Romagna) in 2015, in Messina (Sicily) in 2016, and Locri (Calabria) in 2017 and demonstrations organised by Libera in different Italian cities.
Rete degli Studenti Medi, with Arci, Libera, CGIL and UdU organizes the "Campi della Legalità" summer camps in nine Italian regions where volunteers can work on lands that were properties of mafia families, which now are controlled by the State and administrated by these associations. Volunteers can visit places linked with the fight against the Mafia and they also learn about history of the anti-mafia movement with the help of people that are directly involved.
At a local and regional level, Rete degli Studenti Medi edits several School Students'Magazines, in particular "Il Mancino" is published in Veneto and Friuli Venezia Giulia, "Panoptes" in Umbria and "Senza Filtro" in Emilia Romagna.
Some of RSM Provincial Confederations organize cultural activities cooperating with Arci, the biggest Italian cultural association, and there are also Circoli Arci (local Arci clubs) directly supported by RSM members, like in Treviso, and Caltanissetta. Similar activities are organized with UdU, CGIL and ANPI.
After the Revolution Camp 2018 the National Board members are: Giammarco Manfreda (Coordinator, from Tuscany), Giulia Titoli (from Umbria), Elena Turchi (from Emilia Romagna), Rachele Scarpa (from Veneto), Francesco Boscheri (from Lazio) and Federico Allegretti (from Sicily). Rachele Scarpa is also the International Officer of the Organization, representing it officially in front of organizations from other countries and in the OBESSU.
It is a democratic Students' Union that fights for students' rights and in favour of public secondary education for all Italian citizens. Rete degli Studenti Medi defends the values of the Italian Constitution, it is against each form of discrimination, racism, fascism and fanaticism. It is not affiliated with political parties, but could be considered a leftist progressive Students' union.
National Spokesperson and Coordinator
Luca De Zolt (2008–2010)
Sofia Sabatino (2010–2012)
Daniele Lanni (2012–2014)
Alberto Irone (2014–2016)
Giammarco Manfreda (2016 – 2019)
Federico Allegretti (2019-today)
See also
Organising Bureau of European School Student Unions
CGIL
Arci
References
Anti-fascism
Student organisations in Italy
Cable compounds are materials used to prevent the ingress of moisture into telecommunication and power transmission cables. The compound used varies depending upon the type of cable, but generally they are either soft waxy compounds (for use in copper-wire telecom cables), soft thixotropic gels with a consistency similar to that of hair gel (for use in optical fibre cables), or resin/polymer thickened oils (for use in paper insulated energy cables). A cable with such a compound is called a filled cable. Cable compounds are formulated and manufactured to have very good electrical resistance properties to ensure good functioning of the filled cable.
Icky-pick is a common gel-type compound used in outdoor fiber-optic cables.
References
Cables
Snafuperman is a 1944 animated short comedy produced by Warner Bros. and directed by Friz Freleng. It is one of a series of black and white "Private Snafu" cartoons created for the Army-Navy Screen Magazine and shown only to American soldiers. The "Private Snafu" cartoons were not released commercially, until December 2010. The cartoon's title is a play on "Superman" and parodies the popular Superman cartoons of the 1940s.
Synopsis
Snafu annoys their fellow soldiers by listening to loud swing music and banging pots and pans in rhythm. The other soldiers at the barracks are busy studying maps, field manuals, and air recognition charts. Snafu dismisses their interest in studying, and claims they are not going to clunk the enemy over the head with books. In response, Technical Fairy, First Class—a miniature, shirtless, gravel-voiced G.I. with wings, who appears in nine of the shorts—grants Private Snafu the powers of Superman in order to fight the Nazis. But Snafu is still Snafu.
Their first task is to transport a bomb to Berlin and bomb it. They refuse to read a map and ends up in Washington, D.C. They drop the bomb over the United States Capitol. The Fairy stops the bomb and informs Snafu that the Americans are on their side, and Snafu melts into a puddle in the air in embarrassment over their near blunder. Their next task involves stopping a "lumbering Japanese tank". They have actually misidentified an American tank and angers its commander, an American general. They nervously salute the officer.
They next spots "a mess of Messerschmitts" about to bomb an American port. They successfully intercept their aerial bombs and piles them up on a pier. As they proudly sit upon the pile, while claiming that they're harmless as a burned out match, they fail to recognize the delay-action bombs among them. They explode beneath him. As a result of their own ignorance, Snafu ends up hospitalized. The Fairy visits him, asking if there is anything they could do. Snafu angrily demands a field manual, ending the short.
Analysis
The short is one of several satirical takes on Superman produced during World War II. The purpose of the short was to entertain and educate low-literacy enlisted men. Snafu ends up doing the wrong thing because of their refusal to read their field manual.
The short uses a segment of Sammy Timberg's theme for Superman, which was previously heard in the Superman shorts by Fleischer Studios and Famous Studios. Because the Private Snafu shorts were meant exclusively meant to educate US soldiers and not for public viewing, Stalling was able to use the song without any legal issues.
Availability
The "Private Snafu" cartoons have fallen into the public domain and are widely available in free downloads and on unofficial VHS and DVD releases. Many have also been released officially. Snafuperman is a bonus feature on Warner Home Video's Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3 and Superman Ultimate Collector's Edition. (Coincidentally, Warner Bros. and Superman's publishers, DC Comics, merged in 1969, which made the cartoon's inclusion in the latter set possible.)
See also
List of Private Snafu shorts
Sponsored film
List of films in the public domain in the United States
Sources
References
References
Leonard Maltin, Of Mice and Magic: A History of American Animated Cartoons, NY, 1987, p. 254
External links
1944 films
1940s parody films
1944 animated films
1940s animated superhero films
American animated comedy films
American animated superhero films
American animated science fiction films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Parody superheroes
American superhero comedy films
Private Snafu
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
Films set in Washington, D.C.
Articles containing video clips
Films scored by Carl Stalling
American parody films
Films produced by Leon Schlesinger
1944 comedy films
1940s Warner Bros. animated short films
1940s American films
N. Bruce McLeod (born 1930) is a former Moderator of the United Church of Canada (1972–1974). They have a doctorate in preaching from Union Theological Seminary in New York.
Once the minister of Bloor Street United Church in downtown Toronto and a frequent columnist in the United Church Observer, as Moderator McLeod practised extensive outreach via television and by ministry in shopping malls and elsewhere in the world beyond traditional congregational worship. They envisioned a United Church of Canada that would become more open and welcoming to new ideas than had previously been the case, and one in which regional sensibilities as to then-current issues such as abortion would be given credibility. During their term, McLeod also succeeded in encouraging more friendly relations between Jews and the United Church of Canada.
In the 1981 provincial election, McLeod was the Ontario Liberal Party's candidate in the Toronto riding of St. George, where they finished second behind Susan Fish.
Notes
1930 births
Living people
Members of the United Church of Canada
Ministers of the United Church of Canada
Moderators of the United Church of Canada
Clergy from Toronto
Union Theological Seminary (New York City) alumni
Upper Canada College alumni
Ontario Liberal Party candidates in Ontario provincial elections
The Monument to Boris Yeltsin in Yekaterinburg () is a monument to Boris Yeltsin, the first President of Russia, Soviet party, Russian political and state leader, one of the founders of postsoviet Russia, in Yekaterinburg, the oblast center of their native region where they lived and worked for a long time. The monument is located near Boris Yeltsin Presidential Center. The monument is regularly subject to vandalism.
General information
The monument is located on the Street of Boris Yeltsin in the business area of Yekaterinburg in the Downtown in front of the Demidov-Plaza congress hall, where the memorial and informational Yeltsin Presidential Legacy Center, curated by state Fund "Yeltsin Presidential Center" and charity Fund "Yeltsin Ural Center" (branch of The First President of Russia Yeltsin Fund), holds its premises.
The monument is a ten meter high stele-obelisk with a full-size Yeltsin bas-relief on a dark-grey pedestal on the stairs to the perron in front of Demidov-Plaza. It is noted, Yeltsin's image is directed forward with its motion and gaze, while the marble and the form of the monument are well designed to the Ural climate.
The monument was created by Moscow sculptor , who had previously made the headstone for Yeltsin's grave. According to Frangulyan, "not traditional bronze or granite, but white marble was chosen, as it is living, semitransparent material; this monument is not an obelisk, but a boulder, boulder in motion, such as Boris Nikolayevich was."
History
The monument was opened on February 1, 2011, on Yeltsin's 80th birthday. The Third President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev arrived to Yekaterinburg for birthday celebrations and participated in the opening ceremony.
When opening the monument, which they liked, Medvedev noted, that "Russia must be grateful to Yeltsin for the country not leaving the way of changes in the most difficult period, conducted serious transformations and moves forward today".
The ceremony was also attended by Yeltsin's widow Naina Iosifovna, their relatives and friends, representatives of federal government, Sverdlovsk Oblast head Alexander Misharin, and heads of neighboring regions.
Opening of the monument caused protests of the local communists, while city authorities declined the rally against the opening. This resulted in Union of Communist Youth representatives' suing against the Yekaterinburg administration.
Monument vandalism
On the night of August 23 to 24, 2012 the monument was vandalised by unidentified individuals: the figure of Yeltsin was doused with blue paint, letters on the pedestal were dislodged. Attempts to wash the monument in its place were unsuccessful, resulting in the decision of its dismantling.
On October 1, 2012, after restoration works, the monument was returned to its place.
On November 7, 2017 (on the day of centennial of October Revolution) Igor Shchuka tried to set the monument on fire. For this act, they were sentenced to one year of manual labour in February 2018. After the sentence Shchuka managed to hide for almost a year, but then the oblast court cancelled the decision "due to a scintilla of evidence".
References
Boris Yeltsin
Buildings and structures completed in 2011
2011 establishments in Russia
Statues in Russia
Outdoor sculptures in Russia
Monuments and memorials in Yekaterinburg
Brezovica () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 90 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Nenagh M. Kemp is a psychologist with the University of Tasmania.  They are a specialist in the acquisition, development and use of spoken and written language.  They are the associate editor for the Journal of Research in Reading and for Reading and Writing.  They are a member of the editorial board of Scientific Studies of Reading.
They have carried out research into the effect of text messaging on literacy about which they jointly wrote a book that was published in 2014.
Selected publications
Books
Text Messaging and Literacy - The Evidence. Routledge, Abingdon, 2014. (With C. & B. Plester)
Articles
Kemp N, "Texting versus txtng: reading and writing text messages, and links with other linguistic skills", Writing Systems Research, 2, (1) pp. 53–71. ISSN 1758-6801 (2010)
Kemp N.M., Bryant P., "Do beez buzz? Rule-based and frequency-based knowledge in learning to spell plural -s", Child Development, 74, (1) pp. 63–74. ISSN 0009-3920 (2003) [Refereed Article]
References
External links
University of Tasmania alumni
Alumni of the University of Oxford
University of Tasmania faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Archaeozeus skamolensis is an extinct species of fish from the Ypresian epoch Fur Formation of Denmark.
See also
Protozeus – a genus of extinct fish from the same formation
References
Eocene fish
Fossils of Denmark
Fur Formation
Tekkedere is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 179 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Pelicaria is a genus of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Struthiolariidae.
Species
† Pelicaria arahura Beu, 2010
† Pelicaria canaliculata (Zittel, 1864)
† Pelicaria cestata Marwick, 1965
† Pelicaria clarki (Neef, 1970)
† Pelicaria granttaylori Beu, 2010
† Pelicaria lacera (Marwick, 1931)
† Pelicaria marima (Neef, 1970)
† Pelicaria monilifera (Suter, 1914)
† Pelicaria nana (Marwick, 1926)
† Pelicaria parva (Suter, 1915)
† Pelicaria procanalis Beu, 1970
† Pelicaria pseudovermis (Bartrum & Powell, 1928)
† Pelicaria rugosa (Marwick, 1924)
Pelicaria vermis (Martyn, 1784)
† Pelicaria zelandiae (P. Marshall & R. Murdoch, 1920)
Species brought into synonymy
Pelicaria acuminata (Marwick, 1924): synonym of Pelicaria vermis (Martyn, 1784)
Pelicaria convexa (Marwick, 1924): synonym of Pelicaria vermis (Martyn, 1784)
Pelicaria fossa (Marwick, 1924): synonym of Pelicaria vermis (Martyn, 1784)
† Pelicaria mangaoparia Vella, 1953: synonym of Pelicaria vermis (Martyn, 1784)
† Pelicaria marwicki Finlay, 1931: synonym of † Tylospira marwicki (Finlay, 1931) (original combination)
† Pelicaria rotunda Vella, 1953: synonym of Pelicaria vermis (Martyn, 1784)
References
Gray, J. E. (1857). Guide to the systematic distribution of Mollusca in the British Museum. Part I. (Gastropoda). British Museum, London, xii + 230 pp
Struthiolariidae
Gastropods of New Zealand
Adrien Broom is a contemporary fine art and commercial photographer from Connecticut. Broom's fine art photography often alludes to themes of childhood fantasy, with young women as the protagonists. Them commercial work includes fashion and portrait photography.
Biography
Broom received a bachelor's degree in computer animation from Northeastern University, studied fine art in Florence, Italy at Studio Art Centers International (SACI), and art history in the Christie's Education program in London. Citing childhood memories as an important catalyst, they make use of period costumes to compose images that are often derived from fairy tales, but "It's a little darker than my reality as a child, drawing on my adult vision of the beautiful and bizarre." When composing fantasy-based scenarios on a miniature scale, Broom constructs sets in their studio using malleable and found objects. A current project continues to draw from the interest in fairy tale imagery, with the exploration of color as a unifying theme. As part of their commercial assignments, Broom regularly photographed Grace Potter and the Nocturnals.
Broom's photographs have been featured in numerous exhibitions in Connecticut and New York City, as well as in the American Dreamers exhibition at the Palazzo Strozzi in Florence in 2012. For art historian Roderick Conway Morris, Broom's photographs of ethereal female figures include references to Pre-Raphaelite art, Baroque sculpture and Symbolism. Bartholomew Bland, Director of Curatorial Affairs at the Hudson River Museum, writes that "through the use of photography, Broom cleverly conceals from us their meticulous craftsmanship....in Broom's (work) it is easy to forget that many of the most dramatic effects are created by hand." In their miniature dioramas, Broom uses both overt narrative and enigmatic imagery, with references to classical art as well as existential literature.
Working at Erector Square in New Haven, Broom often supplements their studio's ample natural light with artificial illumination. Them work entails three distinct components: the building of sets, the photographic shoot itself and the subsequent editing of images. According to Broom, the construction of a set takes between one and three weeks. "My sets take a while to build, and renting a space per project just wouldn't make sense."
In 2015, Broom's photographs and installations were the subject of an exhibition at the Hudson River Museum. In 2016, Broom's photographs on the grounds of the Florence Griswold Museum were exhibited in a group show there. Them photographs were also the subject of a solo show at the Lyman Allyn Art Museum. For a series of works in 2016, Broom designed a specially illuminated dress for a model they photographed in the vast interior of Wentworth Woodhouse. Broom's photographs on the grounds of the Griswold Museum and Wentworth House are part of a larger series inspired by Wentworth, Holding Space: Historic Homes Project, which has also included photographs taken at the Mark Twain House and on the Fishers Island Ferry. Broom has been assisted in this project by the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and has cited the importance of preparation for the narratives they develop; three months of research on Mark Twain's life preceded their work at the Twain house. In the end, the Twain series focused primarily on the author's wife and daughters. Broom has planned further shoots for the series at other historic residences, including Gillette Castle State Park, the Pollock-Krasner House and Study Center and the Alice Austen House.
Accolades
In 2019, they were listed among the 40 Under 40 List put out by Connecticut Magazine.
Sources
Bland, Bartholomew. Dream No Small Dreams: The Miniature Worlds of Adrien Broom, Thomas Doyle and Patrick Jacobs, Ronchini Gallery, London, 2013.
Barry, Amy J. "Reality with a Twist", Grace Magazine, The Day, February 16, 2011
Barry, Amy J. "Activating the Playful Side of the Brain", The Day, January 6, 2011
Centre for Contemporary Culture at Palazzo Strozzi
"Lyme's Adrien Broom exhibits in Italy", The Day, April 8, 2012
Barry, Amy J. "Adrien Broom's current project thrives in living color". The Day, April 7, 2013
Pantovich, Mila. "Ultra Talented Artist Adrien Broom Takes a Moment to Tell Us About Just What Fuels Them Curious Worlds", JustLuxe, April 28, 2014
References
External links
Adrien Broom website
photography by Adrien Broom at Grace Potter and the Nocturnals website
"Adrien Broom's Bizarre World", PocketWizard
"Adrien Broom on Location", PocketWizard
Susan Hodara, Imagining Envy, One of the Seven Deadly Sins, The New York Times, July 31, 2015
American photographers
Fashion photographers
Artists from Connecticut
Living people
Northeastern University alumni
American women photographers
American installation artists
1980 births
21st-century American women
Ampere is the codename for a graphics processing unit (GPU) microarchitecture developed by Nvidia as the successor to both the Volta and Turing architectures, officially announced on May 14, 2020. It is named after French mathematician and physicist André-Marie Ampère. Nvidia announced the next-generation GeForce 30 series consumer GPUs at a GeForce Special Event on September 1, 2020. Nvidia announced A100 80GB GPU at SC20 on November 16, 2020. Mobile RTX graphics cards and the RTX 3060 were revealed on January 12, 2021. Nvidia also announced Ampere's successor, Hopper, at GTC 2022, and "Ampere Next Next" for a 2024 release at GPU Technology Conference 2021.
Details
Architectural improvements of the Ampere architecture include the following:
CUDA Compute Capability 8.0 for A100 and 8.6 for the GeForce 30 series
TSMC's 7 nm FinFET process for A100
Custom version of Samsung's 8 nm process (8N) for the GeForce 30 series
Third-generation Tensor Cores with FP16, bfloat16, TensorFloat-32 (TF32) and FP64 support and sparsity acceleration. The individual Tensor cores have with 256 FP16 FMA operations per second 4x processing power (GA100 only, 2x on GA10x) compared to previous Tensor Core generations; the Tensor Core Count is reduced to one per SM.
Second-generation ray tracing cores; concurrent ray tracing, shading, and compute for the GeForce 30 series
High Bandwidth Memory 2 (HBM2) on A100 40GB & A100 80GB
GDDR6X memory for GeForce RTX 3090, RTX 3080 Ti, RTX 3080, RTX 3070 Ti
Double FP32 cores per SM on GA10x GPUs
NVLink 3.0 with a 50Gbit/s per pair throughput
PCI Express 4.0 with SR-IOV support (SR-IOV is reserved only for A100)
Multi-instance GPU (MIG) virtualization and GPU partitioning feature in A100 supporting up to seven instances
PureVideo feature set K hardware video decoding with AV1 hardware decoding for the GeForce 30 series and feature set J for A100
5 NVDEC for A100
Adds new hardware-based 5-core JPEG decode (NVJPG) with YUV420, YUV422, YUV444, YUV400, RGBA. Should not be confused with Nvidia NVJPEG (GPU-accelerated library for JPEG encoding/decoding)
Chips
GA100
GA102
GA103
GA104
GA106
GA107
Comparison of Compute Capability: GP100 vs GV100 vs GA100
Comparison of Precision Support Matrix
Legend:
FPnn: floating point with nn bits
INTn: integer with n bits
INT1: binary
TF32: TensorFloat32
BF16: bfloat16
Comparison of Decode Performance
A100 accelerator and DGX A100
Announced and released on May 14, 2020 was the Ampere-based A100 accelerator. The A100 features 19.5 teraflops of FP32 performance, 6912 CUDA cores, 40GB of graphics memory, and 1.6TB/s of graphics memory bandwidth. The A100 accelerator was initially available only in the 3rd generation of DGX server, including 8 A100s. Also included in the DGX A100 is 15TB of PCIe gen 4 NVMe storage, two 64-core AMD Rome 7742 CPUs, 1 TB of RAM, and Mellanox-powered HDR InfiniBand interconnect. The initial price for the DGX A100 was $199,000.
Products using Ampere
GeForce MX series
GeForce MX570 (mobile) (GA107)
GeForce 20 series
GeForce RTX 2050 (mobile) (GA107)
GeForce 30 series
GeForce RTX 3050 (mobile) (GA107)
GeForce RTX 3050 (GA106 or GA107)
GeForce RTX 3050 Ti (mobile) (GA107)
GeForce RTX 3060 (mobile) (GA106)
GeForce RTX 3060 (GA106 or GA104)
GeForce RTX 3060 Ti (GA104 or GA103)
GeForce RTX 3070 (mobile) (GA104)
GeForce RTX 3070 (GA104)
GeForce RTX 3070 Ti (mobile) (GA104)
GeForce RTX 3070 Ti (GA104)
GeForce RTX 3080 (mobile) (GA104)
GeForce RTX 3080 (GA102)
GeForce RTX 3080 12GB (GA102)
GeForce RTX 3080 Ti (mobile) (GA103)
GeForce RTX 3080 Ti (GA102)
GeForce RTX 3090 (GA102)
GeForce RTX 3090 Ti (GA102)
Nvidia Workstation GPUs (formerly Quadro)
RTX A2000 (mobile) (GA107)
RTX A2000 (GA106)
RTX A3000 (mobile) (GA104)
RTX A4000 (mobile) (GA104)
RTX A4000 (GA104)
RTX A4500 (GA102)
RTX A5000 (mobile) (GA104)
RTX A5000 (GA102)
RTX A5500 (GA102)
RTX A6000 (GA102)
Nvidia Data Center GPUs (formerly Tesla)
Nvidia A2 (GA107)
Nvidia A10 (GA102)
Nvidia A16 (4 × GA107)
Nvidia A30 (GA100)
Nvidia A40 (GA102)
Nvidia A100 (GA100)
Nvidia A100 80GB (GA100)
See also
List of Nvidia graphics processing units
Nvidia NVENC
Nvidia NVDEC
References
External links
NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPU Architecture whitepaper
Nvidia Ampere GA102 GPU Architecture whitepaper
Nvidia Ampere Architecture
Nvidia A100 Tensor Core GPU
NVIDIA Ampere Architecture In-Depth
Nvidia microarchitectures
Nvidia Ampere
A Tian (Chinese: 阿田 "A Tian", "our little Tian") is Justin Lo's fourth studio album which was released on September 30, 2008. It was their first released album since Gold Label Records acquired EMI Music Taiwan and EMI Music China (Typhoon Records) in 2008, reforming to Gold Typhoon Entertainment Ltd.
Track listing
"三十日"
"世界小姐"
"信我"
"未輸"
"闊太"
"側太" (feat sister Roxane Lo)
"雲"
"Intoxication"
"中環"
"自身"
External links
Album's information on moov.hk (in Chinese)
Justin Lo albums
2008 albums
Peckoltia ephippiata is a species of catfish in the family Loricariidae. It is a freshwater fish native to South America, where it is known from the Leitão River, which is part of the Madeira River drainage in the state of Rôndonia in Brazil. The species reaches 10.2 cm (4 inches) SL.
Its specific epithet, ephippiata, derives from the Latin word for "saddle" and refers to the saddle-like patterns exhibited by the species. It was described in 2015 by Jonathan W. Armbruster (of Auburn University), David C. Werneke, and Milton Tan alongside two other "saddled" members of the genus Peckoltia: P. greedoi and P. lujani.
References
Loricariidae
Fish described in 2015
Fish of Brazil
Pedagogy 3.0 is a neologism, developed in 2010 by Jim Vanides for the Hewlett Packard Catalyst Initiative. It refers to the attitudes, competencies and skills required by teachers and educators working in a Web 3.0 enabled world.
Web 3.0 is considered to extend the social aspects of Web 2.0, through its use of internet-enabled mobile devices, cloud computing, social networking, and cloud-based collaborative working tools (e.g. Google Apps), which facilitate real-time and asynchronous collaborations. Web 3.0 will extend the Web 1.0 capabilities of information searching through personalisation of information delivery through its use of semantic web algorithms, and search engines.
Pedagogy 3.0 is also the name of a consortium in the HP Catalyst Initiative that is dedicated to exploring the characteristic features of a pedagogy that makes full use of this technology. The group is primarily focussing on developing models of pedagogy for STEM+ subjects, (Science-Technology-Engineering-Mathematics and other subjects based on empirical evidence, including anthropology, geography, psychology, and sociology).
The HP Catalyst Pedagogy 3.0 consortium considers that pedagogy 3.0 facilitates collaborative, open-ended involvement between students, with the teacher adopting the roles of facilitator and mentor. Open-ended activities may run alongside other, more teacher-directed, activities in a versatile pedagogy that is an extension of blended learning pedagogic models. Learning in such scenarios is constructivist and has similarities with project-based, inquiry and problem-based approaches, although extended to exploit the collaborative features emerging in Web 3.0 tools.
Notes
Pedagogy
Jane Elizabeth Hodgson (January 23, 1915, Crookston, Minnesota – October 23, 2006, Rochester, Minnesota) was an American obstetrician and gynecologist. Hodgson received a bachelor's degree from Carleton College and their M.D. from the University of Minnesota. They trained at the Jersey City Medical Center and at the Mayo Clinic.
Hodgson's 50-year career focused on providing reproductive health care to women, including abortions. They opened their own clinic in St Paul, Minnesota and co-founded the Duluth Women's Health Center. In addition to providing medical care to women, Hodgson was also an advocate for women's rights, challenging state laws that restricted access to abortion.  They are the only person ever convicted in the United States of performing an abortion in a hospital.
Education and career
Hodgson received a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Carleton College in 1934 and their medical degree from the University of Minnesota in 1939. Hodgson met their future husband, Frank W. Quattlebaum, when they were both interns in Jersey City, New Jersey. Together they completed their medical training at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. They both gave time and talent to Project Hope, serving in Tanzania, Peru, Ecuador, Egypt, Grenada, and China.
Hodgson eventually opened their own clinic in St Paul, Minnesota in 1947, and for the next 50 years provided reproductive health care to women. Them early research included pregnancy-testing methods and in 1952 they became a Founding Fellow of American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. In 1981 Hodgson co-founded the Duluth Women's Health Center.
Hodgson's opinion of abortion was influenced by both the women they cared for in their own practice, and by those they met on their many trips they took with their husband to the third world during the 1950s. They later told an interviewer: "My position on abortion evolved. I had been taught that abortion was immoral. I gradually came to change, I came to feel that the law was immoral, there were all these young women whose health was being ruined, whose lives were being ruined, whose plans had to be changed. From my point of view, it was poor medicine, it was poor public health policy." They are, however, optimistic about the future: Pulitzer prize winner Linda Greenhouse cited an article in the Mayo Clinic alumni magazine in which Hodgson predicted: "Someday, abortion will be a humane medical service, not a felony." Hodgson summarized their opinion of the medical profession and abortion in a letter to the editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association: "Lest we forget—legal, competent, medical professionals are all that stand between safe health care for women and the dark days of the back-alleys. We in medicine have a moral obligation to provide that health care."
Awards and honors
Hodgson's advocacy for, and contributions to, the field of women's health earned them the National Abortion Federation's Christopher Tietze Humanitarian Award in 1981, the Planned Parenthood Federation of America's Margaret Sanger Award in 1995, and the American Medical Women's Association's National Reproductive Health Award in 1994. They were one of the first physicians to be inducted into the International Women in Medicine Hall of Fame in 2001.
Abortion court cases
In 1970, Hodgson performed an abortion on a 23-year-old married mother of three children who had contracted rubella, which can cause serious birth defects in the fetus and child. The abortion, a dilation and curettage (D&C), was performed at the St. Paul-Ramsey Hospital (now called Regions Hospital). At the time, abortion was illegal in Minnesota, unless the pregnancy was a threat to the woman's health. Hodgson was charged, pled guilty and was sentenced to 30 days in jail. This was the first time that a licensed physician had been convicted for performing a therapeutic abortion in a hospital. They appealed to the state supreme court which overturned their conviction after the pivotal Roe v. Wade decision by the United States Supreme Court. In response to their lawyer's question during their trial, "Do you regard the fertilized ovum as equivalent to a human person?" Hodgson replied, "No, and most women would not. We are more pragmatic than men, more concerned with reality. I'm concerned with the sacredness of life, but this is only a few embryonic cells." They continued, "We, as physicians, should be concerned with the quality of life as it develops."
In 1981, Hodgson lent their name to a suit (Hodgson v. Minnesota) brought by Planned Parenthood against Minnesota, challenging that state's law requiring that both parents be notified at least 48 hours before a minor has an abortion. When the case was heard in District Court, Hodgson testified that "...one 14-year-old patient, in order to keep their pregnancy private, tried to induce an abortion with the help of their friends by inserting a metallic object into their vagina, thereby tearing their body, scarring their cervix, and causing bleeding. When that attempt failed to induce an abortion, the patient, then four or five months pregnant, finally went to an abortion clinic. Because of the damage to the patient's cervix, doctors had to perform a hysterotomy..." The United States Supreme Court upheld that law in 1990, in part because the law included a 'judicial bypass', allowing a judge to permit the abortion without parental notification. In most cases, judges permit the abortions.
Hodgson was in court again in 1993 as a co-plaintiff in a case in which the judge struck down Minnesota's ban on Medicaid payments for abortions. Hodgson testified or provided research assistance for many cases including Sabot v Fargo Women's Health Organization, Women of the State of Minnesota v Natalie Haas Steffen, and Women's National Abortion Action Coalition (WONAAC) v Washington. Dr. Hodgson was committed to advocating for women's health rights, in 1989 Hodgson states "if at any time I've ever had any doubt about what I'm doing, all I have to do is see a patient, and talk to her, and I realize it's the right thing."
Women's Health Movement
Starting in the 1960s the United States' abortion laws were under scrutiny as many of the laws only restricted abortions to cases when the mother's life was at risk. During this time doctors were calling for the liberalization of abortion laws. Soon after, in the late 1960s, feminists joined doctors in the fight and requested for "abortions on demand." In 1969, a group of twelve women met at a women's liberation conference in Boston, they talked about their own experiences with doctors and shared their self-knowledge. From their research, in 1970, came a 193-page course booklet entitled "Women and Their Bodies" that included topics such as childbirth, birth control and venereal disease. This was the beginning of the Women's Health Movement.
Hodgson's actions were part of the Women's Health Movement. The year after Hodgson performed the abortion "Women and Their Bodies" was revised and retitled as "Our Bodies, Ourselves" as a way to emphasize this new movement of women demanding for knowledge about their bodies and more control over their healthcare.
Works
Books and book chapters
Journal articles
References
Additional resources
The Jane E. Hodgson Papers, as well as records from the Minnesota Attorney General's office, are available for research use at the Minnesota Historical Society.
1915 births
2006 deaths
People from Crookston, Minnesota
American abortion providers
American abortion-rights activists
American women's rights activists
American women physicians
American obstetricians
Carleton College alumni
University of Minnesota Medical School alumni
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
Kalateh-ye Ali Zeynal (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Zeynal; also known as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alī Zeynā) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,339, in 306 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Away is a 2019 animated silent film, written and animated by Gints Zilbalodis, a Latvian film-maker, who also wrote and recorded the score for the film. It is a computer-animated film, using the programme Maya. The film follows a boy who parachutes onto land, where they find a motorbike and an injured bird. With these, they set off to reach an initially unknown goal, pursued by a shadowy giant monster, which drains life from every living being that crosses its path. The film is divided into different chapters, each individually named.
It was presented at the 2019 Annecy International Animation Film Festival, winning the Contrechamp Award. It was also presented at the Tokyo Film Festival, and the London International Animation Festival.
Reception
Variety praised the visual and soundtrack aspects of the movie but highlighted weaknesses in the story-telling. Some reviewers talked about the surreal nature of the work and the minimalist soundtrack. Several reviewers focussed on the effort required for a single person to create an entire animated film, and the opportunities modern animation software offers to independent film-makers.
Awards
The film was nominated for the Annie Award for Music in a Feature Production at the 47th Annie Awards. Away won Best Animated Film at the 2019 Lielais Kristaps, the largest Latvian film awards. The Lielais Kristaps award jury (which included Lolita Ritmanis, , Larisa Gūtmane, , Zane Balčus and ) also remarked upon the achievement of one person making an entire film, stating "When awarding the prize, the jury wants to emphasize the film's unique visual and audio fantasy world, which the author has convincingly created alone."
References
External Links
2019 films
2019 animated films
2019 computer-animated films
Animated films without speech
Latvian animated films
Revere Beach Parkway is a historic parkway in the suburbs immediately north of Boston, Massachusetts. It begins at Wellington Circle in Medford, where the road leading to the west is Mystic Valley Parkway, and the north–south road is the Fellsway, designated Route 28. The parkway proceeds east, ending at Eliot Circle, the junction of Revere Beach Boulevard and Winthrop Parkway in Revere. In between, the parkway passes through the cities of Everett and Chelsea. The parkway was built between 1896 and 1904 to provide access from interior communities to Revere Beach. It underwent two major periods of capacity expansion, in the 1930s and again in the 1950s. The parkway is designated as part of Route 16 west of Route 1A, and as part of Route 145 east of that point.
The route of the roadway, along with a number of specific features relating to its original period of construction and those of the later expansions up to 1957, was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
History
Revere Beach Parkway was one of the first parkways proposed by landscape architect Charles Eliot, identified in an 1893 report to a predecessor of the Metropolitan District Commission. Work began in 1897, with the construction of a bridge across the railroad tracks of the Boston, Revere Beach and Lynn Railroad, now the MBTA Blue Line right-of-way. Although this bridge was lengthened to cross State Road, the original 1899 northern bridge abutment survives.
Survey work was done in 1898 to identify the route through Chelsea and Everett. The Olmsted Brothers, who consulted on the parkway design, suggested its width be tailored to the cost required to take the land it ran over, resulting in a wider right-of-way in less expensive areas. By 1899 the entire route had been designed and land acquired, and the eastern section from Eliot Circle to Winthrop Avenue had been completed. When originally built, the parkway ran adjacent to Winthrop Street, but the two were merged during road widening in the 1950s.
Construction between Winthrop Avenue and Main Street in Everett took place between 1900 and 1901, but was complicated by the crossing of the Boston and Maine tracks just west of where Massachusetts Route 1A crosses the parkway. Apparently originally expected to be a grade crossing, in 1903 a pony truss bridge was built to span the tracks. This bridge is the oldest surviving bridge on the parkway.
The final section of the parkway, between Main Street in Everett and the Fellsway, was built between 1903 and 1905. This stretch included three significant bridges: two across railroad tracks, and one across the Malden River. The railroad bridges were of steel girder construction, and the Malden Street bridge was a drawbridge. The first of these bridges, across the B&M Saugus Branch line, is now used by the Poirer Memorial Roadway, and the parkway crosses the right of way on a modern six-lane bridge. The second, the Malden River drawbridge, is a double-leaf simple trunnion bridge built in 1954 to replace the earlier drawbridge. The drawbridge is no longer used, but the operator's house still survives. The third bridge, which now crosses the MBTA Orange Line as well as commuter rail lines, was replaced in 1956 with a modern six-lane bridge.
The roadway has been significantly altered over the years, principally widening to allow for increased traffic flow. There are two places where original alignments of the parkway remain. One is the Poirer Memorial Roadway, which is a westbound access road from Santilli Circle in Everett to the Sweetser Overpass. The other segment is now part of an access road in Revere on the north side of the parkway.
Major intersections
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Suffolk County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Medford, Massachusetts
References
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Parkways in Massachusetts
Historic districts in Suffolk County, Massachusetts
Historic districts in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Transportation in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Transportation in Suffolk County, Massachusetts
Chelsea, Massachusetts
Everett, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Chelsea, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Revere, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Parks on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
A Fever in the Blood is a 1961 American courtroom drama, produced and distributed by Warner Brothers. The film features a roster of the studio's television contract players, often miscast according to the film's producer and screenwriter Roy Huggins in their Archive of American Television interview. In fact, Huggins later complained that the film's star, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. was "too young for the role [of the judge] and I said so". The picture, based on the 1959 novel of the same name by a retired Colorado lawyer, William Pearson, also featured Angie Dickinson, Jack Kelly, Don Ameche, Ray Danton, Herbert Marshall, Rhodes Reason, Robert Colbert, Carroll O'Connor (in their film debut), Parley Baer, and Saundra Edwards. The film was directed by Vincent Sherman, with music by Ernest Gold, cinematography by J. Peverell Marley, and editing by William H. Ziegler.
Plot
Judge Leland Hoffman (Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.) and District Attorney Dan Callahan (Jack Kelly) go on a weekend hunting trip. The two men share something in common; they both will seek their party's gubernatorial nomination. But when socialite Paula Thornwell is found murdered, D. A. Callahan is summoned back to the city to investigate. Because of the high-profile nature of the Thornwall case, Callahan decides to handle the prosecution himself. The victim's estranged husband, industrialist Walter Thornwall (Rhodes Reason), becomes Callahan's prime suspect. Eventually, they are charged with murder. Interestingly, Judge Hoffman is assigned to hear the case. Meanwhile, U. S. Senator Alex Simon (Don Ameche), who will also run for governor, offers Hoffman a coveted federal bench appointment if they will step away from the governor's race. Hoffman refuses the bribe, and the big murder trial commences.
The pressures of the courtroom turn the otherwise affable Dan Callahan into a ruthless, vindictive prosecutor, determined to win a conviction at any cost. However, at one point, Thornwall's defense attorney (Ray Danton) calls police sergeant Michael Beers (Jesse White) to the witness stand. During their testimony, Beers unethically blurts that the defendant, Thornwall, had once threatened their wife. The defense makes a motion for mistrial, triggering Callahan's immediate objection. After a tense moment of reflection, Judge Hoffman orders Beers' testimony stricken from the record, but they deny the move for mistrial. In the end, the jury decides in favor of conviction, thus paving the way for a Callahan candidacy.
After the trial is over, Hoffman's guilty conscience forces them to go public with revelation of Senator Simon's bribe, all of which is too much for the senator. They suffer a major stroke, making a deathbed confession of the bribe attempt. As a result, Hoffman's career as a judge is over. In the meantime, a gardener found to be Paula Thornwall's actual murderer, is apprehended by police and confesses. Callahan uses the confession to free Thornwall as a means of more self-promotion. However, when delegates at the party's state convention consider whom to nominate for governor, they wind up rejecting the showboating Callahan in favor of Hoffman, the quiet man of conscience. As a result, the judge is selected to represent the party in the gubernatorial contest.
Cast
Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. ...
Judge Leland Hoffman
Angie Dickinson ...
Cathy Simon
Jack Kelly ...
Dan Callahan
Don Ameche ...
Sen. Alex Simon
Ray Danton ...
Clem Marker (lawyer)
Herbert Marshall ...
Gov. Oliver Thornwall
Andra Martin ...
Laura Mayberry
Jesse White ...
Mickey Beers
Rhodes Reason ...
Walter Thornwall
Robert Colbert ...
Thomas J. Morely
Carroll O'Connor ...
Matt Keenan
Parley Baer ...
Charles 'Charlie' Bosworth
Saundra Edwards ...
Lucy Callahan
Production Notes
Director Vincent Sherman at first considered the story "old-fashioned...with dismal prospects." The script's adapter, Roy Huggins, agreed and "tried to update it wherever possible." Ultimately though, Sherman criticized the casting of TV actors like Jack Kelly and Efrem Zimbalist, Jr., because they felt their presence on screen would "cause audiences to regard the film as merely an enlarged TV program."
Studio boss Jack L. Warner's attitude toward television actors like Jack Kelly who aspired to film stardom was somewhat cynical. They once commented that "naturally they want to get out of TV because the work is not easy. They want to get into features where they can have an easier occupation.". Nevertheless, Warner had to admit that Jack Kelly "was a worker and a contract player [who] gave Jack [Warner] all they were worth." Thus, Warner felt obligated finally to offer them a starring role in this film.
Since A Fever in the Blood had debuted while Jack Kelly was still appearing in the TV western-satire, Maverick, the actor "found themselves in two totally different personas at the same time -- one on the small screen, and one on the large screen." In Maverick, they were an easy-going, laid-back gambler on horseback; in Fever, however, they acted the role of an intensely dislikeable politician. Another Maverick cast member, Robert Colbert, who played "Brent Maverick" in two episodes, was also in the cast of Fever. They played the Thornwalls' gardener.
References
External links
1961 films
1961 crime drama films
American black-and-white films
American crime drama films
American political drama films
Film scores
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Vincent Sherman
Films scored by Ernest Gold
Warner Bros. films
Films with screenplays by Harry Kleiner
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Daniel Åkervall (born 23 May 1982) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IK Brage as a midfielder.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
IF Sylvia players
Ljungskile SK players
IK Brage players
Superettan players
Allsvenskan players
Neurochaetidae is a family of flies belonging to the order Diptera.
Genera:
Anthoclusia Hennig, 1965
Neurochaeta McAlpine, 1978
Neurocytta McAlpine, 1988
Neurotexis McAlpine, 1988
Nothoasteia Malloch, 1936
References
Opomyzoidea
Opomyzoidea genera
The Martin House and Farm is a historic farm at 22 Stoney Hill Road in North Swansea, Massachusetts. The main house is a -story gambrel-roofed wood-frame structure, with a crosswise ell at the rear. The oldest portion was built in 1728 by John Martin, as a single pile structure with a gable roof. It was soon afterward extended with a kitchen space, and was enlarged about 1814, when the gambrel roof was added. The property was farmed by Martin's descendants until 1934, when the property was bequested to The National Society of the Colonial Dames of America. The house is operated by the Dames as a historic house museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
External links
Martin House Farm - National Society of The Colonial Dames of America
Houses completed in 1728
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
History of Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Museums in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Historic house museums in Massachusetts
Swansea, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
National Society of the Colonial Dames of America
1728 establishments in Massachusetts
Déanta is an Irish traditional music band from Northern Ireland. The name of the band is the Irish word for done or made. The band was formed in the late 1980s in County Antrim and played until 1997, then regrouped in 2008. The band comprised members of the Irish traditional music scene in Ireland. They signed to Green Linnet and released three albums which blended traditional tunes and songs with arrangements sometimes veering towards a contemporary setting.
In 1990 and 1991 they were selected to represent Ireland at the Lorient Interceltic Festival, in Brittany, where they won the Trophée Loïc Raison for best band (1990).
In September 2007, the former members played at the 8th Gig 'n The Bann Festival. Their first performance after regrouping took place in October 2008 for BBC Two Northern Ireland's Blas Ceoil series.
Déanta's line-up included Mairead Walls who was later replaced by Mary Dillon (vocals, keyboard, guitar, harp), Paul Mullan (flute, whistles), siblings Eoghan (guitar, harp) and Kate O'Brien (fiddle, viola), and Clodagh Warnock (bouzouki, fiddle, bodhran, percussion). Mullan was later replaced by Deirdre Havlin and Rosie Mulholland (keyboard, fiddle) was added.
In 1995, Kate O'Brien married Paul McSherry of Tamalin. Mary Dillon, from Dungiven, is married to Paul McLaughlin of Óige.  They are the second eldest of six (five sisters and a brother), their youngest sister being Cara Dillon.
Discography
Déanta (1993)
Ready for the Storm (1994)
Whisper of a Secret (1997)
References
External links
Review in Irish Music Mag
Blas Ceoil Interview
Folk music groups from Northern Ireland
Celtic music groups
Green Linnet Records artists
Louise Whitman Farnam (1890–1949) was an American physician. They graduated from Vassar College in 1912 and earned a PhD in physiological chemistry from Yale University in 1916. That same year they were among the first 3 women admitted to the Yale School of Medicine. Based on alphabetical order, Farnam is considered the first woman to be admitted. They graduated in 1920 with honors, won the Campbell Gold Prize for the highest rank in examinations, and was selected as commencement speaker.
 They are best known for their work as a faculty member of the Hunan-Yale Hospital and the Hunan-Yale College of Medicine in Changsha from 1921–1933, during part of the Chinese Civil War.
Today, a Cluster at Yale Center for Research Computing is named for them
References
1890 births
1949 deaths
20th-century American physicians
Yale School of Medicine alumni
20th-century American women physicians
The 39th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 39th Iowa Infantry was organized at Des Moines and Davenport, Iowa and mustered in for three years of Federal service on November 24, 1862.
Attached to 3rd Brigade, District of Corinth, 17th Army Corps, Dept. of Tennessee, to January, 1863. 3rd Brigade, District of Corinth, 16th Army Corps, to March, 1863. 3rd Brigade, 2nd Division, 16th Army Corps, to September, 1864. 3rd Brigade, 4th Division, 15th Army Corps, to August, 1865.
Moved to Cairo, Ill., December 12–14, 1862; thence to Columbus, Ky., December 16. Defense of Jackson, Tenn., and pursuit of Forrest December 18, 1862, to January 3, 1863. Parker's Cross Roads December 30–31, 1862.
Moved to Corinth, Miss., January 6, 1863, and duty there until November, 1863. Dodge's Expedition into Northern Alabama April 15-May 8. Great Bear Creek and Cherokee Station April 17. Tuscumbia April 22–23. Town Creek April 28.
March to Pulaski, Tenn., November 2–12, 1963. Guard duty at Reynolds Station and along railroad until January 21, 1864, and at Pulaski until March 12.
Moved to Athens, Ala., March 12, and to Chattanooga, Tenn., April 30, 1864.
Atlanta (Ga.) Campaign May 1 to September 8, 1864. Demonstration on Resaca May 8–13. Snake Creek Gap and Sugar Valley May 9–10. Battle of Resaca May 13–14. Ley's Ferry, Oostenaula River, May 14–15. Rome Cross Roads May 16. Kingston May 19. Moved to Rome May 22 and duty there until August 15. Expeditions after Wheeler August 15-September 16. Moved to Allatoona October 4. Battle of Allatoona October 5.
Moved to Rome October 9, 1864. Reconnaissance and skirmishes on Gave Springs Road October 12–13. Etowah River October 13.
March to the Sea November 15-December 10, 1864. Ogeechee Canal December 9. Siege of Savannah December 10–21.
Campaign of the Carolinas January to April, 1865. Salkehatchie Swamps, S.C. February 3–5. South Edisto River February 9. North Edisto River February 12–13. Columbia February 15–17. Lynch's Creek February 25–26. Battle of Bentonville N. C., March 20–21. Occupation of Goldsboro March 24 Advance on Raleigh April 9–13. Occupation of Raleigh April 14. Bennett's House April 26. Surrender of Johnston and their army.
March to Washington, D.C. via Richmond, Va., April 29-May 30, 1865. Grand Review May 24. Moved to Louisville, Ky., June.
The regiment was mustered out on August 2, 1865.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 1064 men served in the 39th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
It suffered 6 officers and 58 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds and 2 officers and 134 enlisted men who died of disease, for a total of 200 fatalities.
Commanders
Colonel Henry J. B. Cummings
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
The Civil War Archive Union Regimental Histories
History of Iowa Regiments
Civil War Notebook (Blog)
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1862
1862 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
History, Mystery & Prophesy is a studio album by Jamaican record producer and singer Lee "Scratch" Perry, released on April 21, 1984 by Island Records. The album was recorded at a time when Perry had had a long-standing grudge with Island Records, and features their trademark dub reggae sound mixed with synth-pop.
Critical reception
In a retrospective review for AllMusic, critic John Dougan wrote of the album, "Perry's weakest Island/Mango release. All the rough edges are gone, and Perry's berserk charm is in short supply." Adding that "Still, because it's Perry, there are tracks to recommend ("Heads of Government" being the most notable), but there are plenty better Perry records to be had."
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the History, Mystery & Prophesy liner notes.
Musicians
Lee "Scratch" Perry – lead vocals
Harold Barney – backing vocals
Pat Carey – backing vocals
Abigail Charlon – backing vocals
Technical
Lee "Scratch" Perry – producer; engineer
Errol Thompson – engineer; mixing
The Upsetters – engineer
Andy Lyden – engineer
Steven Stanley – engineer
Kendal Stubbs – engineer
Sean Burrows – assistant engineer
Frank Gibson – assistant engineer
References
External links
1984 albums
Lee "Scratch" Perry albums
Albums produced by Lee "Scratch" Perry
Dub albums
Island Records albums
Kendall Isaiah McIntosh (born January 24, 1994) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Major League Soccer club Sporting Kansas City.
Career
Youth, College and Amateur
McIntosh was a member of the San Jose Earthquakes Academy before spending their entire college career at Santa Clara University. They made a total 53 appearances for the Broncos between 2012 and 2015.
They also played in the Premier Development League for FC Tucson and Burlingame Dragons.
Portland Timbers
On March 18, 2016, McIntosh signed a professional contract with USL club Portland Timbers 2. They made their league debut for the reserve side on 23 April 2016 in a 2-0 away victory against Tulsa Roughnecks FC. They picked up a yellow card in the 19th minute.
New York Red Bulls
On 26 November 2019, McIntosh was selected by New York Red Bulls in Stage 1 of the 2019 MLS Re-Entry Draft. On December 21, 2021, McIntosh was named New York Red Bulls Humanitarian of the Year for their work responding to issues of racism and social injustice as well as their fundraising for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, the National Black Child Developmental Institute and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. McIntosh was released by New York following the 2020 season.
Sporting Kansas City
On 17 December 2020, McIntosh was selected by Sporting Kansas City in Stage 1 of the 2020 MLS Re-Entry Draft, officially signing with the club on January 5, 2021. After featuring prominently for Sporting Kansas City II throughout the 2021 season, McIntosh signed a new contract for the 2022 Major League Soccer season with an option for 2023.
International
McIntosh has represented the United States in the U17 and U20 level.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Santa Clara Broncos men's soccer players
FC Tucson players
Burlingame Dragons FC players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Portland Timbers players
New York Red Bulls players
Soccer players from California
Sporting Kansas City players
Sporting Kansas City II players
Sportspeople from Santa Rosa, California
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
United States men's youth international soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
MLS Next Pro players
In the women's 2018–19 Biathlon World Cup total score, for each participating athlete the points earned in all Individual, Sprint, Pursuit and Mass start competitions held during the season are added up with the two lowest scores subtracted at the end of the season to give that athlete's final score. This includes the results from the Biathlon World Championships 2019 (held between the World Cup stages in Salt Lake City and Oslo).
2017–18 Top 3 standings
Events summary
Standings
In each event places 1 to 40 (1 to 30 in a Mass start) are awarded points, a victory being worth 60 points. The full point system is shown in the table on the right. In a Mass start event only 30 athletes are allowed to participate and the points awarded for ranks 22 to 30 differ from the system used in other events. Equal placings (ties) give an equal number of points. An athlete's total World Cup Score is the sum of all World Cup points earned in the season, minus the points from 2 events in which the athlete got their worst scores. Ties in this score are broken by comparing the tied athletes' number of victories. If this number is the same for the athletes in question, the number of second places is compared, and so on. If a tie cannot be broken by this procedure, it remains a tie.
References
Overall Women
Halaçlar is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 77 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Steyn Humphries is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category F55 throws events.
Steyn competed in all three throws at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta winning gold in the F55 Discus, silver in the F56 shot putt and bronze in the F56 javelin.
References
Paralympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for South Africa
Paralympic silver medalists for South Africa
Paralympic bronze medalists for South Africa
Living people
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
South African male discus throwers
South African male javelin throwers
South African male shot putters
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
Wheelchair discus throwers
Wheelchair javelin throwers
Wheelchair shot putters
Paralympic discus throwers
Paralympic javelin throwers
Paralympic shot putters
Major General, Friherre Axel Oscar Rappe (22 June 1884 – 31 October 1945) was a Swedish Army officer. Rappe's senior commands include commanding officer of the Göta Artillery Regiment and Svea Artillery Regiment, Inspector of the Artillery and military commander of the V Military District. They also served in Finland during the Finnish Civil War where attained the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Career
Military career
Rappe was born on 22 June 1884 in Stockholm, Sweden, the son of general, friherre Axel Rappe and their wife Anna (née Sandahl). They were brother of hovsångerska Signe Rappe-Welden. They became an officer in 1904 and was commissioned as a underlöjtnant in the Svea Artillery Regiment. Rappe attended the Artillery and Engineering College from 1906 to 1907 when they were promoted to lieutenant. They then attended the Royal Swedish Army Staff College from 1908 to 1910 and served as an officer candidate in the General Staff from 1911 to 1913. Rappe served as a teacher at the Artillery and Engineering College from 1914 to 1918 and they were promoted to captain in 1917.
They left the Swedish Army in 1918 to participate in the Finnish Civil War. In Finland, Rappe served in the General Staff of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim and was promoted to lieutenant colonel. They also served as chief of staff of the Eastern Army. Back in Sweden, they were appointed captain in the Svea Artillery Regiment in 1918. They then served as a teacher at the Artillery and Engineering College from 1922 to 1928. In 1927, they served as captain in the General Staff and in 1928 they were promoted to major and was appointed chief of staff of the military command of Upper Norrland. Two years later Rappe was appointed chief of staff of the Eastern Army Division (Östra arméfördelningen) from 1930 to 1931 and from 1931 to 1935 they served as head of the Central Department of the General Staff.
Rappe was appointed lieutenant colonel in the General Staff in 1931 and colonel in the General Staff in 1935. They then served as regimental commander of the Göta Artillery Regiment (A 2) from 1936 to 1938 when they were promoted to major general, and then they served as regimental commander of the Svea Artillery Regiment (A 1) from 1938 to 1940. Rappe served as Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff from 1939 to 1941 and Inspector of the Artillery as well as commanding officer of the Artillery Staff Corps (Artilleristabskåren) from 1941 to 1942. In 1942, they were appointed military commander of the V Military District and in 1944 Rappe was appointed military commander of the IV Military District and Commandant General in Stockholm. However, the nomination was recalled, most likely to keep Rappe on the post as commanding officer of the Army Corps (Första armékåren).
Other work
Rappe was a member of the Field Service Regulations Committee 1927 (Fälttjänstreglementskommittén) in 1927 and was its chairperson from 1935 to 1937. They served as military expert in the 1930 Defense Commission. Rappe was also a member of the Committee for the Reorganization of the Central Military Administration (Kommittén för omorganisationen av den centrala militärförvaltningen) from 1940 to 1941.
Personal life
On 22 June 1923 in Strängnäs, Rappe married Gurli Matilda Johansson (12 February 1888 in Stockholm – 21 February 1966 in Sköldinge), the daughter of the carpenter Claes August Johansson and their wife Edla Matilda Gustafsson (previously Thulin).
Rappe died suddenly only 61 years old on 31 October 1945 in Karlstad.
Dates of rank
Rappe's dates of rank:
Sweden
8 December 1904 – Underlöjtnant
31 August 1907 – Lieutenant 2nd Class
9 June 1911 – Lieutenant 1st Class
30 December 1916 – Captain 2nd Class
11 April 1919 – Captain 1st Class
1 January 1928 – Major
18 December 1931 – Lieutenant Colonel
23 June 1935 – Colonel
3 November 1938 – Major General
Finland
22 February 1918 – Major
12 April 1918 – Lieutenant Colonel
Awards and decorations
Commander First Class of the Order of the Sword (6 June 1939)
Commander of the Order of Vasa (6 June 1944)
Knight of the Order of the Polar Star (1934)
First Class of the Order of the Cross of Liberty with star and sword
Grand Cross of the Order of the Lion of Finland
Commander First Class of the Order of the Lion of Finland
Order of the German Eagle
Fourth Class of the Order of the Medjidie
Honours
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences (1932)
Bibliography
References
External links
Entry at Svenskt biografiskt lexikon
1884 births
1945 deaths
Swedish Army major generals
Military personnel from Stockholm
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
Commanders First Class of the Order of the Sword
Commanders of the Order of Vasa
Knights of the Order of the Polar Star
People of the Finnish Civil War (White side)
Swedish expatriates in Finland
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1987 season.
Overview
Taipower won the championship.
References
RSSSF
1983
1
Taipei
Taipei
The giant kingbird (Tyrannus cubensis) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Cuba, although there are historical records of it on other islands. The species is probably mostly closely related to the loggerhead kingbird, which also occurs in Cuba as well as several other nearby Caribbean islands.
While this species has been reported in the past to average only 23 cm (9 in) long, this may be excessively conservative with the overall length being . Although it is not the largest tyrant flycatcher, its body mass was reported is significantly higher than the next largest known kingbird, the thick-billed kingbird, with an average of , sometimes scaling up to , meaning it can be nearly as heavy as the largest tyrant flycatcher, the great shrike tyrant. The giant kingbird is found in tall lowland forest. In particular it favours pine forests and the wooded borders of waterways. It is also found in mixed pine barrens, open woodlands, swamps and savanna. It has also been seen in cloud forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
giant kingbird
Endemic birds of Cuba
giant kingbird
giant kingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Thomas Christian Römer (born 13 December 1955, in Mannheim) is a German-born Swiss biblical scholar, exegete, philologist, professor, and Reformed minister. After teaching at the University of Geneva, they became professor of the Old Testament at the University of Lausanne and, from 2007, has held the chair "Biblical environments" at the Collège de France, of which they became administrator in 2019.
Biography
Life
Thomas Römer, born 13 December 1955 in Mannheim (Germany) and raised in a practicing Protestant family of German descent, was very passionate about the Old Testament, intrigued in particular by its paradoxes. Without any particular vocation and like what was regularly practiced in Germany, they headed for Theology. From 1982 to 1984, They were trainee minister of the Reformed Church of France in Nancy.
Education
They studied Theology and Religious studies at the theological faculties of the University of Heidelberg and University of Tübingen from 1974 to 1980. They also studied Biblical Hebrew, Ugaritic, and other Semitic languages notably under the direction of Rolf Rendtorff, professor of Old Testament in Heidelberg, who encourages them to develop a thesis on the question of the Jewish Patriarchs in the Book of Deuteronomy and the Deuteronomist history.
From 1980 to 1982, Römer studied Religious studies at the École pratique des hautes études in Paris. During their preparation in Paris, where they arrived in 1980, they attended the École pratique des hautes études, the Catholic Institute of Paris, and the Protestant Faculty of Theology in Paris - where their teacher was the exegete Françoise Florentin-Smyth - and obtained their doctorate in 1988.
Doctoral thesis
Their doctoral thesis entitled Israels Väter combines structuralist and historico-critical approaches, and is part of the continuation of the work of John Van Seters. It postulates the controversial aim of the editors of Deuteronomy against certain Judean circles and that the Pentateuch is the result of an attempt to unify between two factions internal to post-Babylonian exile, split between the exiles returning from Babylon and the Jews who remained in the country and whose visions are expressed respectively through the tradition of the Jewish Patriarchs and that of the Exodus. This thesis innovates in particular by suggesting that the fathers mentioned in Deuteronomy are those of the Exodus and not the Patriarchs, that the Deuteronomist editor considers that the only and true Israel is in the Golah, that is to say the exiles Babylonians, and that the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob did not appear in Deuteronomy until the final writing and editing of the Pentateuch.
Academic work
University of Geneva
From 1984 to 1989, Römer was a research assistant of Albert de Pury in the Old Testament at the Faculty of Theology of the University of Geneva, and lecturer of Biblical Hebrew and Ugaritic. At the invitation of Albert de Pury, met in Paris, Thomas Römer joined the University of Geneva where they became senior lecturer at the Faculty of Theology from 1989 to 1991, before they became assistant professor teaching biblical philology and biblical exegesis from 1991 until 1993.
University of Lausanne
Since 1993, they were professor of Biblical Hebrew at the faculty of theology and science of religions in the University of Lausanne, as well as at the Institut romand des sciences bibliques (IRSB) 12 which was attached to him. In 2003, they were contacted by French authorities, when Jacques Chirac tried to clarify George W. Bush's allusions to the biblical prophecies on "Gog and Magog" a few weeks before the invasion of Iraq, to which they gave a biblical note on this apocalyptic prophecy.
Collège de France
In 2007, at the invitation of the assyriologist Jean-Marie Durand, Thomas Römer was appointed professor at the Collège de France where they held the chair "Milieux Bibliques": it was the first time that the term "Bible" appeared in a title of a research program of the College de France.
Since 2013, they have directed the UMR 7192 "Near East-Caucasus: languages, archeology, cultures". Became vice-president of the assembly of professors of the College de France in 2015, they were elected the following year a foreign associate of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, in the chair of the medievalist Peter Lewis.
Their work has contributed to deeply renewing the understanding of the formation and dating of the Pentateuch as well as of the constitution of Jewish traditions on Abraham and Moses in particular. Thus, their work The So-Called Deuteronomistic History, published in English in 2005 and translated into several languages, marks a milestone in the history of Deuteronomist research. In January 2019, they made the cover of the popular science journal for the general public Sciences et Avenir for their philological and archaeological work on the Ark of the Covenant and their participation in excavations at the archaeological site of Kiriath Yearim (near Abu Gosh in Israel).
From 2015 to 2019, Römer was Vice-President of the Assembly of Professors of the Collège de France. On 1 September 2019 they were appointed administrator of the Collège de France, succeeding Alain Prochiantz. Of German and Swiss nationality, they became the first foreigner to head the Collège de France.
Historical-critical approach
Thomas Römer adopts an academic approach which combines historical criticism, literary and philological analysis of Old Testament texts, sometimes supported by archeology, seeking to detect the social, political or cultural circumstances which are the framework of the religious thought they generate, regardless of impact or contemporary theological readings. They note that the writing of biblical texts constitutes a form of synthesis between identity conceptions and quite different theological conceptions and believes that this approach, which sometimes clashes with traditional representations, can serve both atheists and believers in their reflections on current issues.
Editorial work
The Society of Biblical Literature Press, Ancient Israel and Its Literature (AIL) editorial board is led by series editor Thomas C. Römer.
Honors
Knight of the Legion of Honour (2019)
Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres (2022)
Prize for the history of religions of the Foundation "Les amis de Pierre-Antoine Bernheim" (2014) for the book L'Invention de Dieu
Doctor honoris causa of the Tel Aviv University (2015) of which they have been Sackler Scholar since 2012
Leenaards Foundation Cultural Prize (2015)
Publications
Bibliography (1984-2016): IRSB Publications.
Thomas Römer et Jean-Daniel Macchi, Guide de la Bible hébraïque: La critique textuelle dans la Biblia Hebraica Stuttgartensia (BHS), Genève, Labor et Fides, 1994
Thomas Römer, Dieu obscur: Le sexe, la cruauté et la violence dans l'Ancien Testament, Genève, Labor et Fides, coll. « Essais Bibliques » (no 27), 1998 (1re éd. 1996)
Thomas Römer, Le peuple élu et les autres: L'Ancien Testament entre exclusion et ouverture, Poliez-le-Grand, Éditions du Moulin, 1997
Thomas Römer, Les chemins de la sagesse: Proverbes, Job, Qohéleth, Poliez-le-Grand, Éditions du Moulin, 1999
Thomas Römer, Moïse « lui que Yahvé a connu face à face », Paris, Gallimard, coll. « Découvertes Gallimard / Religions » (no 424), 2002
Thomas Römer, Jérémie: Du prophète au livre, Poliez-le-Grand, Éditions du Moulin, 2003
Thomas Römer et Loyse Bonjour, L'homosexualité dans le Proche-Orient ancien et la Bible, Genève, Labor et Fides, coll. « Essais bibliques » (no 37), 2005
Thomas Römer (trans. F. Smyth), La première histoire d'Israël: L'École deutéronomiste à l'œuvre, Genève, Labor et Fides, coll. « Le Monde de la Bible » (no 56), 2007
Thomas Römer, Psaumes interdits, Aubonne, Éditions du Moulin, 2007
Thomas Römer, Jean-Marie Durand et Jean-Pierre Mahé, La faute et sa punition dans les sociétés orientales, Leuven, Peeters, 2013
Thomas Römer, L'Invention de Dieu, Paris, Seuil, coll. « Les Livres du nouveau monde », 2014
Thomas Römer, La Bible, quelles histoires!: Les dernières découvertes, les dernières hypothèses, Genève, Labor et Fides, 2014 ()
Thomas Römer, Moïse en version originale: Enquête sur le récit de la sortie d'Égypte, Bayard/Labor et Fides, 2015 ()
Thomas Römer et Léonie Bischoff, Naissance de la Bible: comment elle a été écrite, Bruxelles, Le Lombard, coll. « La Petite Bédéthèque des savoirs » (no 23), 2018 ()
Thomas Römer et Israël Finkelstein, Aux origines de la Torah: Nouvelles rencontres, nouvelles perspectives, Bayard, 2019 ()
References
Bibliography
1955 births
20th-century Calvinist and Reformed ministers
20th-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
20th-century Christian biblical scholars
20th-century Swiss educators
20th-century Swiss non-fiction writers
21st-century Calvinist and Reformed ministers
21st-century Calvinist and Reformed theologians
21st-century Christian biblical scholars
21st-century Swiss educators
21st-century Swiss non-fiction writers
Calvinist and Reformed biblical scholars
Clergy from Mannheim
Collège de France faculty
German emigrants to Switzerland
Heidelberg University alumni
Living people
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
Old Testament scholars
Swiss biblical scholars
Swiss Calvinist and Reformed ministers
Swiss Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Swiss religion academics
University of Geneva faculty
University of Lausanne faculty
University of Paris alumni
Writers from Mannheim
Events from the year 2005 in Russia.
Incumbents
President: Vladimir Putin
Prime Minister: Mikhail Fradkov
Events
January 1: Monetization of in-kind benefits
January 15: 2005 Dagestan Raids
March 17: Assassination attempt of Anatoly Chubais. Vladimir Kvachkov was charged for the crime, but was acquitted by a jury.
May 25: 2005 Moscow power blackouts
June 4: Borozdinovskaya operation
July 1: Makhachkala Rus bombing
July 1: King's Gate in Kaliningrad reopens after renovation, marking city's 750th anniversary.
August 24–30: 1000th Anniversary of Kazan celebrations.
August 27: Kazan Metro opens
August 29: TatNeft Arena opens
September 27: Chief Rabbi of Moscow Pinchas Goldschmidt expelled from Russia during passport control at Domodedovo airport. The incident is related to the conflict between the Jewish community of Moscow and the Russian Jewish Congress.
October 1: the first meeting of the Civic Chamber of Russia
October 3: White Army general Anton Denikin and philosopher Ivan Ilyin reburied in the Donskoy Monastery necropolis
October 13–14: 2005 Nalchik raid
November 4: the first National Unity Day celebration in Russia. Also, the first Russian March took place on 4 November 2005 and was the first legal far-right mass meeting in modern Russian history.
November 17: launch of Blue Stream gas pipeline
December 1: Komi-Permyak Autonomous Okrug merged with Perm Oblast to form Perm Krai.
December 4: 2005 Moscow City Duma election
December 10: Russia Today begin its broadcast
Births
Notable deaths
January
January 1 – Dmitry Nelyubin, 33, Russian cyclist, murdered.
January 15 – Leonid Brekhovskikh, 87, Russian scientist.
February
February 2 – Magomed Omarov, Russian politician, deputy Interior Minister of Dagestan.
February 6 – Lazar Berman, 74, Russian classical pianist.
February 9 – Sergei Hackel, 83, British Russian Orthodox priest, theologian and broadcaster.
February 11 – Vladimir Kotelnikov, electrical engineer
March
March 8 – Aslan Maskhadov, president of the breakaway Chechen Republic of Ichkeria
May
May 15 – Natalya Gundareva, 56, Russian actor, stroke.
July
July 20 – Nikolay Aksyonenko, 56, former chief of the Russian Railways
August
August 6 – Valentin Nikulin, 73, actor
August 7 – Mikhail Yevdokimov, 47, Russian comedian and politician, car accident.
August 29 – Nikolai Bakhvalov, mathematician
September
September 20 – Yuri Aizenshpis, music manager and producer
September 21 – Mustai Karim, Bashkir poet
September 30 – Sergei Starostin, historical linguist
October
October 13 – Ilyas Gorchkhanov, North Caucasus warlord
October 14 – Oleg Lundstrem, composer and conductor
October 18 – Alexander Yakovlev, Soviet politician
October 26 – Margarita Nazarova, circus performer and actor
November
November 19 – Karen Ter-Martirosian, theoretical physicist
November 25 – Polina Gelman, WWII flight navigator
December
December 5 – Vladimir Toporov, philologist
December 26 – Viktor Stepanov, actor
See also
List of Russian films of 2005
References
External links
Years of the 21st century in Russia
2000s in Russia
Russell East Glacier () is a glacier, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long and 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, which lies at the north end of Detroit Plateau and flows from Mount Canicula and Verdikal Gap along the south slopes of Erul Heights eastward into Smokinya Cove in Prince Gustav Channel on the south side of Trinity Peninsula. This glacier together with Russell West Glacier, which flows westward into Bone Bay on the north side of Trinity Peninsula, form a through glacier across the north part of Antarctic Peninsula. It was first surveyed in 1946 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS). Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for V.I. Russell, surveyor and leader of the FIDS base at Hope Bay in 1946.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Map
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
References
External links
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Glaciers of Trinity Peninsula
Agaricus angusticystidiatus is a species of fungus in the family Agaricaceae. It has a diameter of 40–80 mm and is found in Southeast Asia.
References
angusticystidiatus
Fungi described in 2018
Fungi of Asia
Chakan (Pronunciation: [t͡saːkəɳ]) is a census town in India, in Pune district of the Indian state of Maharashtra. While agriculture remains an important factor, the town's industrial development is quickly urbanizing the area.
History
Chakan has a long history. The fort at Chakan played an important role in the history of the Bahmani sultanate (1347-1527), later of its successor states, the Deccan sultanates. In 1595 or 1599, Maloji Bhosle, the grandfather of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, was given the title of "Raja" by Bahadur Nizam Shah II, the ruler of the Ahmednagar Sultanate.On the recommendation of Nizam's Vazir, Malik Ambar, Maloji was granted the jagir (fiefdom) of Pune and Supe parganas, along with the control over Shivneri and Chakan forts. Later the fort was captured by the Adilshahi but young Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj took control of the fort in 1647, and named it Sangramdurg. In 1660,the fort was the site of an epic 54 days of stiff resistance by the Maratha general Firangoji Narsala against Mughal general Shaista Khan. The fort withstood heavy Mughal attacks until the Mughals breached the walls using high explosives. The attack on the fort was repulsed by the Maratha forces but short on supplies, Firangoji counterattacked and cut their way deep into the Mughal encampment where they were finally subdued and captured.
Geography
Chakan is about from the centre of Pune, on NH 50 between Pune and Nashik cities. It is also on the roads that connect the Mumbai-Pune Highway to the Pune-Nashik Highway, and to the Pune-Ahmednagar-Aurangabad Highway. It is about from Mumbai, from Ahmednagar and from Nashik.
Economy
Historically, Chakan has been a wholesale agricultural produce trading hub. Its agricultural market was a major onion trading center. Chakan is now home to a Special Economic Zone (SEZ) promoted by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). Its well known the top "automobile and manufacturing hub of India". It has since evolved into a major automobile hub. It hosts automobile production plants for the Mercedes-Benz,Volkswagen Group, Daimler-Benz, Mahindra & Mahindra, Jaguar Land Rover and Bajaj Auto, General Electric, Hyundai. Over 750 large and small industries, including a number of automobile component manufacturers, are based in the area.
Shiroli Chandus village, located 6 km north of Chakan, had been identified as the probable site for the proposed Pune International Airport, but due to the protests by the villagers & uneven topography, the site has been shifted to Purandar.
Administration
Chakan Municipal Council manages the city since 2015, established by Government of Maharashtra.
Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority is the Planning and Development Authority for the Chakan Municipal Council.
Demographics
India census, Chakan town had a population of 41,634. Males constituted 54% of the population and females 46%, due to higher migrant workers in the neighboring industries. Chakan had an average literacy rate of 72%, higher than the national average of 59.5%; with male literacy of 78% and female literacy of 65%. 15% of the population was under 6 years of age. Since then the town has seen multi-fold growth due to a number of new automobile industries that have been established in the area.
Some of the popular residential areas in Chakan include Talegaon Chowk, Main Road, Bramhin Lane, Bhujbal lane, Deshmukh Lane, Mal Ali, Bazar Peth, Nanekarwadi, Medankarwadi, KadachiWadi, Shri Ram Nagar, Vishal Park, Varale, and Market Yard.
Transport
Chakan is located 30 km from Pune City on the National Highway 50, between Pune and Nashik. Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation runs frequent and extensive bus services that connect to various parts of Maharashtra state. PMPML buses connect Chakan to Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. PMPML Bus No. 357, Pune Station to Rajgurunagar, Bus No. 120, Pune MaNaPa to Chakan-Mahalunge run through Chakan connecting important areas of surrounding areas to Pune City. Highways connecting to Pune have heavy traffic due to extensive industrial growth in the area.
Chakan is also on the proposed Pune Junction - Nashik Road railway line. The nearest airport is the current Pune International Airport.
Phase III of the Pune Metro will connect Chakan to Moshi, which hosts an International Convention and Exhibition centre.
Tourism
Chakan boasts the Sangram Durga or Bhueekot Killa, which was once the domain of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. The fort is built on level ground and surrounded by the fortified walls and turrets. It differs from most Indian forts which were traditionally built on hilly, elevated land.
The Chakreshwar temple is another site of importance. Legend has it that it is the site where King Dasharatha was battling a Rakshasa (Demon King), when the wheel of their ratha (chariot) was stuck in mud near the pond of Chakreshwar. When their wife Kaikeyi helped get the wheel unstuck, Dasharatha granted their three wishes, which eventually led to the exile of Rama and the subsequent events of the epic Ramayana.
In May, Chakan celebrates a major festival called Khandobacha Urus (Yatra)
See also
Make in Maharashtra
Moshi
References
Cities and towns in Pune district
Neighbourhoods in Pune
Gabriel Fernando Roth (born 5 May 1979 in Venado Tuerto, Santa Fe) is an Argentine footballer playing for Rangers.
External links
Argentine Primera statistics
Apertura 2007 Statistics at Terra.com.ar
Statistics at BDFA
1979 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy footballers
San Martín de San Juan footballers
Independiente Rivadavia footballers
Talleres de Córdoba footballers
Córdoba CF players
Rangers de Talca footballers
Club Atlético Patronato footballers
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Primera B de Chile players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Argentine people of German descent
People from General López Department
Sportspeople from Santa Fe Province
Elizabeth Jones may refer to:
Elizabeth Jones
Elizabeth Jones (engraver) (born 1935), Chief Engraver of the United States Mint
Elizabeth Jones (silversmith), English silversmith
Elizabeth Jones, convicted in the Cleft chin murder case
Elizabeth Ames Jones (born 1956), one of the three elected members of the Texas Railroad Commission
A. Elizabeth Jones (born 1948), U.S. Ambassador to Kazakhstan
Elizabeth Jones (Mormonism)
Elizabeth Bolden (1890–2006), née Jones
Elizabeth Orton Jones (1910–2005), American illustrator
Elizabeth W. Jones (1939–2008), American geneticist
Elizabeth Jones (tennis) (born 1964), British tennis player
Liz Jones
Liz Jones (born 1958), English journalist and writer
Liz Jones (theatre director) (born 1946), Australian theatre director
Bessie Jones
Bessie Jones (American singer) (1902–1984), American singer
Bessie Jones (Welsh singer) (1887–1974), Welsh singer
Betsy Jones
Betsy Jones-Moreland (1930–2006), American actor
The magpie shrike (Urolestes melanoleucus), also known as the African long-tailed shrike, is a species of bird in the family Laniidae. It is monotypic within the genus Urolestes. It is native to the grasslands of eastern and southeastern Africa, where its natural habitats are dry savannah, moist savannah, and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland. It has a very wide range and is common in places, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Distribution and habitat
The magpie shrike is found in Angola, Botswana, Eswatini, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. It inhabits open savannah with scattered acacia trees, close-grazed turf and bare ground, in parts of southern and central Africa where precipitation mainly occurs between November and April. Arid areas are avoided but semi-arid areas may be favoured. It also occurs in woodland, particularly riparian areas, and in the Kruger National Park is found in river valleys with thorny mopane trees.
Ecology
The magpie shrike is a gregarious species and usually occurs in noisy groups of about a dozen birds occupying a home range of several tens of hectares. It may associate with other birds such as the white-headed buffalo weaver (Dinemellia dinemelli). The birds nest cooperatively during the rainy season, and their breeding territory is about three hectares and defended from other groups. Displays in the breeding season include bowing, tail flicking, wing raising and whistling. The female sometimes calls from the nest and the male brings them food. The two birds may also perform duets.
This bird perches in an elevated position scanning the ground below for possible prey. Most prey is caught on the ground, but flying insects are sometimes caught in mid air. The diet consists of arthropods, insects, lizards, small mammals and fruit.
References
External links
Photos - Tanzanian Birds & Butterflies
Species text - The Atlas of Southern African Birds
magpie shrike
Birds of Southern Africa
magpie shrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 1974–75 Lebanese Premier League season was the 28th season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Nejmeh were the defending champions. They won their second consecutive Lebanese Premier League title, and second overall, scoring 42 goals in 22 games.
Teams
Stadiums and locations
League table
Season statistics
Top goalscorers
References
Lebanese Premier League seasons
Lebanon
1
"Hier kommt Alex" (Here comes Alex) is a song by German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It is the first single and the first track from the album Ein kleines bisschen Horrorschau. The song in concept introduces Alex, who is the central character on the concept album, a reference to Alex DeLarge, from the book A Clockwork Orange.
"Hier kommt Alex" is structurally and musically similar to the last track from the album, "Bye, Bye Alex".
Music video
The video was directed by Walter Knofel.
Inclusions in video games
The song appears as a bonus track in the game Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock. It is also available as downloadable content for Guitar Hero World Tour.
It is included in the European release of the game Rock Band, and as a downloadable track on the American version. Due to licensing issues, the song was taken down from DLC services in 2013. The song was available for re-download in Rock Band 4 for those who purchased it prior to this date.
Cover versions
The song has been covered by many artists, among them Samsas Traum on Endstation.Eden, Gatos Sucios on Punto limite, Thomas Baldischwyler for the compilation Pudel Produkte 8, Sonnenbrandt, Scala & Kolacny Brothers on the album Grenzenlos. British punk band UK Subs covered it in English as "Here Comes Alex". In 2020, German medieval rock band Feuerschwanz covered the song with a medieval composition.
According to an interview, Die Ärzte had spontaneously played the song on a benefit concert to attract more crowd, because people were leaving after a bad band.
Track listing
"Hier kommt Alex" (Meurer/Frege) – 3:53
"Achterbahn" (Roller coaster) (Rohde/Frege) − 3:35
"Zum Chef (Später Dank)" (To the boss (Later gratitude)) (von Holst/Frege) – 2:10
"Jo singt (Das Wort zum Sonntag)" (Jo singt (The word to Sunday)) (von Holst/Frege) – 0:46
"Liebeslied" (Love song) (Breitkopf/Frege) – 3:50
Charts
The Return of Alex
There's also an English version of the song, titled "The Return of Alex". This was released as a promo single for UK from the all-English album Love, Peace & Money.
Music video
The video was directed by René Eller and shows the band performing in a black-and-white TV-set.
Track listing
"The Return of Alex" (Meurer/Frege, Dangerfield) − 4:29
"So Long - Good Bye" − 3:13 (English version of "Schönen Gruß, auf Wiederseh'n")
"I Fought the Law" (Sonny Curtis) − 2:35 (The Crickets cover)
In popular culture
Professional darts player Dave Chisnall uses this version for their walk on in PDC European Tour Events.
2005 unplugged version
"Hier kommt Alex" was also released as a single from the 2005 unplugged album Nur zu Besuch: Unplugged im Wiener Burgtheater. The song is introduced with the first bars of the second movement of Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Music video
The video contains live footage.
Track listing
"Hier kommt Alex" (Meurer/Frege) − 4:08
"Was zählt" (What counts) (Breitkopf, von Holst/Frege) − 4:04
"You'll Never Walk Alone" (Rodgers/Hammerstein) − 2:45
Charts
References
Songs about fictional male characters
1988 singles
2005 singles
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
Music based on novels
1988 songs
Mount Keinath () is a mountain, high, rising at the east side of the terminus of Boomerang Glacier in the Deep Freeze Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1955–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Gerald E. Keinath, a biolab administrator at McMurdo Station in the 1965–66 season.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
The following article is a summary of the 2018–19 football season in France, which was the 85th season of competitive football in the country and runs from July 2018 to June 2019.
National teams
France national football team
Friendly matches
UEFA Nations League A
Group 1
UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying
Group H
France women's national football team
Friendly matches
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup
Group A
Knockout stage
League tables
Ligue 1
Ligue 2
Championnat National
Championnat National 2
Cup competitions
2018–19 Coupe de France
Final
2018–19 Coupe de la Ligue
Final
2018 Trophée des Champions
UEFA competitions
UEFA Champions League
Group stage
Group A
Group C
Group F
Round of 16
|}
UEFA Europa League
Qualifying phase and play-off round
Second qualifying round
|}
Third qualifying round
|}
Play-off round
|}
Group stage
Group C
Group H
Group K
Knockout phase
Round of 32
|}
Round of 16
|}
UEFA Youth League
UEFA Champions League Path
Group A
Group C
Group F
Domestic Champions Path
First round
|}
Second round
|}
Play-offs
|}
Knockout phase
Round of 16
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
UEFA Women's Champions League
Knockout phase
Round of 32
|}
Round of 16
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Final
The final was played on 18 May 2019 at the Groupama Arena in Budapest. The "home" team for the final (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the quarter-final and semi-final draws.
References
Seasons in French football
France
France
Clonrush or Clonmulsk () is a civil parish in the barony of Leitrim, now in County Clare, Ireland. The largest settlement in the parish is Whitegate. In the Catholic Church, the parish is joined with Mountshannon.
Location
Clonrush is to the southwest of Portumna.
It is and covers of which are in Lough Derg.
The parish includes a belt of low-lying land along the lakeside, rising into mountainous country.
The road from Woodford to Scarriff crosses the parish.
History
The Clonrush graveyard was established around the 12th century in an early Christian settlement on a ridge beside Church Bay in Lough Derg.
The parish church gave its name to the bay. A portion of the building remains, including a 12th-century window in the east gable, restored in the 16th century with cut limestone.
In the early 1800s the church was used as a school, and was modified to accommodate a thatched roof. It is now ruined.
There are records of a castle on the shoreline near the graveyard and a monument higher up, overlooking it.
The graveyard contains a small vaulted house called St. Colman's Oratory, with a Gothic doorway from the 16th century.
The parish in 1837 was in the Catholic union of Clonrush and Inishcaltra, each of which held a chapel.
In 1841 the population was 3,115 in 516 houses.
The parish in 1848 contained the hamlets of Whitegate, Furnace and Fogarty's.
At that time it was within County Galway.
In 1898 the parishes of Inishcaltra and Clonrush were transferred from County Galway to County Clare.
Today the civil parish is part of the Catholic parish of Mountshannon (Clonrush) in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe.
The church of St Flannan is in Whitegate.
Townlands
The townlands are Ballinrooaun, Ballyglass, Ballyhinch, Ballynakillew, Ballynamona, Bargarriff, Birchpark, Boleynagoagh North, Boleynagoagh South, Cappagha, Cappantruhaun, Cartron, Clonrush, Cloonmohaun, Cloonoolia North, Cloonoolia South, Cregg, Derrainy, Drummaanadeevan, Drummaan East, Drummaan South, Drummaan West, Furnace, Garraun, Garryeighter, Gortnascreeny, Gweeneeny, Illaunmore, Kilcooney, Kilkittaun, Lakyle, Meelick, Rinskea, Tintrim and Whitegate.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
Fritz Schullerus (born 22 July 1866 in Făgăraș and died 22 December 1898 in Cincu) was a Transylvanian Saxon painter.
Life
Schullerus was raised in a vicarage. They were the son of the evangelic pastor Gustav Adolf Schullerus (1838–1900). Their younger brother was the pastor and linguist Adolf Schullerus (1864–1928). Their niece was the painter Trude Schullerus (1889–1981).
Schullerus attended the evangelic gymnasium in Sibiu until 1885, where they got their first painting lessons from Carl Dörschlag. Afterwards they started 1885 architecture studies at the College of Technologie in Vienna, but dropped out. Then they began their education at the painters school in Budapest with Bertalan Székely and as a private student of Gyula Benczúr .
Their paintings were inspired by the works of Arnold Böcklin and Franz von Lenbach.
Schullerus studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich from 21 October 1889. They studied with Gabriel von Hackl, Karl Moor, Ludwig von Löfftz and Otto Seitz. They worked as a freelance artist in addition to school.
They were from 1892 to 1894 a painting teacher in Bistrița. From 1895 they lived in Cincu in the former house of their parents. There they dedicated themselves to painting. They created portraits, paintings of charming landscapes and historical paintings from Transylvanian Saxon history. They died in 1898 at the age of 32 from tuberculosis.
Literature
V. Roth, Fritz Schullerus, Ein siebenbürgisch-sächsisches Künstlerleben, 1908 (mit Bild);
E. Antoni, in: Forschungen zur Volks- und Landeskunde. 23, 1980, Heft 2, S. 79ff. (mit Werksverzeichnis und weiterführender Literatur);
M. Tătaru, in: Revue roumaine d'histoire de l'art, Sér. Beaux-Arts 23, 1986, S. 67ff.;
W. Myss, Kunst in Siebenbürgen, 1991, s. Reg., bes. S. 275 (auch für Trude S.);
Die Siebenbürger Sachsen. Lex., hrsg. v. W. Myß, (1993) (mit Bild, auch für Trude S.);
K. Klein, in: Zeitschrift für Siebenbürger Landeskunde. 19 (90), 1996, S. 51ff.;
References
Matrikelbuch Akademie Munchen
1866 births
1898 deaths
Romanian painters
Transylvanian-Saxon people
Joel Matlin is a Canadian entrepreneur best known for being the President and founder of North American home alarm company AlarmForce, a home alarm company that Matlin led for 25 years.
History
Joel Matlin was born and raised in Montreal. They attended Concordia University studying business. They have returned to Concordia as a guest lecturer at the John Molson School of Business. Matlin has also appeared as a guest speaker at the Ted Rogers School of Management and Trent University.
In 1969 Matlin founded Frisco Bay Industries and was President until 1988. Frisco Bay was a leading supplier of integrated security systems and bank automation to major corporations including the Canadian Banks, Bell Canada, and the Canadian Mint and other prominent companies. During Matlin's leadership they co-founded a home alarm company, Alarmtron with two partners in 1979 until its sale in 1981. Matlin vowed that they would return to the home alarm market once the technology was perfected. In 1988 Matlin planned to re-enter the home alarm business under the Frisco Bay banner, which resulted in a dispute with their business partner. In November 1988 Matlin triggered the shot gun clause of their partnership agreement which resulted in Matlin selling their shares and exiting Frisco Bay Industries. Subsequent to Matlin's departure Frisco Bay was purchased by Stanley Black & Decker for $45m.
In 1988 after Matlin had sold their interest in Frisco Bay Industries they founded AlarmForce Industries. As President and CEO they guided AlarmForce for 25 years to becoming the 3rd largest home alarm company in Canada and one of the top 20 in the USA. Matlin was instrumental in bringing AlarmForce public, initially on the Canadian Dealer Network and then having it listed in 1997 on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Matlin directed the company from inception achieving a market cap of $135 million on their departure.
In July 2013 Matlin was fired by the AlarmForce board of directors. Matlin sued the company for $11.3 million, which was settled in February 2016.
Following Matlin's departure from AlarmForce after 25 years during their one-year non-compete, Matlin and their son Adam started Matlin Creative, a marketing and consultancy business.
In June 2015 Matlin co-founded Think Protection with their son Adam. Think Protection is a DIY mass-market home alarm company targeting consumers in both Canada and the US. Under the Matlins leadership, Think Protection successfully penetrated the DIY alarm market and established thousands of monitored accounts throughout Canada and the United States.
As of November 2019, Joel divested their investment in Think Protection and is no longer affiliated with the company.
On September 13 2020, Joel started hosting a national weekly radio show - "The Joel Matlin Entrepreneur Show" The show is broadcast on the Global/Corus radio network every Sunday at 5pm EST. In Toronto on AM640 and other local stations in Hamilton, London, Winnipeg, Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian chief executives
Chief executives in the manufacturing industry
In computing, Oracle Application Development Framework, usually called Oracle ADF, provides a Java framework for building enterprise applications. It provides visual and declarative approaches to Java EE development. It supports rapid application development based on ready-to-use design patterns, metadata-driven and visual tools.
Supported technologies
Based on the MVC architecture. Oracle ADF can support any combination of the following:
Model
Web Services - both SOAP and REST
TopLink - and EclipseLink
JavaBeans
POJO - simple Java classes (Plain Old Java Objects)
ADF Business components(entity object, view object)
Portlets
CSV and XML files
SQL Queries
Controller
JavaServer Faces (JSF)
ADF Task Flows - extension of the JSF controller layer that adds complete process flow and reusability aspects.
Struts
Jspx (JavaServer Pages, XML compliant variation of the JSP standard)
View
Swing
JavaServer Pages (JSP)
JavaServer Faces (JSF)
ADF Faces - an Oracle implementation of JavaServer Faces
Facelets
ADF Mobile browser - based on Apache Trinidad
Excel through ADF desktop integration
The Oracle JDeveloper free Integrated Development Environment provides a graphical interface for creating data-management applications using ADF.
Oracle also offers Eclipse based tooling for ADF in Oracle Enterprise Pack For Eclipse.
Implementers can deploy Oracle ADF applications on Java EE-compliant containers. Oracle WebLogic and IBM WebSphere are officially supported. Users of the free ADF Essentials edition can buy support for these applications on GlassFish.
History
Oracle Corporation has marketed parts of Oracle ADF since 1999 — specifically ADF Business Components — then known as "JBO" and later than "BC4J" ("Business Components for Java").
The ADF architecture with the generic model/binding layer was introduced with JDeveloper 9.0.5.
In June 2006 Oracle Corporation donated the ADF Faces component library to Apache Trinidad. (ADF Faces, Oracle's JSF implementation, includes over 100 components.)
In September 2012 Oracle introduced a free version of the core Oracle ADF technologies under the name "Oracle ADF Essentials". For more information, see
http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/developer-tools/adf/overview/components-1844931.html.
Licensing
Oracle ADF Essentials is a free to develop and deploy packaging of the key core technologies of Oracle ADF.
See the license terms for Oracle ADF Essentials: http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/licenses/adf-essentials-license-1837221.html
For the "full" Oracle ADF:
The Oracle Application Server licence includes a component for a license fee for Oracle ADF. This means that all users who have purchased an Oracle Application Server licence may use Oracle ADF for free. Users who want to deploy ADF to a third-party application-server can purchase an ADF runtime license at their local Oracle sales office. Users can develop and test Oracle ADF applications free of charge exclusively within Oracle JDeveloper.
Oracle Corporation purchased WebLogic in June 2008, and thus no longer regards it as a third-party application-server, so ADF is included in every WebLogic license.
Supported customers can get access to the source code for Oracle ADF through a request to Oracle Support.
See also
JDeveloper
Eclipse
Oracle Enterprise Pack for Eclipse
Oracle WebLogic Server
Oracle Fusion
JSF
JBoss Seam
Spring framework
Struts
Vaadin
References
External links
Oracle ADF Essentials
Oracle JDeveloper site
Basic Demo
Tutorial
JSR-227 (withdrawn)
JDeveloper 10.1.3 Tag Library Information
Oracle software
Java development tools
Software frameworks
The 2008 French Open boys' singles tournament was an event during the 2008 French Open tennis tournament. Vladimir Ignatic was the defending champion, but did not compete in the Juniors in this year.
Tsung-hua Yang won in the final 6–3, 7–6(5), against Jerzy Janowicz.
Seeds
Draw
Final eight
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
Draw
Qualifying Draw
Boys' Singles
2008
The year 2011 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.
Events
February 6 – Cambodian officials claim that "a wing" of the Preah Vihear Temple (11th century) has collapsed due to an alleged Thai bombardment in the Cambodian–Thai border dispute.
May – Broadcaster BBC North begins its move into Bridge House, Dock House and Quay House, designed by Wilkinson Eyre, at MediaCityUK, Salford Quays, England.
June 15 – St Paul's Cathedral in London completes its 15-year £40 million restoration project of cleaning and repair, among the largest such projects ever undertaken in the United Kingdom.
November – The fourth World Architecture Festival is held in Barcelona.
November 3–11 – Typhoon Haiyan causes widespread destruction in Southeast Asia. Among buildings seriously damaged is Guiuan Church in the Philippines.
Buildings and structures
Buildings opened
January 11 – Salvador Dalí Museum, St. Petersburg, Florida, United States, designed by HOK.
January 21 – Museum of Old and New Art, on the Berriedale peninsula in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia, designed by Nonda Katsalidis.
January 25 – New World Center, home of the New World Symphony Orchestra, at Miami Beach, Florida, designed by Frank Gehry.
February 10 — The Granoff Center for the Creative Arts at Brown University, designed by Diller Scofidio + Renfro
February 28 – Museo Soumaya in Mexico City, designed by Fernando Romero.
March 1 – Media City Footbridge across the Manchester Ship Canal at MediaCityUK, Salford Quays, England, designed by Gifford and Wilkinson Eyre Architects.
April 16 – Turner Contemporary art gallery, in Margate, Kent, England, designed by David Chipperfield.
May 1 – New Lyric Theatre, Belfast, designed by O'Donnell & Tuomey of Dublin.
May 21 – The Hepworth Wakefield art gallery, West Yorkshire, England, designed by David Chipperfield.
May 31 – Ponte della Musica-Armando Trovajoli across the Tiber in Rome, Italy, designed by BuroHappold Engineering and Powell-Williams Architects.
June – Windmill Hill archive centre, Waddesdon, England, designed by Stephen Marshall.
June 16 – Gothenburg Mosque, Sweden.
June 20 – Riverside Museum, the new development of the Glasgow Museum of Transport in Scotland, designed by Zaha Hadid Architects.
June 25 – Peace Bridge across the River Foyle in Derry, Northern Ireland, designed by Wilkinson Eyre Architects.
July 19 – New Museum of Liverpool, at Liverpool Pier Head, England, designed by architects 3XN and engineers Buro Happold.
August 27 – Rustavi Sioni, church in Rustavi, Georgia, designed by Besarion Menabde, Nikoloz Abashidze and Nikolos Dadiani (consecration date).
September – firstsite new art gallery, Colchester, England, designed by Rafael Viñoly.
September 11 – National September 11 Memorial, Reflecting Absence, on the World Trade Center site in New York City, USA, designed by architect Michael Arad with landscape architect Peter Walker (dedication date).
September 13 – Westfield Stratford City shopping mall, Stratford, London.
October 12 – Royal Opera House Muscat opens in Muscat, Oman.
October 20 — The Human Ecology Building at Cornell University is dedicated. Designed by Gruzen-Samton Architects (IBI Group).
December 21 – Capital Gate skyscraper hotel and office building, in Abu Dhabi.
Buildings completed
January
City of Westminster College, Paddington Green Campus, London, designed by schmidt hammer lassen architects.
Heron Tower in the City of London, designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox.
February
8 Spruce Street, a skyscraper in New York City, USA, designed by Frank Gehry.
Sunset Chapel, Acapulco, Guerrero, Mexico, designed by BNKR Arquitectura.
March 29 – London Olympic Stadium, designed by Populous.
April – Metropol Parasol in Seville, Spain, designed by Jürgen Mayer.
July 6 – Trump Ocean Club International Hotel and Tower, the tallest building in Panama and Latin America.
July 27 – London Aquatics Centre, designed by Zaha Hadid.
September
CMA CGM Tower in Marseille, designed by Zaha Hadid.
Aberdeen University New Library in Scotland, designed by Schmidt Hammer Lassen architects.
October 20 — Milstein Hall at Cornell University, designed by Rem Koolhaas
October 28 – ArcelorMittal Orbit, designed by Anish Kapoor with Cecil Balmond, erected at Olympic Park, London.
November
Canada Water Library in London Docklands, designed by Piers Gough of CZWG.
Robert H. Jackson United States Courthouse in Buffalo, New York, designed by Kohn Pedersen Fox.
dates unknown
N M Rothschild & Sons' New Court banking headquarters in the City of London, designed by Rem Koolhaas's OMA, completed.
Brockholes Visitor Centre, a floating wooden nature reserve centre designed by Adam Khan of Arca, opens near Preston, Lancashire, England.
Eighth Avenue Place East in Calgary, Alberta
Maggie's Centres, drop-in cancer care centres in Great Britain
Maggie's Gartnavel, Glasgow, designed by Rem Koolhaas's OMA.
Maggie's Nottingham, designed by Piers Gough and Paul Smith.
Maggie's South West Wales, Swansea, designed by Kisho Kurokawa (opens December 9).
Temporary Serpentine Pavilion in London, designed by Peter Zumthor.
Folly for a Flyover, a 'pop-up' temporary arts centre in East London, England, designed by Assemble.
New Hospital Pavilion, University of Chicago Medical Center, designed by Rafael Viñoly, projected for completion.
University of Arizona Science Center, Tucson, designed by Rafael Viñoly, projected for completion.
The Crystal, Copenhagen, Denmark (part of Nykredit headquarters), designed by Schmidt Hammer Lassen Architects.
Kravis Center, Claremont McKenna College, Claremont, California, designed by Rafael Viñoly, projected for completion.
Awards
AIA Gold Medal – Fumihiko Maki
Architecture Firm Award – BNIM Architects
Carbuncle Cup – MediaCityUK
Driehaus Architecture Prize for New Classical Architecture – Robert A. M. Stern
Emporis Skyscraper Award – 8 Spruce Street New York City designed by Frank Gehry
European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture (Mies van der Rohe Prize) – David Chipperfield
Grand Prix de l'urbanisme – Michel Desvigne
Lawrence Israel Prize – David Rockwell
LEAF Award, Overall Winner – OBR Open Building Research
Praemium Imperiale Architecture Award – Ricardo Legorreta
Pritzker Architecture Prize – Eduardo Souto de Moura
RAIA Gold Medal – Graeme Gunn
RIBA Royal Gold Medal – David Chipperfield
Stirling Prize – Zaha Hadid (for the second year running)
Thomas Jefferson Medal in Architecture – Maya Lin
International Union of Architects UIA Gold Medal – Álvaro Siza Vieira
AIA Twenty-five Year Award – John Hancock Tower designed by Pei Cobb Freed & Partners
UIA Gold Medal – Álvaro Siza Vieira
Vincent Scully Prize – William K. Reilly
Births
Deaths
June 6
Stefan Kuryłowicz, Polish architect (born 1949)
Amnon Niv, Israeli architect and urban designer (born 1930)
September 17 – Colin Madigan, Australian architect (born 1921)
September 27 – Imre Makovecz, Hungarian architect (born 1935)
October 2 – Efraín Recinos, Guatemalan architect (born 1928)
October 5 – Enver Faja, Albanian architect (born 1934)
October 24 – Bruno Weber, Swiss architect (born 1931)
November 25 – Karel Hubacek, Czech architect (born 1924)
December 12 – Gene Summers, American architect (born 1928)
December 26 – Kiyonori Kikutake, Japanese architect, co-founder of the Metabolist group. (born 1928)
December 27 – Anne Tyng, American architect (born 1920)
December 30 – Ricardo Legorreta, Mexican architect, UIA Gold Medalist (born 1931)
See also
Timeline of architecture
References
21st-century architecture
Haven Creek is a long 2nd order tributary to the Haw River in Chatham County, North Carolina. The name of Haven Creek comes from Haven Estate from which it flows.
Course
Haven Creek rises about 1 mile northeast of Pittsboro, North Carolina in Chatham County and then flows north and east to the Haw River about 1 mile southeast of Bynum, North Carolina.
Watershed
Haven Creek drains of area, receives about 47.3 in/year of precipitation, and has a topographic wetness index of 399.92 and is about 64% forested.
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
Additional maps
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Chatham County, North Carolina
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Tokushima, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number "M02".
Lines
Niken'ya is Station served by the Mugi Line and is located 2.8 km from the beginning of the line at . Only local trains stop at the station.
Layout
The station consists of an island platform serving two tracks. The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. The island platform is accessed by a level crossing and ramp. A passing loop runs between track 1 and the station building.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Niken'ya Station was opened on 20 April 1913 as an intermediate station on a stretch of track laid down by the . After the company was nationalized in 1 September 1917, Japanese Government Railways (JGR) took over control of the station and operated it as part of the Komatsushima Light Railway and later, the Komatsushima Line. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, JR Shikoku took over control of the station.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 633 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Tokushima City Hall Hachiman Branch
Hachiman Elementary School, Tokushima City
Tokushima City Hachiman Junior High School
Tokushima Prefectural Jonan High School
Tokushima Prefectural Tokushima Visual Support School, Tokushima
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1913
Tokushima (city)
The East Anglia Transport Museum is an open-air transport museum, with numerous historic public transport vehicles (including many in full working order). It is located in Carlton Colville a suburb of Lowestoft, Suffolk. It is the only museum in the country where visitors can ride on buses, trams and trolleybuses, as well as a narrow-gauge railway.
What the Museum offers
The museum has many exhibits ranging from a 1904 Lowestoft Corporation tram to a 1985 Sinclair C5. Tram rides are available on a route passing the museum's trolleybus depot and up to a terminus at Woodside. Originally, the trolleybus route extended as far as the trolleybus depot where passengers could change for a ride on the museum's 2 ft gauge railway to Chapel Road (the other end of the tram route), or they could stay on the trolleybus whilst it performed a 3-point turn and returned to the museum entrance via the same route.
12 July 2008 marked Britain's first trolleybus extension for many decades through the creation of a loop along the Back Road, linking in with the existing overhead wiring near to the museum's entrance. This follows the tarmacadaming of the Back Road, which previously had been a muddy field, and the renaming of this to Herting Street - in honour of the gentleman whose generous donation made these works possible.
Exhibits include the last trolleybus to operate under its own power in London, No. 1521, one of a batch of 150 L3 class vehicles built on chassis made by Associated Equipment Company (AEC) and Metro Cammell Weymann in 1939–40. When it entered Fulwell Depot in the evening of 8 May 1962, it marked the end of what had been the world's largest trolleybus network.
History
The museum was founded on its present site at Carlton Colville in 1965, following the rescue in 1962 by four enthusiasts of the body of an old Lowestoft tram (number 14), which had been used for a number of years as a summerhouse. The site was formerly a meadow, donated by the founder and first chairperson of the Museum Society, Albert Bird. The first buildings on the site were constructed in 1966, but development work on the site took a number of years to complete, and the museum first opened to the public on 28 May 1972. Full tram and trolleybus operations began in 1981, following the construction of a suitable roadway.
The Museum's narrow gauge railway, known as the East Suffolk Light Railway, opened in 1973. It was some long, running along the northern edge of the site, and the -gauge track was constructed from materials obtained from a sand quarry at Leziate, from Canvey Island and from the Southwold Railway. Signals were obtained from several locations in the vicinity. The museum also owns a van body which once ran on the Southwold Railway.
In 2016, the museum acquired some land adjacent to the main site, and then applied to Waveney District Council to allow them to extend the museum site. The Council decided that such a move would be beneficial to the region, as the museum injected some £450,000 into the local economy in 2016, and voted to grant planning permission unanimously. The estimated cost for the development is one million pounds, which should see the tramway, the trolleybus route and the narrow gauge railway lengthened, and the total area of the site almost doubling. Plans include the construction of a new exhibition hall devoted to Eastern Coach Works, a major builder of bus and train bodywork, which was located in nearby Lowestoft, until its closure in 1987. The plans provided for two new depots to be built, one for trams and the other for trolleybuses. At the time of the application, some 20 vehicles were kept in store at Ellough near Beccles, and the museum aimed to move all of them to the Carlton Colville site, so that they could be seen by the public more easily.
The first of the transport systems to be extended was the East Suffolk Light Railway, which originally terminated near the woodland tramway. Progress was blocked by a tramway siding, and one of the early jobs was to construct a flat crossing to allow the trains to pass over the tramway.
Exhibits
Trams
Blackpool Corporation VAMBAC enclosed single-decker No. 11 built in 1939. Awaiting repair.
Lowestoft Corporation Tramways open topper No. 14 built in 1904. Undergoing restoration.
Blackpool Corporation Standard Class enclosed double-decker No. 159 built in 1927. Operational.
Amsterdam Tramways enclosed single decker No. 474 built in 1929. Operational.
Glasgow Corporation Tramways enclosed double-decker No. 488 built in 1903. Undergoing restoration at the Ffestiniog Railway.
Sheffield Corporation enclosed double-decker No. 513 built in 1950. Operational, on loan from Beamish Museum
London Transport enclosed double-decker No. 1858 built in 1930. Operational.
Trolleybuses
1 Privately owned German Trolleybus
5 Garrett 1926 Copenhagen
34 Sunbeam 1947 Hastings Corporation
52 BUT 9611T 1953 Maidstone Corporation Transport
87 BUT 9612T 1956 Ashton-Under-Lyne Corporation
202 Sunbeam 1935 Bournemouth Corporation
224 Sunbeam 1953 Derby Corporation (away from museum undergoing restoration)
237 Sunbeam 1960 Derby Corporation (Privately Owned)
246 Sunbeam 1958 Belfast Corporation
260 AEC 1936 London Transport
286 Sunbeam 1959 Bournemouth Corporation
313 BUT 1951 Portsmouth Corporation
628 BUT 1950 Newcastle Corporation
1201 Leyland 1938 London Transport
1521 Chassisless Construction by Metro-Cammell using AEC components 1940 London Transport
Motorbuses
21 AEC Regent II 1947 Lowestoft Corporation
LL408 Bristol 1948 Eastern Counties
RTL 1050 Leyland Titan 1950 London Transport
LFL57 Bristol Lodekka 1962 Eastern Counties
4 AEC Swift 1969 Lowestoft corporation
85 AEC Reliance 1964 Great Yarmouth
4 AEC Swift 1969 Lowestoft Corporation
VR385 Bristol VR 1972 Eastern Counties
13 Mercedes-Benz 608D 1987 Lincolnshire Road Car
66 Leyland PD2/1 1949 Great Yarmouth Corporation
62 Dennis Dart 1995 Great Yarmouth Transport
Locomotives
There are four locomotives which operate on the gauge East Suffolk Light Railway. All of them have four-wheel chassis, with diesel engines and mechanical transmission. One was made by Ruston and Hornsby of Lincoln and three were made by Motor Rail of Bedford. The frames of a fourth Motor Rail locomotive were used to form the chassis of a brakevan.
See also
List of transport museums
List of trolleybus systems in the United Kingdom
The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft
Black Country Living Museum - also with trolleybuses and trams
Gallery
Bibliography
References
External links
Museum website
Bus museums in England
Lowestoft
Museums in Suffolk
Tram museums
Tramways with double-decker trams
Transport museums in England
Trolleybus transport in the United Kingdom
Bhoja Chak is a small village in Bihiya block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 316, in 57 households. It is located just northeast of the town of Bihiya.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Kavalam Chundan is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by V. P. M. Manikkam. The film stars Sathyan, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi and P. J. Antony in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan
Sharada
Adoor Bhasi
P. J. Antony
Adoor Bhavani
Adoor Pankajam
Aranmula Ponnamma
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Pankajavalli
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Çömlekçiler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 182 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
The belted flycatcher (Xenotriccus callizonus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in southern Mexico, Guatemala and El Salvador. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description
This bird is relatively dull in appearance, though it does sport a flashy crest. The upperparts are a light brown, the underparts a dull yellow. Other features include a pale eye-ring and cocoa wing-bars and chest band, the latter giving it its name. Similar species include the pileated flycatcher and tufted flycatcher.
The bird is usually relatively reclusive, opting to remain concealed in thickets, leaving to hawk or glean insects. It is usually relatively solitary and most likely socially monogamous.
Ecology
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry scrub forest, especially that dominated by oaks and pines.
References
belted flycatcher
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of El Salvador
belted flycatcher
belted flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Miaoulis () may refer to:
People with the surname
Andreas Vokos Miaoulis (1769-1835), Greek admiral and politician
Dimitrios Miaoulis (1784–1836), son of Andreas
Antonios Miaoulis (1800–1836), son of Andreas
Ioannis Miaoulis (1803–1830), brother of Andreas
Emmanouil Miaoulis (1812–1871), brother of Andreas
Athanasios Miaoulis (1815–1867), brother of Andreas
Nikolaos Miaoulis (1818–1872), brother of Andreas
Andreas Miaoulis (born 1819) (1819–1887), son of Dimitrios
Dimitrios D. Miaoulis (1836–1899), son of Dimitrios
Emmanouil A. Miaoulis, son of Antonios
Andreas A. Miaoulis (1830–?), son of Antonios
Nikolaos Vokos (1854–1902), son of Emmanouil
Ioannis A. Miaoulis (1850–1913), son of Andreas D. Miaoulis
Athanasios N. Miaoulis (1865–1936), son of Nikolaos D. Miaoulis
Andreas Miaoulis (born 1869) (1869–?), son of Dimitrios D. Miaoulis
Other
Miaoulis (cannonade), a gunboat of the Royal Greek Navy
Greek cruiser Navarchos Miaoulis, an 1879 cruiser of the Royal Greek Navy
Greek destroyer Miaoulis (L91), a World War II-era destroyer of the Greek Navy
Greek destroyer Miaoulis (D-211), a Greek Gearing-class destroyer
Akti Miaouli, an area of the Port of Piraeus
Miaoulis (shoal), a shoal in the Ionian Sea
Greek-language surnames
Mar Thomas Chakiath (born 10 September 1937) is a retired Syro Malabar Catholic Bishop. They were the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly.
Biography
 They are the son of Chackappan and Mariam Chakiath. They attended the Sacred Heart Petit Seminary, Ernakulam and then the Pontifical Seminary, Alwaye. Chakiath was ordained priest on 30 November 1964 at the Eucharistic Congress in Bombay by Joseph Cardinal Parecattil.
Chakiath is an alumnus of the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas Angelicum in Rome where they studied from 1968 to 1972 earning a doctorate in sociology. They were a member of the K.C.B.C. Commission for Justice and Peace, and the secretary of the priests' Senate of the Archdiocese of Ernakulam. Chakiath has been a consulter of the Archdiocese for three terms. They were the founder-director of Niveditha, Institute for Religious Formation and Fellowship.
In January 1997, Chakiath was appointed the Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Ernakulam. On 17 February 1998 Chakiath was nominated the Titular Bishop of Uzipari and the Bishop Auxiliary of Ernakulam Angamaly. They were consecrated Bishop on 14 April 1998 by Archbishop Mar Varkey Vithayathil at St Mary's Cathedral Basilica, Ernakulam.
References
Profile from Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly
Profile from Syro Malabar Church website
Profile from Catholic Hierarchy
1937 births
Syro-Malabar bishops
Living people
Archdiocese of Ernakulam-Angamaly
Christian clergy from Kochi
A flapper is a wildland firefighting tool that resembles a broom or a leaf rake with wide, overlapping metal bristles in the form of a hand fan. It is also called a swatter or a beater. It is designed for extinguishing minor fires in rural areas such as heaths. A flapper is built with a long handle and a series of lamellae which allows firefighters to stand well back from the fire. The lamellae are constructed in either rubber or steel, though practically any other fire-resistant material could be used.
The fire is attacked from the upwind side by lightly swatting out the flames or embers with the thick flap. When the flapper hits the ground, the oxygen supply to the fire is stopped and the fire will be extinguished. Where ground cover is short, the flapper can be dragged along the fire edge to smother the fire. If used too hard it can add more oxygen to the fire. It is often recommended to either hose water on the area or keep it under observation, as there will always be a risk of it flaring up later.
Due to a flapper's small size it is unfit for use against a blazing forest fire or large burning fields. The tool's design makes it only suitable for minor flames or glows within a limited area. It is commonly used in fire mop-up operations. For fire fighting in larger areas it is much more convenient to take out hoses from a fire engine and spray selected areas. Alternatively a water cannon from a water tender can be used.
A flapper is often part of the standard equipment on a fire engine and may also be set up inside and around forests and at heaths in order to take immediate action if a fire is seen.
The flapper's technique has been developed from using a wet green pine bough, and wet burlap sacks in the rural south US, to swat the fire known as "wet sacking" a fire.
See also
Driptorch
Fire triangle
McLeod (tool)
Pulaski (tool)
Sources
Safeteam description of firefighting equipment
External links
Forestry tools
Wildfire suppression equipment
Kennedy Peak () is a small peak protruding above the continental ice south of Mount Barr Smith, on the west side of Denman Glacier, Antarctica. It was mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for A.L. Kennedy, a cartographer with the Australasian Antarctic Expedition Western Base party, in recognition of the close correlation of their 1912–13 running survey of the eastern half of the Queen Mary Coast with the US-ACAN map of 1955 compiled from aerial photographs.
References
Mountains of Queen Mary Land
Ataxia cayensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Chemsak and Feller in 1988. It is known from Belize.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1988
The Collected Works of Johann Christian Bach is a 48 volume edition of the music of J.C. Bach published by Garland Publishing from 1984 to 1999. The general editor was the musicologist and J.C. Bach expert Ernest Warburton. Vol. 48 of the edition is a Thematic Catalog of this composer's work prepared by Warburton.
One notable feature of the edition is that it includes material which the obituary of Warburton in The Musical Times described as "drawn in Warburton's own elegant calligraphy." Rather than having scores set in musical type, much of the edition has been printed from scores transcribed by hand for the publication and then reproduced. It also includes some facsimiles of manuscript sources and librettos to vocal works by J.C. Bach.
Noted music scholar Richard Maunder (best known for their completion of Mozart's Requiem) also contributed to the edition.
Sources
Obituary of Ernest Warburton (retrieved 28 Feb 2011 from archive.org).
Summary of a review of the edition by Sterling E. Murray
Bach, JC
Compositions by Johann Christian Bach
The What We Do in the Shadows franchise consists of New Zealand and American mockumentary horror-comedy installments including one limited-theatrical film, a number of short films, two spin-off television series, and one digital series. Created by Jemaine Clement and Taika Waititi, the plot concerns several vampires who live together in shared accommodation, who are followed by a documentary film crew.
Films
What We Do in the Shadows (2014)
Vampire housemates (Jemaine Clement, Taika Waititi, Jonathan Brugh) cope with the complexities of modern life and introduce a newly turned vampire to the benefits of being undead.
We're Wolves (TBA)
A sequel to the What We Do in the Shadows, focused on the werewolves depicted in the film, originally rumoured to be titled What We Do in the Moonlight, was announced as being in development in August 2015. In May 2019 Taika Waititi said "We're Wolves is the film that Jemaine and I keep pretending that we're making. Every couple of years we say, we're making this new film called We're Wolves which follows the werewolves from the film,” said Waititi. “I feel bad to even mention it now because we keep saying it, [but] it's like a dad saying, ‘Yeah, I'll be home for Christmas.' I suppose we're just two dads out on the road enjoying our lives and going, ‘We're not coming home for Christmas.' We'll send a postcard. It's not like we don't want to come home for Christmas. We would like nothing more but we have a lot of shit going on. When are you going to die? Do you have a ... deadline before your death? I guarantee it before then. Five years, 10 years? It took us seven years to write the [first] film, so you do the math. That was a sad thing to say."
Short films
What We Do in the Shadows: Interviews with Some Vampires (2005)
The original 29-minute short film by Taika Waititi & Jemaine Clement, which inspired their 2014 film. In the short, three vampires—Deacon Brugh (Jonny Brugh), Count Viago (Waititi), and Vulvus the Abhorrent (Clement)—who share an apartment are interviewed by a TV crew.
Dating 101 with Viago (2014)
A short film and advertisement campaign to promote the online dating services FindSomeone and Dating for Shoes. The film follows Dating for Shoes founder Angela Meyer giving Viago a tutorial on creating their very own FindSomeone profile: from creating a username, to describing their hobbies and interests.
Vampire's Guide to Vellington (2014)
A short film and advertisement campaign by Wellington, as a comedic promotion that the city is a vampire-friendly place to visit. The film follows vampire Viago promoting the nightlife, cinemas and clothes shops of the city alongside their flatmates Vladislav and Deacon. As part of the campaign, the 'W' in the Wellington Blown Away sign on Miramar hill was temporarily changed to a blood-red 'V'.
Television
Wellington Paranormal (2018–2022)
The series follows Officers Minogue and O'Leary, who originally appeared as secondary characters in the 2014 film. They join a paranormal division of the Wellington Police Department under Sergeant Maaka (Maaka Pohatu). The show debuted on TVNZ 2 in 2018, and was renewed several times. The fourth and final season aired in 2022.
What We Do in the Shadows (2019–present)
The series follows four vampire roommates and one vampire familiar living on Staten Island.
In May 2020, the series was ordered for a third season, while season two was still airing.
Production for season three was set to start in February 2021, before being postponed to later in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Digital series
Important COVID-19 Messages from Wellington Paranormal is a sixteen-episode digital web series and public service campaign released in 2020 by New Zealand Police to inform the public on health, safety, and best practices during the COVID-19 pandemic. The series follows Officers Minogue and O'Leary in home isolation, and features several guests including Sergeant Maaka and Officer Parker. The series also includes Andrew Coster and Clarke Gayford as themselves.
Main cast and characters
Additional crew and production details
Reception
Box office and financial performance
Critical and public response
References
2010s comedy horror films
English-language films
Features based on short films
Films directed by Taika Waititi
Films set in New Zealand
Films shot in New Zealand
American mockumentary films
2010s parody films
Vampire comedy films
Vampire film series
Wellington in fiction
Werewolf films
Television franchises
New Zealand comedy horror films
Mass media franchises introduced in 2014
Film series introduced in 2014
Cameraria saliciphaga is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
The larvae feed on Salix species (including Salix australior, Salix excelsa and Salix triandra). They mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1975
Taxa named by Vladimir Ivanovitsch Kuznetzov
"Pillow Talkin'" is the debut single recorded by Canadian country music artist Tyler Joe Miller. The track was co-written by Kelly Archer, Blake Chaffin, and Brett Tyler. The song was the lead single off Miller's debut extended play Sometimes I Don't, But Sometimes I Do. It was the first ever debut single from an independent artist to hit #1 on the Billboard Canada Country chart.
Background
Miller told the Surrey Now-Leader how they came to record the song:
The song was sent to radio on Christmas Day in 2019.
Commercial performance
"Pillow Talkin'" reached a peak of #1 on the Billboard Canada Country chart dated May 16, 2020, making Miller the first independently signed artist to land a #1 hit with their debut single in the history of the chart. The song also reached a peak of #70 on the Canadian Hot 100, and was certified Gold by Music Canada. In Australia, it reached a peak of #28 on the TMN Country Hot 50.
Track listings
Digital download – single
"Pillow Talkin'" – 3:20
Digital download – single
"Pillow Talkin'" (Acoustic) – 3:13
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 songs
2019 debut singles
Tyler Joe Miller songs
Songs written by Kelly Archer
Song recordings produced by Danick Dupelle
Wang Xuance (, fl. 7th century) was a Tang Dynasty guard officer and diplomat. In 648, Tang Taizong sent them to India in response to Harshavardhana sending an ambassador to China. However once in India they discovered Harshavardhana had died and the new king Aluonashun (supposedly Arunāsva) attacked Wang and their 30 mounted subordinates. This led to Wang Xuance escaping to Tibet and then mounting a joint of over 7,000 Nepalese mounted infantry and 1,200 Tibetan infantry and attack on the Indian state on June 16. The success of this attack won Xuance the prestigious title of the "Grand Master for the Closing Court." They also secured a reported Buddhist relic for China. 2,000 prisoners were taken from Magadha by the Nepali and Tibetan forces under Wang. Tibetan and Chinese writings document describe Wang Xuance's raid on India with Tibetan soldiers. Nepal had been subdued by the Tibetan King Songtsen. The Indian pretender was among the captives. The war happened in 649. Taizong's grave had a statue of the Indian pretender. The pretender's name was recorded in Chinese records as "Na-fu-ti O-lo-na-shuen" (Dinafudi is probably a reference to Tirabhukti, and is also transliterated Aruṇāśa or Arunashwa). The war had lasted 3 days.
They wrote the book Zhong Tianzhu Guo Xingji (Travel Notes of Central India), which included a wealth of geographical information.
References
Tang dynasty generals at war against Tibet
Tang dynasty diplomats
Writers from Luoyang
Tang dynasty generals from Henan
Tang dynasty writers
Chinese travel writers
zh:阿羅那順
Eilema voeltzkowi is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1909. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1909
voeltzkowi
Sir Thomas Lee, 3rd Baronet (1687–1749), of Hartwell, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons almost continuously from 1710 to 1741.
Lee was the eldest son of Sir Thomas Lee, 2nd Baronet, MP and the brother of George, John and William. They succeeded their father in 1702, inheriting the family seat at Hartwell, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire.
Lee was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament for Chipping Wycombe at the 1710 general election. They were returned unopposed again for Wycombe in 1713 and 1715. At the 1722 general election they were elected instead as MP for Buckinghamshire. They did not stand at the 1727 general election but was returned as MP for Buckinghamshire at a by-election on 29 January 1729. They were elected again at the 1734 general election, but did not stand in 1741.
Lee married in 1720, Elizabeth Sandys, the daughter and heiress of Thomas Sandys of London and had two sons and a daughter. They were succeeded by their second son William.
References
1687 births
1749 deaths
People from Aylesbury
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
Mohammad Amin (born 10 October 1920) was a Pakistani cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1944 to 1957, and played for Pakistan in the years before Pakistan played Test cricket.
Cricket career
A leg-spin and googly bowler, Mohammad Amin played for Northern India in the Ranji Trophy before Pakistan gained independence. In December 1947 they played in the first first-class match in Pakistan, representing Punjab against Sind. They took 3 for 52 and 6 for 113 to help Punjab to an innings victory. They were thus the first player to take six wickets in an innings in Pakistan. They took 15 wickets in that first short season of cricket in Pakistan; no one else took more than nine. In a 12-a-side three-day match between Punjab and Sind in 1948-49 they took 12 wickets.
 They are widely considered to be the pioneer of the googly in Pakistani cricket. They played in Pakistan's first match, which was against the touring West Indians in 1948-49, taking three wickets. They toured Ceylon with the Pakistan team later that season and played in both matches against Ceylon, but bowled only 18 overs, taking two wickets. Their final match for Pakistan was against the Commonwealth XI in 1949-50.
When the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy began in 1953-54 they played for Railways. They took 13 wickets at an average of 18.15 in the two matches, including 5 for 57 and 4 for 89 when Railways lost to Punjab in the semi-final, but younger spinners were preferred for the Test tour of England in 1954. They were one of three reserve players named for the tour, but they were not required on the tour. Their last season was 1957-58, when in three matches for Railways they took 11 wickets at an average of 17.72.
 They are believed to have died.
References
External links
Mohammad Amin at CricketArchive
Mohammad Amin at Cricinfo
1920 births
Possibly living people
Pakistani cricketers
Cricketers from Lahore
Northern India cricketers
Pakistan Railways cricketers
Punjab (Pakistan) cricketers
HMS Thistle was a Shamrock-class schooner launched at Bermuda on 27 February 1802. They participated in one notable single ship action that resulted (many years later) in the Admiralty awarding their crew the Naval General service Medal (NGSM). They were wrecked on 6 March 1811.
Career
Lieutenant Peter Proctor commissioned Thistle in 1808.
On 25 March 1809 the French sloop Fortunée arrived in Bermuda, a prize to Thistle. Fortunée had been sailing from Guadeloupe to Bordeaux.
In late October Thistle sent into Halifax, Nova Scotia the American vessel Susquehanna, Brown, master. Susquehanna had been sailing from Baltimore to Tonningen.
On 10 February 1810 Thistle gave chase to a vessel. After seven hours Thistle caught up with their quarry, which hoisted Batavian colours, opened fire, and attempted to ram Thistle. The two vessels exchanged fire for about an hour when the Batavian vessel attempted to sail off. A running engagement ensued. After four hours the Dutch vessel struck. According to Lieutenant Proctor, they were the Batavian naval corvette , of 10 guns, though pierced for 18. They had a crew of 52 men under the command of Lieutenant J. Sterling. Them passengers included the former lieutenant-governor of Batavia, Admiral Buyskes ([ Buijskes]), together with their suite. They were on their way to New York with a part cargo of indigo and spices. Havik had one man killed and seven men badly wounded, one of the wounded being the Admiral. On Thistle, a marine was killed and seven men were wounded, Lieutenant Proctor being one of the wounded. During the initial exchange of fire three of Thistles carronades had been dismounted.
According to Dutch sources, Havik, Lieutenant Steelingh, captain, had an estimated burthen of 200–250 tons. They had been built in Batavia and was on their way to Europe. They were armed with six 3-pounder guns and two 1-pounder swivel guns. (This gave them a broadside of 10 pounds, versus Thistles broadside of 66 pounds.) Them complement consisted of 32 men: 30 crew, and two passengers – the Admiral, and their aide. They struck after they had expended all their ammunition.
Thistle and Havik arrived at Bermuda on 20 February. Havik arrived at Portsmouth from Bermuda on 14 June 1810. Them cargo was reported to have a value of £40,000.
Lieutenant Proctor was promoted to Commander in May 1810. In 1847 the Admiralty awarded the NGSM with clasp "Thistle 10 Feby. 1810" to any surviving claimants from the action; there were none.
Lieutenant George M'Pherson replaced Proctor in June 1810. Thistle carried to London the seaman Robert Jeffrey who in 1807 Commander Warwick Lake of had marooned on Sombrero, Anguilla.
Loss
The government hired Thistle to carry dispatches and the January mail for New York from Falmouth, Cornwall. They sailed on 12 January 1811. Lloyd's List reported that Thistle had been lost on 6 March 1811 near New York, United States with the loss of six of their crew. The mail was saved and delivered to New York on 9 March.
The subsequent courtmartial established that the loss was due to the inaccuracy of the chart, which showed incorrect soundings. In all, four men died in attempts to get to shore. The rest were pulled to shore on a line from the beach. Over the next few days some of their stores were salvaged and sold. On 13 March the wreck was sold to a local man for $135. The wreck occurred on Maransquam Beach, about nine leagues south of Sandy Hook.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Shamrock-class schooners
1808 ships
Ships built in Bermuda
Schooners of the Royal Navy
Maritime incidents in 1811
Tommy Höglund (born 2 April 1961) is a Swedish biathlete. They competed in the relay event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Swedish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Sweden
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Dalarna
Kuzörendağlı is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 143 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Thomas Uren (28 May 1921 – 26 January 2015) was an Australian politician and Deputy Leader of the Australian Labor Party from 1975 to 1977. Uren served as the Member for Reid in the Australian House of Representatives from 1958 to 1990, being appointed Minister for Urban and Regional Development (1972–75), Minister for Territories and Local Government (1983–84) and Minister for Local Government and Administrative Services (1984–87). They helped establish the heritage and conservation movement in Australia and, in particular, worked to preserve the heritage of inner Sydney.
Early life
Uren was born in Balmain, Sydney, then a working-class suburb, and was educated at Manly High School. Uren's family is of Cornish ancestry, having originated in Penzance. Uren played rugby league for Manly Warringah in their youth and was a strong competitive swimmer. Uren had an early career as a professional boxer, and challenged for the Australian heavyweight championship against Billy Britt.
In 1941, Uren joined the Australian Army's permanent forces. They subsequently volunteered for the Second Australian Imperial Force and served in the 2/1st Heavy Battery. Uren was deployed to Timor and was a prisoner of the Japanese from 1942 to 1945, during which time they worked on the Burma Railway and served with Edward "Weary" Dunlop.
Uren was later transferred to Japan where they witnessed the distant crimson sky that resulted from the explosion of the US atom bomb on Nagasaki. They were discharged in December 1945 with the rank of Bombardier.
After the war Uren spent a short time trying to revive their boxing career which included a trip to England and Uren worked for their passage on voyages through the Panama Canal. On return, Uren worked as a Woolworths manager at Lithgow which led to being inspired to join the Australian Labor Party after attending Ben Chifley's funeral.
Uren and their wife Patricia moved to Guildford, in Sydney's west, in the late 1940s, and established two small retailing outlets on the corner of Chetwynd Road and Hawksview Street, West Guildford to gain the financial independence to pursue a political career. Uren also built a family home nearby, before transferring from the Lithgow branch of the Labor party to the West Guildford branch in 1954.
Political career
Uren won Labor pre-selection in 1957 for the House of Representatives seat of Reid in western Sydney, which they won at the 1958 election. They represented the electorate until their retirement before the 1990 election, thirty-two years later.
Uren was a strong supporter of the left wing of the Labor Party, led at first by Eddie Ward and later by Jim Cairns, and was sometimes accused of being a secret communist, an accusation they denied. They campaigned against the Vietnam War, conscription and nuclear testing.
In 1969 Uren was appointed by Gough Whitlam to the Opposition front bench with responsibility for housing and urban affairs, which became Uren's passion for the rest of Uren's career. Uren was Minister for Urban and Regional Development in the Whitlam government from 1972 to 1975. They established the Australian Heritage Commission and consequent compilation of the Register of the National Estate. In Sydney, Uren promoted the restoration and re-use of derelict inner city areas such as the Glebe Estate and Woolloomooloo, the reclamation of Duck Creek and the creation of the Chipping Norton Lakes Scheme. They were a key player in the creation of the Towra Point Nature Reserve. Despite their reputation as a firebrand, Uren proved a highly competent minister and was one of the few ministers to emerge from the fall of the Whitlam government with their reputation enhanced.
In 1976 Uren was elected Deputy Leader of the Labor Party under Whitlam as Opposition Leader, but after the 1977 election, when Bill Hayden was elected Leader, Uren was replaced by Lionel Bowen. Uren succeeded Jim Cairns as leader of the ALP Left, and bitterly opposed Bob Hawke's rise to the Labor leadership. As a result, when the Hawke government won the 1983 election, Uren, despite being a former deputy leader of the party, was omitted from the Cabinet – Uren was given the junior portfolio of Minister for Territories and Local Government, and from 1984 to 1987 Local Government and Administrative Services. They became Father of the House of Representatives in 1984.
Uren stood down from the ministry after the 1987 election and retired from Parliament in 1990. They and Queensland's Clarrie Millar were the last combat veterans of World War II to serve in the House of Representatives, while Russ Gorman, a non-combat veteran, would serve until 1996. In retirement they continued to campaign for various causes, including the protection of Sydney Harbour and its foreshores. Uren opposed Australia's participation in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Honours
Uren was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) in the 1993 Queen's Birthday Honours, awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001, and advanced to a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) in the 2013 Australia Day Honours.
Legacy
There is now a park in Iris Street, West Guildford, called "Tom Uren Park" in memory of the Labor Party local.
Uren had a strong influence on Anthony Albanese, who became the Prime Minister of Australia in May 2022. Albanese stated in June 2021 that "I grew up without a dad, but not without a father. Tom Uren was my father figure."
Death
Uren died on 26 January 2015, aged 93.
Notes
References
1921 births
2015 deaths
1975 Australian constitutional crisis
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Reid
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Members of the Cabinet of Australia
Australian Army soldiers
Australian prisoners of war
Companions of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Australian people of Cornish descent
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
Burma Railway prisoners
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian memoirists
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Bolta Pakistan is a live current affairs talk show on AAJ TV. The show was originally hosted by Nusrat Javed and Mushtaq Minhas (from 7 May 2007 to 15 April 2010) and ran Monday through Friday from 11 PM to midnight (Pakistan Standard Time.) After the two anchors left, from 4 October 2010, Orya Maqbool Jan and Saleem Bukhari hosted the show on Monday and Tuesday, 11:00 PM to Midnight (Pakistan Standard Time). The show celebrated its first anniversary on 7 May 2008. It was initially aired from Rawalpindi. Presently, it is hosted from Lahore. Later, Javed and Minhas returned once again to resume hosting the show, and are the shows current hosts since 14 February 2011.
Mushtaq Minhas and Nusrat Javed, with their polar opposite views on everything in life, fight it out on the big issues to show you every angle of the situation. Public and high-ranking officials' calls make the show one of the most relevant and dynamic shows on television. The first of its kind format that has made 11pm the new prime time on news channels and has generated several similar shows on other channels.
Format
Discussion style
Mushtaq Minhas starts the show with a brief introduction. Nusrat Javed then adds their introduction. Then the duo holds a brief discussion about various current affairs topic and accept call-ins during discussions. The show aims to keep track of open discussions over subsequent shows.
Call-ins
The duo accepts call-in questions, Callers are identified by name and city. Occasionally, famous guests telephone the show and comment, like Journalists, Politicians, and celebrities. The phone number for call-ins is +92-51-280-5031.
E-mails
The duo also accepts e-mail questions or comments.
Notes
External links
Bolta Pakistan - on Aaj News
Bolta Pakistan - Pakistan Reporter
Watch Bolta Pakistan Episodes
Bolta Pakistan Recordings
Pakistani television talk shows
The Star (XVII) is the 17th ranking or Major Arcana card in most traditional tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
A naked woman kneels by the water; one foot is in the water and one foot is on the land. Above their head is one large star, representing their core essences, and seven smaller stars, representing the chakras. In each hand they hold a jug. From one jug they pour a liquid into the water. From the other jug they pour a liquid onto the land.
The Star represents: New hopes and splendid revelations of the future, insight, inspiration, courage and enlightenment of the spiritual self. Body and mind and converging towards the light at the end of a dark time(s). Another reading says Yes, hope and bright prospects; reversed (something opposed to the original demiurge impulse, the inner all-embrasing meaning of the card) -- loss, theft, privation, hubris, abandonment, arrogance, haughtiness, impotence.
According to A.E. Waite's 1910 book The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, the Star card carries several divinatory associations:
17.THE STAR.--Hope and bright prospects, Reversed: Loss, theft, privation, abandonment; another reading says: arrogance, haughtiness, impotence.
In astrology, the Star card is associated with the planet Uranus and Aquarius zodiac sign.
In other media
In the manga JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders, tarot cards are used to name some of the characters' powers, named 'Stands'. The protagonist of Stardust Crusaders, Jotaro Kujo, has a Stand named Star Platinum, named after The Star card.
References
A. E. Waite's 1910 Pictorial Key to the Tarot
Juliette Wood, Folklore 109 (1998): 15–24, "The Celtic Tarot and the Secret Tradition: A Study in Modern Legend Making" (1998)
External links
Major Arcana
Poisons or the World History of Poisoning () is a 2001 Russian fantastical absurdist comedy directed by Karen Shakhnazarov.
Plot
Young family of Volkov's, Oleg and Katya, move to an apartment they bought and get acquainted with their neighbor, locksmith Arnold Sharapov. Right during a friendly dinner Katya cheats on their husband. Frustrated Oleg decides to drown their sorrows in alcohol, but at the bar accidentally meets Ivan Petrovich Prokhorov, pensioner, whose wife in their time was also unfaithful. In a conversation with the nice old man, Oleg learns that Prokhorov punished their wife by slipping poison into their yogurt. And now Ivan strongly persuades Oleg to also kill their unfaithful wife, using a small collection of poisons which Prokhorov constantly carries with him.
After some hesitation Oleg decides to do the terrible thing, but random interference from their mother-in-law Eugenia Ivanovna Kholodkova saves the wife of the hapless poisoner. As a result of a family quarrel, Oleg leaves the house and is a guest of Zoya, wife of Arnold, who in turn drove their traitor-husband out of the house. Oleg and Zoya fall in love with each other and decide to live together.
But the former spouses of the loving couple, consumed with anger and envy decide to destroy them. On the advice of the insidious mother-in-law Evgenia Ivanovna, Arnold and Katya want to invite Oleg and Zoya to dinner together and poison them by feeding them contaminated burgers. Learning this, Oleg first seeks the advice of experienced poisoner Prokhorov, who offers a number of retaliatory steps brilliant in their deviousness. But in the end Oleg decides to let go peacefully, both couples divorce, Oleg and Zoya begin together an existence full of love and mutual interests ...
Throughout the action, under the influence of Prokhorov's stories about famous poisoners Oleg often "daydreams", imagining crimes of these villains. Central figure in Oleg's visions becomes Pope Alexander VI Borgia, the famous medieval poisoner and a victim of their own treachery ...
Cast
Ignat Akrachkov as Oleg Volkov, actor
Oleg Basilashvili as Ivan Petrovich Prokhorov, pensioner / Pope Alexander VI
Zhanna Dudanova as Katya, Oleg's wife
Aleksandr Bashirov as Arnold Sharapov, locksmith
Olga Tumaykina as Zoya Filimonova, sportswoman, Arnold's wife
Lyudmila Kasatkina as Eugenia Ivanovna Kholodkova, Oleg's mother-in-law
Andrei Panin as Cesare Borgia
Nikolay Afanasyev as Cardinal di Carnet
as Socrates
Aleksandr Andreevich as Artaxerxes II of Persia
Elena Fomina as Parysatis
Veronika Nikolaeva as Stateira, Artaxerxes's wife
Marina Kazankova as Lucrezia Borgia
Ekaterina Klimova as Jeanne d'Albret
Elena Obukhova as Madame de Brinvilliers
Ivan Lakshin as Nero
Fedor Shelenkov as Caligula
Timur Matsiev as Khan Meñli I Giray
Dmitri Dyuzhev as Dr. Edme Costa
Yelena Zakharova as actor in the theater
Awards
The film was awarded the Grand Prix at the Kinotavr film festival in Sochi. At the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival the picture was nominated for the Crystal Globe and was screened at the Berlin International Film Festival.
References
External links
2000s Russian-language films
Russian comedy films
2001 comedy films
2001 films
Films directed by Karen Shakhnazarov
1964–65 Kuwaiti Premier League was the 4th season of the First League Division.
Overview
In the fourth season, the school teams, which are Thanwit Al-Shoike (), Al-Kalia Al-Saneia () and Al-Shorta (), were excluded from participating in the league and witnessed the participation of three new clubs, namely Al-Salmiya, Al-Fahaheel and Al-Shabab. Kuwait SC managed to end Al-Arabi's monopoly on the league championship to achieve its first title in its history after topping the league table without any defeat with eighteen points, scoring 44 goals and conceding 9 goals.
League table
References
RSSSF
Kuwait Premier League seasons
Kuwait
football
Someone to Run With (מישהו לרוץ איתו / Mishehu laruts ito, 2000) is a thriller novel by Israeli writer David Grossman. The English edition was published by London by Bloomsbury in 2003, .
The book has received several reviews in international press.
The book was adapted into a film in 2006 of the same name.
In 2019 the book was banned in Russia.
References
2000 novels
20th-century Israeli novels
Israeli novels adapted into films
Book censorship in Russia
Censored books
Ante Kušurin (born June 9, 1983) is a Croatian rower, who specialized in the double scull event.  They are a two-time medalist at the World Junior Rowing Championships, and also a member of the Oxford Blue.
Rowing career
Kusurin started out their sporting career as a basketball player, until they encouraged by their friends to try out for rowing at the age of fourteen. They won two medals for the double sculls at the World Junior Rowing Championships, and also, attained multiple top-ten finishes at the World Under-23 Regatta and at the World Rowing Cup series.
Realizing that they needed funding and a full-time career, Kusurin applied for a full scholarship and took up a business degree in finance at the University of Washington in Seattle. While attending college, they discovered competitive rowing and power training, and suddenly became a full-fledged member of the Washington Huskies Rowing Club. They also served as the captain of the rowing team, and captured numerous gold medals for their collegiate crew at the Pac-10 Rowing Championships, the Windermere Cup, and the San Diego Crew Classic. Although they played for the Washington Huskies during their collegiate career, Kusurin continued to row in their national senior squad annually.
After graduating from the University of Washington in 2007, Kusurin attended the University of Oxford Saïd Business School, where they became a member of the Oxford University Boat Club. They participated twice in The Boat Race, in 2007 and 2009, along with top-class rowers including Great Britain's Colin Smith and New Zealand's George Bridgewater, an Olympic bronze medalist in the coxless pair.
Olympics
Kusurin represented Croatia the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they and their partner Mario Vekić competed for the men's double sculls. The pair directly qualified for the semi-final A/B rounds, after finishing second in the heats, with a time of 6:27.38. Shortly before the rowing competition, Kusurin and Vekic were involved in a bus accident, which killed three Chinese nationals and injured several Australian delegates and their coach Dragutin Milinkovic. While their coach was rushed to a nearby hospital around Beijing, the pair went off to the competition and rowed strongly for a fourth-place finish in the semi-final round, with the fastest possible time of 6:24.89.
Few hours later, Kusurin and Vekic missed out of the final B round, and automatically finished in twelfth overall position. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) and the International Rowing Federation (FISA) had also rejected an appeal sent by the Croatian Olympic Committee (HOO) to include the pair as a seventh scull in the final race.
References
External links
Profile – Washington Huskies
NBC Olympics Profile
Croatian male rowers
Living people
Olympic rowers of Croatia
Rowers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Nova Gradiška
1983 births
Oxford University Boat Club rowers
Alumni of Kellogg College, Oxford
Alumni of Saïd Business School
The 25th San Diego Film Critics Society Awards were announced on January 11, 2021. The nominations were announced on January 8, 2021, with Sound of Metal leading the nominations with eight.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed at the top of each list in bold, while the runner-ups and nominees for each category are listed under them.
References
External links
Official Site
2020
2020 film awards
2020 in American cinema
The 2017 Atlantic Coast Conference football season was the 65th season of College Football play for the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). It was played from August 31, 2017 to January 1, 2018. The Atlantic Coast Conference consisted of 14 members in two divisions. It was part of the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The entire 2017 schedule was released on January 24, 2017. The defending ACC Champions were the Clemson Tigers. The Atlantic Division regular season champions were Clemson, and the Coastal Division regular season champions were Miami. The 2017 ACC Championship Game was played on December 2, 2017, in Charlotte, North Carolina. Clemson defeated Miami by a score of 38–3.
Preseason
ACC Media days
Preseason Poll
The 2017 ACC Preseason Poll was announced following the ACC Football Kickoff meetings in Charlotte, North Carolina on July 13–14. Florida State and Miami were selected to win the Atlantic Division and Coastal Division, respectively. Lamar Jackson of Louisville was voted the Preseason ACC Player of the Year. It was voted on by 167 media members, all of which were in attendance for the ACC Football Kickoff.
ACC Championship Votes
Florida State – 118
Clemson – 35
Louisville – 7
Virginia Tech – 3
Miami – 3
Duke – 1
Atlantic Division
Florida State – 1,108 (121 First place votes)
Clemson – 1,007 (37)
Louisville – 843 (9)
NC State – 658
Wake Forest – 415
Syracuse – 362
Boston College – 283
Coastal Division
Miami – 1,065 (103)
Virginia Tech – 932 (40)
Georgia Tech – 708 (9)
Pittsburgh – 673 (7)
North Carolina – 606 (4)
Duke – 473 (4)
Virginia – 219
Preseason ACC Player of the year
Lamar Jackson, LOU – 113
Deondre Francois, FSU – 23
Christian Wilkins, CLEM – 11
Harold Landry, BC – 8
Jaylen Samuels, NCST – 7
Eric Dungey, CUSE–- 2
Shaquille Quarterman MIA, Ahmmon Richards MIA, Daniel Jones, DUKE – 1
Preseason All Conference Teams
Offense
Defense
Specialist
Source:
Recruiting classes
Coaches
Note: Stats shown are before the beginning of the season
Rankings
Schedule
† denotes Homecoming game
Regular season
Week 1
Week 2
|-bgcolor="#F2F2F2"
| September 9
| 2:30 p.m.
| #16 Miami
| Arkansas State
| Centennial Bank Stadium • Jonesboro, AR
|
| Canceled
|
|-≈
|-≈
The game between Arkansas State and Miami was canceled due to the wake of Hurricane Irma due to travel concerns for the Hurricanes.
The game between Florida State and Louisiana-Monroe, originally scheduled for 7:00 p.m., was moved up to 12:00 p.m. in advance of the arrival of Hurricane Irma, and later cancelled due to inclement weather.
Week 3
|-bgcolor="#F2F2F2"
| September 16
|
| Georgia Tech
| UCF
| Spectrum Stadium • Orlando, FL
|
| Canceled
|
|-≈
The game between Georgia Tech and UCF was canceled due to the wake of Hurricane Irma due to UCF using their stadium for recovery efforts.
Week 4
Week 5
Week 6
The game between Florida State and Miami, originally scheduled to be played on September 16, was moved to October 7 due to the effects of Hurricane Irma.
Week 7
Week 8
Week 9
Week 10
Week 11
Week 12
Week 13
Championship game
Week 14 (2017 ACC Championship Game)
ACC vs other conferences
ACC vs Power 5 matchups
This is a list of the power conference teams (Big 10, Big 12, Pac-12, Notre Dame and SEC). Although the NCAA does not consider BYU a "Power Five" school, the ACC considers games against BYU as satisfying its "Power Five" scheduling requirement. The ACC plays in the non-conference games. All rankings are from the current AP Poll at the time of the game.
Records against other conferences
2017 records against non-conference foes (as of January 2, 2018):
Regular Season
Post Season
Postseason
Bowl games
Rankings are from CFP rankings. All times Eastern Time Zone. ACC teams shown in bold.
Awards and honors
Player of the week honors
All-conference teams
First Team
Second Team
Third Team
ACC Individual Awards
ACC Player of the Year
Lamar Jackson, Louisville
ACC Rookie of the Year
A. J. Dillon, Boston College
ACC Coach of the Year
Mark Richt, Miami
ACC Offensive Player of the Year
Lamar Jackson, Louisville
ACC Offensive Rookie of the Year
A. J. Dillon, Boston College
Jacobs Blocking Trophy
Mitch Hyatt, Clemson
ACC Defensive Player of the Year
Bradley Chubb, NC State
ACC Defensive Rookie of the Year
Brenton Nelson, Virginia
All-Americans
Consensus
Unanimous selection: Bradley Chubb - NC State
Associated Press
AP First Team:
Bradley Chubb - NC State,
Clelin Ferrell - Clemson,
AP Second Team:
Lamar Jackson - Louisville,
Mitch Hyatt - Clemson,
Christian Wilkins - Clemson,
Dorian O'Daniel - Clemson,
Derwin James - Florida State,
AP Third Team:
Tyrone Crowder - Clemson,
Jaylen Samuels - NC State,
Steve Ishmael - Syracuse,
Austin Bryant - Clemson,
Micah Kiser - Virginia,
Tremaine Edmunds - Virginia Tech,
Quin Blanding - Virginia,
Walter Camp
Walter Camp First Team:
Bradley Chubb - NC State
Walter Camp Second Team:
Steve Ishmael - Syracuse,
Mitch Hyatt - Clemson,
Lamar Jackson - Louisville,
Austin Bryant - Clemson,
Christian Wilkins - Clemson,
Micah Kiser - Virginia,
Joe Giles-Harris - Duke,
Derwin James - Florida State,
Quin Blanding - Virginia,
Lukas Denis - Boston College
FWAA
FWAA First Team:
Bradley Chubb - NC State,
Austin Bryant - Clemson,
Derwin James - Florida State,
FWAA Second Team:
Lamar Jackson - Louisville,
Steve Ishmael - Syracuse,
Mitch Hyatt - Clemson,
Clelin Ferrell - Clemson,
Micah Kiser - Virginia,
Quin Blanding - Virginia,
National Award Winners
Bronko Nagurski Trophy – Bradley Chubb - Defensive End, NC State
Broyles Award - Tony Elliott - Co-Offensive Coordinator, Clemson
Walter Camp Coach of the Year Award - Mark Richt - Head Coach, Miami
Campbell Trophy - Micah Kiser - Linebacker, Virginia
Home game attendance
Bold – Exceeded capacity
†Season High
NFL Draft
There were a total of 45 athletes from the Atlantic Coast Conference selected in the 2018 NFL Draft. This was the second most from a single conference in the draft, and the third most from the ACC all–time. Georgia Tech was the only member university to not have a player drafted.
References
Moka Kainga-mataa [Te Kaingamataa/Te Kaingamata/Te Kainga-mata/Te Kainga-mataa] (1790s–1860s) was a Māori rangatira (chief) of the Ngā Puhi iwi from Northland in New Zealand. They were distinguished in war and an intelligent participant in the Treaty of Waitangi process.
Origin and mana
Moka Kainga-mataa was a Ngapuhi chief of Ngai Tawake descent, who along with their brothers Te Wharerahi and Rewa, formed the Patukeha hapū in memory of their slain mother Te Auparo and sister Te Karehu. Their mother and sister had been murdered and their bodies consumed in an attack by the Ngare Raumati Iwi on Okuratope Pa, (Waimate North) in 1800.
Seven years later, in 1807, Moka's father was killed and also consumed, in the battle of Moremonui, when the Ngapuhi went up against the Ngāti Whātua, in what is recognised as the first battle in which Māori utilised firearms.
Musket Wars
Moka and their two brothers Te Wharerahi and Rewa participated in the bloody Musket Wars of the 1820s-1830s, which caused wholesale destruction across the North Island, resulting in numerous deaths, slavery, and the displacement of a large number of people. 'Moka, also known as Te Kainga-mataa, was...a distinguished chief among Hongi's (Hongi Hika) warriors...' Moka took part in numerous battles, such as Mokoia, Te Totara, Matakitaki, and Te Ika-a-ranganui (where they were shot but recovered). During one of these Ngapuhi war raids to the Bay of Plenty, Moka took a wife, Noho Kupenga Tipare, a Whakatohea chieftainess from Opotiki (Bay of Plenty) and they had three sons and a daughter; Te Ahitapu, Rewiri Tarapata, Taawhi, and Hoki 'Peata'.
Role and stance on New Zealand Sovereignty and the Treaty of Waitangi
Despite being relatively overlooked by historians in relation to the Treaty process, Moka is the only Maori chief to have been involved in all three events; these being the Declaration of Independence of New Zealand, Hobson's Proclamations, and Treaty of Waitangi.
The United Tribes Flag/Te Hakituatahi (New Zealand's First Flag)
A meeting was held at Waitangi on 20 March 1834 to decide on an official trading flag for New Zealand (this was due to international trading restrictions and the subsequent seizure of a Maori ship). Approximately 25 chiefs from the Far North (including Moka, Te Wharerahi, and Rewa) as well as a number of missionaries, settlers, and commanders of visiting naval vessels were present. James Busby spoke to the chiefs and a vote was held, with the United Tribes Flag gaining 12/25 votes; as opposed to the other two designs which gained 10/25 votes and 3/25 votes respectively. The results were recorded by one of these chiefs' sons. This flag was hoisted on the flagpole and this was accompanied by a 21-gun salute from HMS Alligator.
Declaration of Independence/He Wakaputanga o te Rangatiratanga o Nu Tireni
Moka and their two brothers were original signatories to the Declaration of the Independence of New Zealand signed at Waitangi on 28 October 1835, which guaranteed the Māori chiefs their sovereignty with this document being officially recognised by the Crown in 1836. A few years later, the Crown could see the benefits to the British Empire in gaining sovereignty over these islands and in 1839 it decided to attempt to annex New Zealand. The Crown decided to achieve this by introducing a new document which would in effect, revoke the Declaration of Independence.
Hobson's Proclamations
Captain William Hobson was sent to New Zealand with the express aim, of ensuring that this new document was formulated and agreed upon by the Maori chiefs and they arrived in the Bay of Islands aboard HMS Herald on 29 January 1840. On 30 January 1840, at the Christ Church, Kororareka, Hobson read a number of proclamations which related to the Crown's intention to extend the territories of New South Wales to include New Zealand, Hobson's own appointment as Lieutenant-Governor of New Zealand, as well as clarify guidelines in relation to land transactions (especially the issue of pre-emption). Moka was present and was the only Māori chief to sign this document Hobson's proclamation signed by inhabitants.
Treaty of Waitangi/Tiriti o Waitangi
On 5 February 1840 the three brothers attended a large hui at Waitangi (400 people) where they had an opportunity to speak publicly about the agreement which became known as the Tiriti o Waitangi or Treaty of Waitangi. Rewa and Moka vigorously opposed the signing, whilst Te Wharerahi sided with the Crown. Rewa informed Hobson that they didn't need the Crown as they were their own rulers, they held sovereignty over New Zealand, and told Hobson to go back to England.
"[Moka]...was an important northern alliance leader, and they threw the weight of their mana behind their brother's opposition to the kawana and the Treaty." Moka asked Hobson a number of pertinent questions, as well as making some telling statements.
William Colenso the CMS mission printer in 1890, published their account of the signing of the Treaty of Waitangi in which some of the speeches are quoted.
Moka said "Let the Governor return to their own country: let us remain as we were. Let my lands be returned to me--all of them--those that are gone with Baker. Do not say, 'The lands will be returned to you.' Who will listen to thee, O Governor? Who will obey thee? Where is Clendon? Where is Mair? Gone to buy our lands notwithstanding the book [proclamation] of the Governor."
They had brought to public attention, the fact that a number of Europeans had been breaking the law in relation to the Proclamation signed only a week prior.
"...Moka did not express concerns that the kawana would have a greater authority than the chiefs'. Instead, their entire concern was focussed on the land question, pre-emption (the only explicit discussion of this part of the Treaty), and whether the kawana would actually have enough authority to enforce pre-emption with Europeans."
On this being interpreted to Hobson; they replied "that all lands unjustly held would be returned; and that all claims to lands, however purchased, after the date of the Proclamation would not be held to be lawful." Following Hobson's explanation, Moka also publicly challenged Charles Baker to return their land, saying "That is good, O Governor! That is straight. But stay, let me see. Yes, yes, indeed! Where is Baker? where is the fellow? Ah, there they is--there standing! Come, return to me my lands." Moka approached the raised platform on which Baker was standing and waited for an answer. This question also served as a test of Hobson's authority and power over their subjects. Baker insulted Moka by whispering "E Hoki Koia?" meaning "Will it indeed return?" and Hobson's lack of understanding of Maori language and subsequent ignorance of this insult saw them take no immediate action. Moka then replied "There! Yes, that is as I said. No, no, no; all false, all false alike. The lands will not return to me."
This public statement was embarrassing for the Crown, as this did not portray the Europeans' behaviour in a positive light.
Later in the proceedings, "...Wharerahi, one of the most important and senior of the northern alliance chiefs, and older brother of Rewa and Moka...now spoke in support of it [Treaty]....He was the first chief to appeal to the idea that having the governor would assist in the creation of peace between the tribes..."
Wharerahi said: "Is it not good to be in peace? We will have this man as our Governor. What! turn them away! Say to this man of the Queen, Go back! No, no." According to Salmond (1997) '...this speech by a very powerful rangatira marked a shift in opinion at the hui.'
Hokianga chiefs Eruera Maihi Patuone and their brother Tāmati Wāka Nene joined Wharerahi and show their support toward the Crown, by arguing for them to remain in New Zealand. The following day, a number of chiefs including Te Wharerahi, decided to sign the Treaty and although Rewa held reservations, eventually they too signed. Although Moka's name appears on the Tiriti o Waitangi (in well-developed English cursive) and the claim by academics and historians that they signed this document, their "mark" is notably absent.
Maori academic Brent Kerehona (Ngapuhi/Whakatohea/Tuhoe/Whanau-a-Apanui), claims that on close inspection, it seems as though Moka was a person of high significance. They were an original signatory to the Declaration of Independence (the same document that the Crown had aimed to revoke), was the only Maori signatory to the Proclamation and after raising specific issues, as well as questioning Hobson about pre-emption and illegal land transactions at the meeting at Waitangi, appears not to have been satisfied with the explanations provided and chose not to sign the Treaty of Waitangi.
References
Primary sources
Declaration of Independence/He Wakaputanga o te Rangatiratanga o Nu Tireni. Dated 28 October 1835. Ref: MS-Papers-1784-277. Alexander Turnbull Library: Wellington.
Proclamation. Dated 30 January 1840. Ref: fms-Papers-227-01. Alexander Turnbull Library: Wellington.
Hobson's proclamation signed by the inhabitants. Dated 30 January 1840. Ref: IA 1, 1840/32 (micro 3626). Archives New Zealand: Wellington.
Letter of congratulation to Governor Hobson from the inhabitants of Kororareka. Dated 30 January 1840. Ref: IA 1, 1840/33. Archives New Zealand: Wellington.
Treaty of Waitangi/Tiriti O Waitangi. Dated 6 February 1840. Ref: IA 9/9. Archives New Zealand: Wellington.
External links
Pittman, B. The Patuone Website. Patuone - A Life. Treaty of Waitangi.
Smith, S. 1910. Maori Wars of the 19th Century.
Waitangi Treaty Copy. New Zealand History Online webpage.
Moka Te Kainga-mataa New Zealand History Online webpage.
Declaration of Independence.
Declaration of Independence. Interactive copy of the document.
Kara The United Tribes flag - New Zealand's first flag
Kerehona, B. "Born For War: New Zealand's Military History - A Family Perspective" Website
Treaty of Waitangi
Musket Wars
1790s births
1860s deaths
Ngāpuhi
Higginsville is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. The area was settled in 1783 by John Higgins and their wife Hester Carmichael. John was from Wiltshire, England and served with the British Army in the 70th Regiment of Foot as a Genadiere in the American Revolutionary War, and subsequently granted 60 acres of land in Shelburne (Port Roseway), Nova Scotia. The land in Port Roseway was very rocky and not fit for farming; they and their wife traveled along the coast until they came to the Musquodoboit River which they followed inland. Hester was pregnant and when they reached the area now known as Higginsville, they spent the night and their first child was born. John and Hester found the area to be good for farming and remained there to raise their family.
Navigator
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
E. Jane, also known by their performance name MHYSA, is an American interdisciplinary new media artist and musician.
Early life and education
Jane was born in Bethesda, Maryland in 1990. Jane graduated from Marymount Manhattan College in 2012 with a Bachelor of Arts in art history. In 2016, they graduated with a Master of Fine Arts in interdisciplinary art from the University of Pennsylvania School of Design.
Career
They have participated in various exhibitions and festivals internationally, including Wandering/WILDING: Blackness on the Internet at IMT Gallery in London in 2016, Post-Cyber Feminist International in 2017, and Glasgow International in 2018. They were based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Jane is currently a 2019–2020 Artist-in-Residence at The Studio Museum in Harlem, and they are based in Brooklyn, New York.
MHYSA
Jane performs under the musical alter ego name, "MHYSA." MHYSA is also a part of the music duo SCRAAATCH, along with collaborator "lawd knows" (who also goes by "chukwumaa"). In 2017, MHYSA released their debut album, . In February 2020, they released the album NEVAEH for Hyperdub.
The New York Times has said MHYSA's work contains a "wobbly, dreamy club sound." Others have noted the performance as referencing or being connected to 1990s R&B music. MHYSA has described themselves as "an underground pop star for the cyber resistance."
Selected works
Lavendra (2015–)
Lavendra is a multimedia installation. It was displayed in exhibitions at the PennDesign MFA Program in 2015 and 2016, and as a solo exhibition at the Brooklyn gallery American Medium in 2017 and the Glasgow International in Scotland in 2018. The installation includes references to 1990s R&B (rhythm and blues) divas, such as portrait collages of 1990s black female musicians and songs selected from the time. Digital performances by MHYSA were shown on monitors, and the room was covered in purple light.
Alive #NotYetDead (2015)
Alive was started in 2015 in response to the death of Sandra Bland. Bland was found hanged in a cell after a traffic arrest in 2015. Jane created a photobooth background with the word "ALIVE" for black women to take pictures with and share on social media using the hashtag #notyetdead. These selfies were uploaded to a website and also displayed in an installation.
Personal life
Jane uses they and them pronouns.
Awards and honors
In 2016, they received the Wynn Newhouse Award.
See also
Womanism
Afrofuturism
References
1990 births
Living people
Non-binary artists
Non-binary musicians
New media artists
21st-century American artists
21st-century American musicians
Musicians from Maryland
Artists from Maryland
People from Bethesda, Maryland
African-American musicians
Womanists
Afrofuturists
Marymount Manhattan College alumni
University of Pennsylvania School of Design alumni
African-American contemporary artists
American contemporary artists
African-American women musicians
21st-century African-American artists
21st-century African-American women
21st-century LGBT people
The Peace River Formation is a stratigraphical unit of middle Albian age in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
It takes the name from the Peace River, and was first described on the banks of the river, downstream from the Smoky River confluence to the mouth of the Notikewin River by McConnell in 1893.
Lithology
The Peace River Formation consists of greywacke, coal, coarse to fine marine sandstone and dark, fissile, non-calcareous shale.
Hydrocarbon production
Gas is produced from the Cadotte Member in northern-western Alberta.
Distribution
The Peace River Formation is thick on average. The formation has different extents at different stages, with the Paddy Member present only in the Peace River Country in northern Alberta south of Clear Hills, while the Cadotte Member and the Harmon Member occur in both Alberta and north-eastern British Columbia.
Physiography
The Peace River Lowland, a landform region in the Alberta Plateau. The landform region is a gently rolling lowland without clearly defined outer boundaries, extending east of the Rocky Mountains on both sides of the Peace River, sloping downward to the north and east. The higher hills in the foothills east of the Rockies in northeastern British Columbia have elevations of about 1000 m and the plains west of Lake Athabasca are about 300 m above sea level. The lowland's Quaternary sediments of the former lake bottom of Glacial Lake Peace are underlain by Upper and Lower Cretaceous sedimentary rocks mainly shales of the Shaftesbury formation and sandstones of the Dunvegan and Peace River formations. The Peace River and its immediate tributaries have incised almost 200 meters into the sediments and into the Cretaceous bedrock in the western section but only about 70 meters in the east side further north around Fort Vermilion.
On the basis of topography and landscape pattern, the area may be subdivided into four local physiographic units: the Peace River Lowland, Otter Lakes Upland, Utikuma Lake Upland, and Clear Hills Upland.
The Peace River Lowland is located in the central part of the area and is dissected by the Peace River. The Otter Lakes Upland in the northeast is a southern extension of the Buffalo Head Hills. It has a rugged moraine topography with steep slopes and isolated hills. Elevations above sea level range from to . The Utikuma Lake Upland in the southeast also ranges from to . The Clear Hills Upland in the west ranges from to .
Relationship to other units
The Peace River Formation is a sub-division of the Fort St. John Group. It is conformably overlain by the Shaftesbury Formation shale and is conformably underlain by the Spirit River Formation.
It is equivalent to the Commotion Formation in British Columbia and to the Scatter Formation in the Liard River area. It correlates to the Buckinghorse Formation in north-eastern British Columbia.
Subdivisions
The Peace River Formation is composed of the following subdivisions from base to top:
The Harmon Member correlates with the Hulcross Shale of the Commotion Formation in British Columbia and the shale member of the Scatter Formation in the Liard River area. The Cadotte Member correlates with the lower part of the Boulder Creek Member of the Commotion Formation and to the sum of the sandy member of the Scatter Formation and the base of the Lepine Formation.
In eastern and central Alberta, the Harmon Member can be correlated to the Joli Fou Formation, and the Cadotte Members with the Viking Formation.
References
Stratigraphy of Alberta
Stratigraphy of British Columbia
Magdalena Spínola (1896–1991) was a Guatemalan teacher, poet and journalist. Orphaned at a young age, they found encouragement from their childhood neighbor Miguel Ángel Asturias for their literary dreams. After graduating from the country's Teacher's College, they taught school at a private academy and began to publish poems.
Though their husband was part of dictator Jorge Ubico Castañeda's cabinet, they became enemies and Efraín Aguilar Fuentes, their husband, was arrested and shot. They were briefly arrested as well and ostracized by many. They were an ardent feminist and became outspoken about political issues after the fall of Ubico's government.
They were the biographer of Gabriela Mistral and one of the first female erotic poets of Central America.
Biography
Magdalena Spínola Stecker was born on 26 December 1896 in Guatemala to Rafael Spínola Orellana and Florencia Strecker Frías Them mother died when they were four years old and a year later their father died. They and their sister, Stella were then split up as well, with Stella going to live with their maternal grandparents and Magdalena sent to live with their paternal grandparents. Spínola's neighbor was Miguel Ángel Asturias, who became their childhood friend and with whom they discussed an awakening love of literature. Asturias would later dedicate their first book to them
Spínola began their schooling at the Dolores y Jesús Muños Kindergarten and then attended the Colegio "Central de Señoritas" under the tutelage of Concepción Saravia de Zirión. They were surprised to discover that their textbook prologue had been written by their father. After a time, they changed schools and began attending Colegio de Señoritas San Rosa. Completing their secondary education, Spínola enrolled in teacher's college at the Instituto Normal Central para Señoritas Belén graduating with their teaching credentials. They got a job at a private school Colegio "Josefina González" for the 1914–1915 term.
Early writing efforts
In 1915, Spínola wrote their first story, entitled Nubia and sent it to Revista Guatemala Informativa, where it was reviewed and accepted by Carlos Wyld Ospina, Virgilio Rodríguez Beteta and Máximo Soto Hall. Buoyed, by their success, they submitted pieces to La República, Revista La Esfera and the prestigious newspaper Quetzaltenango, but soon writing took a back seat as they and Efraín Aguilar Fuentes married and began their family. They quickly had five children, but lost a pair of twins and a baby, leaving them with their daughter, Lilian Eugenia, the oldest, and a son, Rafael, named after their father.
Under the presidency of Manuel Estrada Cabrera, Aguilar's family was persecuted and pushed into exile, first to El Salvador, then Honduras, and finally to Nicaragua. They settled in the city of León, Nicaragua and enrolled in the university there. Spínola, who did not accompany them in exile, revived their literary efforts and other tasks to stay busy. In 1925, inspired by successes in suffrage by women in England, France, and United States Spínola joined with Romelia Alarcón, Laura Bendfeldt, María Albertina Gálvez, Clemencia de Herrarte, Gloria Menéndez Mina, Adriana de Palarea, and Graciela Quan to form the Comité Pro-Ciudadanía to fight for Guatemalan women's suffrage.
Then in 1927, they began writing poetry again beginning with a poem entitled "Amanecida". They published works regularly in the newspapers El Día and Diario de Guatemala and the magazines Eco and Mercurio. Two years later in 1929 they competed in the poetry competition Juegos Florales organized by the Asociación de Periodistas y Escritores de Nicaragua. They won the prize but was stripped of it because they claimed it could not be given to foreign writers. They were disappointed, but entered another contest in December 1929 and won the prize and a monetary award, allowing them to spend Christmas in León with their husband. Them submission was a patriotic piece, Amad a la Patria (Love for the homeland). Three months later, on 27 March 1930, Aguilar graduated with their doctorate in law and returned to Guatemala, joining the cabinet of the newly elected president, Jorge Ubico Castañeda. Spínola had become a collaborator with the newspaper La Noticia and the magazine El Gráfico de Guatemala and life fell into a productive pattern with their writing several hours every day.
Treason, murder and redemption
The calm didn't last. President Ubico announced that they were running for re-election. Aguilar spoke out against it, as it was against the constitution and the two became enemies. Because of an alleged or actual plot, they and others were arrested and shot, Spínola was imprisoned briefly as well and even after their release was shunned by friends and family. They found solace from writing and returned to teaching, working at the Colegio San Sebastián, founded by Monseñor Mariano Rosell y Arellano in 1936 and 1937.
In 1937, they wrote El preámbulo de la maestra and published several poems in the leading woman's magazine of the era, Nosotras. Spínola participated in a 1938 anthology called Colección lila with Angelina Acuña, Olga Violeta Luna de Marroquín, and María del Pilar de Garcia, which was Central America's first women's poetry collection, both written and published by women. The pieces Spínola included in the volume were laments of love lost, physical longing and have hints that they may have been criticizing the government in the only way possible in the highly censored climate. In 1942, Spínola won a literary prize from the weekly journal Verbum for their "Sonetos del amor eucarístico".
With the student revolts, overturn of the Ubico dictatorship and elections of 1944, Spínola's writing took on a more confrontational tone and they openly began to criticize the government and speak of feminism. Them husband was vindicated and elevated to the status as a hero by the leaders of the 1944 revolution. Increasingly they took on political roles and in 1944 alone, they accepted the presidency of the Association of Intellectual Women of Guatemala; became the secretary for the Guatemalan chapter of the Union of American Women (Unión de Mujeres Americanas); and became a board member for both the Alliance for Citizenship of Guatemalan Women and the Social Democratic Party. They also released a poem "Elegía del que cayó" publicly rebuking Ubico's execution of their husband.
In 1946, the government authorized a printing of 1,500 copies of a poetry collection called "Alondra", but though they needed the money, Spínola did not follow through as they were unsatisfied with the quality of the poems. Throughout the 1940s they remained political, joining several organizations promoting peace, women's rights, and in favor of a Palestinian state.
Later career
In the early 1950s, Spínola's son Rafael became a diplomat and had several posts throughout South America. Spínola took advantage of the opportunity to travel, visiting Chile in 1954 and Peru between 1955 and 1956. During these travels they published pieces in various newspapers in Guatemala, especially travel commentaries like "Desde Santiago de Chile" and "Desde la Ciudad de los Reyes" which were published in El Imparcial. For many years, they had kept up a correspondence with the writer Carlos Wyld Ospina, which began in the 1940s. They became engaged in the 1950s and planned to marry, but Wyld died in 1956, before they formalized their relationship.
In 1956, Spínola was honored by a group of Honduran poets and they traveled to Tegucigalpa to lecture about Gabriela Mistral for the group "Ideas". In 1958 they received a certificate of merit from their alma mater, Belén and in 1959 a similar acknowledgment from the Association of Guatemalan Journalists. In 1960, they won the first prize at the Day of the Americas celebration with the work Gabriela Mistral o la madre-maestra cantora. The 1960s were a busy time as they lectured, wrote newspaper articles and critiques of Guatemalan literature, and traveled. They performed their poetry as well, sometimes in recitals and regularly read them on the radio. In 1967, Spínola was diagnosed with a uterine tumor which proved to be malignant. They had surgery and traveled to Chile to rest and recuperate. They were able to realize a dream in 1968, when their first book Gabriela Mistral: huésped de honor de su patria was published in Chile, with a preface by their childhood friend Miguel Ángel Asturias.
They returned from Chile in 1971 for a reunion in the United States with their sister, Stella. But that event was marred when they learned that their daughter Lilian was seriously ill. In April, Lilian died from leukemia and those who knew them said it was the first time grief seemed to defeat Spínola who had lost their parents, husband, three other children, their lover and now their daughter. That same year they received the Gold Medal Francisco Méndez for their contributions to national literature, but they were too grief-stricken to stay in Guatemala and fled back to Chile and their son, Rafael.
In 1977, they published their first collection of poems, Tránsito lírico: poemas. In 1981, Horacio Figueroa Marroquín, published a book called Las nueve musas del parnaso guatemalense, in which they named Spínola one of the nine muses of Guatemala. A few months later, they were awarded the Order of Dolores Bedoya de Molina with the degree of Silver Star by President Lucas García. In 1984, Clara Luz Meneses A. de Soto published Spínola's biography.
Them last years were spent in the company of their grandchildren who had formed the rock band Alux Nahual. In 1990, Spínola's son Rafael died and a few months later, their sister Stella died.
Magdalena Spínola Stecker de Aguilar outlived them all, dying on 7 January 1991.
Selected works
Books
Spínola, Magdalena ; Acuña, Angelina; del Pilar, Marí; Luna, Olga Violeta. Colección lila Guatemala: Talleres Tipográficos Rodríguez (1938) (In Spanish)
Gabriela Mistral; huéspeda de honor de su patria Guatemala: Tipografia Nacional (1968) (In Spanish)
Tránsito lírico: poemas Guatemala: Cultura Centroamericana (1977) (In Spanish)
Poems and essays
El preámbulo de la maestra (1937)
Sonetos del amor eucarístico (1941)
Elegía del que cayó (1944)
Invocación a Santa Rosa de Lima (1956)
Gabriela Mistral o la madre-maestra cantora (1960)
En Vela (1971)
References
Bibliography
1896 births
1991 deaths
Guatemalan women writers
20th-century Guatemalan poets
Guatemalan women poets
Guatemalan feminists
20th-century women writers
Guatemalan suffragists
Amanaki Lotoahea (born 14 April 1990) is a Tongan-born Japanese rugby union footballer who plays as either a fullback or a wing.
Lotoahea currently plays for the Ricoh Black Rams having joined them in 2014. They were initially named in the first ever squad to compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season, but was later dropped from the squad after sustaining an injury.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Tongan rugby union players
Tongan expatriate rugby union players
Tongan expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union wings
Black Rams Tokyo players
Male rugby sevens players
Sunwolves players
Japanese rugby union players
Japan international rugby union players
Walter Rice, also known as Walter L. Rice (1866–1930), was an American architect, inventor, and engineer. They made a career as an architect in Denver, Colorado, particularly for the design of apartment buildings. Several of their buildings are designated National Register of Historic Places. They patented inventions for automobiles.
Early and personal life
Rice was born in Monticello, Iowa in April 1866. They were one of seven children born to Manley and Jane Rice and was raised in Monticello. Their wife, Florence, was born in November 1869 in Iowa. They were married about 1887 and had a daughter, Edith, in November 1889 in Colorado. After a three-year-illness, Rice died in 1930.  They are buried at Fairmount Cemetery in Denver.
Career
Rice began their career in Chicago, Illinois as Chief Engineer for Corn Products Company. They contributed to the process of extracting corn syrup by steam pressure. They moved to Denver in 1889 and between 1890 and 1901 they are listed as a carpenter, draftsman, and then architect. They worked as an architect in Denver, planning the mechanical, electrical and structural engineering for the buildings. They were the partner of Charles Quayle in the firm of Quayle & Rice beginning in 1905.
In 1899, they designed an eclectic-style home at 1800 Gilpin Street. Walter Rice traveled to Mexico and Guatemela in the 19th century, where they developed an interest in Mexican colonial buildings. In 1901, they design and built Cornwall Apartments in the Capitol Hill section of Denver, which may have been the first Mexican Colonial building in Denver. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. It is considered one of the best of Walter Rice's buildings according to Thomas Jacob Noel and Barbara S. Norgren. Other architects later found that the style was better suited to the climate than the prevailing Victorian and European architectural styles.
In 1909, they designed the Eppich Apartments, an example of American Craftsman style architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
By 1913, they had been a building inspector for the city and county of Denver. They were interested in forming laws for building construction. In 1925, they designed two apartment buildings on East Tenth Street, Granada Apartments and Cardenas Apartments. Both are three-story buildings based upon Spanish Colonial and Moorish architectural styles. There are arched bays made of white plaster that contrast with red brick walls, curvilinear parapets, and iron balconies. They worked as a member of the Allied Architects Association from 1923 to 1928. The association was formed to design the City and County Building of Denver. Rice was the architect of the Old Ladies Home at 38th Avenue and Quitman Street.
In 1914 they file a patent for a pneumatic spring for vehicles (patent 1,160,321). They also worked on improvements to carburetor of early automobiles to increase mileage. In 1920, they filed a patent for the Charge-forming device for internal-combustion engines (patent 1,406,416).
References
External links
1866 births
1930 deaths
Architects from Denver
20th-century American inventors
American engineers
Sosaia Tupou Aleamotuʻa (23 November 1961 — 10 February 2013), styled Baron Fielakepa of Havelu, was a Tongan public servant and government minister, and a member of Tonga's hereditary nobility.
Their father Longolongoʻatumai Aleamotuʻa bore the title of "Lord Fielakepa" before him; Sosaia Aleamotuʻa, as the eldest son and second of six children, inherited it upon their father's death in 1997. Though they had an elder sister, the kingdom's thirty-three titles of hereditary nobility may only be held by men. They also inherited the estates attached to the title, and the traditional responsibilities thereupon.
In 1984, they obtained a Bachelor of Laws degree from the University of Auckland in New Zealand, followed by a Master of Laws degree from the International Maritime Law Institute in Malta in 1996. They entered public service in 1986 as Assistant Secretary in the Tongan Ministry of Justice. They were later appointed Private Secretary to King Taufaʻahau Tupou IV, and clerk to the Privy Council of Tonga. In 1998, they were appointed Governor of the Haʻapai district, a position which entitled them ex officio to a seat in the Legislative Assembly, in Cabinet and in the Privy Council.
In 2001, they were appointed Minister for Lands, Survey and Natural Resources, under Prime Minister Prince Tukuʻaho. As minister, they introduced a number of "procedural simplifications" to the policies of their department. From 2008 to 2011, they served as Chairman of the Royal Land Commission.
In 2007, King George Tupou V appointed them Lord Chamberlain - a position which was created for him. Two years later, they were one of the first to be appointed to the equally new position of Law Lord within the Privy Council. They were also one of the only three nobles in Tongan history (at the time) to be elevated to the title of baron (the first having been Baron Vaea in 1970).
Having "suffered from diabetes and heart problems" they died at Auckland City Hospital in New Zealand on 10 February 2013, at the age of fifty-one. Following their death King Tupou VI awarded the Fielakepa title to their younger brother, armed forces commander Tupou Tongapo'uli Aleamotu'a, but this decision was overturned by the Land Court, which ruled in favour of Tupou Tongaliuaki Filo'aulo Aleamotu'a.
References
1961 births
Place of birth missing
2013 deaths
Tongan nobles
University of Auckland alumni
Government ministers of Tonga
Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of Tonga members
Governors of Haʻapai
Ludovic C. Augustin (born 1902, date of death unknown) was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team that won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1902 births
Year of death missing
Olympic shooters of Haiti
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Haiti
Olympic medalists in shooting
Haitian male sport shooters
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
The Sanctuary of Pandion is the name sometimes given to the remains of a building located in the south-east corner of the Acropolis of Athens. Its foundations were found during the excavations for the construction of the Old Acropolis Museum (1865–1874).
The 40m by 17m rectangular open-air building, dating to the later 5th century, was divided into two nearly equal parts by a wall. It faced west-northwest and was entered through a projecting portico on the western side.
The name stems from the presumption that this was the location of the heroon (hero shrine) of Pandion, the eponymous hero of the Attic tribe Pandionis (usually assumed to be one of the two legendary kings of Athens, Pandion I or Pandion II), which was known to be located somewhere on the Acropolis.
Notes
References
Jones, Nicholas F., The Associations of Classical Athens : The Response to Democracy: The Response to Democracy, Oxford University Press, 1999. .
Pausanias, Pausanias Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Robertson, Noel (1996), "Athena's Shrines and Festivals" in Worshipping Athena: Panathenaia and Parthenon, The University of Wisconsin Press.
External links
The Sanctuary of Pandion
Sanctuary of Pandion
Acropolis of Athens
Ancient Greek buildings and structures in Athens
Ancient Greek sanctuaries in Greece
5th-century BC religious buildings and structures
Octavius Brooks Frothingham (November 26, 1822 – November 27, 1895) was an American clergyman and author.
Biography
They were born in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Nathaniel Langdon Frothingham (1793–1870), a prominent Unitarian preacher, and through their mother's family they were related to Phillips Brooks. They graduated from Harvard College in 1843 and from the Divinity School in 1846. On March 23, 1847, they married Caroline Martha Curtis (February 5, 1825 - June 8, 1900).
Pastorates
They were pastored of the North Unitarian church of Salem, Massachusetts, from 1847 to 1855. They broke with this congregation over the issue of slavery. From 1855 to 1860, they were pastored of a new Unitarian society in Jersey City. There they gave up the Lord's Supper, thinking that it ministered to self-satisfaction.
It was as a radical Unitarian that they became pastor of another young church in New York City in 1860. The name of the church was initially the Third Unitarian Congregational Church. From the beginning, Frothingham belonged to the most radical wing of the Unitarians. Indeed, in 1864 they were recognized as leader of the radicals after their reply to Dr Hedge's address to the graduating students of the Divinity School on "Anti-Supernaturalism in the Pulpit."
In 1865, when they had practically given up transcendentalism, their church building was sold and their congregation began to worship in Lyric Hall under the name of the Independent Liberal Church, their connection with the Unitarian denomination being thereby sundered. In 1875, they moved to the Masonic Temple, but four years later ill-health compelled Frothingham's resignation, and the church dissolved. Paralysis threatened him, and they never fully recovered their health. In 1881, they returned to Boston, and devoted themselves to literary work until their death there.
Later life
To the later period of their life belongs their best literary work. While they were in New York, they were for a time art critic of the Tribune. Always themselves on the unpopular side and an able but thoroughly fair critic of the majority, they habitually underestimated their own worth; they were not only an anti-slavery leader when abolition was not popular even in New England, and a radical and rationalist when it was impossible for them to stay conveniently in the Unitarian Church, but they were the first president of the Free Religious Association (1867) and an early and ardent disciple of Darwin and Spencer.
Though always faithful to their radical views, in later years, their judgement grew more generous and catholic. They were a greater orator than a writer, and their sermons in New York were delivered to large audiences, averaging one thousand at the Masonic Temple, and were printed each week; in eloquence and in the charm of their spoken word they were probably surpassed in their day by none save George William Curtis. Personally they seemed cold and distant, partly because of their impressive appearance, and partly because of their own modesty, which made them backward in seeking friendships.
They died at their home in Boston on November 27, 1895. They were cremated, and their ashes were buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery.
Published works
Stories from the Life of the Teacher (1863)
a translation of Ernest Renan's Studies of Religious History and Criticism (1864)
A Child's Book of Religion (1866), and other works of religious teaching for children
several volumes of sermons
Beliefs of Unbelievers (1876)
The Cradle of the Christ: a Study in Primitive Christianity (1877)
The Spirit of New Faith (1877)
The Rising and the Setting Faith (1878), and other expositions of the new faith they preached
Life of Theodore Parker (1874)
Transcendentalism in New England (1876), which is largely biographical
Gerrit Smith, a Biography (1878)
George Ripley (1882), in the American Men of Letters series, a biography of George Ripley
Memoir of William Henry Channing (1886)
a life of David Atwood Wasson (1889)
Boston Unitarianism: Study of the life and work of Nathaniel Langdon Frothingham, 1820-1850 (1890), really a biography of their father
Notes
References
External links
1822 births
1895 deaths
Harvard Divinity School alumni
19th-century Unitarian clergy
American religious writers
American biographers
American male biographers
American abolitionists
Harvard College alumni
Burials at Mount Auburn Cemetery
Rick Dickinson (c. 1957 – 24 April 2018) was a British industrial designer who developed pioneering computer designs in the 1980s. Notable examples of their design work include the ZX81 case and touch-sensitive keyboard and the ZX Spectrum's rubber keyboard.
Early life
Dickinson graduated from Newcastle Polytechnic in 1979 with a First Class Bachelor of Arts honours degree in Design for Industry. The "Design for Industry" degree was the first of its kind, formerly a three-year "Industrial Design" degree. The new course, with two additional terms for industrial placements, extended the degree to four years and popularised the term "sandwich course".
Sinclair
Dickinson joined Sir Clive Sinclair's Sinclair Research Ltd in December 1979, replacing John Pemberton who was leaving Sinclair to head up a new design centre for ITT in Harlow. Sinclair Research offices were at 6 Kings Parade, Cambridge.
Dickinson was the in-house industrial designer of Sinclair Research Ltd. They saw John Pemberton's design for the ZX80 case through to completion and designed a memory expansion. They went on to design the ZX81, including its touch-sensitive keyboard, a "clear step forward" in home computer design. In the rubber keyboard for the ZX Spectrum, they replaced the hundreds of components of a conventional keyboard with a design using "maybe four or five moving parts". Along with its colour display, engineered by Richard Altwasser, and commercialisation by Sir Clive Sinclair, the Spectrum popularised home computing, coding and gaming. Dickinson also designed the TV80 casing and Sinclair QL.
The ZX81 won a British Design Council award in 1981. It won a Haus Industrieform award and is in a permanent collection in Essen. The Sinclair QL won an Italian design award at the Smau Industrial Design Award.
Post-Sinclair
In 1986, they founded Dickinson Associates, an industrial design consultancy based in Cambridge. That year they produced the industrial design for an early laptop computer, the Cambridge Z88. In 1987 they were commissioned by Alan Sugar to create the industrial design concept for Amstrad's first portable computer.
In 1989, Dickinson, Christopher Curry (Acorn Computers), and Keith Dunning re-thought the MacArthur field microscope and Dickinson designed the Lensman microscope, a portable field microscope. In 1990–91 the Lensman microscope won the BBC design awards, The Prince Of Wales Award For Industrial Innovation And Production, and the Archimedes award for Engineering Excellence.
Dickinson met Apple founder Steve Jobs numerous times as they shared ideas for the MacBook in 1994.
They produced the industrial design concepts and models of the first "Broad Band phone" for AT&T. Dickinson Associates created the industrial design, mechanical design, and production engineering design for the first GSM mobile phone "reference phone" design, for Rockwell. Dickinson Associates were also the designers of the Gizmondo handheld console (originally the Gametrac).
In 2014, they published concept designs for modern Sinclair microcomputers. The following year, Dickinson published a series of images of the ZX Spectrum Next re-imagining the original Spectrum design. In 2016, they designed a wireless patch for a medical system to allow expectant mothers to monitor fetal heart rates. They also worked on the design of the ZX Spectrum Vega+ handheld games console. The first ZX Spectrum Next was delivered in February 2020.
Personal life and death
Dickinson had two daughters, Grace and Daisy, with their first wife Kim.  They are survived by them and by their second wife Elizabeth ("Lizzy").
Dickinson died on 24 April 2018 while in Texas receiving further treatment for cancer first diagnosed in 2015.
See also
List of English inventors and designers
References
External links
Rick Dickinson interview: The Enigma of Design Part 1, Part 2 and Part 3
Rick Dickinson interview: Designer Update Part 1 and Part 2
Planet Sinclair – Rick Dickinson
Sinclair User magazine, Modest award winner sets the pace in micro design, August 1982
Patents: ZX80, ZX81 and ZX Spectrum
The Brits Who Designed the Modern World Artsnight – Series 4: 7, BBC Two
1950s births
2018 deaths
British industrial designers
British inventors
Sinclair Research
Deaths from cancer in Texas
Alumni of Northumbria University
Product designers
Year of birth uncertain
Spartaco Cesaretti (19 January 1921 – 28 February 1984) was a Sammarinese former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1921 births
1984 deaths
Sammarinese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of San Marino
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Saint Peregrinus was the Bishop of Terni, and was credited for founding the city's cathedral.
References
138 deaths
2nd-century Christian saints
2nd-century Italian bishops
Italian saints
Year of birth unknown
The Watermill Museum Brüglingen (Mühlemuseum Brüglingen) is housed within the former watermill and stands in the lower plain of Brüglingen, in the sub-district "Neue Welt", Münchenstein, in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.
Geographical location
The geographical area Brüglingen is a plain region that lies along the western bank of the river Birs between St. Jacob an der Birs (now part of Basel) and Münchenstein. The region called "Neue Welt" (the new world) evolved as the industry started to establish itself around the upper end of the "St. Alban-Teich", an artificial canal constructed during the 12th century to bring water and water power to the industry in Basel.
The late Gothic mill is situated directly below the Villa Merian and its English Garden. The Villa stands upon the elevated area above the Brüglinger plain.
History
The hamlet and the mill between "Neue Welt" and St. Jakob an der Birs are mentioned in a deed in 1259 as being owned by the Basel Dompropstei (Provost's Church). Until the 16th century the mill was worked by a tenant who, in return, held the milling monopoly for the Dompropstei estate. Because the mill was situated upon a small hamlet of the river Birs, its existence was subject to flooding or water shortage.
In the 16th century the mill was rebuilt and during the years 1624/25, the canal was prolonged through Brüglingen and the former watermill stood on the bank of the hamlet that was exploited for this prolongation towards the Birs waterfall in Münchenstein, from where the water is sidetracked. In 1777 the mill was refurbished to to inhabit the miller.
In 1811 Christoph Merians senior bought the Brüglingen farm with the mill. In 1824 they gave it to their son Christoph Merian as wedding present. The Christoph Merian Stiftung refurbished the mill 1824 to a grain mill. Operating the mill continued until 1925, as from when it was used solely for storing grain for the estate.
The building has been used since 1966 as museum. New museum strategies were entered in 2002 and now the former watermill offers an exhibition on the history of the mill and millers' daily work from the Bronze Age up to the present day. The mill and the grinder are still functional, therefore the museum shows the entire process from the water wheel to the water powered mechanism of the rotating mill wheel and grinders.
References
External links
Merian Park Brüglingen
Museen Baselland
Münchenstein
Mill museums in Switzerland
Museums in Basel-Landschaft
History museums in Switzerland
Binghamton is an unincorporated community in Solano County, California, United States. The community is on California State Route 113 south of Dixon.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Solano County, California
Nebojša Dugalić (; , born 17 May 1970) is Serbian actor, theater director and drama professor.
Career
Dugalić completed the elementary and high school in their hometown Kraljevo, and graduated to the Faculty of Dramatic Arts of the University of Arts in Belgrade in 1994.
Acting
Dugalić's home theater was the National Theater in Belgrade, but in 2000 they left the professional position there to pursue teaching career. They also acted in a number of plays in other Belgrade theaters, including Madlenianum, Terazije Theater and Yugoslav Drama Theater. During their career, they received a number of awards, including:
Cesare in "Mask" by Miloš Crnjanski – Annual Award of the National Theater
Sigismund in Life is a Dream by Pedro Calderón de la Barca – Annual Award of the National Theater, award "Milivoje Živanović" in Požarevac
Petar in Govorna mana by Goran Marković – Sterija Award, award "Ljubiša Jovanović" in Šabac, critics' award for best acting achievement in 1998–99 season
Karađoz in The Damned Yard by Ivo Andrić – Sterija Award, "Zoran Radmilović" award, audience award on Sterijino Pozorje, award "Milivoje Živanović"
four "Golden Knights" and two "Silver Knight" on the "Golden Knight" International Theater Festival in Russia
award for directing Putujuće pozorište Šopalović, Šabac
audience award for directing Omer paša Latas, Brčko
Robert in Betrayal by Harold Pinter – 2014 "Miloš Žutić" award by the Union of Drama Artists of Serbia
In 2010, they directed and played in monodrama Confession of Dmitry Karamazov, based on Dostoyevsky's The Brothers Karamazov, for which they received the Silver Knight in Moscow and opened the first Festival of Monodrama and Pantomime in Zemun.
Teaching
Dugalić has a long teaching career with the Academy of Arts, Belgrade, a private university specialized in drama arts. They became an assistant professor in 2001, and full professor in 2007. They were the dean on the same Academy for the school year 2015/2016. They helped establish the "Integration Workshop", a Belgrade theater for blind and visually impaired actors.
Personal life
Dugalić lives with their wife Dragana in Belgrade. They have five children, three sons and two daughters.
References
External links
Serbian male stage actors
Serbian theatre directors
21st-century Serbian male actors
1970 births
Living people
People from Kraljevo
Male actors from Belgrade
Miloš Žutić Award winners
Zoran Radmilović Award winners
Theatre people from Belgrade
The Telegraph-Journal is a daily newspaper published in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. It serves as both a provincial daily and as a local newspaper for Saint John. The newspaper is published by Brunswick News. The Telegraph-Journal is the only New Brunswick-based newspaper to be distributed province-wide and has the highest readership in the province at a weekly circulation of 233,549 and a daily readership of about 100,000.
Brunswick News also publishes a series of editions of regional news, including editions in Fredericton and Moncton under the titles Daily Gleaner and Times & Transcript, respectively. Corporate management is based in Saint John.
History
The paper has been published out of Saint John since 1862. Capitalist Kenneth Colin (K.C.) Irving, without formal announcement bought New Brunswick Publishing and the Telegraph-Journal, as well as a local Saint John radio station CHSJ in 1944. Eventually word got out that Irving had bought the paper as they began purchasing others in the province.
Controversies
The Telegraph-Journal has been the focus of controversy several times over recent years, with allegations of media control, bias and advocacy journalism on behalf of business and political interests. A report from the Canadian Senate in 2006 on media control in Canada singled out New Brunswick because of the Irving companies' ownership of all English-language daily newspapers in the province, including the Telegraph-Journal. Senator Joan Fraser, author of the Senate report, stated, "We didn't find anywhere else in the developed world a situation like the situation in New Brunswick." The report went further, stating, "the Irvings' corporate interests form an industrial-media complex that dominates the province" to a degree "unique in developed countries." At the Senate hearing, journalists and academics cited Irving newspapers' lack of critical reporting on the family's influential businesses.
Irving family scion Jamie Irving took over as publisher in 2005, after which criticism of the Telegraph-Journals journalism became even more prevalent. This was particularly notable during the newspaper's reporting of issues related to electricity rates and NB Power, the crown corporation responsible for power generation and distribution. Editorials argued against rate increases that would harm J.D. Irving Ltd but failed to acknowledge the conflict of interest.
In 2009 the Telegraph-Journal weathered a storm of national attention after a series of incidents that raised issues regarding the newspaper's credibility. The Telegraph-Journal faced charges of political bias when it fired intern Matt McCann for writing a story about a protest against the award by the University of New Brunswick of an honorary degree to New Brunswick Premier Shawn Graham. In response to the firing, respected professors from the University of New Brunswick, Mount Allison University and St. Thomas University announced a boycott of the newspaper.
Further controversy arose over the Telegraph-Journals reporting of municipal affairs in Saint John. The newspaper ran a series of stories alleging mismanagement and inappropriate conduct by the City Manager and senior staff, based on what were later seen as fabrications, and faced allegations that it was using negative coverage to blackmail the City into making changes in administration and the tax rate. This led to a very public conflict between the Mayor and the newspaper.
Shortly after, in the "Wafergate" affair, Telegraph-Journal editors altered a news story about the funeral of Lieutenant Governor Romeo LeBlanc to allege that the Prime Minister of Canada 'pocketed' a communion wafer while attending. The resulting controversy dominated national news coverage. Embarrassingly, the Telegraph-Journal was later forced to retract the allegation and apologize for fabricating the story after its own reporters threatened a lawsuit over editorial manipulation. The newspaper's credibility suffered further under critical national media attention. Editor Shawna Richer was dismissed and publisher Jamie Irving was suspended. A well-respected editor was brought in from outside the province to rehabilitate the publication, though Jamie Irving quietly returned to manage the Telegraph-Journal later in the year.
Controversy continued in 2009 when a Telegraph-Journal writer plagiarized an entire story from the French-language paper, L'Acadie Nouvelle. The incident triggered another apology from the Telegraph-Journal.
In 2015 the Telegraph-Journal once again came under scrutiny over its efforts to obtain, as part of a campaign for greater transparency into government lobbying and partisanship, lists of guests at the Government of New Brunswick's "Larry's Gulch" luxury fishing lodge. An employee of Brunswick News, the newspaper's parent organization, had been a guest at the lodge and contrived to have their own name deleted from the lists prior to publication. Brunswick News had become aware of this ethical breach but didn't act until another news outlet, Canadaland, was about to break the story. The employee was forced out, and despite its earlier fervour for transparency the Telegraph-Journal quietly dropped further efforts to publish Larry's Gulch guest lists. Court proceedings in 2019 suggested that greater Irving family control over the newspaper's editorial direction was a factor in how the organization handled this affair.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
Mass media in Saint John, New Brunswick
Brunswick News publications
Daily newspapers published in New Brunswick
Publications established in 1862
1862 establishments in New Brunswick
Diabloroter is a Carboniferous genus of brachystelechid 'microsaur' from the Mazon Creek lagerstätte in Illinois. It was named in 2019 by Arjan Mann and Hillary C. Maddin.
History of study
The genus name is derived from the roots diabolus ("devil"), which refers to the stark red color of the latex peels used in the original study, and rota ("wheel") to refer to the English rotavator (a digger), which in turn refers to the fossorial ecology of recumbirostrans. The species name honors American paleontologist John Bolt. The taxon is represented by a single, nearly complete skeleton that was collected from the Sunspot Mine at Mazon Creek, Illinois.
Anatomy
Mann and Maddin (2019) diagnose Diabloroter by the following features: (1) long maxilla; (2) skull roof ornamented with radiating grooves; (3) circular pits on the prefrontal; and (4) a narrow and blunt snout. They differentiate it from the European Batropetes by: (1) reduced lengthening of the mid-dorsal ribs; and (2) a less robust pectoral girdle. They also differentiate it from the North American Quasicaecilia by: (1) less rounded skull; (2) reduced contribution of the nasals to the snout; and (3) more extensive lateral cheek.
The holotype measures approximately 5.3 cm in length with a 0.92 cm long skull.
Relationships
Below is the strict consensus topology recovered by the maximum parsimony analysis of Mann & Maddin (2019):
References
Lepospondyli
Carboniferous amphibians
Carboniferous animals of North America
Carboniferous Idaho
Fossil taxa described in 2019
A Level is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala Teen drama film directed by Rohan Perera and produced by Susara Dinal for Maharaja Entertainments. It stars Jayalath Manoratne, Chandani Seneviratne and Umali Thilakarathne in lead roles along with many new coming teen crew. Music composed by Suresh Maliyadde. The muhurath ceremony was held at the Savoy Theatre, Wallawatte. Despite the film received mixed critical acclaim and film made the record box office during its screening. It is the 1293rd Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.
Plot
After getting through the O/L Examination with outstanding results, Anuththara with their friends eagerly look forward to experiencing their final years in school as seniors in the A/L class. They befriend Ahinsa and the other new girls who join their school. Ahinsa draws everyone's attention for their smartness as well as their cheerful yet mysterious behaviour. Them irregular school attendance and the rumours circulating about her, make the others suspect that there's a hidden story behind them cheerfulness.
Cast
Jayalath Manoratne as Uncle
Chandani Seneviratne as Lady lawyer
Umali Thilakarathne as Parami
Thumindu Dodantenna as Nissanka
Jayani Senanayake as Sylvia Fernando
Meena Kumari as Anuththara's mother
Chamila Peiris as School principal
Dasun Nishan as Lawyer
Jayaratne Galagedara as Principal
Janvi Apsara as Sihini, Parami's daughter
Sachira Wijesinghe as Anuththara
Lahiruka Ekanayake as Ahinsa
Kasun Madhusankha as Yomal
Chamath Randeni as Ravindu
Wathsala Shashimal as Ashan
Niwarthana Dewage as Yahani
Keshali Rajapakse as Suba
Viraj Dhanusha as Kalpa
Soundtrack
1st single of the soundtrack; Mathakayan by Nadeemal Perera was released under M Entertainment label on 24 November 2017. 2nd song in the film was released on 14 December 2017.
Lyrics of both tracks were penned by director Rohan Perera with Suresh Maliyadde's music
Accolades
References
External links
විභාගෙ වගේද චිත්‍රපටය කියලා හිතුණා - Keshali Rajapaksha
2017 films
2010s Sinhala-language films
Richard Link is a Canadian composer, musical director, teacher, and performer presently living in London, England. An accomplished pianist, they often music directs, conducts, and plays for their own productions.
Personal history and education
Link was born in Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada. After graduating from high school, they moved to Edmonton, Alberta, where they attended the University of Alberta and graduated with a bachelor of music degree. They worked professionally in Edmonton as a composer, musical director, and teacher until 1996 when they moved to San Francisco, California. They studied kinesiology and taught musical theatre at San Francisco State University.
They attended John F. Kennedy University where they completed a master's degree in Holistic Health Education. In their masters thesis Art as a Spiritual Practice, they developed a new methodology for teaching performing arts. Their thesis asserts that honoring the individual—and focusing on the process, not the product—creates the best possible performance, and ironically, the best final product.
In 2006, Link moved to London, where they continue to compose, teach, music direct, and perform.
As a teacher of musical performance and composition, Richard has mentored students in Canada, the United States, and the UK, including:
Lecturer and Course Leader of the Actor Musician Program, London College of Music ( 2010 – 2021)
Guest Lecturer at Chichester University (2021)
Compositions - Theatre
The majority of Link's compositions are musical theatre and choral works. They have also scored music for film, video, television, and dance.
Their musical theatre works include over 15 one- and two-act musicals, plus music for plays and incidental music. Musicals include Wrenched, Popsicle Puppets are Essential Too, A Little Princess, Alberto the Dancing Alligator, Dream World, The Painter's Dream, and Watch Me Shine. Three of their musicals were written for Children's Musical Theatre San Jose as part of their "Theater as Digital Activity (TADA)" program.
Link has written an extensive body of choral music, both secular and sacred. Secular works include three choral works, Songs for Us, Woven Together, and Four Seasons, all for SATB mixed chorus. He's also written song cycles and art songs, mostly for one or two voices and piano, and has set three of Vikram Seth's poems to music. Their sacred music compositions include anthems and liturgical music.
Link has also crafted popular music. They teamed with Niall Vignoles, co-writing and playing on all songs on the full-length CD "Hard As Nails".
Heels of Glory had a three week run at the Chelsea Theatre in London in June of 2016 and was chosen by Live Theatre UK as one of the top 10 new musicals in June 2016.
Six Nights in Naples was performed at the London College of Music in November 2015 and at the Charing Cross Theatre in June 2016.
Gideon's Dream was performed at the Theater Nestroyhof Hamakan in Vienna in 2008 and at the San Francisco Jewish Community Center in 2006.
Recent commissions include:
Lysistrata – London College of Music Nov 2018
Nell Gwynn - LCM March 2018
Twelfth Night – LCM Feb 2018
Doctor Faustus – Ridley College (Canada) March 2018
Vinegar Tom – Ridley College November 2017
Twelfth Night – University of British Columbia 2014
Caucasian Chalk Circle – University of British Columbia Sept 2013; subsequently performed at the University of Michigan Nov 2013 and Ridley College Feb 2016
The Book of Job – Engineered Theatre, Calgary Alberta Feb 2013
Compositions - Film and Television
Born at Home NFB documentary
Blood Clan (1990)
Musical direction
Link has directed over 100 shows, from well known shows by contemporary composers to obscure musical theatre pieces. Their direction credits are fairly evenly distributed between professional theatre companies, high schools and colleges, fringe theatre, community theatre, and summer stock.
Awards
Winner, 1994/1995 Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Award for outstanding composition and design.
Winner, 1992/1993 Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Award for outstanding musical direction.
Nominee, 1990/1991 Elizabeth Sterling Haynes Award for outstanding musical direction.
Sources and external links
Official site
Children's Musical Theater San Jose
Elizabeth Haynes Sterling Awards
People from Medicine Hat
Musicians from Alberta
Canadian male composers
San Francisco State University alumni
John F. Kennedy University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Preston is an unincorporated community in Sonoma County, California, United States. The community is on U.S. Route 101 north of Cloverdale.
History
Preston derives its name from Madame Emily Preston (née Burke), a faith healer who established a religious colony and health resort at their husband's ranch in 1875. Revenue from Preston's ministry and the settlement of followers in the area led to the construction of a church, railroad depot, post office, and a commercial district on both sides of the Russian River. The community began a slow decline after Preston's death in 1909, continuing to hold services into the 1940s.
Most of the buildings associated with the Preston community were destroyed in a wildfire in 1988.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Sonoma County, California
The Italian ambassador in Tel Aviv is the official representative of the Government in Rome to the Government of Israel.
List of representatives
References
Israel
Italy
The 2013–14 season is Hartlepool United's 93rd competitive season and their first season in League Two since 2006–07. Along with competing in League Two, the club will also participate in the FA Cup, League Cup and League Trophy. The season covers the period from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2014.
Players
Current squad
Transfers
Transfers in
Transfers out
League Two
League table
Results summary
Results by matchday
Matches
FA Cup
League Cup
References
Hartlepool United F.C. seasons
Hartlepool United
2010s in County Durham
White Dragon is the name of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel comics.
Publication history
The first version of White Dragon first appeared in Iron Man #39 and was created by Gerry Conway and Herb Trimpe.
The second version of White Dragon first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #184 and was created by Marv Wolfman and Ross Andru.
Fictional character biography
First White Dragon
The origin of the original White Dragon is unknown. At some point in their past, they served as a scientist in a Chinese organization called the Council of Nine. While the scientists of the Council of Nine are known to be brilliant, their special scientific abilities were brought to question by the Council of Nine. The scientist lost face and went into self-exile until they can prove himself. They were joined by their lover Shara-Lee (who was also the daughter of the man who had denounced him).
Becoming White Dragon, they had their agents plant gas bombs in the car of Tony Stark. Tony succumbed to the gas and drove off the bridge where they were saved from drowning by White Dragon's agents. Tony Stark was brought into White Dragon's submarine where they were placed in the Transcriber, a device that enabled White Dragon to reprogram their mind. Upon being released by White Dragon, Tony Stark began making new weapons and called a meeting at the United Nations to discuss their plans. White Dragon planned to have Tony Stark create new weapons that would fail and disgrace the United States. All the weapons that would be made would be junked leaving the United States defenseless and enable White Dragon to infiltrate and destroy the United States' Department of Defense. Not much later, Tony Stark became Iron Man which weakened the transmission that White Dragon placed in their mind. Iron Man learned that they were manipulated and began tracking the transmission. When White Dragon detected the lost contact with Tony Stark and the approaching of Iron Man, White Dragon sent their armored agents to fight Iron Man. The armored agents defeated Iron Man, but were defeated when the Avengers arrived. The armored agents fled while Iron Man leaves to figure out what is wrong with him. When their efforts with Tony Stark is a failure, White Dragon initiated the self-destruct of the device they placed in Tony Stark's head. The device did not harm Tony Stark since the Iron Man armor only enabled Iron Man to be knocked unconscious. Upon crashing to the ground, they were rescued by their ally Kevin O'Brien. Upon viewing the footage of Iron Man crashing to the ground, White Dragon correctly reasoned that Tony Stark was Iron Man.
White Dragon had their agents plant a nuclear weapon on the East River near the United Nations where it would destroy the council that was present at Tony Stark's meeting. Tony Stark knew that there was something awry with the weapons that were produced which they had no memory of creating and cancelled the meeting. White Dragon tried to take control of Tony Stark, but they got into their Iron Man armor and the Transcriber's power has been drained trying to get through the Iron Man armor. White Dragon sent their armored agents after Iron Man again. When White Dragon's armored agents knocked Iron Man into the river, Iron Man had an advantage where they manage to disable them and their undersea crafts. Iron Man then destroyed the blast tanks of White Dragon's submarine causing it to sink to the bottom of the river. White Dragon was stunned by Iron Man's attack on the submarine, but Shara-Lee was fully conscious when Iron Man boarded the submarine. Shara-Lee revealed that they were in control the whole time and that White Dragon was a pawn. After Iron Man left to see if the Stark Industries plant had exploded upon the bombs that were sent there, White Dragon recovered upon hearing Shara-Lee calling them a dupe and activated the self-destruct sequence which destroyed the submarine that they and Shara-Lee were in.
White Dragon II
The origin of the second White Dragon is unknown.  They are the leader of the Dragon Lords in Chinatown where they tried to force Philip Chang (who had owned a restaurant in New York City with their aunt and uncle) to join them. Philip was rescued by Spider-Man who then defeated White Dragon and handed them over to the police.
A gang was started in Chinatown where White Dragon has killed the leader of the Tiger's Claw gang (which also wanted Philip Chang to join up with them). White Dragon then smoked Philip and their uncle out of their restaurant. In the nick of time, Spider-Man arrived with Moon Knight to help Philip. White Dragon then beat up Philip when they refuse to fight back and Spider-Man prevented the bombing of their restaurant. White Dragon was then defeated by Moon Knight who discovered that White Dragon was working with Kingpin to seize control over Chinatown.
In Hogan's Alley, Prowler worked with their brother Abe into fighting a gang of criminals that were attacking homeless people. Abe took a knife to the leg protecting Prowler and sent them after the last gang member. White Dragon stepped out of the shadows and attacked Abe. When White Dragon was about to use their fire breath on Abe, they are shot in the arm by a homeless man named Shark. White Dragon dropped their mask and ignited an incendiary device in it which caused a diversion enough for them to escape.
During the Dark Reign storyline, Mister Negative killed some of White Dragon's men in Sunset Park to gain control of Chinatown. Shortly after that, White Dragon joined up with Hood's crime syndicate where Hood sent them to supervise all operations there with their Dragon Lords including Mister Negative's business. White Dragon had a meeting with Mister Negative stating that Hood is going to take over their business and that Mister Negative was going to pay 65% of all their earnings to Hood. White Dragon was surprised that Mister Negative agreed to it, but then Mister Negative shook White Dragon's hand to corrupt him. Upon being sent back to Hood, the corrupted White Dragon attacked Hood's allies Bloodshed, Lightmaster. Spot, Squid, and White Rabbit while informing Hood that all Tong stood behind Mister Negative to keep Hood out of Chinatown. Hood then shot White Dragon several times and the seemingly-dead White Dragon returned to their uncorrupted state.
A character that resembles White Dragon's corrupted appearance was sent by Mister Negative to kidnap Boomerang from prison. The villain was defeated by Jackpot.
White Dragon shows up alive in London, where they become embroiled in a conflict with the local triad leader Skull-Crusher. They send Razor Fist to kill Skill Crusher's lover and undercover MI-6 agent Leiko Wu, in Chinatown. When Leiko's ex-lover Shang-Chi arrives in London to investigate their murder, White Dragon sends their assassins to kill him, only to be repeatedly thwarted by the Master of Kung Fu. During their skirmishes with White Dragon, Shang-Chi, with the help of Skull-Crusher, the Daughters of the Dragon and the Sons of the Tiger discover that White Dragon has access to the Mao Shan Pai, a powerful Chinese black magic. When Shang-Chi and Skull-Crusher arrive at White Dragon's estate to fight him, they are captured by Shang-Chi's brother, Midnight Sun, who reveals themselves to be the true mastermind behind White Dragon's actions. Midnight Sun plans to use the Mao Shan Pai to gain power and influence over the triad clans and since the ritual requires the heads of the clan leaders, White Dragon willingly offers their life to Midnight Sun, who then proceeds to decapitate them and Skull-Crusher. However the ritual becomes botched as Skull-Crusher secretly made Leiko the leader of their clan, which resurrects Leiko from their blood. Leiko uses their newfound powers to summon the spirits of the dead triad leaders, including White Dragon, to drag Midnight Sun into their realm. White Dragon's men and Razor Fist are arrested by Black Jack Tarr and MI-6 when they storm White Dragon's estate to rescue Shang-Chi.
White Dragon III
A third White Dragon appeared where they led their henchmen into a gunfight with Owl's gang. White Dragon and Owl were brutally beaten up by the Superior Spider-Man (Doctor Octopus' mind in Peter Parker's body). The remainder of White Dragon's gang that evaded capture were recruited by Goblin King to join the Goblin Nation.
Powers and abilities
The first White Dragon was a talented inventor and scientist with a genius-level intellect.
The second White Dragon is an expert martial artist. They can also shoot gas or fire through the nostrils of their dragon mask. Their costume also contains steel claws.
References
External links
White Dragon I at Marvel Wiki
White Dragon II at Marvel Wiki
Marvel Comics supervillains
Marvel Comics martial artists
Fictional inventors
Spider-Man characters
Triad (organized crime)
Frank Loughran (31 January 1931 – 11 January 2008) was a Belfast-born footballer who was considered to be one of the pioneers of the sport in Australia. Loughran moved to Australia at the age of 23 with their wife Lily and two small sons.
Club career
Loughran grew up in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast and spent their early football career at amateur club Brantwood.
After settling in Melbourne, they joined their brother-in-law Andy at Moreland Soccer Club. They showed such skill and potential for the Victorian Division 1 team that they soon caught the eye of both Victoria and Australian selectors. They made their debut for Moreland on 3 April 1954 at Fawkner Park in South Yarra. They scored once in a 7-1 victory.
Loughran scored for Moreland in their 2-1 victory over Juventus in the 1957 final of the Dockerty Cup, played at Olympic Park in Melbourne. Also in 1957 they helped Moreland finish second in Victorian Division 1, which saw the club promoted to the Victorian State League.
In total, would enjoy eight years at Moreland before retiring at the end of the 1961 season.
International career
Loughran represented the Socceroos at various levels between 1955 and 1960. A midfielder, Loughran played a total of eight full international matches for Australia scoring two goals, one each against Japan and New Zealand.
In total they represented Australia 38 times, mostly in B internationals, scoring 22 goals. They added another 20 in 25 matches for Victoria.
Loughran first represented their adopted country in July 1955 when they turned out for an Australian XI in a B international against South China. They scored twice. Their first senior cap came on 3 September 1955 at Brisbane Cricket Ground in a 0-3 defeat to South Africa.
Also in 1955, they would play their part in a further two matches with South Africa, which both ended in defeat, and appearing in two more B internationals.
Loughran represented Australia at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics, the first time Australia took part in the Olympic soccer tournament. They scored in the opening match at Olympic Park, a 2-0 win against Japan. They lost their second match to India 4-2.
In 1957, Australia only played B games hosting FK Austria, Ferencváros and Eastern Athletic from Hong Kong. The following year, the international B team played a series of matches against Blackpool, who featured Stanley Matthews.
Loughran scored in the first of these games. Later in 1958, Loughran was part of the Australia squad that embarked on a ten match tour of New Zealand. The Australians played two tests against New Zealand and the remainder of games against local representative and club sides. Loughran scored in the first senior game.
Their final game in an Australia shirt came on 16 May 1959 in a 1-7 defeat in Brisbane to the touring Hearts side.
Their success helped them become an inaugural inductee to the Australian Football (Soccer) Hall of Fame in February 1999.
They were invested with the Medal of Excellence at the ceremony. This is awarded for distinguished service or contributions to football in Australia, whether at state/territory level, nationally or internationally.
Full international caps and goals
Scores and results list Australia's goal tally first.
Miscellaneous
Loughran was invited to take part in the Torch Relay for the 2000 Sydney Olympics.
Death
They died, aged 77, after a short illness.
References
External links
Obituary
Football Federation Australia
Retire Autumn 2005
Moreland FC results and fixtures 1957
Australia: Team of the Century
1931 births
2008 deaths
Australia international soccer players
Footballers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Olympic soccer players of Australia
Association footballers from Belfast
Soccer players from Melbourne
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Brantwood F.C. players
Northern Ireland emigrants to Australia
Association football midfielders
Galbiati is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Delfi Galbiati (1944–2015), Uruguayan actor
Enzo Galbiati (1897–1982), Italian soldier and fascist politician
Italo Galbiati (born 1937), Italian footballer and manager
Ludovigo Galbiati (1577–1638), Italian Roman Catholic bishop
Roberto Galbiati (born 1957), Italian footballer and manager
Italian-language surnames
Jacqueline Janzen (born November 29, 1993 in Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany) is a German ice hockey forward.
International career
Janzen was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They played in all five games, recording one assist.
As of 2014, Janzen has also appeared for Germany at one IIHF Women's World Championships, in 2011.
Janzen made three appearances for the Germany women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2009.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
1993 births
People from Villingen-Schwenningen
Sportspeople from Freiburg (region)
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
German women's ice hockey forwards
The 1991–92 Lebanese Premier League season was the 32nd season of the Lebanese Premier League, the top Lebanese professional league for association football clubs in the country, established in 1934.
Ansar, the defending champions, won their fourth consecutive—and overall—Lebanese Premier League title.
League table
Group A
Group B
Relegation play-out
|}
Championship play-off
|}
External links
RSSSF
Leb
1991–92 in Lebanese football
Lebanese Premier League seasons
"A Woman in Love" is a song written by Charles Anderson and recorded by American country artist, Bonnie Guitar.
The song was officially released as a single in July 1967, peaking at number four on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. "A Woman in Love" became Bonnie Guitar's second top-ten single on the Billboard country chart. It also became their highest-charting hit single on any Billboard chart. Additionally, "A Woman in Love" reached number thirteen on the Canadian RPM Country Songs chart in November 1967, becoming their first charting single on that list. The song was later released on Guitar's 1967 album, Stop the Sun/A Woman in Love on Dot Records.
Chart performance
References
1967 singles
Bonnie Guitar songs
Song recordings produced by George Richey
1967 songs
Dot Records singles
Tombstone Hill is a hill which rises to 50 m close east-northeast of Damoy Point, Wiencke Island, in the Palmer Archipelago. Discovered and first mapped by the French Antarctic Expedition, 1903–05, under Charcot. The name given by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1944 is descriptive of some rocks on the top of the hill.
Hills of Graham Land
Landforms of the Palmer Archipelago
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 121 (P. Oxy. 121 or P. Oxy. I 121) is a letter, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the 3rd century. Currently it is housed in the Haskell Oriental Institute (2067) at the University of Chicago.
Description
The manuscript is a letter from Isidorus to their brother Aurelius. The measurements of the fragment are 166 by 43 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
Isidorus to their brother Aurelius, many greetings. I told you about the two acanthus trees, that they were to give them to us; let them be dug round today. Let Phanias themselves have them dug round. If they refuse, write to let me know. I shall perhaps come tomorrow for the sealing; so make haste with this in order that I may know. As to the bulls, make them work; don't allow them to be entirely idle. Carry all the branches into the road and have them tied together by threes and dragged along. You will find this of service. Don't make anything over to their masters. I shall perhaps give them nothing. I am causing them much trouble (?). Don't allow the carpenters to be altogether idle; worry them. I pray for your health.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 120
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 122
References
121
3rd-century manuscripts
The Vincelotte River (in French: rivière Vincelotte) is a tributary on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River where it flows east of the village of Cap-Saint-Ignace.
This watercourse flows in the municipalities of Saint-Eugène (MRC de L'Islet Regional County Municipality) and Cap-Saint-Ignace, (MRC of Montmagny Regional County Municipality), in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The Vincelotte river takes its source at the confluence of the Bélanger and Caouette streams. This spring is located in an agricultural zone to the northwest of the Canadian National railway line in the municipality of Saint-Eugène, at east of the south shore of the middle estuary of the St. Lawrence, at west of the center of the village of Saint-Eugène and at east of the village of L'Islet.
From its source, the Vincelotte river flows over , divided into the following segments:
towards the southwest, in Saint-Eugène, to the limit of Cap-Saint-Ignace;
towards the southwest in an agricultural zone, until its confluence.
At the end of its course, the Vincelotte river flows onto the long shore (at low tide) of Anse du Cap, on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. This confluence is located north of the village of Cap-Saint-Ignace and south-west of the village of L'Islet-sur-Mer.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Vincelotte evokes Charles-Joseph Amiot (Amyot) de Vincelotte (born on March 23, 1665, in Quebec - died on May 9, 1735, in Quebec). They were a navigator, a lieutenant in the navy, a militia commander, a lord. Charles Amiot de Vincelotte had married, on February 19, 1691, in Montreal, Marie-Gabrielle Philippe de Hautmesnil; 13 children came from this union.
After their primary studies at the Jesuit college in Quebec, they studied navigation. In 1680, they received from their mother the stronghold of Vincelotte (Cap-Saint-Ignace) that Talon had assigned to them in 1672. In 1684, at the age of 19, Charles-Joseph enlisted in the militia. They initialed a will the same year, before leaving “to travel and go to war for the service of the King and the Iroquois”. In 1693, they presented a request - which was to be approved - to Louis de Buade de Frontenac and Jean Bochart de Champigny in order to enlarge their fief, wishing, they wrote, "to contribute with all theirs to be able to increase this colony and to work hard to establish itself there ”.
In 1703–1704, Amiot took part in some expeditions to the coasts of Newfoundland. In 1706 they were chosen to race the coast of New England as a lieutenant, under the command of Louis Denys de La Ronde. In particular, they had to fight a hard battle against March who besieged Port-Royal (Acadia) (Annapolis Royal, Nova Scotia) on May 26, 1707. Having achieved the victory, they bring the news to the king of France; they then asked for help with an expedition against the city of Boston. Despite the approval of the project, the French government cannot assign them other vessels than the Venus; a rather poor frigate, on which they nevertheless sailed for two years, taking numerous catches. The last reference of their activity in this field is in 1727, when they were appointed commander of the militias of the south coast.
The toponym Rivière Vincelotte was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Nature reserve
With an area of , the “Meander-of-the-river-Vincelotte Nature Reserve” was opened to the public at the end of its development in summer 2013. These developments included in particular a footpath with interpretive panels giving access to the St. Lawrence River and a picnic area accessible to pedestrians and cyclists. The bridge spanning the Vincelotte river has also been restored. In the summer of 2011, in addition to the infrastructure, native trees and shrubs were planted there to promote arborescent vegetation.
This property, which was acquired in 2009 by the “Nature Foundation”, was designated a “nature reserve” in 2011 by the Ministry of Sustainable Development, the Environment, Wildlife and Parks. The acquisition and its development were made possible thanks to the contribution of the “Hydro-Quebec Foundation for the Environment” and a set of public and private partners.
This nature reserve is located opposite the Isle-aux-Grues, thus offering a magnificent panorama of the river. This reserve is a stopover for cyclists in transit on the green route. Interpretive panels, a picnic table and park benches have been set up along the route.
The avian fauna is abundant there and the flora is varied. On the riverside, visitors can observe a small pond built by the former owners. This pond attracts many shorebirds and various species of waterfowl. The adjacent flats are a feeding and resting area for migratory and aquatic birds. A segment of the coastline adjacent to the reserve is home to a large population of Victorin's water hemlock, a plant species endemic to the freshwater estuary of the St. Lawrence River, considered threatened.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
The Anthem of Love () is a 1922 German silent romance film directed by Heinz Schall and starring Claire Rommer, Johannes Riemann and Ilka Grüning.
Cast
Claire Rommer
Johannes Riemann
Ilka Grüning
Gertrude Welcker
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 romantic drama films
German romantic drama films
Films directed by Heinz Schall
Silent romantic drama films
M85 is a fuel blending 85% methanol and 15% petrol. M85 is similar to E85, but cannot be used in vehicles designed for E85. Although it is similar in composition, M85 isn't as well known as its ethanol counterpart. Despite these issues, methanol is considered a viable alternative fuel as it contains high levels of hydrogen.
References
Liquid fuels
Richard Fanshawe may refer to:
Sir Richard Fanshawe, 1st Baronet (1608–1666), English diplomat, translator, and poet
Richard Fanshawe (equestrian) (1906–1988), British Olympic horse rider
Sir Richard Fanshawe, 2nd Baronet (1665-1694), of the Fanshawe baronets
See also
Fanshawe (surname)
Sing a Jingle is a 1944 American musical film directed by Edward C. Lilley and starring Allan Jones, June Vincent and Samuel S. Hinds.
Plot
Partial cast
Allan Jones as Ray King
June Vincent as Muriel Crane
Samuel S. Hinds as J.P. Crane
Gus Schilling as Bucky
Betty Kean as Myrtle
Jerome Cowan as Andrews
Edward Norris as Abbott
Joan Castle as Vera Grant
Dickie Love as Wilbur Crane
Vivian Austin as Ann
William Newell as Wiggins
Dean Collins as Benny
References
Bibliography
John Russell Taylor & Arthur Jackson. The Hollywood Musical. McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1971.
External links
1944 films
1944 musical films
American musical films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Edward C. Lilley
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Operation Broadshare is the code name for the British military operation to address the COVID-19 pandemic overseas, primarily in the British Overseas Territories (BOTs) and British overseas military bases. The operation runs in parallel to a similar military operation in the United Kingdom, named Operation Rescript.
The operation was launched during March 2020 when COVID-19 cases were first being identified in all of the inhabited BOTs, with the exception of the Pitcairn Islands. It began with repatriation flights for British citizens stranded overseas due to COVID-19 travel restrictions, before later involving the delivery of medical supplies, personal protective equipment, military medics and Security Assistance Teams (SATs). From January 2021, the operation then saw the military helping deliver COVID-19 vaccines to affected territories, with the first three batches being delivered to Gibraltar and the Falkland Islands.
Background
The UK has fourteen overseas territories which are located around the world and account for a combined population of 260,000. These territories differ greatly in terms of their population size and economic and social development with the permanently-inhabited ones internally self-governing; the UK retains control over external affairs, including defence and foreign policy, and ensures good governance is maintained. Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) the cause of an ongoing global pandemic had reached every inhabited British overseas territory, with the exception of the Pitcairn Islands, by March 2020. Subsequently, the British government, through its Foreign Commonwealth and Development Office, began working with the governments of each territory to ensure they were receiving the support they needed to address the pandemic.
Additionally, the UK has around 145 military installations overseas, in more than 42 countries, as well as around 11,000 military personnel stationed at them. The first three cases of the virus at an overseas UK military facility were found in the Sovereign Base Areas of Akrotiri and Dhekelia in the Island of Cyprus in March 2020.
COVID Support Force
On 16 March 2020, 10,000 British military personnel were placed on standby to assist with the British Government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 19 March, the British Government stood up a further 10,000 military personnel and officially announced the formation of the COVID Support Force. The names of two military operations were also announced; Operation Rescript, which focused on the pandemic in the United Kingdom, and Operation Broadshare, which focused on the pandemic overseas, including in the British Overseas Territories and overseas military bases. On 20 March 2020, The Telegraph reported General Sir Nick Carter had ordered the armed forces to prepare for a "six month operation".
The COVID Support Force is the responsibility of Headquarters Standing Joint Command (United Kingdom), headed by Commander Home Command, Lieutenant General Tyrone Urch in Aldershot, Hampshire. With 10 regional commands (mostly the brigades supervised by Regional Command, plus London District), it consists of both Regular and Reserve units. Overseas exercises, including those in Canada and Kenya, were cancelled to free up personnel for the COVID Support Force.
Activities
North Atlantic
The British Overseas Territories in the North Atlantic are Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Montserrat and Turks and Caicos. Additionally, the UK maintains military facilities in Belize and Canada.
In April 2020, deployed to the Caribbean in preparation for the hurricane season and was placed on standby to assist with tackling the pandemic, if required. The ship carried aid from the Department for International Development, including ration packs and water. A medical team was also available to join the ship, if needed. Argus joined patrol ship HMS Medway, which was already deployed to the region, to form a Royal Navy task group. British forces coordinated with their French and Dutch counterparts which were also in the region to support their own Caribbean territories during the pandemic.
Elsewhere, military personnel were deployed to the Cayman Islands and Turks and Caicos to assist local authorities with their coronavirus response; the latter also received six ventilators and other medical supplies which were delivered by the Royal Air Force.
In May 2020, a 30-strong team from 45 Commando Royal Marines arrived in Turks and Caicos to assist with providing a security presence around the islands amid the pandemic. After spending 14 days in quarantine, the Marines joined the Royal Turks and Caicos Islands Police Force on daily boat patrols, bolstering a combined Royal Marines, Royal Navy and British Army Security Assistance Team. Two separate RAF Atlas transport flights also delivered coronavirus testing equipment, ventilators and other medical supplies.
In September 2020, the Governor of the British Virgin Islands, Augustus Jaspert, requested support from HMS Medway in securing the territory's borders amid the outbreak. Until the end of October, the vessel worked alongside the Royal Virgin Islands Police Force and local Joint Task Force, augmenting their patrols and supporting temporary radar arrangements. The crew was not permitted to come ashore due to the risk of transmission.
South Atlantic
In the South Atlantic, the British Overseas Territories are Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, the Falkland Islands and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.
On 28 March 2020, a team of six airborne medics from 16 Medical Regiments deployed to the Falkland Islands to reinforce the islands' only hospital. This was followed by the deployment of military planners to support local authorities in coordinating their COVID-19 response on 4 April 2020. A small medical team and two Intensive Treatment Units also augmented the islands' medical facilities, whilst personnel delivered oxygen supplies, medicine and personal protective equipment (PPE).
On 27 April 2020, the Royal Air Force flew in equipment via an Atlas transport aircraft to facilitate the construction of an oxygen generation plant at the King Edward VII Memorial Hospital in Stanley. During the same month, of PPE was delivered to Saint Helena and Ascension Island.
In May 2020, a team of conservationists is rescued from Ascension Island via an RAF Atlas aircraft after becoming stranded due to coronavirus restrictions.
In February 2021, the RAF delivered 3,000 Oxford–AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines to the Falkland Islands. Around 2,000 were also delivered to Ascension Island in an attempt to make it the world's first island fully inoculated in one hit. The time it took to deliver the vaccines was critical as the vaccines had to be administered within 72 hours of being removed from storage. The vaccines were loaded into an A400M Atlas transport aircraft at RAF Brize Norton, however the aircraft experienced a fault and almost jeopardised the operation with a 24-hour delay. The vaccines were subsequently transferred to a replacement aircraft and, after a 12-hour flight, successfully arrived on the island within the required timeframe.
Gibraltar
In Gibraltar, around 175 military personnel assisted with planning and logistics, as well as the delivery of food and medicine. On 10 April 2020, the Royal Air Force flew in military kit and medical supplies via an Atlas transport aircraft for the Gibraltar Health Authority dealing with coronavirus. Medical personnel also supported the Gibraltar Health Authority Ambulance Service.
In January 2021, Gibraltar received its first consignment of COVID-19 vaccines from the United Kingdom when nearly 6,000 AstraZeneca vaccines were delivered by the Royal Air Force. On arrival, the Royal Gibraltar Regiment transported them to St Bernard's Hospital, with other British Forces Gibraltar military personnel providing logistical support. Another batch was delivered by the RAF a week later.
Elsewhere
The Royal Air Force assisted with the repatriation of British citizens from areas affected by coronavirus, including China, Cuba, Japan, Peru, Kenya, Afghanistan and Ukraine.
In May 2020, personnel from British Gurkhas Nepal rescued 109 British tourists and 28 foreign nationals stranded in Nepal due to coronavirus.
In July 2020, the Royal Air Force delivered 16 pallets worth of aid to Accra, Ghana, including materials for a field hospital. A small number of British citizens were also repatriated from Senegal in a separate flight.
The RAF delivered a batch of Oxford–AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccines to the Sovereign Base Areas in Cyprus via an Airbus Voyager on 24 February 2021.
On 7 September 2021, 20 soldiers from 2nd Battalion, the Royal Gurkha Rifles began operating a swab testing facility in Brunei in support of the country's fight against COVID-19. They also administered injections and provided planning support to the country's health ministry.
In Belize, where the UK maintains a military presence, British military personnel provided support to local authorities tackling the pandemic.
In May 2021, the UK sent military medics and advisors to Nepal to help the country tackle a surge of COVID-19 cases. Following this, personnel at RAF Brize Norton helped load an aircraft with medical equipment, including 260 ventilators and 2,000 pieces of personal protective equipment, bound for Nepal.
References
Broadshare
Emergency management in the United Kingdom
2020 in the United Kingdom
COVID-19 pandemic in the British Overseas Territories
National responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
Broadshare
Military operations involving the United Kingdom
Deborah Landau (born 1973) is an American poet, essayist, and critic.
Landau's "taut, elegant, highly controlled constructions" have been described as "confessional and direct, like Sylvia Plath and Allen Ginsberg." Them meditations upon yearning and selfhood are said to remind us "of the nuanced beauty of language." Jennifer Michael Hecht has praised their poems as "Terrificly smart, witty, and slightly terrifying." Nick DePascal asserts that Landau's work "accurately matches form to content" and "leads the reader down a particular path through style as much as the meaning of the actual words on the page...." Publishers Weekly has described their work as "haunting," "stunning," "dark, urgent, sexy, deeply sad, and, above all, powerful."
Landau's poems, essays, and reviews have appeared in The Paris Review, The New York Review of Books, The New Yorker, The Kenyon Review, American Poetry Review, The Best American Poetry, The Best American Erotic Poems, The Wall Street Journal, Poetry, The New York Times, and The Nation, among other publications. Landau grew up in Ann Arbor, Michigan, graduated with distinction from Stanford University, where they were elected to Phi Beta Kappa, received a master's degree in English from Columbia University and a Ph.D. from Brown University, where they were a Jacob K. Javits Fellow in English and American Literature. In 2016 they were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship.
Landau's most recent books are Soft Targets (2019) and The Uses of the Body, which was published in 2015 by Copper Canyon Press and was a Lannan Literary Selection.
Deborah Landau is currently a professor and director of the Creative Writing Program at New York University.
Bibliography
Orchidelirium, Anhinga Press, 2003 (winner of the Anhinga Prize for Poetry)
The Last Usable Hour, Copper Canyon Press, 2011.
The Uses of the Body, Copper Canyon Press, 2015.
Soft Targets, Copper Canyon Press, 2019. (winner of the 2019 Believer Book Award)
Skeletons, Copper Canyon Press, forthcoming 2023.
References
External links
Deborah Landau website
Deborah Landau LitHub profile
American poets
American women poets
Stanford University alumni
Brown University alumni
Columbia University alumni
New York University faculty
Living people
American essayists
American women essayists
1973 births
Writers from Ann Arbor, Michigan
American women academics
21st-century American women
San Marcos Civic Center is a station on North County Transit District's SPRINTER light rail line. It serves the heart of San Marcos, California. It is located at the intersection of San Marcos Boulevard and West Mission Road. A preview service stopped at San Marcos Civic Center on December 28, 2007, and regular service commenced March 9, 2008.
Platforms and tracks
References
External links
SPRINTER Stations
North County Transit District stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2008
San Marcos, California
2008 establishments in California
Wulu was a chieftain of the Wanyan tribe, the most dominant among the Jurchen tribes which later founded the Jin dynasty (1115–1234). They were the eldest son of Hanpu, who is regarded as the ancestor of the Wanyan clan. Wulu was given the posthumous name Emperor De (德皇帝) by their descendant, Emperor Xizong.
Family
Father: Hanpu
Mother: Hanpu's primary consort, posthumously honoured as Empress Mingyi (明懿皇后)
Spouse: Name unknown, posthumously honoured as Empress Si (思皇后)
Sons:
Bahai
Beilu (輩魯)
References
Jurchen history
Khassimirou Diop (born 28 December 1986) is a Senegalese footballer who is a junior-level coach, and still registered to play as a midfielder, with French side Cholet B.
Career
Diop arrived in France at the age of 13, and joined the training center of FC Nantes. They made their debut at the professional level for Nantes as a second half substitute in the Ligue 1 game against Sochaux on 14 October 2016.
After leaving Nantes they played in the fourth tier with UJA Alfortville and JA Drancy before joining SO Cholet in the fifth tier. They were part of the Cholet side which achieved promotion from Championnat de France Amateur 2 in 2015 and Championnat de France Amateur 2 in 2017. Now a coach with the U10 side at Cholet, despite not playing since for the first team since May 2018 they remain available to be called up, as happened in November 2020.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Senegalese footballers
FC Nantes players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole players
JA Drancy players
SO Cholet players
GSI Pontivy players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Dakar
Ingrid van der Elst (born 4 May 1955) is a Dutch former sportswoman who represented their country in both cricket and field hockey. In hockey, they were a goalkeeper for the Dutch national indoor team, while in cricket they played as a right-handed batter, right-arm off break bowler and occasional wicket-keeper, and represented both the Netherlands and International XI, playing seven One Day Internationals for the latter team at the 1982 Women's Cricket World Cup. They played domestic cricket for Wellington.
Sporting career
Born in Bilthoven, Utrecht Province, van der Elst is first recorded as playing cricket for their country in 1977, when the Dutch team toured England. All of their early matches for the Netherlands were played against regional and underage English teams, as the side was not yet judged competitive enough for full internationals. At the 1982 World Cup in New Zealand, van der Elst was one of two Dutch players (alongside Babette van Teunenbroek) to be selected for International XI, a composite team featuring players from several different countries. All seven of their ODI matches were played in the World Cup. Van der Elst was the team's number-three batter for the first five matches, but after a run of three consecutive ducks (against England, Australia, and New Zealand), they were pushed down the order for the rest of the tournament. Them best score was 16* in the second game against Australia, made from number seven, and they finished the tournament with 28 runs at an average of 5.60. Despite being a regular bowler for the Netherlands, van der Elst did not bowl at all in the World Cup, and in their last game, against India, was asked to keep wicket in place of Chris Miller, going on to effect a stumping off the bowling of Gill McConway.
In 1983, van der Elst played their first recorded internationals for the Netherlands, appearing against Denmark, Ireland, and "Young Netherlands" in the one-off Centenary Tournament at Utrecht's Sportpark Maarschalkerweerd. Them tournament included scores of 43 against Ireland and 70 against Denmark, the latter made from a team total of only 116. Later in 1983, van der Elst moved to New Zealand. For three seasons (1984–85, 1985–86, and 1986–87), they played for Wellington in the Hansells Cup, and was also a member of the New Zealand national squad (without playing any matches).
Other activities
Van der Elst later returned to the Netherlands from New Zealand and continued to play club cricket and hockey for several more decades. Outside of their playing career, they worked as a sportswriter – in New Zealand they wrote for The Evening Post and The Dominion Post, and in the Netherlands for the Algemeen Nederlands Persbureau (ANP) news agency and certain regional publications. They have also worked in administrative positions for the Koninklijke Nederlandse Cricket Bond (KNCB), the governing body of Dutch cricket.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Cricket historians and writers
Dutch expatriates in New Zealand
Dutch female field hockey players
Dutch sports journalists
Dutch women cricketers
Female field hockey goalkeepers
International XI women One Day International cricketers
People from De Bilt
Wellington Blaze cricketers
Sportspeople from Utrecht (province)
Dr. Manhattan is an American rock band from Wauconda, Illinois. Their name is a reference to the character from Alan Moore's Watchmen comic books.
History
Brothers Matt and Adam Engers met Andrew Morrison and Nick Vombrack while they were all students at Wauconda High School. They first began playing together in 2005, and self-released an EP the following year. In 2007 they played the Warped Tour and signed with Vagrant Records, who released their self-titled debut in 2008. They appeared at To Bamboozle and played the Warped Tour again in 2008.
The music video for their first single, "Big Chomper, Big Chomper," was the winning first-year student video for the week of August 25, 2008 on MTVU.com.
In August 2009, the band released their second album, Jam Dreams on Cassette Deck Records. The album was produced by Saves the Day frontman Chris Conley. Prior to the album's release, drummer Nick Vombrack amicably left the band and was replaced by ex-Flowers For Dorian drummer Marc Esses. Matt Parrish, from the instrumental band Piglet, was later added to the group as a second guitarist. After Esses left the band, Parrish became the drummer. On November 6, 2010 the band announced that they were calling it quits. On December 23, 2010, they played their final show at the Beat Kitchen in Chicago, Illinois.
On May 13, 2011, Dr. Manhattan reunited to play at the E.S. Jungle in Indianapolis, Indiana for Piradical Productions' annual Punk Rock Prom. They reunited once more on December 23, 2011 to play a show at Sideouts Bar & Eatery in Island Lake, IL. The band opened for The Front Bottoms at Durty Nellie's in Palatine, Illinois on January 11, 2014.
Their song, "Big Chomper", was also featured in the video game Watch Dogs.
Members
Matt Engers - vocals, guitar (2005–Present)
Adam Engers - bass, vocals (2005–Present)
Andrew Morrison - keyboards, percussion, vocals (2005–Present)
Nick Vombrack - drums (2005–2009) (Dec. 23rd 2010–Present)
Former members
Matt Parrish - guitar (2009), drums (2010)
Marc Esses - drums, percussion (2009)
Discography
Self-Released Demo (Self-released, 2005)
For the Lonely Lest the Wiser EP (Self-released, 2006)
Are You Bald? EP (Vagrant Records, 2007)
Dr Manhattan (Vagrant Records, 2008)
Day Trotter Sessions 12/23/08 (Day Trotter, 2008)
Jam Dreams (Cassette Deck, 2009)
BOLO YODO EP (Self-released, July 8, 2014)
References
External links
Dr. Manhattan in Redefine Magazine
Alternative rock groups from Illinois
Electronic music groups from Illinois
Musical groups established in 2005
People from Wauconda, Illinois
Richard Newland is a British horse trainer and former general practitioner, whose horse Pineau De Re won the 2014 Grand National. They live in Worcestershire with their wife Laura and three daughters Amelia, Felicity and Annabelle. <ref></ref
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century English medical doctors
21st-century English medical doctors
British horse trainers
Frýdek (, , ) was an independent town in Silesia that was joined with the Moravian town of Místek on 1 January 1943 to form the town of Frýdek-Místek. It lies on the western border of the Cieszyn Silesia region.
History
Frýdek lies on the right bank of the Ostravice River, that was agreed in 1261 by a special treaty between Władysław Opolski, Duke of Opole and Racibórz and Ottokar II of Bohemia to be a local border between their states. In 1290 in the process of feudal fragmentation of Poland the Duchy of Teschen was formed, and the border on the Ostravice was then confirmed in 1297.
The border from the Silesian side was protected by a small gord around which a small town emerged called Jamnice/Jamnica. It could have been first mentioned in a Latin document of Diocese of Wrocław called Liber fundationis episcopatus Vratislaviensis from around 1305 as item in Jannutha. Surely both the town and a gord were later mentioned in 1327 as Jemnicz when Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn became a vassal of the King of Bohemia. The term oppidum used to describe it in the accompanying document was used in contrary to civitates ruling themselves under German rights of Cieszyn, Bielsko and Fryštát. It probably meant that Jemnicz was ruled under Polish (ducal) traditional rights.
The town Frýdek was first mentioned in 1386 as Fridek and later in 1416 as Fredeck. The town had to be established under German rights between 1327 and 1386 on the grounds of Jemnicz, which was later absorbed by Frýdek. The church in Jemnicz stayed a parish church for Frýdek for some time in the 14th century, but the parish was then moved to a newly built church in Frýdek, that was then mentioned in the register of Peter's Pence payment from 1447 among 50 parishes of Teschen deaconry as Fredek. During the location of Frýdek the castle was also built, as part of the new town's defensive walls, where afterwards resided a ducal clerk, responsible for collecting taxes. The castle was expanded in the 15th century by Casimir II, Duke of Cieszyn. In that century the town together with the surrounding villages was a few times pawned. In 1526 the Kingdom of Bohemia became part of the Habsburg monarchy. In 1573 Frýdek together with 16 nearby villages were sold and split from the Duchy of Teschen and formed a separate state country. The state country, with the Frýdek castle as its administrative centre, was then owned by several noble families. In the 18th century first Jews settled in the town. In the late 18th century textile industry developed in Frýdek. In 1848 the town became a seat of a political county, one of seven in the Austrian Silesia (later abolished, and reestablished in 1901). In 1871 the railway reached the town.
In 1864–1865 a Jewish synagogue was built here, and in 1911 a Lutheran church was also built. According to the Austrian census of 1910 the town had 9879 inhabitants living in 734 buildings. The census asked people their native language, and results show that 5,123 (51.9%) were German-speaking, 4,033 (40.8%) were Czech-speaking and 574 (5.8%) was Polish-speaking. The dominant religious groups were Roman Catholics with 9,199 (93.1%), followed by Protestants with 353 (3.6%) and the Jews with 353 (3.6%).
After World War I, fall of Austria-Hungary it became a part of Czechoslovakia. In March 1939 it became a part of Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia. On 1 January 1943 the towns of Frýdek and Místek and several other villages were joined to form a single town. After the war it was restored to Czechoslovakia.
Gallery
Notes
References
Frýdek-Místek
Neighbourhoods in the Czech Republic
Cieszyn Silesia
Christoffer Bengtsberg (born 1 November 1989) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender.  They are currently playing with Lillehammer IK of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.
Bengtsberg made their Elitserien debut playing with HV71 during the 2008–09 Elitserien season.
After finishing the 2014–15 season with Södertälje SK in the HockeyAllsvenskan, Bengtsberg opted to pursue a North American career, signing a one-year ECHL contract with the Evansville IceMen on 6 August 2015.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Brynäs IF players
Evansville IceMen players
HV71 players
Mora IK players
Södertälje SK players
Swedish ice hockey goaltenders
Växjö Lakers players
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Mozilla Thunderbird is a free and open-source cross-platform email client, personal information manager, news client, RSS and chat client developed by the Mozilla Foundation and operated by subsidiary MZLA Technologies Corporation. The project strategy was originally modeled after that of Mozilla's Firefox web browser.
Features
Thunderbird is an email, newsgroup, news feed, and chat (XMPP/IRC) client with personal information manager (PIM) functionality, inbuilt since version 78.0 and previously available from the Lightning calendar extension. Additional features are available from extensions.
Message management
Thunderbird manages multiple email, newsgroup, and news feed accounts and supports multiple identities within accounts. Features such as quick search, saved search folders ("virtual folders"), advanced message filtering, message grouping, and tags help manage and find messages. On Linux-based systems, system mail (movemail) accounts were supported until version 91.0. Thunderbird provides basic support for system-specific new email notifications and can be extended with advanced notification support using an add-on.
Junk filtering
Thunderbird incorporates a Bayesian spam filter, a whitelist based on the included address book, and can also understand classifications by server-based filters such as SpamAssassin.
Extensions and themes
Extensions allow the addition of features through the installation of XPInstall modules (known as "XPI" or "zippy" installation) via the add-ons website that also features an update functionality to update the extensions.
Thunderbird supports a variety of themes for changing its overall look and feel. These packages of CSS and image files can be downloaded via the add-ons website at Mozilla Add-ons.
Standards support
Thunderbird follows industry standards for email:
POP. Basic email retrieval protocol.
IMAP. Thunderbird has implemented many of the capabilities in IMAP, in addition to adding their own extensions and the de facto standards by Google and Apple.
LDAP address auto-completion.
S/MIME: Inbuilt support for email encryption and signing using X.509 keys provided by a centralised certificate authority.
OpenPGP: Inbuilt support for email encryption and signing since version 78.2.1, while older versions used extensions such as Enigmail.
For web feeds (e.g. news aggregators), it supports Atom and RSS.
For chat, it supports the IRC and XMPP protocol.
For newsfeeds, it uses NNTP and supports NNTPS.
File formats supported
Thunderbird provides mailbox format support using plugins, but this feature is not yet enabled due to related work in progress. The mailbox formats supported are:
mbox – Unix mailbox format (one file holding many emails)
maildir – known as maildir-lite (one file per email). "there are still many bugs", so this is disabled by default.
Thunderbird also uses Mork and (since version 3) MozStorage (which is based on SQLite) for its internal database. Mork was due to be replaced with MozStorage in Thunderbird 3.0, but the 8.0 release still uses the Mork file format.
Big file linking
Since version 38, Thunderbird has integrated support for automatic linking of large files instead of attaching them directly to the mail message.
HTML formatting and code insertion
Thunderbird provides a wysiwyg editor for composing messages formatted with HTML (default). The delivery format auto-detect feature will send unformatted messages as plain text (controlled by a user preference). Certain special formatting like subscript, superscript and strikethrough is available from the Format menu. The Insert > HTML menu provides the ability to edit the HTML source code of the message. There is basic support for HTML template messages, which are stored in a dedicated templates folder for each account.
Limitations and known issues
As with any software, there may be limitations to the number and sizes of files and objects represented. For example, POP3 folders are subject to filesystem design limitations, such as maximum file sizes on filesystems that do not have large-file support, as well as possible limitations of long filenames, and other issues.
Cross-platform support
Thunderbird runs on a variety of platforms. Releases available on the primary distribution site support the following operating systems:
Linux
Windows
macOS
Unofficial ports are available for:
FreeBSD
OpenBSD
Ports for older versions available for OS/2 (including ArcaOS and eComStation).
The source code is freely available and can be compiled to be run on a variety of other architectures and operating systems.
Android version
In June 2022, the Thunderbird project announced that it would be collaborating with email client K-9 for Android to build a Thunderbird version for Android. To this end, K-9 lead developer Christian Ketterer joined the Thunderbird team in 2022. The plan was to transform K-9 Mail into Thunderbird on Android, including the respective name change and adoption of the Thunderbird branding. As soon as K-9 Mail had been brought into alignment with Thunderbird's feature set and visual appearance, this changeover would take place, according to Thunderbird's Jason Evangelho.
Internationalization and localization
With contributors all over the world, Thunderbird has been translated into more than 65 languages, although email addresses are currently limited to ASCII local parts. Thunderbird does not yet support SMTPUTF8 (RFC 6531) or Email Address Internationalization.
Security
Thunderbird provides security features such as TLS/SSL connections to IMAP and SMTP servers. It also offers inbuilt support for secure email with digital signing and message encryption through OpenPGP (using public and private keys) or S/MIME (using certificates). Any of these security features can take advantage of smartcards with the installation of additional extensions.
Other security features may be added through extensions. Up to version 68, the Enigmail extension was required for OpenPGP support (now inbuilt).
Optional security protections also include disabling loading of remote images within messages, enabling only specific media types (sanitizer), and disabling JavaScript.
The French military uses Thunderbird and contributes to its security features, which are claimed to match the requirements for NATO's closed messaging system.
History
Originally launched as Minotaur shortly after Phoenix (the original name for Mozilla Firefox), the project failed to gain momentum. With the success of Firefox, however, demand increased for a mail client to go with it, and the work on Minotaur was revived under the new name of Thunderbird, and migrated to the new toolkit developed by the Firefox team.
On December 7, 2004, version 1.0 was released, and received more than 500,000 downloads in its first three days of release, and 1,000,000 in ten days.
Significant work on Thunderbird restarted with the announcement that from version 1.5 onward the main Mozilla suite would be designed around separate applications using this new toolkit. This contrasts with the previous all-in-one approach, allowing users to mix and match the Mozilla applications with alternatives. The original Mozilla Suite continues to be developed as SeaMonkey.
On December 23, 2004, Project Lightning was announced which tightly integrated calendar functionality (scheduling, tasks, etc.) into Thunderbird. Lightning supports the full range of calendar mechanisms and protocols supported by the Mozilla Calendar infrastructure, just as with modern (post-0.2) Sunbird.
On October 11, 2006, Qualcomm and the Mozilla Foundation announced that "future versions of Eudora will be based upon the same technology platform as the open source Mozilla Thunderbird email program." The project was code-named Penelope.
In late 2006, Debian rebranded Thunderbird as Icedove due to trademark and copyright reasons. This was the second product to be rebranded.
On July 26, 2007, the Mozilla Foundation announced that Thunderbird would be developed by an independent organization, because the Mozilla Corporation (a subsidiary of the foundation) was focusing on Mozilla Firefox development.
On September 17, 2007, the Mozilla Foundation announced the funding of a new internet communications initiative with David Ascher of ActiveState. The purpose of this initiative was "to develop Internet communications software based on the Thunderbird product, code, and brand".
On February 19, 2008, Mozilla Messaging started operations as a subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation responsible for the development of email and similar communications. Its initial focus was on the then upcoming version of Thunderbird 3. Alpha Preview releases of Thunderbird 3 were codenamed "Shredder". On April 4, 2011, Mozilla Messaging was merged into the Mozilla Labs group of the Mozilla Foundation.
On July 6, 2012, a confidential memo from Jb Piacentino, the Thunderbird Managing Director at Mozilla, was leaked and published to TechCrunch. The memo indicated that Mozilla would be moving some of the team off the project and further development of new features would be left up to the community. The memo was slated for release on July 9, 2012. A subsequent article by the Executive Chair of Mozilla, Mitchell Baker, stated Mozilla's decision to make a transition of Thunderbird to a new release and governance model. On July 6, 2012, Mozilla announced the company was dropping the priority of Thunderbird development because the continuous effort to extend Thunderbird's feature set was mostly fruitless. The new development model shifted to Mozilla offering only "Extended Support Releases", which deliver security and maintenance updates, while allowing the community to take over the development of new features.
On November 25, 2014, Kent James of the volunteer-led Thunderbird Council announced on the Thunderbird blog that active contributors to Thunderbird gathered at the Mozilla office in Toronto and discussed the future of the application. They decided that more staff were required working full-time on Thunderbird so that the Thunderbird Team could release a stable and reliable product and make progress on features that had been frequently requested by the community.
On December 1, 2015, Mozilla Executive Chair Mitchell Baker announced in a company-wide memo that Thunderbird development needed to be uncoupled from Firefox. They referred to Thunderbird developers spending large efforts responding to changes to Mozilla technologies, while Firefox was paying a tax to support Thunderbird development. They also said that they do not believe Thunderbird has the potential for "industry-wide impact" that Firefox does. Mozilla remained interested in having a role in Thunderbird, but sought more assistance to help with development. Therefore, at the same time, it was announced that Mozilla Foundation would provide at least a temporary legal and financial home for the Thunderbird project.
On May 9, 2017, Philipp Kewisch announced that the Mozilla Foundation would continue to serve as the legal and fiscal home for the Thunderbird project, but that Thunderbird would migrate off Mozilla Corporation infrastructure, separating the operational aspects of the project. Mozilla brought Thunderbird back in-house in an announcement on May 9, 2017, and continued to support its development. The Thunderbird development team expanded by adding several new members and overhauled security and the user interface.
The interim/beta versions Thunderbird 57 and 58, released in late 2017, began to make changes influenced by Firefox Quantum, including a new "Photon" user interface.
Despite the removal in Firefox Quantum of support for XUL-based legacy add-ons in favor of WebExtensions, the stable/ESR release of Thunderbird 60 in mid-2018 continued to support them, although most would require updates, and it did not support WebExtensions except for Themes.
In 2018, work was underway for planned support in Thunderbird 63 of WebExtensions and to continue to "somewhat" support legacy addons, according to Mozilla.
With the release of Thunderbird 68 in August 2019 it now only supports WebExtension addons. Legacy Addons can still be used if a special "legacy mode" is enabled, but even for this, the legacy Addon has to be converted. Alongside the transition, OpenPGP support was integrated directly into Thunderbird as a standard feature, seeking to supplant the Enigmail extension. Mainly for licensing reasons, this is no longer based on GnuPG, but on the RNP library, which has more liberal licensing terms.
On January 28, 2020, the Mozilla Foundation announced that the project would henceforth be operating from a new wholly owned subsidiary, MZLA Technologies Corporation, in order to explore offering products and services that were not previously possible and to collect revenue through partnerships and non-charitable donations.
As of version 78.7.1, Thunderbird will no longer allow installation of addons that use Legacy WebExtensions. Only MailExtensions are now compatible with Thunderbird. MailExtensions are WebExtensions but with "some added features specific to Thunderbird".
Thunderbird 91 features various UI improvements (including a new account setup workflow), Apple Silicon support, CardDAV address book support, built-in import and export tools for Thunderbird profiles, the PDF.js PDF viewer, and the ability to encrypt emails to BCC recipients.
On June 13, 2022, it was announced that the Mozilla Thunderbird team would take over development of the Android email client app K-9 Mail, with plans for it to eventually become a mobile version of Thunderbird with synchronisation support.
Releases
Thunderbird development releases occur in three stages, called Beta, Earlybird, and Daily, which correspond to Firefox's Beta, Aurora, and Nightly stages. The release dates and Gecko versions are exactly the same as Firefox; for example, Firefox 7 and Thunderbird 7 were both released on September 27, 2011, and were both based on Gecko 7.0.
References
External links
2003 software
Cross-platform free software
Email client software for Linux
Free email software
Free multilingual software
Free software programmed in C++
Free Usenet clients
Gecko-based software
macOS email clients
News aggregator software
OS/2 software
Portable software
Software that uses SQLite
Software that uses XUL
Software using the Mozilla license
Unix Internet software
Windows email clients
The 2017 Gibraltar Open (officially the 2017 jojobet.com Gibraltar Open) was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place from 1 to 5 March 2017, at the Tercentenary Sports Hall in Gibraltar. It was the 16th ranking event of the 2016/2017 season. The main event ran from 3 to 5 March and was preceded by amateur pre-qualifying rounds on 1 and 2 March.
Marco Fu was the defending champion, but they chose not to participate in this edition of the tournament.
Shaun Murphy won the tournament, beating Judd Trump 4–2 in the final.
Prize fund
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below.
Winner: €25,000
Runner-up: €12,000
Semi-finals: €6,000
Quarter-finals: €4,000
Last 16: €2,300
Last 32: €1,200
Last 64: €700
Total: €125,000
The "rolling 147 prize" for a maximum break stood at £20,000 (€26,600).
Main draw
Main rounds draw
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Finals
Final
Preliminary rounds
These matches were played in Gibraltar on 1–2 March 2017. All matches were the best of 7 frames.
Round 1
Match 1:
Match 2: Jeff Cundy 4–3 Oliver Brown
Match 3: Thomas Rees 0–4 Barry Pinches
Match 4: John Foster 4–0 David Alcaide
Match 5: Sam Harvey 1–4 Michael Collumb
Match 6: Daniel Schneider 4–2 Matthew Glasby
Match 7: Joe Steele 4–1 Andrew Olivero
Match 8: Ryan Causton w/o–n/s Nader Al Dosari
Match 9: Joe O'Connor 4–2 Greg Casey
Match 10: David Lilley 3–4 Charlie Sweeney
Match 11: Joshua Cooper 4–0 Conor McCormack
Match 12: Alex Taubman 4–2 Michael Williams
Match 13: Danny Connolly 4–3 Matthew Day
Match 14: Daniel O'Regan 4–1 Jurian Heusdens
Match 15: Steven Hallworth 4–0 Francis Becerra
Match 16: Mark Vincent 4–3 James Budd
Match 17: Simon Dent 4–0 Mike Collins
Match 18: Lee Prickman 4–3 John Fearick
Match 19: Joshua Thomond 0–4 Gerard Greene
Match 20: Ejler Hame 1–4 Ian Glover
Match 21: Richard Beckham 1–4 Brandon Sargeant
Match 22: Jenson Kendrick 1–4 Jamie Clarke
Match 23: Ben Murphy 4–2 Adam Stefanow
Match 24: Sean McAllister 2–4 Robin Otto
Match 25: Manasawin Phetmalaikul 1–4 Ian Martin
Match 26: Nev Graham 2–4 Phil O'Kane
Match 27: Andreas Ploner w/o–n/s Mourad Naitali
Match 28: Hans Blanckaert 3–4 Francisco Sanchez Ruiz
Match 29: Felix Frede 0–4 George Pragnall
Match 30: Paul Burrell 4–0 Andrew Urbaniak
Match 31: Zack Richardson 4–0 Bhavesh Sodha
Match 32: James Dabell 4–1 Rees Carter
Match 33: Adam Longley 2–4 Dan Barsley
Round 2
Match 34: Charlie Walters 4–2 Simon Lichtenberg
Match 35: Louis Heathcote 2–4 Jeff Cundy
Match 36: Barry Pinches 3–4 John Foster
Match 37: Saqib Nasir 4–1 Michael Collumb
Match 38: Ben Jones 4–0 Daniel Schneider
Match 39: Laurens De Staelen 4–1 Joe Steele
Match 40: Adam Edge 4–0 Ryan Causton
Match 41: Joe O'Connor 4–3 Charlie Sweeney
Match 42: Ashley Carty 4–0 Joshua Cooper
Match 43: Peter Lines 4–0 Alex Taubman
Match 44: Matthew Roberts 4–3 Danny Connolly
Match 45: Stephen Kershaw 4–3 Daniel O'Regan
Match 46: Boris Lazarkov 0–4 Steven Hallworth
Match 47: Mitchell Grinstead 4–0 Mark Vincent
Match 48: Simon Dent 4–3 Lee Prickman
Match 49: Gerard Greene 4–2 Ian Glover
Match 50: Patrick Whelan 2–4 Brandon Sargeant
Match 51: Joel Walker 2–4 Jamie Clarke
Match 52: Martin Pitcher 4–1 Ben Murphy
Match 53: Robin Otto 1–4 Ian Martin
Match 54: Daniel Devlin w/d–w/o Phil O'Kane
Match 55: Ashley Hugill 1–4 Andreas Ploner
Match 56: Francisco Sánchez Ruíz 0–4 George Pragnall
Match 57: Jaspal Bamotra 4–2 Paul Burrell
Match 58: Zack Richardson 4–0 James Dabell
Match 59: Kaif Shazad 0–4 Dan Barsley
Century breaks
Main rounds centuries
Total: 48
145, 129, 106, 104 Jack Lisowski
140, 137, 122 Shaun Murphy
138, 135, 101 Mark Allen
136 Sam Craigie
136 Luca Brecel
135 John Astley
133, 131, 109, 102 Alfie Burden
132, 102 Ricky Walden
131 David John
130, 108, 101 Neil Robertson
129, 117, 102 Ryan Day
129, 114, 112, 103 Judd Trump
128, 102 Gary Wilson
128 Gerard Greene
127 Mark Davis
127 Zhou Yuelong
121 John Higgins
118 Zhang Yong
107 Michael White
107 Ben Woollaston
107 Zhang Anda
105, 100 Barry Hawkins
105 Jamie Jones
104 Fang Xiongman
102 Mark Williams
102 Charlie Walters
101 Mitchell Mann
100 Steven Hallworth
References
2017
2017 in snooker
2017 in Gibraltarian sport
March 2017 sports events in Europe
Reuben Clark House, also known as Willow Dell, is a historic home located at Hampton, Virginia. It was built in 1854, and is a two-story, wood-frame dwelling. A kitchen wing was added to the main block between 1901 and 1904, and further additions were made to the house in the 1920s. The house feature a one-story wooden porch which wraps around the corner of the house and also shelters five bays of the front facade. It is one of Hampton's oldest surviving residences and its sole example of the Picturesque style. During the American Civil War, its large well was used by the Union Navy to supply large quantities of water for the boilers of the USS Minnesota. The builder of the house, Reuben Clark (1805-1895), was a prosperous merchant and steamboat captain.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Italianate architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1854
Houses in Hampton, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Hampton, Virginia
Keith Tate (30 January 1945 – 5 April 2019) was an English amateur, and professional bantamweight boxer of the 1960s, and boxing trainer.
Background
Keith Tate was born in Wakefield, West Riding of Yorkshire (his birth was registered in Lower Agbrigg).
Boxing career
Amateur
Keith Tate trained at the Robin Hood & Thorpe Amateur Boxing Club (ABC), and National Association of Boys' Clubs. They won the National Coal Board British Flyweight title, was runner-up for the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) Junior Class-A title against George O'Neill (Wolverhampton ABC) at The Royal Albert Hall, London on Thursday 23 March 1961, won the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) Junior Class-B title against Ken Buchanan (Sparta AAC) at The Royal Albert Hall, London on Thursday 22 March 1962 and was runner-up for the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) Flyweight (51 kg) title against Monty Laud (St Ives ABC) at The Empire Pool, London on Friday 26 April 1963. They fought internationally for the Amateur Boxing Association of England; including against Hungary with a points defeat by Hungarian amateur flyweight () champion Imre Harangozo (born circa-1943, of Székesfehérvár MAV), at King's Hall, Belle Vue, Manchester on Monday 11 November 1963.
Professional
Keith Tate's first professional boxing bout was a victory over Tommy Connor on Monday 5 October 1964. This was followed by fights including; victory over Tommy Burgoyne (Scottish Area bantamweight champion), two draws, and a defeat by Monty Laud (Southern (England) Area bantamweight champion), defeat by Brian Bissmire (Southern Area bantamweight challenger), two victories over Danny Wells (Southern (England) Area bantamweight challenger), victory over Bobby Davies (Southern (England) Area featherweight challenger). Tate's final professional bout was a defeat by Johnny Mantle (Southern (England) Area featherweight challenger) on Tuesday 20 September 1966.
Training career
Keith Tate established the Cleckheaton Boxing Academy in 1975, and has produced 30 national champions as professional boxers, including the British Super featherweight champion boxer Gary 'Five Star' Sykes, and 3 world champions; James 'Roberttown Rocket' Hare, Mark 'Hobbo' Hobson, and 'Super' Steven Conway.
References
External links
1945 births
2019 deaths
English male boxers
British boxing trainers
Sportspeople from Wakefield
Bantamweight boxers
Bill Harney may refer to:
William Edward Harney (1895–1962), Australian writer and patrol officer of the Native Affairs Branch
Bill Yidumduma Harney (born 1931), Wardaman elder, artist, and writer, who is the biological son of William Edward Harney
Sāfī ( Sāpai; plur. ساپي Sāpī) is a major branch of the greater Ghurghakhti Pashtun tribe. The Safi tribe comprises a majority in the Pech Valley of Kunar and are present in significant numbers in Parwan Province (Kohi Safi), Kapisa Province, Kabul Province, Laghman Province, Nuristan Province, and Safi-yan in Zabul Province Close to Durand line, Lead by Haji Khudai Dad Khan Safi, Haji Qalam Khan Safi and Haji Esmatullah Khan Safi. A reasonable majority also resides in different urban and rural areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, particularly Peshawar, Charsadda, Mardan, Nowshehra, Swabi. A large number also settled in Rawalpindi, Tarnol, Karachi, Lahore, Multan. They are also present in large number in Mohmand, Bajaur Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas and in Zhob District, Balochistan, Pakistan.
district {quetta} district {loralai} district {sibi}
Safi divisions
Currently, Safi tribesmen are found everywhere in Afghanistan and northwest Pakistan. The Safi are divided into three main clans: the 1-Gurbuz; the 2-Mehsud or Masawad; and the 3-Wazir or Wadair, also known as Qandahari. The exact population number of this clan is not known; however, it is estimated to be around 2.5 million, both in Afghanistan and in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. Safis have played an important role in Afghan society, especially in the Afghan Government; they were known to be opposed to the Afghan monarchy. The Safis have also had an important role in Pakistan. Currently, Safis serve in key posts in different public sector institutions. On 10 September 2007, Safi elders in the Mohmand Agency played a key part in reaching an agreement with Taliban fighters to stop attacks on the Pakistani military and security forces, and on institutions such as schools and hospitals in the Mohmand Agency. The Safis, because of their association with the Mohmand, are also called Safi Mohmands but in fact are not Mohmand in origin.
Origins
Safi refers to one of the major Pashtun sub-tribes that are descended from Ghurghakht.
Safi is a major branch of the greater Ghurghakht Pashtun tribe. The Safi are divided into three main clans: the 1-Gurbuz; the 2-Mehsud or Masawad; and the 3-Wazir or Wadair, also known as Qandahari. The exact population of this clan is not known; however, it is estimated to be around 3 million, both in Afghanistan and Pakistan (Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa, Balochistan and in different cities of Punjab).
History
The ancestry of the Safis reaches back to the inhabitants of the ancient kingdom of Gandhara, and they are related to the neighboring Nuristanis. Besides Pashto, some clans of the Safis speak a Kohistani Pashayi dialect. Throughout Pashtun history, the Safi have been mentioned, most famously during resistance against Aurangzeb, when a major war broke out in 1668. A rebellion was sparked by a general in the ranks of the Mughal Empire who had insulted a woman of this clan; in revenge Safi tribesmen killed the sepoy who had raped the safi woman. When news reached Aurangzeb that their sepoy was killed, they appealed to the tribe to hand over the killers, but the elders refused and challenged the Emperor. Soon Aurangzeb set out with a large force against the Safi and their allies from among other Khattak, Afridis, Shinwari, Mohmands in the command of Khushal Khan Khattak, who was at that time the tribal chief of Khattak tribe. Sources claim that Aurangzeb suffered a humiliating defeat, with a reported loss of 40,000 Mughal soldiers and only four left alive. Akhund Burkhurdar Khan, a famous freedom fighter, migrated towards Multan during their fights. Their clan kept on fighting for years; today, this clan is headed by Khalid Khan Safi.
Currently, the Safi tribe is well known for its resistance to the Taliban regime, and many fierce clashes have broken out between the two. Some Safi tribesmen also live in Zabul Province close to the Durand line led byled by Haji Khudai-Dad Khan Safi, Haji Qalam Khan Safi, Haji Esmatullah Khan Safi, Haji Mohammad Juma Khan Safi, Dr Abdul Wali Safi, Mohammad Wali Safi and Abdullah Safi in Sibi District, with two sub clans: the Meerzai; and the Kamalzai. Safi also live in Zobh District In Baluchistan; they are together under Safi Ithad and their office is located at Mizan Chock in Mizan Plaza quetta. In Sibi, Safi has the lion's share of water, 8 Pao of water in Nari River.
References
Gharghashti Pashtun tribes
Pashto-language surnames
Pakistani names
Eugen Munteanu (born August 18, 1953 in Seimeni, Constanța County) is a Romanian linguist. They specialize in Biblical philology, historical lexicology and the philosophy of language.
They have also edited into Romanian authors such as Alexander von Humboldt, Thomas Aquinas, Antoine de Rivarol, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Augustine of Hippo, Martin Luther, Eugenio Coseriu, Hans-Georg Gadamer, Jacob Grimm and Ernst Renan.
They have held lecturing, research or guest professorship positions at the Paris-Sorbonne University (Paris IV) (1997-1999), Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena (1999-2001), the University of Vienna (2006-2008, & 2009-2010), and director of the "A. Phillipide" Romanian Philology Institute of the Romanian Academy (2009-2013).
Eugen Munteanu is currently Professor at the Alexandru Ioan Cuza University, as well as coordinating director of the Biblical-Philological Research Center "Monumenta linguae Dacoromanorum" in Iași, Romania.
 They are known as one of Eugenio Coseriu's academic disciples, one of the most activ translators and interpreters of Coseriu in Romania, and has featured favorably in some of the linguist's commentaries.
Selected works
Sfîntul Augustin, De dialectica/Despre dialectică. Ediție bilingvă, traducere, introducere, note, comentarii și bibliografie ("Saint Augustine. De Dialectica. Bilingual Edition, Translation, Introduction, Notes and Commentaries."), Humanitas, 1991 ().
Sfîntul Augustin, De Magistro/Despre Învățător. Ediție bilingvă, traducere, introducere, comentarii, note și bibliografie ("Saint Augustine. De Magistro. Bilingual Edition, Translation, Introduction, Notes and Commentaries."), Institutul European, 1995. (.)
Studii de lexicologie biblică ("Studies in Biblical Lexicology"), Iași University Press, 1995 ().
Aeterna Latinitas. Mică enciclopedie a gîndirii europene în expresie latină ("Aeterna Latinitas. Small Encyclopedia of European Thought In Latin"), Polirom Press, 1997 (with Lucia Gabriela Munteanu) ().
Carmina Burana. Ediție bilingvă comentată ("Carmina Burana. Bilingual Edition and Commentaries"), Polirom Press, Iași, 1998 (with Lucia Gabriela Munteanu) ().
Thomas de Aquino, De ente et essentia / Despre fiind și esență. Ediție bilingvă, traducere, introducere, note și comentarii ("Thomas de Aquino, De ente et essentia / Of Being and Essence. Bilingual Edition, Bilingual Edition, Translation, Introduction, Notes and Commentaries"), Polirom, 1998 ().
Jean Jacques Rousseau, Eseu despre originea limbajului. Traducere, introducere, note și comentarii ("Jean Jacques Rousseau. On the Origin of Language. Translation, Introduction, Notes and Commentaries"), Polirom, 1999 ().
Emanuel Swedenborg, Despre înțelepciunea iubirii conjugale. Versiune românească și postfață, Polirom, 1999 ().
Sfîntul Augustin, Confessiones / Confesiuni. Ediție bilingvă, traducere din limba latină, introducere și note, Nemira, 2003 ().
Jacob Grimm / Ernest Renan, Două tratate despre originea limbajului. Versiuni în limba română, cuvânt înainte, introduceri și bibliografie, Iași University Press, 2001 ().
Rivarol, Discurs despre universalitatea limbii franceze, urmat de Maxime, reflecții, anecdote, cuvinte de duh. Antologie, traducere, introducere și bibliografie, Institutul European, 2003 ().
Leviticul. Traducere din limba greacă, introducere, note și comentarii de Eugen Munteanu, in Cristian Bădiliță et alii (coord.), Septuaginta I, (Geneza, Exodul, Leviticul, Numerii, Deuteronomul), Colegiul Noua Europă / Polirom, 2004 ().
Introducere în lingvistică, Polirom, 2005 ().
Odele. Traducere din limba greacă, introducere, note și comentarii, in Cristian Bădiliță et alii (coord.), Septuaginta IV/I (Psalmii, Odele, Proverbele, Ecleziastul, Cântarea cântărilor), Polirom, 2006 ().
Cartea înțelepciunii lui Iisus Sirah. Traducere din limba greacă, introducere, note și comentarii, in Cristian Bădiliță et alii (coord.), Septuaginta, IV/II (Iov, Înțelepciunea lui Solomon, Înțelepciunea lui Iisus Sirah, Psalmii lui Solomon), Polirom, 2007 ().
Wilhelm von Humboldt, Diversitatea structurală a limbilor și influența ei asupra umanității. Versiune românească, introducere, notă asupra traducerii, tabel cronologic, bibliografie și indice, Humanitas, 2008 ().
Lexicologie biblică românească, Humanitas, 2008 ().
Eugeniu Coșeriu, Istoria filosofiei limbajului. De la începuturi până la Rousseau. Ediție nouă, augmentată de Jörn Albrecht, cu o remarcă preliminară de Jürgen Trabant, versiune românească și indice de Eugen Munteanu și Mădălina Ungureanu, cu o prefață la ediția românească de Eugen Munteanu, Humanitas, 2011 ().
Eugeniu Coșeriu, Lingvistica textului. O introducere în hermeneutica textului. Versiune românească și indici de Eugen Munteanu și Ana Maria Prisacaru, cu o postfață de Eugen Munteanu, Editura Universității Alexandru Ioan Cuza, Iași, 2013, 264 p, .
Eugen Munteanu (coord.), Ana-Maria Gînsac, Ana-Maria Minuț, Lucia Gabriela Munteanu, Mădălina Ungureanu, Vechiul Testament – Septuaginta. Versiunea lui Nicolae Spătarul Milescu (Ms. 45 de la Biblioteca Filialei din Cluj a Academiei Române). Ediție de text, prefață, notă asupra ediției, introducere, bibliografie, indice de cuvinte și forme, indice de nume proprii, rezumate în limbile engleză, franceză, germană și rusă, Editura Universității Alexandru Ioann Cuza, Iași, 2016, CCCLXXXIII + 1298 p., .
Viorel Barbu/ Eugen Munteanu, 5 convorbiri despre știință, cultură, creație, Editura Junimea, Iași, 2017, 280 p., .
Paul Miron – in memoriam 90. Volum întocmit de Eugen Munteanu, Editura Junimea, Iași, 2017, 470 p., .
Book awards
Monographs
The Romanian Academy's “Timotei Cipariu” Prize, 1995/1997, awarded for Studii de lexicologie biblică ("Studies in Biblical Lexicology"), Iași University Press, 1995.
“Book of the Year” Award, National Book Symposium, Chișinău, 1997, for Aeterna latinitas. Mică enciclopedie a gândirii europene în expresie latină ("Aeterna Latinitas. Small Encyclopedia of European Thought In Latin"), Polirom Press, 1997 (with Lucia Gabriela Munteanu).
The Ministry of Culture's "Best Translation" Prize, awarded at the National Book Symposium, Cluj, 1998, for Carmina Burana. Ediție bilingvă comentată ("Carmina Burana. Bilingual Edition and Commentaries"), Polirom Press, Iași, 1998 (with Lucia Gabriela Munteanu).
Collective works
The Romanian Academy's “Timotei Cipariu” Prize, 1989, awarded for H. Tiktin, Rumänisch-Deutsches Wörterbuch, 2. überarbeitete und ergänzte Auflage, hrsg. von Paul Miron, Otto Harrassowitz Verlag, Wiesbaden, 3 vol., 1985–1987.
The Romanian Academy's “Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu” Prize, 1991, for Biblia 1688, Pars. I, Genesis, Iași 1988, Pars II Exodus, incl. in "Monumenta linguae Dacoromanorum", Iași 1991.
“Book of the Year”, 2004, awarded by “România Literară”, for Septuaginta, vol. I, Polirom, Iași, 2004 (Bădiliță, C., Ed.).
“Best Foreign Book Editing” Prize, awarded by the Romanian Editors Association, for Septuaginta, vol. I, Polirom, Iași, 2004 (Bădiliță, C., Ed.).
References
The General Dictionary of Romanian Literature, 'Eugen Munteanu', Romanian Academy, Univers Enciclopedic Press, București, 2005.
Augustin, “De dialectica” - Three Reviews, Lucia Wald, Alexandru Boboc, Daniel Barbu, “Universul cărții”, 1991.
A pure bred philologist, Bogdan Crețu, in “Ziarul financiar”, June 20, 2008, p. 3.
Eugen Munteanu, Academic Profile, available as official digital version, Alexandru Ioan Cuza University.
External links
Many of Eugen Munteanu's books have been made freely available for personal use.
Eugen Munteanu's Official Blog.
"A. Phillipide" Romanian Philology Institute (Romanian Academy), Official Website.
Linguists from Romania
Romanian translators
Philosophers of language
Romanian philosophers
1953 births
Living people
David Edward Sugden FRSE, FRSGS is an emeritus professor and senior research fellow at the University of Edinburgh.  They are a glaciologist and glacial geomorphologist. Their research focuses in particular on glacial and polar landforms, Antarctic ice sheet stability, and the dynamics of the Patagonian ice cap under a changing climate. They have served as President of the Geography Section of the British Association, Vice President of the Royal Geographical Society, President of the Institute of British Geographers, and Director of SAGES (Scottish Alliance for Geoscience, Environment, and Society). At the University of Edinburgh, Sugden has twice been Department Head of Geography and was also the inaugural Head of the School of Geosciences.
 They are a winner of the International Glaciological Society's Seligman Crystal. This award is given to a researcher who has "made exceptional scientific contributions to glaciology, defined as any snow and/or ice studies, so that the subject is now significantly enriched". They have also won the Vega Medal for physical geography from the Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography; the Polar Medal for outstanding contribution to polar science and exploration by a British citizen; the David Linton Award from the British Society for Geomorphology; the Royal Geographical Society's Cuthbert Peek Award; and the Royal Scottish Geographical Society's Mungo Park Medal.
Sugden is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. They have received honorary degrees from the University of Stockholm and the University of Dundee.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British glaciologists
Recipients of the Polar Medal
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
British geomorphologists
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Ohio's 7th senatorial district has consisted of portions of southwestern Ohio, and currently consists of Warren County and portions of the counties of Butler and Hamilton. It encompasses Ohio House districts 27, 54 and 62. It has a Cook PVI of R+15. The district was represented by the Senate President from 1997 to 2002 with Senator Richard Finan. Its current Ohio Senator is Republican Steve Wilson. They reside in Maineville, a city located in Warren County, Ohio.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 7th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Näsijärvi () is a lake above sea level, in the Pirkanmaa region of southern Finland. Näsijärvi is the biggest lake in the Tampere area at in size. The city of Tampere was built along the Tammerkoski rapids, through which the lake drains into Pyhäjärvi. The water quality of the lake has improved as forest industry has decreased the amount of waste water.
The lake is divided into three fjards, which are Näsinselkä, Koljonselkä and Vankavesi. Näsinselkä starts in the south from Tampere, where it expands to the west as Lielahti and to the east as Aitolahti. At the end of Aitolahti, it expands into a small Niihamanselkä, from which Olkahistenlahti diverges to the southeast and Merjanlahti and Laalahti to the northeast. To the north of Lielahti and Lentävänniemi is Siivikkalanlahti and behind it Ryydynpohja. Näsinselkä changes to Koljonselkä in the north after the Iso-Otava Island. In the case of the islands, a wide headland protrudes from the east towards the lake, the southern tip of which is called Paavolanniemi. To the northeast, there is a five-kilometer-long Tervalahti with its bay Uskalinlahti. On the opposite shore of Näsinselkä is Laakonselkä, a bay that is more than four kilometers long and tapering. Between Koljonselkä and Vankavesi is an archipelago, to the south of which the lake is crossed by the terminal moraine of the Inner Finland.
There are boat cruising services on Näsijärvi. In 1929, the steamer SS Kuru suffered the most severe Finnish inland shipping disaster on Näsijärvi.
During the winter, usually during February and March, the lake is frozen in its entirety. Näsijärvi is then used for Nordic walking, cross-country skiing, and everyday pleasure walking. There is a small, rocky island upon which a lighthouse, called , is located; it is the most popular walking destination on the lake.
In the north Näsijärvi has a wide catchment area that includes among others the lakes Ruovesi, Kuorevesi, Keurusselkä, Tarjanne, Pihlajavesi, Toisvesi and Ähtärinjärvi.
See also
List of lakes of Finland
Paarlahti
Näsinneula
Näsilinna
References
External links
Kokemäenjoki basin
Lakes of Ruovesi
Lakes of Tampere
Lakes of Ylöjärvi
Yasutoshi (written: 康俊, 康年, 康稔, 康敏 or 泰年) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(1569–1621), Japanese samurai and daimyō
(born 1957), Japanese sport wrestler
, Japanese sport wrestler
(born 1971), Japanese screenwriter
(born 1962), Japanese politician
(born 1971), Japanese sumo wrestler
(born 1965), Japanese footballer
Japanese masculine given names
Katherine Lloyd (or similar) may refer to:
TV
Catherine Lloyd Burns, actor and writer
Kathy Lloyd, Welsh glamour model and TV presenter
Politics
Katherine Lloyd, political candidate in Stevenage Borough Council election, 2011, England
Catherine Lloyd, political candidate in 2003 National Assembly for Wales election
See also
Katie Lloyd, character in Boston Legal
Kate Lloyd (disambiguation)
Dato' Muhamad Yusoff bin Mohd Noor is a Malaysian politician who has served as State Leader of the Opposition of Penang since August 2018 and Member of the Penang State Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Sungai Dua since May 2013.  They are a member of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), a component party of the state opposition but federal ruling Barisan Nasional (BN) coalition.
Election results
Honours
:
Officer of the Order of the Defender of State (DSPN) - Dato' (2019)
References
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian Muslims
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Members of the Penang State Legislative Assembly
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stone and Stone are a German music duo made up of the husband and wife team Glen J. Penniston and Tatjana Cheyenne Penniston.
Glen arrived in Germany in the 1970s and started a career as a drummer, they met Cheyenne in 1979 and in 1989 they married. They formed their musical duo in 1993 and released their first single called I Wish You Were Here was placed 31 in the German charts for 16 weeks, they released their studio album the following year entitled Miracles. In 1994 they divorced.
In 1995 the regional broadcaster Mitteldeutscher Rundfunk chose the Pennistons to represent Germany at the 1995 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Verliebt in Dich", however this failed to impress the judges and only Malta awarded Germany their only point of the evening. With only 1 point this placed Germany in 23rd and last place, it was the fourth time that the country had finished last in the contest, Germany would finish last again at the 2005, 2015, 2016 and 2022 Contest.
References
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Germany
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1995
German pop music groups
1954 births
1959 births
Living people
German musical duos
The Archdiocese of Guwahati () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or archdiocese of the Catholic Church located in the city of Guwahati in India. The archdiocese is a metropolitan see with six suffragan dioceses in its ecclesiastical province.
History
30 March 1992: Established as Diocese of Guwahati from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Shillong–Gauhati, Diocese of Tezpur and Diocese of Tura
10 July 1995: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Guwahati
Leadership
Archbishops of Guwahati
Archbishop John Moolachira (18 January 2012–present)
Archbishop Thomas Menamparampil, S.D.B. (10 July 1995 – 18 January 2012)
Bishops of Guwahati (Latin Rite)
Bishop Thomas Menamparampil, S.D.B. (later Archbishop) (30 March 1992 – 10 July 1995)
Suffragan dioceses
Bongaigaon
Dibrugarh
Diphu
Itanagar
Miao
Tezpur
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christian organizations established in 1992
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1992 establishments in Assam
Christianity in Assam
Guwahati
"Full Moon and Empty Arms" is a 1945 popular song by Buddy Kaye and Ted Mossman, based on Sergei Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2.
The best-known recording of the song was made by Frank Sinatra in 1945 and reached No. 17 in the Billboard charts. A version by Ray Noble & Their Orchestra (vocal by Snooky Lanson) also charted, reaching the No. 18 position briefly.
Other recordings include:
Bob Eberly with Carmen Cavallero, piano (1946)
Erroll Garner Trio (Instrumental, 1946)
Eddie Fisher (1955)
Donna Brooks (1956)
Nelson Eddy (1960)
Robert Goulet (1961)
Sarah Vaughan (1963)
Jerry Vale (1964)
Mina (1966)
Freddie Hubbard (1976)
Bob Dylan (2015)
Maureen Moore (1964)
It has also been recorded by Caterina Valente 1960, The Platters 1963, Carmen Cavallaro 1946, Jim Nabors, June Valli, and Billy Vaughn 1958.
References
1945 songs
Frank Sinatra songs
Songs with lyrics by Buddy Kaye
Songs with music by Ted Mossman
Bob Dylan songs
Caterina Valente songs
Torch songs
Two human polls comprised the 1951 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on December 3, at the end of the 1951 regular season, weeks before the major bowls. The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968.
Final Coaches' Poll
The final UP Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games, on
Tennessee received 23 of the 35 first-place votes; Michigan State received seven, Maryland two, and one each to Illinois, Georgia Tech,
Prior to the 1975 season, the Big Ten and Pacific Coast (later AAWU / Pac-8) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each, for the Rose Bowl.
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954.
References
College football rankings
The Jocko River is a river in Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin, is a right tributary of the Ottawa River, and lies entirely within Jocko Rivers Provincial Park.
Course
The Jocko River begins at Jocko Lake in geographic Osborne Township; the dispersed rural community of Jocko, on the Ontario Northland Railway, is at the head of the lake. The river heads northeast, then turns southeast, a course it thereafter follows all the way to its mouth. The Jocko River passes through geographic Garrow Township and geographic Clarkson Township before entering geographic Jocko Township, where it flows under Ontario Highway 63. It passes into geographic Eddy Township, takes in the right tributary Little Jocko River, and reaches its mouth at the Ottawa River.
Tributaries
Little Jocko River (right)
Hanson Creek (right)
outflow from Little Sucker Lake, which itself takes in Sucker Creek
Black Duck Creek (left)
See also
List of rivers of Ontario
References
Rivers of Nipissing District
Louis A. Craco (October 18, 1933 – February 15, 2020) was a New York City lawyer, president of the New York City Bar Association and a life member of the American Law Institute. They were a partner with the law firm Willkie, Farr & Gallagher, later - Craco & Ellsworth. They were a co-founder of the Volunteers of Legal Service (VOLS) of New York City - organization providing pro bono legal services to low income New Yorkers. In 2004 they were awarded a Gold medal from the New York State Bar Association for their numerous contributions to development of the profession.
Life and education
Louis Aloysius Craco Jr. was born on October 18, 1933, in the Bronx. Their father was an antique furniture and fine art auctioneer and their mother worked as an elementary-school teacher.
Louis Craco received their Bachelor of Arts degree from Holy Cross College in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1954, and their L.L.B. degree from New York University School of Law in 1957, where they were Notes Editor of NYU Law Review.
Craco died of stroke on February 15, 2020 in Manhasset, NY.
Career
Louis Craco was a partner at the law firm Willkie, Farr and Gallagher from 1964 until 2003, and also served as senior partner in the Litigation Department. Their experience included general business litigation, domestic and transnational disputes relating to commercial transactions; contests over control or dissolution of corporations, partnerships and joint ventures; antitrust and trade regulation; intellectual property and unfair competition; financial and accounting issues; environmental matters; transportation equipment and marine financing; banking; insurance; professional liability; securities; bankruptcy and reorganizations.
From 1982 to 1984, they served as president of the New York City Bar Association. In 1984 they co-founded the Volunteers of Legal Service (VOLS) of New York City, in which attorneys provided free services to New Yorkers in need. In 1999 Craco was appointed the Chair of the New York State Judicial Institute on Professionalism in the Law. They also served in the New York State Court of Appeals Committee on the Profession in the Courts.
They were also a fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers and the American Bar Association. In 2004 they were awarded a Gold medal from the New York State Bar Association - to recognize their high professionalism and numerous contributions to civic and community matters.
Louis Craco was a life member of the American Law Institute.
References
External links
Biography of Louis Craco at the College of Commercial Arbitrators
Biography of Louis A. Craco at Craco and Ellsworth, LLP
1933 births
2020 deaths
Presidents of the New York City Bar Association
People associated with Willkie Farr & Gallagher
College of the Holy Cross alumni
New York University School of Law alumni
Team Doyobi are an electronic music duo, Christopher Gladwin (b. 1976) and Alexander Peverett (b. 1976), currently signed to the Skam Records label. They began their collaboration by producing electronic soundtracks for self-made video art in the early 1990s. They performed at All Tomorrow's Parties in 2003 and 2004 and provided support for Autechre on the European leg of their 2001 tour. Their music has been described as glitchy, 8-bit (due to their early use of the Commodore Amiga personal computer), psychedelic and inspired by video games and movie soundtracks of the 1970s and 80s.
Team Doyobi are often cited as originators or godfathers of the UK chip tune scene due to their early use of obsolete computers as serious musical instruments, taking the chip sound out of the demo and video game scene and presenting it to techno–IDM audiences. Their early compositional techniques exploited the sound synthesis methods and nuances of the machines themselves and did not use their abilities as sequencers for external hardware devices.
Team Doyobi's early sound combined simple synth leads and basslines with funk, r'n'b or soul-like rhythms, overall rendering a stripped-down funky sound. Their early releases were entirely created using Commodore sound chips with no use of MIDI, synthesizers or other musical hardware. Although the technology they use has changed over recent years, their considered approach to the nuances and peculiarities of individual pieces of technology has remained consistent.
Selected discography
Req / Team Doyobi split 12" series (FatCat Records, 1999)
Lucky Kitchen / Team Doyobi 7" (FatCat Records, 2000)
Push Chairs For Grown Ups, EP, CD and vinyl (Skam, 2000)
Cryptoburners, album, CD and vinyl (Skam, 2001)
Demons To Diamonds, vinyl single (Skam, 2001)
DF0:BAD, vinyl EP (Skam, 2002)
Mod Truckin' , vinyl single (Skam, 2003)
Antiquity, vinyl EP (Skam, 2004)
Choose Your Own Adventure, album, CD and vinyl (Skam, 2004)
The Kphanapic Fragments, album, CD (Skam, 2006)
Wheels Of Anterion, vinyl single (Skam, 2006)
ORCH V, vinyl EP (Skam, 2009)
Digital Music Volume 1, vinyl EP (Skam, 2012)
Digital Music Volume 2, vinyl EP (Skam, 2013)
External links
[ Team Doyobi] at Allmusic
Skam Records website
Team Doyobi website
Team Doyobi Myspace
Christopher Gladwin
Alexander Peverett
References
British electronic music groups
The French Woman () is a 1977 French drama film directed by Just Jaeckin and starring Françoise Fabian. The film is inspired by the life of French brothel madam Madame Claude.
Cast
Françoise Fabian as Madame Claude
Dayle Haddon as Elizabeth
Murray Head as David Evans
Klaus Kinski as Alexander Zakis
Vibeke Knudsen as Anne-Marie
Maurice Ronet as Pierre
Robert Webber as Howard
Jean Gaven as Gustave Lucas
André Falcon as Paul
François Perrot as Lefevre
Marc Michel as Hugo
Roland Bertin as Soulier
Ed Bishop as Smith
Karl Held as Stanfield
References
External links
1977 films
1977 drama films
French drama films
1970s French-language films
English-language French films
Films directed by Just Jaeckin
Films about prostitution in France
Films scored by Serge Gainsbourg
1970s French films
Jefferson County Courthouse or variation prefaced with Old may refer to:
Jefferson County Courthouse (Bessemer, Alabama), a contributing building in the Downtown Bessemer Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP)
Jefferson County Courthouse (Birmingham, Alabama)
Jefferson County Courthouse (Arkansas), Pine Bluff, Arkansas, a contributing building in the NRHP-listed Pine Bluff Commercial Historic District
Jefferson County Courthouse (Florida), Monticello, Florida, a contributing building in the NRHP-listed Monticello Historic District
Jefferson County Courthouse (Georgia), Louisville, Georgia, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Idaho), Rigby, Idaho, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Illinois)
Jefferson County Courthouse (Iowa), NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Kansas), Oskaloosa, Kansas
Louisville Metro Hall, formerly known as Jefferson County Courthouse, in Louisville, Kentucky
Jefferson County Courthouse Annex, Louisville, Kentucky
Old Jefferson Parish Courthouse, Gretna, Louisiana, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Mississippi), designed by architect of Pointe Coupee Parish Courthouse
Jefferson County Courthouse (Montana), Boulder, Montana, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Nebraska), Fairbury, Nebraska, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse Complex, Watertown, New York, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Ohio), Steubenville, Ohio
Jefferson County Courthouse (Oklahoma), Waurika, Oklahoma, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Texas), Beaumont, Texas, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (Washington), Port Townsend, Washington, NRHP-listed
Jefferson County Courthouse (West Virginia), Charles Town, West Virginia, NRHP-listed
The 2001 Kuomintang chairpersonship election () was held on 24 March 2001 in Taiwan. This was the first direct party leadership election in Kuomintang history in which all registered, due-paying party members were eligible to vote. In previous elections, only 2,000 high-ranking members could cast votes.
History
Lee Teng-hui had assumed the presidency and Kuomintang chairpersonship in 1988, after the death of Chiang Ching-kuo. With the help of Lien Chan, Lee had withstood a challenge to their leadership in 1997, shortly after the Kuomintang lost that year's local elections handily. In 2000, the Kuomintang lost the presidential election to Democratic Progressive Party candidate Chen Shui-bian, and discontent over Lee's leadership had again broken out. They planned to resign the chairpersonship in September, but eventually submitted their resignation on 24 March, after days of speculation and protest. Lien Chan succeeded Lee as chairperson in June. The first direct leadership election was scheduled for 24 March 2001. In previous elections, only 2,000 party representatives could vote for the office.
Election
Lien Chan registered for the election on 9 February 2001, and ran unopposed, as Tuan Hung-chun was declared ineligible. Lien was required to gather a petition of three percent of the party membership to validate their candidacy. They garnered 521,712 of 537,370 votes in the election itself, at a time when the Kuomintang had an eligible voter count of 928,175. Lien won 97.09% of all votes cast, a record that would stand until 2015, when Eric Chu was elected.
References
2001 elections in Taiwan
March 2001 events in Asia
2001
Kuomintang chairpersonship election
Single-candidate elections
Tenofovir alafenamide, sold under the brand name Vemlidy, is a hepatitis B virus (HBV) nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor medication for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in adults with compensated liver disease. It is taken by mouth.
Tenofovir alafenamide is a prodrug of tenofovir. It was developed by Gilead Sciences based on the protide technology of Chris McGuigan for use in the treatment of HIV/AIDS and chronic hepatitis B, and is applied in the form of tenofovir alafenamide fumarate (TAF). Closely related to the commonly used reverse-transcriptase inhibitor tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF), TAF has greater antiviral activity and better distribution into lymphoid tissues than that agent. Vemlidy was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in November 2016.
Fixed-dose combinations containing tenofovir alafenamide
Elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (Genvoya) — approved both in the United States and in the European Union in November 2015 (compare elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir; (Stribild))
Emtricitabine/rilpivirine/tenofovir alafenamide (Odefsey) — approved in the United States in March 2016, and in the European Union in June 2016 (compare Emtricitabine/rilpivirine/tenofovir; (Complera))
Emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (Descovy) — approved in the United States in April 2016 (compare emtricitabine/tenofovir; (Truvada)). In October 2019, Descovy was approved in the United States for HIV-1 pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP).
Bictegravir/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (Biktarvy) — approved in the United States in February 2018.
Darunavir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (Symtuza) — approved in the European Union in September 2017, in the United States in July 2018, and in Australia in November 2019.
Dolutegravir/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide.
Dolutegravir/lamivudine/tenofovir alafenamide.
Research
Gilead announced a Phase III clinical trial evaluating a single-tablet regimen combining tenofovir alafenamide with cobicistat, emtricitabine and elvitegravir and developed a coformulation of the drug with cobicistat, emtricitabine and the protease inhibitor darunavir. In a 48-week study comparing elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir disoproxil (Stribild) to elvitegravir/cobicistat/emtricitabine/tenofovir alafenamide (Genvoya), the results showed the newer drug's effects to be non-inferior to the established agent, but at much lower dosages and with lower incidence of adverse side effects such as impaired kidney function. The FDA approved the TAF-based treatment regimen for treatment of HIV-1 in November 2015. Genvoya is the first TAF-based regimen to receive approval.
References
External links
Carboxylate esters
Fixed dose combination (antiretroviral)
Gilead Sciences
Isopropyl esters
Nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase inhibitors
Organophosphates
Phenol esters
Pre-exposure prophylaxis
Catoosa County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 63,942. The county seat is Ringgold. The county was created on December 5, 1853. The meaning of the Cherokee language name "Catoosa" is obscure.
Catoosa County is part of the Chattanooga, TN–GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
On March 14, 2002, due to a one-time sudden fog, about 125 vehicles crashed, causing a pileup in interstate 75 that killed four people and injured 39.
On April 27, 2011, a devastating tornado touched down in the town of Ringgold, located in Catoosa County, leaving a path of severe destruction.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. The entire county is located in the Middle Tennessee-Chickamauga sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin.
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 76
State Route 1
State Route 2
State Route 3
State Route 146
State Route 151
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County, Tennessee (north)
Whitfield County (east)
Walker County (west)
National protected areas
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Military Park (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 53,282 people, 20,425 households, and 15,400 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 21,794 housing units at an average density of 134 per square mile (52/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.39% White, 1.26% Black or African American, 0.31% Native American, 0.71% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.39% from other races, and 0.93% from two or more races. 1.17% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 20,425 households, of which 35.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.60% were married couples living together, 11.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.60% were non-families. 21.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 8.10% from 18 to 24, 30.80% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 11.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 93.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,998, and the median income for a family was $45,710. Males had a median income of $31,746 versus $23,790 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,009. About 6.40% of families and 9.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.50% of those under age 18 and 11.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 63,942 people, 24,475 households, and 17,785 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 26,606 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.6% white, 2.2% black or African American, 1.2% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.0% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3% of the population.
Of the 24,475 households, 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.3% were non-families, and 23.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 38.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $46,544 and the median income for a family was $54,796. Males had a median income of $39,962 versus $31,505 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,563. About 8.5% of families and 11.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.8% of those under age 18 and 9.0% of those age 65 or over.
2016
the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Catoosa County, Georgia are:
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 67,872 people, 24,130 households, and 17,293 families residing in the county.
Education
Catoosa County Public Schools
Elementary schools
Battlefield Elementary School
Battlefield Primary School
Boynton Elementary School
Cloud Springs Elementary School
Graysville Elementary School
Ringgold Elementary School
Ringgold Primary School
Tiger Creek Elementary School
West Side Elementary School
Woodstation Elementary School
Middle schools
Heritage Middle School
Lakeview Middle School
Ringgold Middle School
High schools
Heritage High School
Lakeview-Fort Oglethorpe High School
Ringgold High School
Performance Learning Center
Communities
Cities
Fort Oglethorpe
Ringgold
Town
Tunnel Hill
Census-designated places
Indian Springs
Lakeview
Other unincorporated communities
Graysville
Woodstation
Politics
See also
2011 Super Outbreak
National Register of Historic Places listings in Catoosa County, Georgia
Northwest Georgia Joint Development Authority
References
External links
Official website
Catoosa county, GA, genealogy
Catoosa County historical marker
Old Stone Presbyterian Church historical marker
1853 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
Chattanooga metropolitan area counties
Northwest Georgia (U.S.)
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1853
Gnaeus Octavius can refer to:
, quaestor circa 230 BC
Gnaeus Octavius (consul 165 BC)
Gnaeus Octavius (consul 128 BC)
Gnaeus Octavius (consul 87 BC)
Gnaeus Octavius (consul 76 BC)
See also
Octavius (disambiguation)
James Zuill Bailey, better known as Zuill Bailey (born 1972) is a Grammy Award-winning American cellist, chamber musician, and artistic director.
A graduate of the Peabody Institute of the Johns Hopkins University and the Juilliard School, they have appeared with major orchestras internationally.
 They are a professor of cello at the University of Texas at El Paso. Bailey has an exclusive international recording contract with the Telarc label.
Biography
As a concerto soloist, Bailey has performed with the symphony orchestras of
Chicago,
Dallas,
Los Angeles,
San Francisco,
Buffalo,
Ft. Worth,
Louisville,
Milwaukee,
Minnesota,
North Carolina,
Toronto, and
Utah.
They have collaborated with conductors
Alan Gilbert,
Andrew Litton,
Grant Llewellyn,
Itzhak Perlman,
James De Preist, and
Stanisław Skrowaczewski,
and has performed with
the pianist Leon Fleisher,
the Juilliard String Quartet,
the violinist Jaime Laredo,
and cellists Lynn Harrell, Janos Starker and David Martín.
In their sold-out New York recital debut, Bailey performed the complete
Beethoven sonatas with pianist Simone Dinnerstein at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
They have appeared at the
Walt Disney Concert Hall,
Kennedy Center,
Alice Tully Hall,
the 92nd Street Y, and
Carnegie Hall, where they made their debut performing the U.S. premiere of Mikis Theodorakis' Rhapsody for Cello and Orchestra.
Zuill Bailey is a member of the Perlman/Quint/Bailey Trio, along with pianist Navah Perlman and violinist Philippe Quint. They perform regularly with long-time duo partner pianist Awadagin Pratt.
Zuill Bailey is a recording artist for Telarc.
Their recording of the Bach Cello Suites recording was No. 1 on the Classical Billboard Charts. Other recordings on Telarc feature "Brahms" complete works for cello and piano with pianist Awadagin Pratt, and Russian Masterpieces showcasing the works of Tchaikovsky and Shostakovich performed with the San Francisco Ballet Orchestra. Other recordings include their live performance of the Dvořák Cello Concerto with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, and "Spanish Masters," CD for Zenph studios in recordings with the late composer Manuel de Falla. Their discography also includes a debut recital disc for Delos, Cello Quintets of Boccherini and Schubert with Janos Starker, Saint-Saëns' Cello Concertos No. 1 and 2 "Live", and the Korngold Cello Concerto with Kaspar Richter and the Bruckner Orchestra Linz for ASV. Kalmus Music Masters have released "Zuill Bailey Performance Editions" which will encompass the core repertoire of cello literature
Network television appearances include a recurring role on the HBO series, Oz, in addition to features on NBC, A&E, NHK in Japan, a live broadcast of the Beethoven Triple Concerto from Mexico City, and the televised production of the Cuban premiere of Victor Herbert's Cello Concerto No. 2 with the National Orchestra of Cuba. They have been heard on NPR's Performance Today, Saint Paul Sunday, BBC's In Tune, XM Radio's Live from Studio II, Sirius Satellite Radio, and RTHK Radio Hong Kong.
Zuill Bailey performs on a 1693 Matteo Gofriller Cello, formerly owned by Mischa Schneider of the
Budapest String Quartet. In addition to extensive touring engagements, Bailey is the Artistic Director of
El Paso Pro Musica, is Artistic Director of Northwest BachFest in Spokane, WA, is the Artistic Director of the Sitka Music Festival, is the Artistic Director for Juneau Jazz & Classics, and Professor of Cello at the University of Texas at El Paso.
In 2016, Bailey was nominated for and won a Grammy award in the category of Best Classical Instrumental Solo for their recording of American composer Michael Daugherty's cello concerto Tales of Hemingway, recorded by the Nashville Symphony; the composition also garnered Grammys in the categories of Best Contemporary Classical Composition and Best Classical Compendium.
Discography
Prokofiev Sinfonia Concertante and Cello Sonata, Zuill Bailey (cello), NC Symphony, Natasha Paremski (piano) (2016)
Daugherty Tales of Hemingway for Cello and Orchestra (2016), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Elgar Cello Concerto, (2013), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Dvořák Cello Concerto, (2012), Zuill Bailey (cello)
The Spanish Masters, Manuel De Falla (2011), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Brahms, (2011), Zuill Bailey (cello), Awadagin Pratt (piano)
Bach Cello Suites, (2010), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Beethoven: Zuill Bailey and Simone Dinnerstein, (2009), Zuill Bailey (cello), Simone Dinnerstein (piano)
Russian Masterworks CD (pieces by Tchaikovsky and Shostakovich with San Francisco Ballet Orchestra, (2009), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Piano trios by Schubert and Shostakovich, with pianist Navah Perlman and violinist Giora Schmidt, (2008). Telarc CD
Arensky & Dohnanyi: with Special Guest Lynn Harrell, (2007), Giora Schmidt (violin), Kirsten Johnson (viola), Zuill Bailey (cello), Soovin Kim (violin), Lynn Harrell (cello)
Saint-Saëns Cello Concertos with the Roanoke Symphony Orchestra, (2005), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Janos Starker Celebration - Schubert & Boccherini, (2005), Janos Starker (cello), Kirsten Johnson (viola), Zuill Bailey (cello), Soovin Kim (violin), Kurt Nikkanen (violin)
Zuill Bailey: Debut Solo CD, (2003), Zuill Bailey (cello)
Erich Wolfgang Korngold: Cello Concerto, (2003), Zuill Bailey (cello), Bruckner Orchestra Linz/Caspar Richter, ASV
The Rose Album, performing David Popper's Requiem for Three Cellos and Piano opus 66, with cellists Matt Haimovitz and Sara Sant'Ambrogio, and pianist Navah Perlman (2002). Oxingale Records CD OX2002
References
External links
Official Site
Colbert Artists Management, Inc. - Zuill Bailey
"CONVERSATION WITH ZUILL BAILEY", Tim Janof
Zuill performing in Mexico City
BACH & friends Documentary
Living people
American classical cellists
American music educators
Texas classical music
University of Texas at El Paso faculty
Musicians from Alexandria, Virginia
1972 births
Peabody Institute alumni
Classical musicians from Virginia
Dziwny jest ten świat ("Strange is this World") is Czesław Niemen's first solo album, released in 1967. At 20 December 1968, as first album in Poland, "Dziwny jest ten świat" was awarded with Golden record (160 000 copies sold).
Track listing
"Gdzie to jest" – 2:55 (music Czesław Niemen, lyrics Marta Bellan)
"Nigdy się nie dowiesz" – 3:30 (music and lyrics Czesław Niemen)
"Ten los, zły los" – 2:40 (music Czesław Niemen, lyrics Krzysztof Dzikowski)
"Coś co kocham najwięcej" – 3:05 (music Czesław Niemen, lyrics Jacek Grań)
"Wspomnienie" – 3:48 (muz. Marek Sart, lyrics Julian Tuwim)
"Nie wstawaj lewą nogą" – 2:12 (music and lyrics Czesław Niemen)
"Dziwny jest ten świat" – 3:34 (music and lyrics Czesław Niemen)
"Jeszcze swój egzamin zdasz" – 1:54 (music Marian Zimiński, lyrics Marek Gaszyński)
"Chciałbym cofnąć czas" – 3:51 (music and lyrics Czesław Niemen)
"Pamiętam ten dzień" – 3:12 (music and lyrics Czesław Niemen)
"Nie dla mnie taka dziewczyna" – 2:27 (music Czesław Niemen, lyrics Jacek Grań)
"Chyba, że mnie pocałujesz" – 2:57 (music Czesław Niemen, lyrics Jacek Grań)
"Jaki kolor wybrać chcesz" – 2:22 (music Marian Zimiński, lyrics Marek Gaszyński, CC and CD bonus track)
"Proszę, przebacz" – 3:09 (music Czesław Niemen, lyrics Marek Gaszyński, CC and CD bonus track)
"Domek bez adresu" – 2:22 (music Andrzej Korzyński, lyrics Andrzej Tylczyński, CC and CD bonus track)
Personnel
Czesław Niemen – vocal, piano, organ
Paweł Brodowski – bass
Tomasz Butowtt – drums
Tomasz Jaśkiewicz – guitar
Marian Zimiński – piano, organ
Alibabki – background vocals
See also
It's a Man's Man's Man's World - Released 1966, inspiration for 'Dziwny jest ten świat'.
References
Czesław Niemen albums
1967 debut albums
Polish-language albums
Polskie Nagrania Muza albums
Vallateen Virginia Dudley Abbington (1907 – October 13, 2003) was an African American activist, educator, and social worker.  They are known for being the plaintiff in Abbington v. Board of Education of Louisville, where they fought for the equalization of teacher's salaries in Louisville, Kentucky.
Personal life and education
Vallateen Virginia Dudley Abbington was born in rural Indiana in 1907 and was one of eight children. They attended Michigan State Normal College, where they joined the sorority Alpha Kappa Alpha. Once they completed college they married Jesse Matthew Abbington and the pair eventually moved to Louisville and later to St. Louis, Missouri. While in Missouri Abbington completed a Master's in social work.
Abbington died on October 13, 2003, in Los Angeles, California, and is buried in the Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery in St. Louis.
Civil rights
While living in Louisville Abbington taught at Jackson Junior High School. They noted that they and other African American teachers were paid far less than their white peers, which led them to join forces with the NAACP to bring the issue to court in the 1940 case Abbington v. Board of Education of Louisville. Prior to this the NAACP had experienced issues with locating a teacher willing to go forward with a lawsuit, as many black teachers were afraid of losing their jobs during the Great Depression. In the suit they argued for pay equality, as Abbington and other African American teachers earned from $1,490 while white teachers earned $1,750. The lawsuit went to the Federal District Court and the school board informed Abbington that they would provide equal pay for all if they dropped their case against them, which they did in 1941. This was the third such case for the NAACP and the first such case in Kentucky.
After moving to St. Louis Abbington continued to remain active with civil rights and tried to desegregate both the area's low-income public housing and their church, Trinity Episcopal.
References
African-American activists
1907 births
2003 deaths
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
Batrachorhina paraniviscutata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1975. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1975
Polyradiculoneuropathy describes a condition in which polyneuropathy and polyradiculopathy occur together. An example is Guillain–Barré syndrome.
Treatment with a single course of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) infusions has been demonstrated to be a potentially effective treatment (reported to have caused prolonged remission in a case associated with systemic lupus (Systemic lupus erythematosus) ).
References
External links
Nerve, nerve root and plexus disorders
is a private university in Awaji, Hyōgo, Japan. The school was established in 2006 as Junshin-kai University of Nursing and Health. The school adopted the present name in 2008.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2006
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
2006 establishments in Japan
Awaji, Hyōgo
Nursing schools in Japan
In the Late Bright is an album by Tommy Keene, released in 2009.
Critical reception
The New Yorker called the album "another strong collection of power-pop compositions anchored by Keene's buzzing, insistent guitar." Paste wrote that "the weakness is that [Keene's] voice, hoarse and quite deliberate, tamps down the exuberance of their upbeat tracks, even when cushioned by harmony singing." The Oklahoman called the album "alt-pop near-perfection."
Track listing
All songs written by Tommy Keene.
"Late Bright" – 2:16
"A Secret Life of Stories" – 3:52
"Save This Harmony" – 4:04
"Tomorrow's Gone Tonight" – 3:06
"Goodbye Jane" – 2:06
"Nightmare Crime Scene" – 4:44
"Elevated" – 4:55
"Realize Your Mind" – 2:52
"The Right Time to Fly" – 2:58
"Please Don't Come Around" – 3:36
"Hide Your Eyes" – 4:16
Personnel
Tommy Keene — Vocals, Guitars, Bass, keyboards
R. Walt Vincent — keys tracks 3,5 and 6, loops and bass track 3, vocals track 6
Brad Quinn — Bass track 4, vocals track 2, 8 and 9
John Richardson — Drums
Production
Recorded by Tommy Keene, R. Walt Vincent and Jonathan Pines
Tracks 1,2,8,9,10 mixed by Jonathan Pines at Private Studios, Urbana, IL
Tracks 3,4,5,6,11 mixed by R. Walt Vincent at Mesmer, Culver City, CA
Track 7 mixed by Tommy at home
Executive Producer - Keven Lane Keller
Tracks 3 and 6 co-produced by R. Walt Vincent
Mastered by Louie Teran at Marcussen Mastering, Hollywood, CA
Art By Jim Horan
Cover photos by Chris Rady, inside live photo by Burcu Uzer, all others by Tommy Keene
References
2009 albums
Tommy Keene albums
Sufism is considered as an essential part of Islam In Algeria. Sufism was fought and oppressed by the Salafists, and now is again regaining its importance as it was there before Algerian Civil War. Sufis have a considerable influence on both urban and rural society of Algeria. Sufism is the part of Algeria as long as 1400 years ago, so recognised as "Home of Sufi Marabouts". Most of the people in Algeria are the followers and murids of Sufism. Sufism has shaped Algerian society and politics for much of the country's history. Today, very few are aware of this legacy. Might the Sufis now provide an important contribution to the stability of the country.
Influence
Sufism is tightly bounded to the History of Algeria as it is said that the Ottoman governors of Algiers were traditionally crowned in the presence of a great Sufi Sheikh.
Before and after 1830, under the power of Emir Abdelkader, the Sufis saw their position in Algerian society consolidated and reinforced by the Algerian popular resistance against French invasion.
Many non-Sufi Muslims and Sufis united to face the Invasion of Algiers in 1830, the French conquest of Algeria and the hegemony of French Algeria.
Sufi Rituals and Practices
is a devotional Sufi music which is played and sung over the country according to different versions as Imzad.
Other Sufi practices includes dhikr and wird, construction of various Qubbas and Zawiyas to spread Islam.
Rahmani Sufi order is one of the most dominant Sufi order in Algeria, which is a branch of Khalwati Tariqa and it is said to be influential to the present day.
Ashura, Mawlid, Mawsim, Sebiba and Tweeza are widely celebrated by the Sufis in Algeria.
The regular Sufi practice in many of the Zawiyas in Algeria sees the presence of participants to the Hizb Rateb and the Salka without performing any other Sama or Whirling.
The only music performed with the verbal Dhikr is Madih nabawi, Nasheed and , written and sung with rhythm and melody but without any musical instrument except Daf, by the poesy reciters and performers of Dhikr.
The anniversary of the birth and death of a Sufi Saint is observed annually in the so-called Mawsim.
Large numbers of Murids attend these ceremonies, which are festive occasions enjoyed by the Murids as well as Scholar Muslims.
Many Murids, if not most, visit the graveside Maqams, some at least occasionally, many often, and an untold number rather regularly, throughout their lives.
People regularly visit these shrines to invoke by Tawassul the acceptance of their prayers to God (Allah) Almighty, and to offer votive prayers and donations.
Involvement in politics
Official rulers of Algeria began with Sufi blessings when taking power claiming to have had the blessing of the marabouts and dervishes who endorsed the winner politicians, and the political governance always had a relationship of mutual patronage with Sufis.
Impact of Sufism
The massive geographic presence of Islam in Algeria can be explained by the tireless activity of Sufi Khatibs and Sheikhs and Murshids.
Sunni Sufism had left a prevailing impact on Algerian religious, cultural, and social life in this central region of Maghreb and North Africa.
The mystical form of Islam was introduced by Sufi saints and scholars traveling from all over continental Africa who were instrumental and influential in the social, economic, and philosophic development of Algeria.
Besides preaching in major cities and centers of intellectual thought, Sufis reached out to poor and marginalized rural communities and preached in local dialects such as Kabyle, Shilha, Mozabite, Shawiya versus Berber, and Arabic.
Sufism emerged as a "moral and comprehensive socio-religious force" that even influenced other cultural traditions such as Berbers culture.
Their traditions of devotional practices and modest living attracted all people and their teachings of humanity, love for God and Prophet continue to be surrounded by mystical tales and folk songs today.
Sufis were firm in abstaining from religious and communal conflict and strived to be peaceful elements of civil society, and this attitude of accommodation, adaptation, piety, and charisma that continues to help Sufism remain as a pillar of mystical Islam in Algeria.
Sufi orders
Many Sufi orders were widespread in Algeria in the late 1950s, including the following:
List of Notable Algerian Sufis
Algeria is a birthplace of many Sufis such as:
Abu Madyan (died 1198)
Ahmad al-Buni (d. 1225)
(died 1241)
(died 1304)
(died 1331)
(died 1339)
(died 1359)
(died 1384)
(died 1412)
Sidi El Houari (died 1439)
(died 1442)
Sidi Boushaki (died 1453)
Sidi Abd al-Rahman al-Tha'alibi (died 1479)
Sidi Ahmed Zouaoui (died 1488)
Sidi M'hamed Bou Qobrine (died 1793)
Sidi Ahmad al-Tijani (d.1815)
Ahmed bin Salem (d. after 1846)
Sidi Muhammad ibn Ali al-Sanusi (d. 1859)
Emir Abdelkader (d. 1883)
Lalla Zaynab (d. 1904)
Ahmad al-Alawi (d. 1934)
Abdul Baqi Miftah (b. 1952)
Gallery
See also
References
Sufism
Sufism in Algeria
Islam in Algeria
Ash'ari
Maliki
Warsh recitation
The 27th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1878 Nova Scotia general election, the 26th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 27th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1882 Nova Scotia general election, the 27th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 28th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 5th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 1970 Nova Scotia general election, the 49th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 50th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 27th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Warmi Sinqa (Quechua warmi woman, sinqa nose, "woman's nose", also spelled Huarmisenga) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately . It lies in the Junín Region, Tarma Province, Tarma District.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
Henry I may refer to:
876–1366
Henry I the Fowler, King of Germany (876–936)
Henry I, Duke of Bavaria (died 955)
Henry I of Austria, Margrave of Austria (died 1018)
Henry I of France (1008–1060)
Henry I the Long, Margrave of the Nordmark (c. 1065–1087)
Henry I of England (1068–1135)
Henry I, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark (1070–1103)
Henry I of Champagne, Count of Champagne (1127–1181)
Henry I the Bearded, Duke of Poland (1163–1238)
Henry I, Duke of Brabant (1165–1235)
Henry I of Jerusalem or Henry II of Champagne (1166–1197)
Henry I of Constantinople or Henry of Flanders (1174–1216)
Henry I of Kuenring (1185-1233)
Henry I of Castile (1204–1217)
Henry I of Cyprus (1217–1253)
Henry I of Hesse, Landgrave of Hesse (1244–1308)
Henry I of Navarre (1244–1274)
Henry I, Prince of Mecklenburg-Güstrow (c. 1245–1291)
Henry I of Jawor (1292/96 – by 1346)
Henry I of Ziębice (c. 1350 – aft. 8 August 1366)
1512-1820
Henry I of Portugal or the Cardinal-King (1512–1580)
Henri I de Montmorency (1534–1614)
Henri I de Savoie, Duc de Nemours (1572–1632)
Henrique I of Kongo (died 1568)
Henry I, Duke of Guise (1550–1588)
Henry I, Duke of Münsterberg-Oels (1448–1498)
Henry I, Prince of Condé (1552–1588)
Henry I of Haiti or Henri Christophe (1767–1820)
See also
WorldDAB is a global industry non-profit organisation responsible for defining the standards of the Eureka-147 family, which includes the DAB (Digital Audio Broadcasting) and DAB+ standards of digital radio. WorldDAB oversees the DAB/DAB+ standard, ensuring compatibility between broadcast and receiver equipment; supervising upgrades, and future proofing the technology. WorldDAB is based in Geneva with headquarters in London,.
The membership consists of over 80 companies and organisations around the world. They include public and private broadcasters, receiver and electronic equipment manufacturers, car manufacturers, data providers, transmission providers, regulators and government bodies.
Countries represented
Australia
Belgium
Brunei
Canada
China
Czech Republic
Denmark
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Hong Kong
Ireland
Hungary
Israel
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Malta
Monaco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Romania
Singapore
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
UK
USA
References
External links
WorldDAB Website
WorldDAB Eureka! online industry magazine
http://telematicsnews.info/2014/09/16/infographic-worlddab-shows-progress-for-digital-radio_s5161/
Digital radio
International organisations based in London
Organisations based in the London Borough of Camden
Radio organizations
The 1877 Columbia football team represented Columbia University in the 1877 college football season.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
Columbia football
The Sea Shall Not Have Them is a 1954 British war film starring Michael Redgrave, Dirk Bogarde and Anthony Steel. It was directed by Lewis Gilbert and is based on the 1953 novel by John Harris, about a North Sea rescue during the Second World War. The musical soundtrack is by composer Malcolm Arnold.
The film title is the motto of the Royal Air Force's Air Sea Rescue Service.
Plot
It is the autumn of 1944. Allied armies are sweeping through France towards Germany. A British Lockheed Hudson has been damaged in aerial combat with a German Messerschmitt, with both aircraft ditching in the North Sea, twenty miles off the Dutch coast. The four crew from the British aircraft are unable to send a complete mayday alert, although a signal fragment reaches England. Among them is Air Commodore Waltby (Michael Redgrave) who has a briefcase containing secret German plans related to rocketry. Flight Sergeant Mackay (Dirk Bogarde) assumes a leading role in the rescue dinghy, tying everyone together to prevent anyone falling overboard, and sharing their boots with the pilot despite the cold. As the weather closes in and a freezing cold night descends, aircraft suspend their search, leaving the now waterlogged dinghy to face the sea alone. Cryptically, Waltby orders the crew members that if they die, they must get the briefcase to London or throw it overboard should they face capture.
An RAF Air Sea Rescue sea launch is deployed to the search. Commanded by Flying Officer Treherne (Anthony Steel), Launch 2561, or "Sixty One" in radio signals, struggles against the bad weather, mechanical problems and a fire in the galley. Second in command, Flight Sergeant Singsby (Nigel Patrick) dominates the crew, playing a benevolent but demanding hand with the questionable seamanship of junior ranks. On the second day, updated intelligence about the dinghy's likely location is received from the downed German Messerschmitt pilot, who the RAF has since rescued. RAF Air Sea Rescue is now aware the dinghy has drifted inshore, far from its ditching point. As the weather clears, "Sixty One" sights the dinghy and approaches for rescue, negotiating fire from enemy shore batteries and a mine field. Launch 2561 safely returns to England where the briefcase with secret documents is delivered. An injured Flying Officer Treherne and Flight Sergeant Mackay are applauded by senior officers.
Cast
Production
The film was based on a 1953 book by John Harris which became the best seller.
In August 1953 it was announced both Rank and ABPC were competing for the film rights which were expected to go for $20,000.
Producer Dan Angel arranged one of the strongest male casts of the era. It was one of a number of sea-related themes made in Britain following the success of The Cruel Sea. It was one of a number of war movies Anthony Steel made where they were in support of an older British star.
There were six weeks filming on location at Felixstowe followed by studio work at Riverside.
Referring to the film's title, Noël Coward said of the film's two male stars, "I don't see why not. Everyone else has." Redgrave was reportedly bisexual, while Bogarde was homosexual.
The film was shot at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith and Felixstowe in Suffolk. Filiming finished by June 1954.
Reception
Variety said the film "has several basic ingredients of a boxoffice success;
tough but believable plot, a cast too big for the average theatre marquee and exciting action sequences in the climax when the missing air crew is picked up within range of enemy shore batteries."
The film performed poorly at the US box office, like most British war movies of this era.
References
External links
The Sea Shall Not Have Them at Letterbox DVD
1954 films
1954 war films
British aviation films
British World War II films
Films about shot-down aviators
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Lewis Gilbert
British black-and-white films
Films scored by Malcolm Arnold
Films shot at Riverside Studios
Films shot in Suffolk
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
Galveston is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.
Galveston may also refer to:
Places in the United States
Galveston, Indiana, a town located in the state of Indiana
Galveston Bay, a large estuary located along Texas's upper coast
Galveston Bay Area, a loosely defined region in the southeast portion of Greater Houston
Galveston Causeway, a bridge in Galveston, Texas
Galveston County, a county located along the Gulf Coast region in the U.S. state of Texas
Galveston Island, a barrier island on the Texas Gulf coast in the United States, about southeast of Houston
Galveston, Virginia
Arts, entertainment, and media
Literature
Galveston (Quarrington novel), a 2004 novel by Paul Quarrington
Galveston, a novel by Nic Pizzolatto
Galveston, a World Fantasy Award-winning novel by Sean Stewart
Music
Galveston (album), a 1969 album by Glen Campbell
"Galveston" (song), a song released in 1969 by Glen Campbell
"Galveston", a song by Janis Ian from the 1969 album Who Really Cares
Other arts, entertainment, and media
Galveston (film), a 2018 film directed by Mélanie Laurent
The Galveston Empire, the main antagonist in the Japanese anime series Armored Fleet Dairugger XV
Transportation and craft
Galveston–Houston Electric Railway
Galveston-class cruiser, a Navy ship used during World War II
Other uses
Galveston College, a comprehensive community college located on Galveston Island in Galveston, Texas
See also
Galveztown (disambiguation)
The Bot River Estuary, also known as the Bot River Lagoon, is part of the Bot-Kleinmond Estuarine System in the Overberg region on the Western Cape of South Africa. It became a Ramsar site wetland in 2017.
This wetland is the mouth of the Bot River, namesake of the town of Botrivier. The lagoon covers almost between Kleinmond, Hawston, and Fisherhaven. The lagoon is one of the largest open-water areas along the Western Cape coast and discharges into a shallow, triangular shaped lagoon in a wide valley flanked by mountains known as Botrivier Vlei. The waters of the lagoon are separated from the ocean by a wide dune belt with a height of that is partly covered with coastal grasses and shrubs. The dunes have two narrow berms which are sometimes breached naturally or artificially. The main portion of the lagoon can have a length of up to and a width of around .
The Rooisand Nature Reserve occupies around 60% of the western frontage on to the lagoon. The nature reserve is managed by CapeNature and is a designated Provincial Nature Reserve. The eastern side of the lagoon is mostly occupied with residential development. The head of the lagoon on the inland side is surrounded by agricultural land.
During the dry summer months, the Lagoon is a major refuge for waterfowl, of which 86 species can be found here. Coots come some years in particularly large numbers. The size of the bird population, however, varies drastically year to year based on fluctuations in water depth and quality as well as how connected the wetland is to the sea.
The lagoon is also an important fish spawning ground. 41 species of fish are recorded here, out of which 19 are dependent on such estuaries for their life cycle.
Invasive species, especially Acacia cyclops and African clawed frogs, are an increasing threat to the wetland. Residents and holidaymakers alike enjoy fishing, swimming, rowing, and sailing here.
References
External links
Tourist article on bird watching
Nature reserves in South Africa
Ramsar sites in South Africa
Giulia Novelli (1859 – 21 June 1932) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano.
Early life
Giulia Novelli was born in Rome in 1859.
Career
Giulia Novelli studied singing in Rome before making their professional opera debut in that city in 1875, as Pierotto in Gaetano Donizetti's Linda di Chamounix. In the 1880s they had a very successful career at an international level. They performed at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo (1884), at the Teatro di San Carlo, Naples (1888, 1891), at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires (1888), at the Teatro Municipal in Rio de Janeiro and at the Liceu in Barcelona.
In 1885, they sang the title role in Carmen at the Teatro de São Carlos in Lisbon. In 1888 they sang the role of Loretta in the world premiere of Alberto Franchetti's Asrael at Teatro Municipale in Reggio Emilia. In 1891 they sang the role of Eutibide in the premiere of Pietro Platania's Spartaco at the Teatro di San Carlo. In 1892 they took the role of Anacoana in the world premiere of Franchetti's Cristoforo Colombo at the Teatro Carlo Felice. Them other operatic roles included Leonora in Donizetti's La favorita, Maddalena in Giuseppe Verdi's Rigoletto, Azucena in Verdi's Il trovatore, Amneris in Verdi's Aida, Eboli in Verdi's Don Carlos, Ulrica in Verdi's Un ballo in maschera, Laura in Amilcare Ponchielli's La Gioconda, and Pamela in Daniel Auber's Fra Diavolo.
Personal life
Giulia Novelli was married to the Spanish dramatic tenor Francisco Viñas (1863-1933). They had a daughter, Mercedes. Giulia Novelli died in 1932 in their seventies, in Moiá, Barcelona.
References
1859 births
1932 deaths
Italian operatic mezzo-sopranos
Singers from Rome
19th-century Italian women opera singers
The 1998 Lao League was the ninth recorded season of top flight football in Laos. Khammouan Province Team won the championship though it is unclear whether this was a genuine league championship. Public Health Ministry FC quit the league having been ever-present since at least 1982.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
The Rennell white-eye (Zosterops rennellianus) or the bare-ringed white-eye, is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Rennell Island in the Solomon Islands. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Rennell white-eye
Birds of Rennell Island
Rennell white-eye
Rennell white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dorval-Jean XXIII is a high school located in the city of Dorval on the Island of Montreal. It is a French school which has two buildings. The first building contains Secondary I, II and the welcome classes, while the other building contains Secondary III, IV, V and other welcome classes. The school has around 1900 pupils. Dorval Jean-XXIII is located near the Centre Sportif Dorval.
Dorval Jean XXIII was the site of the music video for the song Titanium, by David Guetta.
External links
http://www.csmb.qc.ca/~/media/Images/etablissements/secondaire/jean-xxiii-1.ashx
High schools in Montreal
Kharkiv National Agrarian University named after V.V. Dokuchayev is the state/public higher education institution of IV level of accreditation which is subordinated to the Ministry of Education and Science of Ukraine. The university is located in the village of Dokuchaevs'ke (the suburb of Kharkiv city), Kharkiv Raion, Kharkiv Oblast.
History
The roots of the University began in the Agricultural Institute, founded on 5 October 1816 in Marymont (the suburb of Warsaw, Poland) by the Decree of emperor Alexander І. and has common origins with the Warsaw University of Life Sciences.The Agricultural Institute was renamed into the Marymont Institute of Agriculture and Forestry after joining to it the Warsaw Forest School in 1840. In 1862 the Institute was relocated to the Pulawy in the Lublin province, where it was named the Nowoaleksandryjski Institute of Agriculture and Forestry. The Institute was in Pulawy before the World War I. In 1914, it was evacuated to Kharkiv
In 1921, the institute was rebuilt under the new name of Kharkiv Agricultural Institute.
The Institute was evacuated to the city of Kattakurgan of the Uzbek SSR during World War II. In October 1944, it was returned to Kharkiv. The Institute in March 1946 received the name of soil scientist of V.V. Dokuchayev on the 360th anniversary of their birth.
In 1991, the Institute was transformed into the Kharkiv State Agrarian University named after V.V. Dokuchayev. National status to the University was granted in March 2002.
Campus, buildings and sites
The University campus is situated outside the city of Kharkiv (2 km from the city boundaries and 25 km from downtown). The University consists of six buildings incorporated between themselves. Scientific and educational base: library (more than 600 thousand copies of scientific and educational literature); experimental farm (2 thousand ha); experimental field (70 ha); educational and experimental forestry farm (8 thousand ha).
Park
Dendrology park was created on the initiative of the academic staff of the Department of Agroforestry and Forestry. The first trees were planted as the main alley "Scientists Alley" in the spring of 1972.
The university's dendrology park is 23,2 ha parkland area near main building. As well as providing gardens and exotic plants with more than 900 species of shrubs and plants, the park contains an experimental area for investigating evolutionary processes. It is open to the public during daylight hours.
An extensive geography of plants was imported from Europe, the Caucasus, Central Asia, China, the Far East, Japan and North America. Among the plants in the dendrology park, there are such rare species as the Curly birch (Betula pendula var. carelica), Ginkgo (Ginkgo bilŏba), Betula humilis, Taxus baccata and Pinus strobus, listed in the Red Book of Ukraine.
Institutes and faculties
There are six faculties with more than 40 first and second level of full-time and part-time degree courses. The university staff comprises 294 research and academic staff, of whom 34 are professors and 71 - PhDs. It has 386 additional employees in administrative functions.
Institute for International Education and Advanced Training
Centre for International Cooperation and Academic Mobility
Fundamental Library
Agronomy Faculty
Plant Protection Faculty
Forestry Faculty
Faculty of Land Surveying
Faculty of Management and Economics
Faculty of Accounting and Finance
Post-graduate Education Department
Pre-educational Department
Educational and Scientific Production Centre "KhNAU Research Field"
State Enterprise «Skrypaivske educational and experimental forestry"
Study and Teaching
There are five-cycle degree levels:
entry level (pre-university education);
the first (bachelor) level;
the second (master) level;
the third (educational-scientific / educational-creative) PhD level;
scientific level (Doctor of Science).
Scientists and alumni
Dokuchayev Vasyl Vasylovych (1846-1903), geologist, geographer, soil scientist
Palladin Aleksandr Volodymyrovych (1885-1972), biochemist.
Lukinov Ivan Ilarionovych (1927-2004), economist.
Sokolovskyi Oleksii Nykanorovych (1884-1959), soil scientist.
Georgy Vysotsky (1865-1940), soil scientist, arborist, geobotanist and geographer.
Yuriev Vasyl Yakovych (1879-1962), plant breeder.
Strakhov Tymofii Danylovych (1890-1960), mycologist and phytopathologist
Panorama
References
Sources
Kharkiv National Agrarian University named after V.V. Dokuchayev-Official website
Kharkiv National Agrarian University named after V.V. Dokuchayev-Official website of Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine
Agricultural universities and colleges in Ukraine
Educational institutions established in 1816
1816 establishments in Ukraine
Universities and colleges in Kharkiv
National universities in Ukraine
Luke Hinton is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Great Britain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
British motorcycle racers
Living people
1990 births
125cc World Championship riders
Téa Obreht (born Tea Bajraktarević; 30 September 1985) is a Serbian-American novelist.
Them debut novel, The Tiger's Wife, won the 2011 Orange Prize for Fiction and was a 2011 National Book Award finalist. Obreht was a National Book Foundation 5 Under 35 honoree and was named by The New Yorker as one of the twenty best American fiction writers under forty. Them second novel, Inland, was released in 2019.
Biography
Téa Obreht was born Tea Bajraktarević in the autumn of 1985, in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia, the only child of a single mother, Maja Obreht, while their father, a Bosniak, was "never part of the picture".
They were close to their maternal grandparents, especially to their grandfather Štefan Obreht, a Roman Catholic Slovene of German origin, and to their grandmother, Zahida, a Muslim Bosniak. When the Yugoslav Wars started in the early 1990s, there was no fighting in their home town of Belgrade or in Serbia, but there was concern due to their grandparents' religions, as Roman Catholicism and Islam were closely associated with Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, respectively, which was a serious distinction at the time of the war. They didn't flee immediately, but decided to move to Cyprus for precautionary reasons when their mother found a job there. Eighteen months later they moved to Cairo, Egypt, guided by their grandfather's job as an aviation engineer.
Them grandparents permanently returned to Belgrade in 1997, while they and their mother settled in the United States, first in Atlanta, where they joined extended family, and later in Palo Alto, California, where their mother was remarried to a Serbian Orthodox man. Obreht's grandfather died in 2006, and on their deathbed asked them to write under their surname, Obreht. They later decided to change their last name legally as well.
After graduating from the University of Southern California, Obreht received a MFA in fiction from the creative writing program at Cornell University in 2009. They currently serve as the Endowed Chair of Creative Writing at Texas State University in San Marcos.  They are married to writer Dan Sheehan.
Obreht's work has appeared in The New Yorker, Zoetrope: All-Story, Harpers, The New York Times and The Guardian, and in anthologies The Best American Short Stories and The Best American Non-Required Reading.
Among many influences, Obreht has mentioned in press interviews the Colombian novelist Gabriel García Márquez, the Yugoslav Nobel Prize winner Ivo Andrić, Raymond Chandler, Ernest Hemingway, Isak Dinesen, Russian writer Mikhail Bulgakov, and the children's writer Roald Dahl.
In October 2011, Obreht was a special guest at a charity lunch organized by Lifeline Humanitarian Organization in New York under the patronage of Katherine, Crown Princess of Yugoslavia, to aid orphaned children in Serbia. Obreht participated by auctioning off a private lecture by them at a book club.
Obreht's latest novel, Inland, was released in August 2019. It was shortlisted for the 2020 Dylan Thomas Prize.
Books
The Tiger's Wife (2010)
The Tiger's Wife was published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in 2010. It is a novel set in an unnamed Balkan country, in the present and half a century ago, and features a young doctor's relationship with their grandfather and the stories they tell them These concern a "deathless man" who meets them several times in different places and never grows old, and a deaf-mute girl from their childhood village who befriends a tiger that escaped from a zoo. It was largely written while they were at Cornell, and excerpted in The New Yorker in June 2009. Asked to summarize it by a university journalist, Obreht replied, "It's a family saga that takes place in a fictionalized province of the Balkans. It's about a female narrator and their relationship to their grandfather, who's a doctor. It's a saga about doctors and their relationships to death throughout all these wars in the Balkans."
The Tiger's Wife won the British Orange Prize for Fiction in 2011 (for 2010 publications). Obreht was the youngest winner of the annual prize (established 1996), which recognizes "excellence, originality and accessibility in women's writing from throughout the world". Late in 2011 they were a finalist for that year's U.S. National Book Award for Fiction.
Inland (2019)
Inland was published on August 13, 2019 by Random House. The novel is set in the Arizona Territory in the 1800s.
Bibliography
Novels
Short stories
"The Laugh", The Atlantic, Fiction Issue (August 2009)
"The Sentry", The Guardian, Summer Short Story Special (Summer 2010)
"Blue Water Djinn", The New Yorker (August 2, 2010)
"Blue Water Djinn", 20 Under 40: Stories from the New Yorker, edited by Deborah Treisman, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2010, pp. 285–305
"Items Awaiting Protective Enclosure", Zoetrope: All-Story (Spring 2017)
Essays and reporting
"Twilight of The Vampires: Hunting the Real-Life Undead", Harper's Magazine (November 2010)
"American Idol: Reason to Believe", Vogue (May 2012)
References
External links
Téa Obreht official website
Archive at The Atlantic
2011 radio interview (one hour) at The Bat Segundo Show
Tea Obreht Reads From Them Novel, 'The Tiger's Wife', PBS NewsHour, 1 April 2011
2011 Orange Prize Winner, Orange Prize for Fiction, 8 June 2011
(one title)
Living people
1985 births
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American women writers
American women novelists
American women short story writers
Cornell University alumni
Exophonic writers
Serbian emigrants to the United States
Serbian people of Bosniak descent
Writers from Belgrade
The New Yorker people
Novelists from New York (state)
Serbian women writers
Serbian people of German descent
Serbian people of Slovenian descent
American people of Bosniak descent
American people of German descent
American people of Slovenian descent
General John Mostyn (c.1709 – 16 February 1779) was a British soldier, MP and colonial administrator.
They were a younger son of Sir Roger Mostyn, 3rd Baronet and educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford.
They joined the army as an Ensign in 1733. On 2 September 1743, they were promoted from captain in the 31st Regiment of Foot to captain-lieutenant in the 2nd Regiment of Foot Guards. On 2 April 1745, they were promoted to captain of a company, and was wounded the next month at the Battle of Fontenoy. They served as Groom of the Bedchamber to King George II from 1746 to their death. From 1751 to 1754 they held the colonelcy of the 7th Regiment of Foot (Royal Fuzileers), from 1754 to 1758 that of the 13th Regiment of Dragoons, from 1758 to 1760 that of the 5th (or Royal Irish) Regiment of Dragoons, from 1760 to 1763 that of the 7th (The Queens Own) Regiment of Dragoons and from 1763 to 1779 that of the 1st King's Dragoon Guards. They were promoted to the rank of General in 1772.
Mostyn served as Governor of Menorca for a ten-year period between 1768 and 1778. It was a titular role and Mostyn was not in residence on the island, which meant that their deputy was in effective charge – from 1774 this was James Murray, their eventual successor who was forced to surrender the island in 1782 to a Spanish force.
They died unmarried.
See also
List of Governors of Menorca
References
Sources
John Brooke, MOSTYN, John (1709–79). in The History of Parliament: the House of Commons 1754–1790 (1964).
History of Menorca
1710 births
1779 deaths
People educated at Westminster School, London
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
1st King's Dragoon Guards officers
7th Queen's Own Hussars officers
13th Hussars officers
British Army generals
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1741–1747
British MPs 1747–1754
British MPs 1754–1761
British MPs 1761–1768
Royal Fusiliers officers
Younger sons of baronets
Coldstream Guards officers
Speed Devils is a 1935 American film directed by Joseph Henabery, coproduced by Perfect Circle Piston Company and Warner Brothers, and released by Warner Brothers. The film is also known as Thru Traffic.
Cast
Paul Kelly as Martin Gray
Marguerite Churchill as Pat Corey
Russell Hardie as Dan Holden
Leo Curley
Walter Fenner
Earl Mitchell
External links
1935 films
1935 drama films
American auto racing films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Jean-Claude Coullon was a Général d'armée of the French Army and Commandant of the French Foreign Legion.
Military career
As a trooper enfant () in 1942, they frequented the military institutions of Billom, Autun, and Prytanée where they prepared their candidate access to the grand military institutions ().
They subscribed to an engagement of 8 years at the Special Military Inter-arm School () as of October 1, 1950. In reason of the curriculum of the époque, they were detached to the 19th Mounted Chasseurs Battalion () at Landau. They were designated as a Caporal-Chef (Senior Corporal) on February 1, 1951.
On the 13, they joined Coetquidan. They were designated as a Sergent (Sergeant) on April 1.
They were nominated to the rank of Sous-lieutenant, on September 1, 1952 and joined the Infantry Application School () on October 1.
As soon as they made their sortie, on October 1, 1953, they were assigned to the 3rd company of 20th Mounted Chasseur Battalion () at Tübingen at the FFA, in quality as a section (platoon) chief () and an elevated platoon ranking chief student ().
Designated to Legion reinforcement for Indochina, they joined the DCLE at Sidi bel Abbes, on June 22, 1954, to embark from the camp of Nouvion, on the S/S Jamaique. Disembarked in Saigon on September 7, the war being finished, the young officers of the Legion reinforcement were spread in various units, and Lieutenant Coullon, promoted since seven days, was assigned to the 13th company of the 4th battalion of the 5th Moroccan Tirailleurs Regiment ().
The 4th battalion of the 5th Moroccan Tirailleurs Regiment (IV/5e RTM) became the 2nd battalion of the 9th Moroccan Tiraillieurs Regiment (II/9e RTM) on October 1. They served in quality of section chief and adjoint () to the battalion chief.
Repatriated with their unit to North Africa, they benefitted from a leave at the end of the campaign to count from September 10, 1955. Following the leave, they joined their unit garrisoned at El Hajeb, on November 4, then they followed the unit to Algeria, at Mostaganem, Tebessa and Ras el Ench, as of January 1956. The 2nd battalion of the 9th Moroccan Tirailleurs Regiment was repatriated to metropolis and garrisoned at the camp de Souge in Gironde, on March 11, 1956.
They assumed command of a company in March 1957. On April 1, 1958, they were assigned to the 4th mounted company () of the 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment 2e REI in North Africa in quality as a platoon chief of AM8, then on August 16, they transferred to the 5th mounted company at Ain Sefra, to assume the functions of second officer in charge. They were cited at the orders of the division and at the orders of the armed forces.
On April 30, 1959, they succeeded the command of the unit, following the death of Captain Allombert-Maréchal.
They were promoted to the rank of Captain, on January 1, 1960. They were awarded two more citations, one at the order of the armed forces and the chevalier of the Legion of Honour.
On April 1, 1961, they were assigned to Prtyanée Military Institution to command the services company and the 3rd student company. Admitted to the Superior War School () in 1965, they aren't retained at the admittance candidacy and prepared a license in Law by substitution.
In July 1965, they joined the general staff headquarters of the commander-in-chief of the FFA at Baden Oos, where they successively served in the 3rd and 4th bureau. They were promoted to the rank of Chef de battaillon (Commandant - Major) on July 1, 1967.
On August 1, 1969, they returned to the French Foreign Legion as commandant in second of the Instruction Group of the Foreign Legion GILE at the corps of the CCS at Corte in Corsica.
On July 1, 1971, they joined the first regiment at Aubagne for an affectation at the GLE, in quality as a chief of the BPLE, a post which they occupied until May 31, 1973.
They then joined the Directorate of Military Personnel of the French Army, as section chief of the infantry bureau, then as assistant () to the bureau chief.
They were promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-colonel, on October 1.
Designated to take command of the 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion 13e DBLE, they joined the territory of Afars and Issas on August 4, 1976. On the 16, they received the regimental colors of the 13e. They were promoted to the rank of colonel on December 1, 1976. During their commandment time, the TFAI sees the passage to the independence and became the Republic of Djibouti in June 1977. Repatriated on August 20, 1978, at end of tour and a leave affectation of end of deployment to the 53e GDSOM, they joined in November the Superior School of the French Army () and the Superior War School () at Paris in quality of a group professor. On September 1, 1979, they pursued, in quality as an auditor, the 29th session of the Centre of High Military Studies () and remained at the corps of CHEMM as a cadre. During that period, they participated to several study voyages: South America from March 13 to 27 1980, in Turkey and in Yugoslavia from June 11 to 22 1980. Recalled to the cabinet of the minister of defense (), on June 9, 1981, as assistant chief to the chief of the military cabinet, they were designated in title for being a government missions chargé () to participate from July to August 1982, to the mise en place of the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP through Operation Épaulard spearheaded by Lieutenant-colonel Bernard Janvier, at Beirut, Lebanon. Mission led in particular by the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP. They were cited at the orders of the armed forces for their action preponderant in the preparation of the deployment of the Multinational Force in Lebanon FMSB.
They were nominated to the 1st section of officer generals, on September 1, 1982.
They rejoined the Foreign Legion Groupment and the 31st Brigade, on October 10, to assume command.
Designated to command the French contingent of the Multinational Security Force in Beirut, they toured in Lebanon from May to September 1983 and was awarded an ultimate citation at the orders of the armed forces.
Following, they reassumed command of their commandment post at the Foreign Legion Groupment GLE, relieved in the meantime during their mission by Colonel Forcin.
On July 1, 1984, the GLE became the Commandement de la Légion Étrangère and Général Coullon oversaw the extended prerogatives in exercising the ensemble of applicable attributions of the French Foreign Legion in principal at the title of personnel administration. In addition, Général Jean-Claude Coullon, presided over the patronization and enacting of the 6th Foreign Engineer Regiment 6e REG, which became the 1st Foreign Engineer Regiment 1e REG fifteen years later, on July 1.
On July 1, 1985, they were designated as Director of Personnel of the French Army.
They were promoted to the rank of Général de division on August 1, 1985, then elevated to the rank and designation of Général de corps d'armée on June 1, 1987.
Member of the Superior Council of the French Army from 1985 to 1988, which they would be a Legal Council Member when they left the DPMAT to take the functions of Inspector General of the French Army (IGAT), on January 1, 1989, date in which they were elevated to the rank and designation of Général d'armée.
On December 8, 1990, they were admitted to the 2nd section of officer generals.
On May 11, 1991, they were elected as President of the Federation Societies of the Veterans of the Foreign Legion, a post which they left in July 2001, however was nominated as an Honorary President. They were also nominated to the Council Administration of the Musée de l'Armée as Vice-President from 1990 to 1995, and Council President of Perfection of the ESM from 1992 to 1998. Titled of BQMS and of a DT.
Recognitions and honors
Grand Officier of the Légion d'honneur, 1989
Croix de la Valeur militaire (4 palms, 2 stars)
Medaille d'Outre-Mer (agrafe « Liban » (Lebanon)
Médaille commémorative de la campagne d'Indochine
Médaille commémorative des opérations de sécurité et de maintien de l'ordre en Afrique du Nord (agrafes « Algérie » (Algeria) and « Morocco » (Morocco))
Commandeur of the National Order of the Cedar (Lebanon)
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Pierre Jeanpierre
Jacques Lefort, regimental commander 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP (1958)
Pierre Darmuzai, 2e REP (1960)
Saharan Méharistes Companies (méharistes sahariennes)
Paul Arnaud de Foïard, 2e REP (1965)
Jeannou Lacaze, 2e REP (1967)
Bernard Goupil, 2e REP (1972)
Jean Brette, 2e REP (1974)
Philippe Erulin, 2e REP (1976)
Jean Louis Roué, 2e REP (1978)
Raymond Le Corre
Bruno Dary, 2e REP (1994)
Benoît Puga, 2e REP (1996)
Hervé Charpentier
French Navy
Édouard Guillaud
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations (BCAAM)
1929 births
Living people
French military personnel
Mikhail Osipovich Razumov (1894 - October 30, 1937) was a Ukrainian revolutionary and Soviet politician. They were Second Secretary of the Rybinsk Regional Committee (1922-1923), Second Secretary of the Orlov Regional Committee (1923-1924), Second Secretary of the Bashkortostan Communist Party (1924-1927), First Secretary of the Tatarstan Communist Party (1928-1933) and First Secretary of the East Siberian Regional Committee (1933 - May 1937). They were a member of the Central Committee elected by the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) from 1934 to June 23, 1937. Razumov was executed during the Great Purge.
Bibliography
Разумов М. И. Год работы и ближайшие задачи Татарской партийной организации. Казань, 1929.
Разумов М. И. Выйти в ряды передовых. Иркутск, 1934. 30 000 экз.
Разумов М. И. Победно завершить сельскохозяйственный год. Иркутск, 1934. 25 000 экз.
Разумов М. И. Хозяйственный подъём и культурное строительство Восточной Сибири. Иркутск, 1935. 15 000 экз.
Разумов М. И. О проекте Конституции СССР. Иркутск, 1936.
References
Sources
Библиотека AZ-LIBR — Разумов Михаил Осипович
Справочник по истории КПСС — Разумов Михаил Осипович
Михаил Осипович Разумов
Михаил Осипович Разумов
1894 births
1937 deaths
Great Purge victims from Russia
People executed by the Soviet Union
The Rangers are a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team first appeared in The Incredible Hulk #265 (November 1981) and was created by writer Bill Mantlo and penciller Sal Buscema. The title page of The Incredible Hulk #265 also credits Mark Gruenwald with co-creation of The Rangers.
Team members usually hail from Arizona, New Mexico, or Texas.
Publication history
In the story "You Get What You Need!" published in Incredible Hulk vol.1 #265 (November 1981), writer Bill Mantlo, penciller Sal Buscema, and Mark Gruenwald created the superhero team Rangers. The team consists of western characters Firebird, Shooting Star, Texas Twister, the Phantom Rider (Hamilton Slade, then called Night Rider), and the contemporary Red Wolf.
The members of the team have been identified in the 142 registered superheroes who appear on the cover of the comic book Avengers: The Initiative #1 (June 2007).
Fictional team biography
The Rangers began by accident. Rick Jones was being held captive by the villainous Corruptor, who had the Hulk under their influence. Rick sent a shortwave radio message to attempt to contact the Avengers. The message never reached the Avengers, but instead five individuals intercepted the message and responded: Shooting Star and Texas Twister, Firebird, the Phantom Rider (Hamilton Slade, then called Night Rider), and the contemporary Red Wolf.
Although the five Southwestern adventurers were unable to stop the Hulk's rampage, they did enable them to defeat the Corruptor. At the battle's end, Texas Twister suggested that the five of them get together whenever a threat to the Southwest crops up. They agreed and took the collective name of the Rangers.
However, because of the geographical separation among the members, they rarely acted as a team. Additionally, Shooting Star was revealed to be possessed by a demon at the next meeting of the team and the demon had acted against the team meeting.
Shooting Star's identity was at some point taken over by an unnamed demon in the employ of Master Pandemonium, who believed Firebird to be one of the possessors of their fragmented soul. To keep the Rangers from meeting regularly and perhaps posing a threat to them before they had completed their study of Firebird, Pandemonium dispatched the demon to take Shooting Star's place. Firebird nevertheless believed the demon to be hiding among the Avengers' West Coast branch and with their guidance the Rangers confronted the heroes, only to flush the demon in Shooting Star out of hiding. The demon claimed that Shooting Star was a human guise it had taken long before, that there never was a Victoria Star. The Avengers imprisoned the demon at their Compound and began an investigation of Master Pandemonium, but the Texas Twister, demonstrating a curious lack of concern, did not accompany them. Soon, however, Texas Twister returned to the Avengers Compound at a time when Hawkeye was alone, demanding to see the captive demon. Twister declared their love for the demon, which turned back into Shooting Star. Texas Twister went on to explain that the demon had come to them months ago when Twister's powers seemed to be fading, making them afraid that they would lose Shooting Star if their rodeo act broke up on account of their lost powers. The demon offered to augment the Twister's powers in exchange for their soul, and the Twister agreed, but after their powers were restored they begged to be spared, so the demon possessed Shooting Star instead, casting a spell that prevented Twister from telling anyone about this. Twister studied the occult until they found a means to expel the demon from Star. The demon then possessed Twister themselves and battled Hawkeye and Shooting Star. Ultimately, Star threatened to kill the demon rather than allow the possession to continue, and the demon reluctantly imprisoned itself in a statue. Texas Twister and Shooting Star were reunited.
The Rangers next appear as a team towards the end of the Civil War storyline, in which it seems they have been reformed as the state superteam for Texas. The original five members have been joined by Armadillo, a reformed supervillain, as well as Living Lightning, a former Avenger. Armadillo later quits and joins the Hood's Crime Syndicate, though it is possible they later rejoined the team after several of the villainous members of the team were recruited to pose as heroes in Taskmaster's Initiative. The Rangers next assist in protecting the President from HYDRA's attack. There are injuries but no fatalities.
During the Secret Invasion storyline, the Rangers are seen battling a Skrull that had been impersonating Red Wolf's wolf Lobo. They come into conflict with Kaine alias Scarlet Spider in Houston, then they joined forces with them to battle a monster made of pure energy.
Membership
Founding members
Firebird - Bonita Juarez is a pyrokinetic and may be immortal.
Phantom Rider - Hamilton Slade is the latest Phantom Rider.
Red Wolf - William Talltrees imbued with the spiritual legacy of Owayodota.
Shooting Star - Victoria Star uses a pair of specially-designed "star shooters".
Texas Twister - Drew Daniels has the psychokinetic ability to form tornadoes.
Post-Civil War recruits
Armadillo - Antonio Rodriguez is a mutated given super strength and durability by Karl Malus. They were removed from team for sexually harassing teammate Shooting Star.
Living Lightning - Miguel Santos is an electrical manipulator.
Fifty-One - Alien telepath.
References
External links
Rangers at Marvel Wiki
Rangers at Comic Vine
Marvel Comics superhero teams
The San Francisco Japanese School (SFJS, サンフランシスコ日本語補習校 San Furanshisuko Nihongo Hoshū Kō) is a weekend Japanese school as well as a two week summer school serving the San Francisco Bay Area. The system, with its administrative offices in San Francisco, is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, and was the world's second largest overseas Japanese weekend school in 2006. The school is supported by the Japanese government.
The SFJS rents classrooms in four schools serving a total of over 1,600 students as of 2016. The student body was 1,116 in 2006.
Two of the schools are in San Francisco and two are in the South Bay. For elementary students it operates out of the A.P. Giannini Middle School in San Francisco and The Harker School Blackford Campus in San Jose. For junior high school and high school students it operates out of Lowell High School in San Francisco and the J.F. Kennedy Middle School in Cupertino.
History
The school was first established in 1968. The school previously had the English name San Francisco Japanese Language Class, Inc (SFJLC), and it previously held junior high and high school-level classes at Hyde Junior High School in Cupertino while its elementary level classes were out of Kennedy Middle. At a later point it previously held high school classes at Herbert Hoover Middle School in San Francisco.
As of 2006, there were increasing numbers of Japanese permanent residents and fewer numbers of Japanese temporary residents. The economic decline of Japan and the reduction in overseas corporate postings was the cause of the latter condition.
See also
History of the Japanese in San Francisco
References
Further reading
梶田 正巳 and 松本 一子 (名古屋大学教育学部:愛知淑徳大学留学生別科). "<原著>サンフランシスコ日本語補習校と現地校に通う子どもたち" (Archive). Bulletin of the School of Education (名古屋大學教育學部紀要). Psychology (心理学) 46, 15-20, 1999-12-27. Nagoya University. See profile at CiNii. See profile at University of Nagoya Repository (名古屋大学学術機関リポジトリ). Alternate location (Archive).
External links
San Francisco Japanese School
About San Francisco Japanese School
San Francisco Japanese Language Class (Archive, 2002-2010)
San Francisco Japanese School English page (Archive)
San Francisco Japanese Language Class (Archive, 2001)
Japanese-American culture in San Francisco
Schools in San Francisco
Private schools in San Jose, California
Cupertino, California
Schools in Santa Clara County, California
San Francisco
1968 establishments in California
Educational institutions established in 1968
Ali Mohamed Warancadde () is a Somali politician. They formerly served as the Minister of Interior of Somaliland in Silanyo's administration, they also served as the Minister of Civil Aviation of Somaliland in Riyale's administration.
See also
Ministry of Civil Aviation (Somaliland)
Ministry of Interior (Somaliland)
Politics of Somaliland
Cabinet of Somaliland
References
|-
Living people
Somaliland politicians
Interior Ministers of Somaliland
Civil Aviation Ministers of Somaliland
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brendon Clark is a former professional bull rider.
Clark was one of only a few riders to earn $1 million riding bulls. According to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, they were Australia's most successful bull rider.
Clark was born September 24, 1980, in Morpeth, New South Wales on the Hunter River. In 2008, Clark received six concussions and started wearing a helmet. In 2009 they were hospitalized after a bull stepped on their stomach and chest in Omaha, Nebraska. They retired from bull riding in 2013. As of 2015, Clark lives in California, working as a horse whisperer and television commentator. The Brendon Clark Invitational, a competition for bull riders held annually in Newcastle, New South Wales, is named after Clark.
References
Living people
Bull riders
1980 births
People from New South Wales
Prilesje pri Plavah () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia. Until 2007, the area was part of the settlement of Plave. The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Prilesje pri Plavah at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2007 establishments in Slovenia
John Rowson Smith (1810 – 1864) was a panorama painter in the United States. Their father was John Rubens Smith. Several publications about them and their work were published. They produced a successful three reel rendition of the Mississippi River. It was also published in book form.
They were born in Boston and grew up in Brooklyn before moving to Philadelphia.
Smith was a pioneer in the creation of moving panoramas. They were a rival of John Banvard.
Artist Russell Smith considered them a great scamp and reportedly gave their own son a distinctive name so there would be no confusion between the two.
They died on March 21, 1864 in Philadelphia and was interred at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
See also
Richard Risley Carlisle
References
1810 births
1864 deaths
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
Artists from Boston
Artists from Brooklyn
Artists from Philadelphia
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery (Philadelphia)
Painters from Massachusetts
Painters from New York (state)
Painters from Pennsylvania
PR:NS may refer to:
Power Rangers Ninja Storm
Power Rangers Ninja Steel
Thai Airways International Flight 601 was a Sud Aviation Caravelle that crashed into the sea on landing at the former Kai Tak Airport, Hong Kong, in a typhoon on Friday, 30 June 1967.
Accident
Thai Airways International Flight 601 took off from Taipei Songshan Airport (TSA/RCSS) on an hour-long flight to Kai Tak Airport. The Sud Aviation Caravelle (Registration: HS-TGI), which had made its first flight in 1960, had 80 souls aboard: 73 passengers and 7 crew. With the plane on ILS approach to runway 31 at Kai Tak (HKG/VHHH), the Captain became occupied trying to make visual contact with the ground, and failed to notice that the aircraft had descended below the decision height of . The crew made an abrupt heading change (while already below the glide slope), and then entered a high-speed descent. The aircraft undershot runway 31 and crashed into the sea, killing 24 passengers.
Probable cause
The probable cause of the accident was pilot error, specifically not noticing that the aircraft had descended below the glide slope. The presence of strong wind shear and downdrafts as a result of then-present Typhoon Anita was a probable contributing factor. However, at the time of the accident there were no means of detecting such weather phenomena. Further factors included:
The pilots did not adhere to Thai Airways procedure for a captain-monitored Instrument approach in bad visibility.
The captain did not monitor the approach adequately.
The abrupt heading change after the aircraft descended below minimum altitude may have exacerbated the high rate of descent.
Downdrafts and wind shear may have contributed to the height loss which resulted from this mishandling.
References
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1967
Aviation accidents and incidents in Hong Kong
Accidents and incidents involving the Sud Aviation Caravelle
601
Airliner accidents and incidents involving controlled flight into terrain
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by weather
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by pilot error
1967 in Hong Kong
1967 meteorology
June 1967 events in Asia
Bionychiurus is a genus of the family Onychiuridae, a group of springtails. Genus Bionychiurus was established by Pomoroski in the year 1996, based on the morphological features of the first instar larvae of Onychiurus normalis. Later, Weiner established a new genus Bangallophorus based on O. normalis; but Pomorski synonymized Bangallophorus with Bionychiurus in 1998.
Species
The following species are accepted within Bionychiurus:
Bionychiurus changbaiensis Sun & Wu, 2012
Bionychiurus normalis (Gisin, 1949)
Bionychiurus oblongatus (Lee & Park, 1986)
Bionychiurus orghidani (Gruia, M, 1967)
Bionychiurus qinglongensis Sun, X & Wu, D-H, 2014
Bionychiurus tamilensis Thunnisa et al., 2021
Bionychiurus yongyeonensis (Yosii, R, 1966)
References
Collembola
Animals described in 1996
Tombstone Hill () is a prominent hill (1,050 m) on the north side of Edisto Glacier in the Admiralty Mountains, Victoria Land. Its summit is littered with slabs of hard sedimentary rock, many of which are steeply tilted on end to give the appearance of a field of tombstones. Named by New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1957–58.
Hills of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
The Poor Millionaire (Swedish: En fattig miljonär) is a 1941 Swedish comedy film directed by Lennart Wallén and Sigurd Wallén and starring Stig Järrel, Dagmar Ebbesen and Marianne Aminoff. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bibi Lindström.
Cast
Stig Järrel as Nils Holm
Sigurd Wallén as John Lundgren
Dagmar Ebbesen as Anna Svensson
Marianne Aminoff as Gittan Svensson
Marianne Löfgren as Karin Jönsson
Geraldine Hislop as Vera Wigo
Hilding Gavle as Lindgren
Magnus Kesster as Manager
Arne Lindblad as Jansson
Bellan Roos as Old Gossip
Artur Rolén as Photographer
Wiktor Andersson as Man in cafe
Julia Cæsar as Woman in coffee shop
Betty Bjurström as Coffee shop girl
References
Bibliography
Krawc, Alfred. International Directory of Cinematographers, Set- and Costume Designers in Film: Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden (from the beginnings to 1984). Saur, 1986.
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
Wredlund, Bertil. Långfilm i Sverige: 1940-1949. Proprius, 1981.
External links
1941 films
Swedish comedy films
1941 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Sigurd Wallén
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Bristol is the main settlement in the town of Bristol in Addison County, Vermont, United States, and a census-designated place (CDP). The population was 1,936 at the 2020 census, out of a total population of 3,782 in the town of Bristol.
Geography
The Bristol CDP is located in the northwest part of the town of Bristol, on the north side of the New Haven River as it exits the Green Mountains to the east. Vermont Route 17 passes through the community, leading west to U.S. Route 7 at New Haven Junction and east across the Green Mountains through Appalachian Gap to Waitsfield. Vermont Route 116 runs with VT 17 through Bristol but leads north to Starksboro and south to East Middlebury.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the Bristol CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.24%, is water.
References
Census-designated places in Vermont
Census-designated places in Addison County, Vermont
Hacked is a remix album by SMP, released on February 19, 2002 by Underground, Inc. and Invisible Records.
Reception
Stewart Mason of AllMusic favorably compared Hacked to Skinny Puppy and Front Line Assembly but criticized the album for the amount of filler. They concluded by saying "only the most die-hard SMP fan will make it through this collection in one sitting."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Hacked liner notes.
SMP
Jason Bazinet – lead vocals
Production and design
Steph Dumais – design
Heather Ivy – cover art
Robert Sydow – cover art
Jeremy Moss – additional vocals (2, 5, 7, 11, 13)
Robert Sydow – engineering
Deirdre Wehrman – management
Release history
References
External links
Hacked at iTunes
Hacked at Discogs (list of releases)
2002 remix albums
SMP (band) albums
Invisible Records remix albums
Underground, Inc. remix albums
The Apostolate for Family Consecration is a U.S. Roman Catholic lay movement headquartered in Bloomingdale, Ohio. Founded in 1975 by Jerry and Gwen Coniker.
History
In 1971, Jerry Coniker (1938–2018) sold their business and with their wife Gwen (1939–2002) and their eight children moved to Fátima, Portugal, for what they called "a two-year retreat." Coniker had founded Coniker Systems, which manufactured communications, time management, and sales control systems for Fortune 500 companies. An anti-abortion activist concerned for the family, Coniker decided they "couldn't succeed politically without bringing people back to God."
Upon their return to the U.S., Coniker became the executive director of a Franciscan ministry, the Militia Immaculata, in Wisconsin.
In 1975, the Conikers founded the Apostolate for Family Consecration, which received official approval from the Catholic Church later that year. Among other works, they began producing television shows for EWTN.
In 1990, the ministry borrowed US$1 million to buy an abandoned seminary property from the Diocese of Steubenville, and began to restore the buildings, many of which had not been used in two decades, and expand the property. It paid off the debt in 1996.
In 1999, the Conikers were named by Pope John Paul II as one of twenty couples who advised the Pontifical Council for the Family. In 2004, the pope named Coniker a consultor for the Council. In 2007, in a "Decree of Recognition and Approval" issued by Pope Benedict XVI through the Pontifical Council for the Laity, the Apostolate was declared "a private international association of the faithful of pontifical right, with a juridical personality, according to canons 298-311 and 321-329 of the Code of Canon Law.". Referring to one of the Apostolate's slogans in their statement at the occasion, Bishop Josef Clemens said that "‘Families evangelizing families' is not only a beautiful Christian ideal, it is an urgent need in society today, so that the human and Christian values of the family might be promoted in their fullness."
Gwen Coniker died of cancer in 2002, and in June 2007 the Bishop of Steubenville let the cause for their canonization proceed. The initial investigation, into whether they showed "heroic virtue," began that September. Part of the evidence presented was their refusing to abort their eleventh child, Theresa, when their doctor said the pregnancy would burst their uterus and kill them The baby was delivered safely, and they had two more children.
Organization
Today, the Apostolate operates Catholic Familyland, a Catholic resort and retreat center in eastern Ohio. It offers several catechetical and educational programs for families and parishes. It has also published a two-volume Apostolate's Family Catechism, which was approved by the American Catholic bishops.
Headquartered at Catholic Familyland in central Ohio (established 1990), the Apostolate has had international influence in the Archdiocese of Manila (starting in 1994); México (starting in 1999); Belgium (starting in 2000); Myanmar; Russia; Nigeria (starting in 2004); and Portugal. At one time it also ran the Familyland Television Network, whose studios are located at Catholic Familyland. Much of that content can be found on its YouTube Channel
Among the Apostolate's supporters are Cardinal Francis Arinze, former President of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue (1984–2002) and then the prefect of the Congregation of Divine Worship (2002–2008), when they retired.; Saint Mother Teresa of Calcutta, who joined the advisory council in 1976 (the Conikers were invited by Fox News to offer commentary during their funeral); Cardinal Alfonso López Trujillo, president of the Pontifical Council for the Family (1990–2008); and then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger.
Cardinal Mario Luigi Ciappi, O.P., who had served as the papal theologian for five popes, including John Paul II, became the Apostolate's theological director.
See also
Catholic spirituality
Universal call to holiness
References
External links
Apostolate for Family Consecration
Journey of an Unknown Soul by Lindsey Larson
Jefferson County, Ohio
Christian organizations established in 1975
Associations of the Christian faithful
The 1973 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 23rd season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944, In the 1973 it was called (first division league). Al-Faisaly won its 14th title.
Teams
Map
League table
Al-Jazeera and Al-Hussein Withdrew From the home stage, All results of both teams have been crossed out.
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Paul McGee may refer to:
Paul McGee (footballer, born 1954)
Paul McGee (footballer, born 1968)
See also
Paul Magee, Irish murderer
Kiara Briggitte Rodriguez (born 12 December 2002) is an Ecuadorian Paralympic athlete who competes in sprint and long jump events in international level events.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Guayaquil
Ecuadorian female sprinters
Ecuadorian long jumpers
World Para Athletics Championships winners
Medalists at the 2019 Parapan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic bronze medalists for Ecuador
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
21st-century Ecuadorian women
Castor Raphael Ligallama (born 1 March 1949) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Kilombero constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2005.
References
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
1949 births
Nagarame Nanni is a 1967 Malayalam language film, written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by A. Vincent. The film stars Prem Nazir, Usha Nandhini, Madhu and K. P. Ummer among others. The film tells the story of a family that migrates from a village to the city of Madras in search of a better life. The theme was about the lure of the city and how the dreams of villagers are shattered by its inexorable logic of greed. The plot is similar to the 1965 film The Conquerors of the Golden City, directed by Getin Gurtop and the 1964 film Birds of Exile (Gurbet Kuslari in Turkish) by Halit Refig. K. Balachander's Tamil film Pattina Pravesham (1977) was plagiarised from all these three films.
Film expert B. Vijayakumar of The Hindu described the film as "one of the best social movies produced in Malayalam."
Cast
Prem Nazir as Madhavankutty
Ushanandini as Bharathi
Madhu as Raghavan
P. J. Antony as Anandan Pillai
K. P. Ummer as Captain Das
Sukumari as Mrs. Mudaliar
Bharathi Menon as Madhavankutty's mother
Jyothi Lakshmi as Kunhilakshmi, Madhavankutty's sister
Adoor Bhasi
Nilambur Balan
Dhaamu
Pariyanampatta Kunjunni Namboothirippad
Nambiar
Venu
Kuttan Pilla
Edasseri
Maniyan
Shankar Menon
Solaman
Prabhakaran
Santha Devi
Soundtrack
There are four songs including the romantic hit "Manjani Poonilavu" (sung by S. Janaki), a dance number "Mullappoo Maala Vilkum" (sung by L. R. Easwari) and another hit number "Nagaram Nagaram Mahasagaram" (sung by K. J. Yesudas).
Box office
The film became a commercial success.
References
1967 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by A. Vincent
The Cartagena Film Festival (), or FICCI, is a film festival held in Cartagena, Colombia, which focuses mainly on the promotion of Colombian television series, Latin American films and short films. The Cartagena Film Festival, which is held every March, is the oldest film festival in Latin America.
The Cartagena Film Festival was founded 1959 by Victor Nieto. Nieto remained the director of the film festival for 48 years, their last being in 2008. Nieto died at the age of 92 in November 2008. Lina Paola Rodriguez was appointed manager by Nieto in 2007 and 2008, and will remain acting director following Nieto's death.
Best Film winners
See also
Latin American television awards
References
External links
Cartagena Film Festival official website
Cartagena Film Festival at the Internet Movie Database
Recurring events established in 1960
Colombian film awards
Colombian television awards
Film festivals in Colombia
Tourist attractions in Cartagena, Colombia
Film festivals established in 1960
In set theory and related branches of mathematics, a collection of subsets of a given set is called a family of subsets of , or a family of sets over . More generally, a collection of any sets whatsoever is called a family of sets, set family, or a set system.
The term "collection" is used here because, in some contexts, a family of sets may be allowed to contain repeated copies of any given member, and in other contexts it may form a proper class rather than a set.
A finite family of subsets of a finite set is also called a hypergraph. The subject of extremal set theory concerns the largest and smallest examples of families of sets satisfying certain restrictions.
Examples
The power set P(S) is a family of sets over S.
The k-subsets S(k) of a set S (i.e., a subset of S with the number of the subset elements as k) form a family of sets.
Let S = {a,b,c,1,2}. An example of a family of sets over S (in the multiset sense) is given by F = {A1, A2, A3, A4}, where A1 = {a,b,c}, A2 = {1,2}, A3 = {1,2} and A4 = {a,b,1}.
The class Ord of all ordinal numbers is a large family of sets. That is, it is not itself a set but instead a proper class.
Properties
Any family of subsets of S is itself a subset of the power set P(S) if it has no repeated members.
Any family of sets without repetitions is a subclass of the proper class V of all sets (the universe).
Hall's marriage theorem, due to Philip Hall, gives necessary and sufficient conditions for a finite family of non-empty sets (repetitions allowed) to have a system of distinct representatives.
Related concepts
Certain types of objects from other areas of mathematics are equivalent to families of sets, in that they can be described purely as a collection of sets of objects of some type:
A hypergraph, also called a set system, is formed by a set of vertices together with another set of hyperedges, each of which may be an arbitrary set. The hyperedges of a hypergraph form a family of sets, and any family of sets can be interpreted as a hypergraph that has the union of the sets as its vertices.
An abstract simplicial complex is a combinatorial abstraction of the notion of a simplicial complex, a shape formed by unions of line segments, triangles, tetrahedra, and higher-dimensional simplices, joined face to face. In an abstract simplicial complex, each simplex is represented simply as the set of its vertices. Any family of finite sets without repetitions in which the subsets of any set in the family also belong to the family forms an abstract simplicial complex.
An incidence structure consists of a set of points, a set of lines, and an (arbitrary) binary relation, called the incidence relation, specifying which points belong to which lines. An incidence structure can be specified by a family of sets (even if two distinct lines contain the same set of points), the sets of points belonging to each line, and any family of sets can be interpreted as an incidence structure in this way.
A binary block code consists of a set of codewords, each of which is a string of 0s and 1s, all the same length. When each pair of codewords has large Hamming distance, it can be used as an error-correcting code. A block code can also be described as a family of sets, by describing each codeword as the set of positions at which it contains a 1.
A topological space consists of a pair (X, τ) where X is a set (called points) and τ is a family of sets (called open sets) over X. τ must contain both the empty set and X itself, and is closed under set union and finite set intersection.
Special types of set families
A Sperner family is a set family in which none of the sets contains any of the others. Sperner's theorem bounds the maximum size of a Sperner family.
A Helly family is a set family such that any minimal subfamily with empty intersection has bounded size. Helly's theorem states that convex sets in Euclidean spaces of bounded dimension form Helly families.
An abstract simplicial complex is a set family F that is downward-closed, i.e., every subset of a set in F is also in F. A matroid is an abstract simplicial complex with an additional property called the augmentation property.
A convexity space is a set family closed under arbitrary intersections and unions of chains (with respect to the inclusion relation).
See also
Algebra of sets
Class (set theory)
Combinatorial design
δ-ring
Field of sets
Indexed family
λ-system (Dynkin system)
π-system
Ring of sets
Russell's paradox (or Set of sets that do not contain themselves)
σ-algebra
σ-ring
Notes
References
External links
Vasily Efimovich Pavlov (March 9, 1895, Smolensk – December 20, 1989, Chelles, France) was a Russian officer, a Markovite and lieutenant colonel. They participated in the First World War and the Russian Civil War. They were a pioneer of the White movement in the south of Russia.
They were one of the leaders of the Russian General Military Union. They were an emigrant. They were a Gallipolian. They were chairperson of the "National Union of Russian Youth" in Grenoble, France. They were the head of the Association of Markovites, a prominent figure in the initial period of the existence of the People's Labour Union, chairperson of the Russian Union of Saint George's Cavaliers, publisher and editor of the military–historical magazine "Communication on Markov's Chains", and author of works on the Russian Civil War.
Early life
Born on February 25, 1885 in Smolensk, they graduated from the 1st Smolensk Aleksandrovskoe Real School and the Alekseevsk Military School.
At the front in the First World War since 1914, Pavlov fought in 1915–1917, on the Northwestern and Southwestern Fronts, and received several military awards, including the Order of Saint George, 4th Class (the Imperial Order of December 11, 1915), as a second lieutenant of the 24th Infantry General Neverovsky Regiment of Simbirsk. They were wounded three times.
Volunteer Army
In the Volunteer Army since its creation. Pavlov took part in the First Kuban (February–April 1918) and Second Kuban campaigns (June–November 1918). On July 13, 1918, they were appointed assistant commander of the 7th Company of the 1st Officer General Markov Regiment, and commander on August 3.
On November 30, in a battle near the village of Konokovka, they were wounded and evacuated for recovery. In 1919 they commanded the 5th Company of the Officer General Markov Regiment.
After the formation of the 3rd Officer General Markov Regiment, they commanded the 3rd Battalion. From November 14 to December 4, 1919 they were the interim regiment commander.
Emigration
From 1922 to 1925 they lived in Bulgaria, then moved to France. In 1925, Pavlov joined the Circle of Russian Youth in Bulgaria, then in 1926 headed the Circle of Russian Youth in Normandy. Later they were Chairman of the National Union of Russian Youth in Grenoble. From Germany they were sent as a resident of the People's Labour Union to Lepel in Belarus. During World War II, Pavlov supported the political current within the People's Labour Union, which opposed cooperation with both Hitler and Stalin.
In exile, Pavlov completed the work previously begun by regimental historians on the history of Markov Units. In 1962 and 1964, two volumes were published in Paris: "Markovites In the Battles And Campaigns For Russia In the Liberation War of 1917–1920". The materials of the work were republished in the book "Markov And Markovites".
Last years
Vasily Efimovich died on December 20, 1989 in a nursing home in the city of Chelles (France), and was buried in the cemetery in Clichy.
Like many Russian heroes forced to leave their homeland, Pavlov died in poverty. All of their awards and documents, including the archive of the Markov Regiment, were bought by officers of the French Air Force and are probably kept in the museum of the Invalides in Paris.
See also
Markovites
1st Officer General Markov Regiment
References
External links
Vasily Pavlov
The Commanding Staff Of the Markov Regiments
1895 births
1989 deaths
French publishers (people)
20th-century publishers (people)
French magazine editors
Russian magazine editors
Russian people of World War I
White Russian emigrants to Bulgaria
White Russian emigrants to France
The Men's 200 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 19 and 20 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 19 June at 09:51.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 19 June at 19:14.
Final
The final was held on 20 June at 18:02.
References
Men's 200 metre freestyle
Comfort is the debut studio album by British band Splashh, first released on 4 June 2013 in the US on Kanine Records, then on 2 September 2013 through Luv Luv Luv Records in the UK. It was released as a digital download, Digipak CD and on transparent blue vinyl. A limited edition version was released on transparent blue vinyl with a bonus 10-inch EP, in which some copies were signed.
The first single to be released from the album was "Need It", released in July 2012. The second single was "Vacation" released in November 2012, which was followed by "All I Wanna Do" in May 2013, and then "Feels Like You" in July 2013.
Track listing
Release history
References
2013 debut albums
Kanine Records albums
National Heritage Act is a stock short title used in Malaysia and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to national heritage.
List
Malaysia
The National Heritage Act 2005
United Kingdom
The National Heritage Acts comprise four Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that aimed to alter the way in which Britain's national heritage assets are managed and protected.
National Heritage Act 1980
The National Heritage Act 1980 established the National Heritage Memorial Fund, abolished the National Land Fund, made provision for property to be accepted in satisfaction of taxation and provided for indemnities for objects on loan from museums and libraries. One of the primary drivers for the Act was the public controversy relating to the refusal of the Callaghan Government to accept an offer of Mentmore Towers and its contents in lieu of inheritance tax.
National Heritage Act 1983
The 1983 Act established the Victoria and Albert Museum, the Science Museum, the Armouries and the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew as non-departmental public bodies to be governed by boards of trustees.
Section 30 of the Act made provision for the designation and funding of the Armed Forces Museums.
Prior to 1982, other British ancient or historical monuments and buildings had been protected through the Department of the Environment. This was felt by the ruling Conservative government to be lacking in public respect and to be excessively expensive. The 1983 Act created the Historic Buildings and Monuments Commission (HBMC), another non-departmental public body, to be given the broad remit of managing the historic built environment of England. After the passing of the act, the HBMC was given the shorter working name of English Heritage, by which it was commonly known until 2015. After 2015, the body was divided into two parts, with the Commission being renamed Historic England. English Heritage remained as a charitable organisation, looking after the national heritage collection - including places like Audley End, Kenwood House, and many others.
National Heritage Act 1997
The 1997 Act amended the 1980 Act by extending the scope of the National Heritage Memorial Fund to include things of any kind which are of scenic, historic, archaeological, aesthetic, architectural, engineering, artistic or scientific interest, including animals and plants which are of zoological or botanical interest.
It also modified the 1983 Act, inserting section 31A to make specific provision for preservation of the Royal Naval College site.
National Heritage Act 2002
The 2002 Act extended the powers of the Historic Buildings and Monuments Commission to encompass underwater archaeology within the territorial waters of the United Kingdom.
See also
Listed Building
Scheduled Monument
National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens
Protection of Wrecks Act 1973
References
External links
National Heritage Act 1980
National Heritage Act 1983
National Heritage Act 1997
National Heritage Act 2002
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom
Archaeology of the United Kingdom
Topografov Island () is an island just north of Partizan Island in the north part of the entrance to Langnes Fjord, Vestfold Hills. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition (1936–37). Subsequently, photographed by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47), ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) (1954–58) and the Soviet Antarctic Expedition (1956). The latter named it Ostrov Topografov (topographers' island).
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Agaricus aestivalis is a species of fungi in the genus Agaricus. They are found in Germany and are edible. They usually have a diameter of .
Description
The cap measurement averages 5-10 cm across. Its color can range from white to pale ocher in mature fungi.
Further reading
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jobm.200610296
References
aestivalis
Fungi of Europe
Edible fungi
Route 40, also known as the Mount Carmel Connector, is a spur route from Interstate 91 (at Exit 10) in North Haven, Connecticut connecting I-91 and Bailey Road in North Haven to Route 10 in the Mount Carmel neighborhood of Hamden. Route 40 is a 4-lane freeway with one intermediate exit leading to / from U.S. Route 5 in North Haven. It crosses over Route 15 (Wilbur Cross Parkway) but does not have an interchange with it. This is the only place in the state where two freeways cross without an interchange.
Route description
Route 40 begins from northbound I-91 in North Haven as the exit 10 off-ramp. The designation runs for along the exit ramp. The expressway then proceeds northwest and is joined by on-ramps from Bailey Road and southbound I-91. The I-91 interchange includes an overpass over the Quinnipiac River and railroad tracks. About past the I-91 interchange, the road crosses over another set of railroad tracks, then has an interchange with U.S. Route 5. Access to and from US 5 is via Dixwell Avenue (SR 717) or Devine Street (SR 720). The road then continues through a rock cut where it crosses over the Wilbur Cross Parkway without an interchange about from the US 5 junction. The road soon enters the town of Hamden, where it crosses over the Mill River and closely parallels Route 22 for the rest of its alignment. Route 40 ends at the traffic lights with northbound Whitney Avenue (Route 10). At that intersection it also, down the road, junctions up with CT Route 22, no trucks on both east and west routes.
Route 40 in Hamden is also known as the Edward Armeno Memorial Highway, named after a Hamden police officer.
History
Plans for the Mount Carmel Connector first appeared in Tri-State Transportation Commission's recommendations of 1962. This was not acted upon for several years until the Connecticut Highway Department put up the proposal again in 1967. Originally the Mount Carmel Connector was to be part of the expressway relocation of Route 10 to exit 29 of I-84 in Southington. These plans were never implemented, however.
The Mount Carmel Connector was opened in 1972 from I-91 to Dixwell Avenue and State Street (US 5) in North Haven. It was first given an unsigned designation of State Road 724. The expressway was extended north to Whitney Avenue (Route 10) in Hamden in 1976, at which time it was given the designation Route 40. Originally, Route 40 was planned to extend further southeast beyond I-91 to connect with I-95 in Branford.
Exit list
Exit numbers on CT Route 40 will be switched from sequential to mile-based as part of a sign and structural supports replacement project that will start in August 2021.
References
External links
Connecticut State Highway Log
New York Roads, Connecticut Route 10
Connecticut Roads, Route 40
CT 40 (Greater New York Roads)
040
Transportation in New Haven County, Connecticut
Freeways in the United States
North Haven, Connecticut
Hamden, Connecticut
"Melody: Sounds Real" is the second single from Ayaka.
The B-side track, "Blue Days", was used as an insert song for the Japanese dorama suppli/supply. The single was limited to a special 50,000 copy printing and has sold 24,466 copies.
Track listing
Charts
2006 singles
Ayaka songs
Songs written by Ayaka
Sriwijaya Air crash could refer to
Sriwijaya Air Flight 62, which crashed in August 2008
Sriwijaya Air Flight 182, which crashed in January 2021
Carlos Manuel de Céspedes del Castillo (18 April 1819, Bayamo, Spanish Cuba – 27 February 1874, San Lorenzo, Spanish Cuba) was a Cuban revolutionary hero and First President of Cuba in Arms in 1868. Cespedes, who was a plantation owner in Cuba, freed their slaves and made the declaration of Cuban independence in 1868 which started the Ten Years' War (1868–1878). This was the first of three wars of independence, the third of which, the Cuban War of Independence led to the end of Spanish rule in 1898 and Cuba's independence in 1902.
Because of their actions which led to the eventual independence of Cuba, they are known there as the "Father of the Fatherland".
Ten Years' War
Céspedes was a landowner and lawyer in eastern Cuba, near Bayamo, who purchased La Demajagua, an estate with a sugar plantation, in 1844 after returning from Spain. On 10 October 1868, they made the Grito de Yara (Cry of Yara), declaring Cuban independence, which began the Ten Years' War. That morning, after sounding the slave bell, which indicated to their slaves it was time for work, they stood before them waiting for orders, and Céspedes announced that they were all free men and were invited to join them and their fellow conspirators in war against the Spanish government of Cuba.  They are called Padre de la Patria (Father of the Country). In April 1869, they were chosen as President of the Republic of Cuba in Arms.
The Ten Years' War was the first serious attempt to achieve independence from Spain and to free all slaves. The war was fought between two groups. In eastern Cuba the tobacco planters and farmers, joined by mulattos and some slaves, fought against western Cuba, with its sugarcane plantations, which required many slaves, and the forces of the Spanish governor-general. Hugh Thomas summarized that the war was a conflict between criollos (creoles, born in Cuba) and peninsulares (recent immigrants from Spain). The Spanish forces and the peninsulares, backed by rich Spanish merchants, were at first on the defensive, but in the longer run, their greater resources held.
Céspedes was deposed in 1873 in a leadership coup. Spanish troops killed them in February 1874 in a mountain refuge, as the new Cuban government would not let them go into exile and denied them an escort. The war ended in 1878 with the Pact of Zanjón, which made concessions: liberation of all slaves and Chinese who had fought with the rebels and no action for political offenses but no freedom for all slaves and no independence. The Grito de Yara had not achieved enough, but it had lit a long-burning fuse. Lessons learned in it would be put to good use during the Cuban War of Independence.
Personal life
Born in 1819 in Bayamo into a family dedicated to the production of sugar, they studied at the University of Havana, where they graduated in 1840. In Spain, the country to which they moved with the intention of pursuing their law studies, they participated in revolutionary and anti-government activities, being arrested and forced into exile in France.
After returning to Cuba, and convinced of the need to oppose militarily the metropolis as the only way to achieve the independence of the island, they came into contact with other opponents of the colonial regime, among them Salvador Cisneros Betancourt, Bartolomé Masó and Pedro Figueredo. Most of the opposition, like Cespedes himself, came from sugar families settled on the eastern end of the island, traditionally poorer and less developed.
Céspedes was married twice and had two lovers who also bore them children. The first marriage in 1839 to Maria del Carmen de Cespedes y del Castilo (his first cousin) and they had Maria del Carmen, Oscar, and Carlos Manuel de Cespedes y Cespedes. Their first wife died in 1867 of tuberculosis and in 1869 they marry for the second time to Ana Maria de Quesada y Loinaz (1843–1910) and they had 3 children, Oscar, and twins Gloria (1871–?) and Carlos Manuel de Céspedes y Quesada (1871–1939), who was briefly President of Cuba after Gerardo Machado was deposed in 1933.
Between their two marriages, its believed they had carried on an affair during or shortly afterwards with Candelaria "Cambula" Acosta y Fontaigne ( 1851) then the 17-year-old daughter of the supervisor of their plantation Juan Acosta and wife Concepción Fontaine y Segrera. They had tasked Cambula with sewing the first flag that they designed for Cuba. With Cambula they had a daughter, Carmen de Cespedes y Acosta ( 1869). Fearing for their safety they moved a then-pregnant Cambula and daughter to Jamaica. In 1872 their son Manuel de Cespedes Y Acosta was born in Kingston. In San Lorenzo, before they died, Carlos Manuel met a widow, Francisca (Panchita) Rodriguez. Carlos Manuel and Panchita became lovers and produced a son, Manuel Francisco de Cespedes y Rodriguez.
They named Oscar, their fifth son, after their late second child Oscar, who was executed by a Spanish firing squad. The Spanish authorities wanted to exchange Oscar's life for Céspedes' resignation as President of the Republic of Cuba at Arms (not to be confused with their son Carlos Manuel de Cespedes Y Quintana who was in 1933 named President of Cuba after President Machado fled the country). They famously answered that Oscar was not their only son, because every Cuban who had died for the revolution they started, was also their son.
They had been, before the conflict, something of a musician, and they were part-composer of a romantic song called La Bayamesa. In addition, they supported the work of their distant relative Úrsula Céspedes, even writing the prologue for one of their works.
Their portrait was on the 10 pesos bills in Cuba until 1960 when it was moved to the 100 pesos bill. A municipality in Camagüey Province, Carlos M. de Cespedes was named after him.
References
Further reading
Céspedes y Quesada, Carlos Manuel 1895. Carlos Manuel de Céspedes. Dupont, París.
Portell Vila, Herminio 1931. Céspedes, el padre de la patria cubana. Espasa-Calpe, Madrid, 1931.
De Céspedes, Carlos Manuel & Galliano Cancio, Miguel (ed) 1925. En La Demajagua. La Habana.
De Céspedes, Carlos Manuel & Leal Spengler, Eusebio (ed) 1992. El diario perdido. La Habana.
External links
1819 births
1874 deaths
People from Bayamo
Cuban composers
Spanish colonial period of Cuba
Cuban planters
19th-century composers
Cuban independence activists
People of the Ten Years' War
