Jörg Eugster (*January 4, 1960, in Herisau) is a Swiss author and blogger.
Life
Eugster graduated from the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences (1997–98). Since 2009 they run the platform Wifimaku, where they provide e-books – currently 14 – on online marketing. The expert knowledge of 24 authors is available for free and always updated. On Google Play Books, since 2013, they have recorded more than 12,000 downloads from 63 countries.
Eugster founded the company Netbusiness Consulting, which is located in Vaduz (Principality of Liechtenstein). In addition, Eugster is the founder of the internet job platform Jobwinner, which they sold to Tamedia (Zurich) in 1999, the largest private media group in Switzerland. They co-founded the dating platform Swissfriends, which they sold in 2008 to the French-speaking publisher Edipresse (Lausanne). The portals founded by Eugster also include the tourism sites topin.travel, swisswebcams.ch, webcams.travel and lookr.com.  They are also an expert member of Club 55 – an international network of marketing, sales and management experts. As an online consultant and university lecturer Eugster explores the question where technological and digital trends are heading.
Publications
Wie fischt man Kunden aus dem Internet. Publisher Marketing & Kommunikation ';' 2nd Edition 2009,
Übermorgen. Eine Zeitreise in unsere digitale Zukunft. Publisher Midas Management 2017,
External links
Website of Jörg Eugster
Blogsite of Jörg Eugster
Netbusiness Consulting
References
1960 births
Living people
Swiss bloggers
This article lists temporary speakers and deputy speakers who lead the meeting of the Regional Representative Council of the term before the definitive speaker and deputy speaker for the term is elected.
According to the tradition, since 1950, the position of temporary speakers is held by the youngest and oldest member of the council.
This article also includes the temporary speakers from the Senate of the United States of Indonesia.
Bibliography
References
Lists of political office-holders in Indonesia
Bhadla is a village in Jasdan Taluka of Rajkot district, Gujarat, India. It is about eighteen miles south-east of Rajkot.
History
During the British Raj, Bhadla was the chief town of the small mahal of the same name, and, like Atkot, was originally a Kathi holding, but was acquired by Nawanagar State during the time of Meraman Khavas.
The Bhadla (vid) grassland is very large. It yields about 10,000,000 pulies or bundles of grass in a good year.
Bhadla is very popular, There is a big temple of Goddess "Gel" in Hindu in Bhadla.
BHADLA was earlier known as BHADRAPURI. (JD_Bike _Riders),
Bhadla is a big village in Jasdan Taluka.
References
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Villages in Rajkot district
Lars Gunnestad (born 18 February 1971 in Drammen, Norway) is a former Norwegian international motorcycle speedway rider. They won the Individual Speedway Norwegian Championship a record ten times.
Their son, Lars Daniel, is speedway rider also. Lars Daniel finished fifth in the 2009 Norwegian Championship.
Career summary
Gunnestad first came to prominence in 1988 when they won their first Norwegian title at the age of 17. Their first British club was Sheffield in 1991, who competed in the British League Division Two. Gunnestad missed the British speedway season in 1992, but returned in 1993 when they were signed by British League team the Poole Pirates with whom they would spend this rest of their British career. Gunnestad became a popular rider at Poole and eventually received a testimonial meeting there in 2001. They appeared in five Speedway Grand Prix meetings as a wild card.
Speedway Grand Prix results
World Longtrack Championship
1994 Semi-final
1995 Semi-final
1996 - Herxheim (18th) 3pts
See also
Norway national speedway team
List of Speedway Grand Prix riders
References
External links
Lars Gunnestad profile at Speedway History Info
1971 births
Living people
Norwegian speedway riders
Polonia Bydgoszcz riders
Poole Pirates riders
Sheffield Tigers riders
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Individual Speedway Long Track World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Drammen
Roth Racing was a race team owned by Canadian real estate magnate and racecar driver Marty Roth. It competed in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series.
2004-2005
The team was founded in 2004 when Marty Roth purchased the Indy Pro Series equipment of Panther Racing and a new Dallara IndyCar chassis and competed in three Pro Series events and the Indianapolis 500 with themselves doing the driving. The team ran a full Pro Series schedule with Roth finishing 8th in points in 2005 as well as the Indy 500 in conjunction with PDM Racing where Roth provided their chassis and funding and PDM provided their Chevrolet engine lease and technical expertise.
2006
Roth sold their Pro Series equipment following the St. Petersburg race in April 2006 to focus on IndyCars and specifically their attempt to qualify for the 2006 Indianapolis 500. However, the team never managed to hit on a comfortable set-up for the race car and Roth crashed on bump day trying to find the speed necessary to bump PDM Racing rookie Thiago Medeiros from the field. The team then regrouped and participated in several tests on intermediate and large ovals and returned to the series at Michigan International Speedway in July and ran at Kentucky and Chicagoland to close out the season. Sponsored by Barabco, Roth managed to finish all three of the races they competed in though their best finish was eighteenth. Roth ended up twenty second in points just behind P. J. Chesson.
2007
The team returned in 2007 to race on specific ovals and ran at Homestead and Kansas sponsored by Fountain Powerboats. Handling problems forced them to withdraw early from both races. Roth Racing returned to Indianapolis but wrecked the car on the 148th lap. Shortly after Indy, the team decided to participate in the IRL's new TEAM program to race full-time. Roth then decided to purchase Sam Schmidt Motorsports' IndyCar equipment and move into a larger shop in Indianapolis with the goal of expanding to a two-car operation. The team returned to the series in the 2007 finale at Chicagoland Speedway with the second car driven by P. J. Chesson and both cars finished the race, although several laps down. The team was sponsored by Dussault Apparel's Gene Simmons "Moneybag" clothing line.
2008
The team announced on November 26, 2007 that they had signed Jay Howard to drive their second car for the 2008 IndyCar Series season and that Marty Roth would compete full-time in 2008 Sponsored by Cirrus Aircraft. Roth qualified well at Homestead starting eighth but Howard crashed while qualifying. The team began to struggle with finding sponsors after a three race deal with Cirrus Aircraft ran out. Lids and 1-800-Las Vegas sponsored the 25 and 24 cars at Indy but the team was without sponsors until Men's Wearhouse came aboard at Infineon. The team engineer David Cripps left after the Kansas race and was replaced by Vision Racing's Larry Curry who left the team after Watkins Glen. On the morning of Pole Day Roth hired veteran John Andretti to drive the team's #24 car replacing Jay Howard and they quickly posted the team's highest speeds of the month. Team president Margaret Roth confirmed that Howard will return after the Indy 500. However, on May 30 it was announced that Andretti would continue in the #24 car in the Milwaukee Mile and Texas Motor Speedway races. Andretti also stayed to drive at Iowa and Richmond. Due to lack of sponsorship the team ran one car and the team only fielded Jay Howard in the 24 car at Watkins Glen. In Nashville Roth drove the 24 car and the #25 car did not make an appearance. Roth drove the #25 car in the majority of the season's remaining races. Following being informed that their league license would not be renewed in 2009, Roth placed the team up for sale in October 2008.
It was rumored that former Champ Car World Series driver Nelson Philippe, brother Richard Philippe and their family had bought the team's equipment and race shop and would continue the team as Team France. but this did not come to fruition.
2009
Roth Racing entered two cars in the 2009 Indianapolis 500, number 25 and 52. Neither car actually appeared at the track, although Roth Racing banners had been placed above the garages.
In August 2009, the teams' race equipment was sold to the new FAZZT Race Team.
Driver History
Marty Roth (2004-2008)
P. J. Chesson (2007)
Jay Howard (2008)
John Andretti (2008)
Racing results
Complete IRL IndyCar Series results
(key)
Non-points-paying exhibition race.
References
External links
Official Website
IndyCar Series teams
Canadian auto racing teams
Indy Lights teams
Auto racing teams established in 2004
Auto racing teams disestablished in 2009
is a public museum in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. Constructed between 1942 and March 1945 for the storage and display of the works of art and craft and historical materials donated by the Kikkawa family, former lords of Iwakuni Domain, the facility first opened in April 1944, operating fully as a museum from the beginning of the 1950s. The main building, by architect , as well as storehouses of 1891 and 1944, are registered Tangible Cultural Properties, while the ancillary building constructed in 1931 as the former Kikkawa family offices in the city is a Prefectural Tangible Cultural Property. The collection includes a painting of of the Kamakura period and the Ōuchi Edition Sanjūin, a pocket-sized printed version issued by Ōuchi Yoshitaka in 1539 of Kokan Shiren's (a rhyming dictionary of Kanshi), both Prefectural Tangible Cultural Properties.
See also
List of Cultural Properties of Japan - paintings (Yamaguchi)
Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum and Museum of Art
Iwakuni Castle, Kintai-kyō
Kikkawa Historical Museum
Iwakuni Art Museum
References
External links
Iwakuni Chōkokan
Iwakuni, Yamaguchi
Museums in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Museums established in 1944
1944 establishments in Japan
Colonel Guillermo Flores Avendaño (17 June 1894 – 26 May 1982) was President of Guatemala from 27 October 1957 until 2 March 1958, when they were appointed Minister of Defence in the government of Miguel Ydígoras.
References
1894 births
1982 deaths
Presidents of Guatemala
Vice presidents of Guatemala
Guatemalan generals
Government ministers of Guatemala
People from Guatemala City
"Le chant des sirènes" is a song by Fréro Delavega from the album Fréro Delavega.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2015 singles
2015 songs
French-language songs
Sophie Maurer (born 3 January 1994) is a Luxembourger football forward who formerly played for the Luxembourg women's national football team.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Luxembourg women's international footballers
Luxembourgian women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Three Kings is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand that is built around the Te Tātua-a-Riukiuta volcano. It is home to an ethnically diverse population of about 3,500 people.
Three Kings is located six kilometres south of the city centre, between the suburbs of Royal Oak and Mount Roskill.
Three Kings features a small shopping mall and supermarket complex called Three Kings Plaza. It also has a commercial area, and an accident and medical clinic. The Mount Roskill library is situated above the Fickling Convention Centre which hosts a wide range of community events.
Te Tātua-a-Riukiuta, also known as Three Kings, had three prominent peaks and a number of smaller peaks until most of them were quarried away, leaving a sole remaining large peak (often called Big King). It was probably the most complex volcano in the Auckland volcanic field.
Demographics
Three Kings covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Three Kings had a population of 3,645 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 312 people (9.4%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 372 people (11.4%) since the 2006 census. There were 1,206 households, comprising 1,743 males and 1,902 females, giving a sex ratio of 0.92 males per female, with 741 people (20.3%) aged under 15 years, 909 (24.9%) aged 15 to 29, 1,641 (45.0%) aged 30 to 64, and 357 (9.8%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 48.5% European/Pākehā, 8.6% Māori, 19.9% Pacific peoples, 29.1% Asian, and 5.3% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 40.6, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 42.1% had no religion, 39.3% were Christian, 0.3% had Māori religious beliefs, 2.8% were Hindu, 5.1% were Muslim, 2.1% were Buddhist and 2.5% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 1,014 (34.9%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 378 (13.0%) people had no formal qualifications. 594 people (20.5%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,443 (49.7%) people were employed full-time, 432 (14.9%) were part-time, and 126 (4.3%) were unemployed.
Education
Three Kings School is a contributing primary school (years 1-6) with a roll of students.
St Therese School is a state-integrated full primary Catholic school (years 1-8) with a roll of students.
Central Auckland Specialist School is a school for students with high specialist educational needs. It has a roll of students.
All these schools are coeducational. Rolls are as of
The local state secondary school is Mount Roskill Grammar School. Catholic students attend Marcellin College (coed), St Peter's College (boys) or Marist College (girls). The local intermediate is Mount Roskill Intermediate.
Notable people
Phil Goff, Mayor of Auckland and former MP for the Mt Roskill electorate, attended Three Kings Primary School.
References
External links
Description aimed at home buyers, New Zealand Herald, 2004
QuickStats from Statistics NZ
View of Three Kings in 1920, showing East King, with The Highest King on the left
Painting of Three Kings from 1875
Early photo of Three Kings pa
Photographs of Three Kings held in Auckland Libraries' heritage collections.
Suburbs of Auckland
Mount Keith () is a mountain, (1,530 m), surmounting the east end of the ridge between Rastorguev Glacier and Crawford Glacier in the Bowers Mountains, a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land, Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–65. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John D. Keith, builder, U.S. Navy, a member of the South Pole Station party, 1965. The mountain lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
References
Keith
Pennell Coast
Bill Munsey (May 5, 1941 – March 17, 2002) was an American player of Canadian football who played for the BC Lions of the CFL. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1964. They played college football previously with the University of Minnesota. In 2002, they died after a heart attack, aged 60.
References
1941 births
2002 deaths
BC Lions players
American players of Canadian football
Minnesota Golden Gophers football players
People from Uniontown, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
William Dwight Pierce (November 16, 1881, Champaign, IllinoisApril 29, 1967, Los Angeles) was an American entomologist.
They were one of the earliest students to graduate from the Department of Entomology and Ornithology at the University of Nebraska. They worked as an entomologist at the Los Angeles County Museum (now the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County). They were particularly interested in insect pests, including the cotton boll weevil, and their control. Mainly between 1904 and 1931, they published numerous scientific papers and other works on the topic; perhaps the most significant being the book Sanitary Entomology (1921), of which a sixth edition was published in 2010. During the late 1930s, they taught entomology at Glendale Junior College in Los Angeles; where they influenced Charles Anthony Fleschner, who went on to have a distinguished career in entomology at University of California, Riverside. They described several taxa; but all except Premnotrypes, a genus of weevils in family Curculionidae, appear to have been subsequently reclassified as junior synonyms. Some materials relating to Pierce are held in the collection of the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County.
The weevil species Premnotrypes piercei and have been named in their honor.
References
1881 births
1967 deaths
People from Champaign, Illinois
University of Nebraska–Lincoln alumni
American entomologists
Scientists from Illinois
20th-century American zoologists
Street Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County, New York, named after Alfred Billings Street (1811–1881), a poet and New York State Librarian.
The mountain is the high point of the Street Range of the Adirondack Mountains.
Street's northeast ridge is Nye Mountain.
Street Mountain stands within the watershed of the Saint Lawrence River, which drains into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence.
The southeast, east, and northeast slopes of Street Mtn. drain into the northern Indian Pass Brook, thence into the West Branch of the Ausable River, and Lake Champlain, thence into Canada's Richelieu River, and the Saint Lawrence River.
The north and northwest slopes of Street Mtn. drain into the headwaters of the Chubb River, thence into the Ausable's West Branch.
The west end of Street Mtn. drains into the northern Moose Creek, and thence into the Cold River, the Raquette River, and the Saint Lawrence River in Canada.
The southwest slopes of Street Mtn. drain into Roaring Brook, thence into Duck Hole pond, the source of the Cold River.
Street Mountain is within the High Peaks Wilderness Area of New York's Adirondack Park.
The trail to the peak is unmarked and can be disorienting if there is snow covering the footpath. One portion of the trail requires hikers to cross a stream and it can become uncrossable if raining (especially during Spring snowmelt). Hikers are advised to bring a map and compass.
Gallery
See also
List of mountains in New York
Northeast 111 4,000-footers
Adirondack High Peaks
Adirondack Forty-Sixers
Notes
External links
Mountains of Essex County, New York
Adirondack High Peaks
Mountains of New York (state)
Shadow over Babylon is a novel by David Mason published in 1993 by Bloomsbury in the UK and by Dutton Adult in the US.
Plot
The book's plot opens after the Gulf War when a government minister approached a British business person to execute a plan to assassinate Saddam Hussein. The business person recruits Sir Peter Dartington, the owner of the international construction company. The latter tasked the mission of preparing and executing the job to Security contractor Ed Howard, an ex-Royal Marines and SBS officer. Howard recruits their men at X.F Security firm, all of them are special forces veterans, including their best friend Mike Ziegler, former officer at the Navy SEALS. In addition, Howard is recruiting a Scottish hunting guide to serve as a sniper of the force. The assassination operation requires the team to deal with Iraqi military on the one hand and successfully evade the US and UK intelligence organizations on the other.
Reception
Reviews were good and didn't pint out critical points. The New York Times called it "absorbing" and "an unusually deft first novel" Kirkus Reviews stated that readers would "love the details of exactly what happens."
References
1993 British novels
American thriller novels
E. P. Dutton books
Bloomsbury Publishing books
Asia Brewery, Inc. is a Philippines-based diversified beverage company owned by LT Group, Inc. (), a publicly listed holding company of Lucio Tan.
History
Asia Brewery, Inc. was established by Lucio Tan on January 27, 1982, with the inauguration of its brewery in Cabuyao, Laguna and the launch of its first brand, Beer Hausen Pale Pilsen. This was followed by Max Premium beer in 1983, Manila Beer in 1985 and Beer Pale Pilsen in 1988. Beer Pale Pilsen (now, Beer Na Beer) was launched with much controversy.
By 1992, the company inaugurated its second brewery at El Salvador, Misamis Oriental with a capacity of 2 million hectoliters of beer per annum. It also began diversifying its product line with the introduction of bottled water (Summit and Absolute), iced tea drinks (Pacific Sun), sport drinks (100Plus Isotonic Drink and Cobra Energy Drink) and alcoholic mixes (Tanduay Ice and Tanduay Black “alcomixes”). The company is also looking into expanding into the international market.
International brands
The company currently brews Colt 45 (under license) and distributes Asahi Super Dry beers. It was previously a licensee brewer of Carlsberg (1987), Budweiser (1997), Lone Star (1999), Coors Original (2007) and Coors Light (2007) beers. In May 2016, the company announced it signed an agreement with Heineken International to establish a new venture (AB Heineken Philippines, Inc.) that will brew and distribute Heineken brands. The company also announced it will begin distributing Heineken and Tiger Beer.
In 2007, the company became the Philippine bottler of Virgin Cola, through its subsidiary InterBev Philippines, Inc. until the closure of Virgin Cola.
In 2011, the company acquired Philippine distribution rights for Vitamilk soy milk from Thailand's Green Spot Company Ltd., with an option to manufacture the product under a joint-venture agreement given certain sales milestones. The following year, the company announced the establishment of AB Pascual Foods, a joint-venture with Spanish dairy company Grupo Leche Pascual (renamed as Calidad Pascual in 2014) to enter the yogurt market. The venture will initially import Creamy Delight yogurt with the intention of putting up a yogurt manufacturing facility in the Philippines in two to three years.
In March 2014, the company announced it had acquired the license to manufacture and distribute the ready-to-drink version of Nestea, taking over from Coca-Cola Bottlers Philippines, Inc. (now Coca-Cola Beverages Philippines).
Breweries
Cabuyao, Laguna
El Salvador, Misamis Oriental
Products
Beer:
Beer Na Beer (Beer Pale Pilsen)
Colt 45 malt liquor – under license
Brew Kettle (wheat beer)
Asahi Super Dry – distribution
Heineken - distribution
Tiger Beer - distribution
Alcomix:
Tanduay Ice (flavored vodka)
Tanduay Ice Zero (flavored vodka)
Tanduay Black (rum and cola)
Wine:
Vivo Wine
Non-alcoholic:
Absolute Distilled Drinking Water
Summit Natural Drinking Water
Barista's Best
Cobra Energy Drink
Coco Fresh
Pacific Sun Coco Fresh Coconut Water
Nestea (ready-to-drink) - under license
Sunkist Carbonated Juice - under license
Dairy:
Vitamilk Soy Milk – distribution
Creamy Delight Yogurt
Bifrutas - distribution (under license from Calidad Pascual)
Discontinued:
Beer Hausen Pale Pilsen
Max Premium Beer
Stag Pale Pilsen
Admiral Beer
Q Shandy
Colt Ice
Pacific Sun (iced tea drink)
Feelgood (juice drink)
Summit Vitamin Water
Summit Clear
Carlsberg – under license
Lone Star – under license
Budweiser – under license
Virgin Cola In Color Red – under license
Virgin Lemon-Lime In Color Blue - under license
Virgin Orange Soda In Color Orange - under license
Coors Original – under license
Coors Light – under license
Magnum 8.8 Alcomix
Roots Ginger Brew sparkling non-alcoholic drink
100Plus sports drink
Manila Beer
Manila Beer Light
Ultimo Craft
Red Oak Sangria
Basketball teams
Cobra Energy Drink Iron Men (PBL, 2009–2010; PBA D-League, 2011)
Stag Pale Pilseners (PBL, 1995-1996)
Manila Beer Brewmasters (PBA, 1984-1986)
References
External links
Asia Brewery, Inc.
Creamy Delight yogurt
LT Group, Inc.
Breweries of the Philippines
Philippine alcoholic drinks
Companies based in Makati
Food and drink companies established in 1982
Philippine companies established in 1982
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
January 14 – Egyptian poet Omar Hazek, who was released from prison in September 2015, is prevented from leaving Egypt to receive the 2016 Oxfam Novib/PEN Award for Freedom of Expression.
January 26 – Egyptian poet Fatima Naoot is sentenced to three years in prison, found guilty of "contempt of religion." Naoot goes to prison immediately and must appeal from there.
American poets Hawona Sullivan Janzen and Clarence White participate in public art project Rondo Family Reunion in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Anniversaries
January 25 – the 125th birthday of Osip Mandelstam.
March 5 – semicentenary of the death of Anna Akhmatova, Russian poet (Requiem)
March 27 – 90th birthday of Frank O'Hara. (See July 25)
April 24 – centenary of the start of the Easter Rising in Dublin, which inspired W. B. Yeats's poem "Easter, 1916".
May 21 – 90th birthday of Robert Creeley (d. 2005).
June 7 – semicentenary of the death of Jean Arp, French sculptor, painter and poet, leader in Dadaism
July 11 – semicentenary of the death of Delmore Schwartz, American poet, Bollingen Prize winner and short story writer ("In Dreams Begin Responsibilities")
July 25 – semicentenary of the death of Frank O'Hara, American poet and key member of the New York School of poetry. (See March 27)
August 29 – semicentenary of the death of Melvin Tolson, American poet Modernist poet, educator, columnist, and politician
September 25 – semicentenary of the death of Mina Loy, British-born American artist, poet, Futurist and actor
September 28 – semicentenary of the death of André Breton, French poet, essayist and theorist; the leading exponent of Surrealism in literature
Selection of works published in English
Australia
Canada
Gwen Benaway, Passage
Joe Denham, Regeneration Machine
Steven Heighton, The Waking Comes Late
Susan Holbrook, Throaty Wipes
Garry Thomas Morse, Prairie Harbour
Rachel Rose, Marry & Burn
Gregory Scofield, Witness, I Am
Anthologies in Canada
India
Sudeep Sen, Erotext, Penguin Books,
New Zealand
Tusiata Avia, Fale Aiutu – Spirit House, Victoria University Press,
Poets in Best New Zealand Poems
These poets wrote the 25 poems selected for Best New Zealand Poems 2015 (guest editor was John Newton, published this year:
Morgan Bach
Serie Barford
Sarah Jane Barnett
David Beach
Hera Lindsay Bird
Wystan Curnow
John Dennison
Belinda Diepenheim
Murray Edmond
Joan Fleming
Bernadette Hall
Dinah Hawken
Alexandra Hollis
Brent Kininmont
Iain Lonie
Selina Tusitala Marsh
Frankie McMillan
Gregory O'Brien
Vincent O'Sullivan
Frances Samuel
kani te manukura
Steven Toussaint
Bryan Walpert
Alison Wong
Ashleigh Young
United Kingdom
England
Jay Bernard, The Red and Yellow Nothing
Emily Berry, Anne Carson and Sophie Collins, If I'm Scared We Can't Win (Penguin Modern Poets)
Brian Bilston, You Took the Last Bus Home
Rachael Boast, Void Studies
Vahni Capildeo, Measures of Expatriation (Trinidad-born poet)
Melissa Lee-Houghton, Sunshine
Hollie McNish, Nobody Told Me
Alice Oswald, Falling Awake
Ruth Padel, Tidings – A Christmas Journey
Denise Riley, Say Something Back
Kae Tempest, Let Them Eat Chaos
Rebecca Watts, The Met Office Advises Caution
Northern Ireland
Scotland
Michel Faber, Undying: a love story (Dutch-born writer)
Anthologies in the United Kingdom
Carol Ann Duffy and Gillian Clarke, The Map and the Clock: A Laureates' Choice of the Poetry of Britain and Ireland
Criticism, scholarship and biography in the United Kingdom
United States
Alphabetical listing by author name
Jos Charles, Safe Space (Ahsahta Press)
Matthew and Michael Dickman, Brother (Faber)
Tyehimba Jess, Olio
Ben Lerner, No Art (collection incorporating three previous volumes)
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in This One
Michael Palmer, The Laughter of the Sphinx (New Directions)
Ocean Vuong, Night Sky With Exit Wounds (Copper Canyon Press)
C. D. Wright. ShallCross (Copper Canyon Press)
Anthologies in the United States
Criticism, scholarship and biography in the United States
J.D. McClatchy. Sweet Theft: A Poet's Commonplace Book
C. D. Wright. The Poet, The Lion, Talking Pictures, El Farolito, A Wedding in St. Roch, The Big Box Store, The Warp in the Mirror, Spring, Midnights, Fire & All (Copper Canyon Press)
Poets in The Best American Poetry 2016
Works published in other languages
French
German
Antony Theodore, Du bist die Seele meins Seins (Ventura Verlag),
Awards and honors by country
Awards announced this year:
International
Struga Poetry Evenings Golden Wreath Laureate : Margaret Atwood
Australia awards and honors
C. J. Dennis Prize for Poetry:
Kenneth Slessor Prize for Poetry:
Canada awards and honors
Archibald Lampman Award: Pearl Pirie, the pet radish, shrunken
Atlantic Poetry Prize: Susan Goyette, The Brief Reincarnation of a Girl
2016 Governor General's Awards: Steven Heighton, The Waking Comes Late (English); Normand de Bellefeuille, Le poème est une maison de bord de mer (French)
Griffin Poetry Prize:
Canada: Liz Howard, Infinite Citizen of the Shaking Tent
International: Norman Dubie, The Quotations of Bone
Lifetime Recognition Award (presented by the Griffin trustees): Adam Zagajewski.
Latner Writers' Trust Poetry Prize: Gregory Scofield
Gerald Lampert Award: Ben Ladouceur, Otter
Pat Lowther Award: Lorna Crozier, The Wrong Cat
Prix Alain-Grandbois: Rosalie Lessard, L'observatoire
Raymond Souster Award: Lorna Crozier, The Wrong Cat
Dorothy Livesay Poetry Prize: Raoul Fernandes, Transmitter and Receiver
Prix Émile-Nelligan: Jonathan Lamy, La vie sauve
France awards and honors
Prix Goncourt de la Poésie:
India awards and honors
Sahitya Akademi Award : Papineni Sivasankar for Rajanigandha (Telugu)
Jnanpith Award : Shankha Ghosh
New Zealand awards and honors
Prime Minister's Awards for Literary Achievement:
Montana New Zealand Book Awards (poetry category):
United Kingdom awards and honors
Cholmondeley Award: Maura Dooley, David Morley, Peter Sansom, Iain Sinclair
Costa Award (formerly "Whitbread Awards") for poetry:
Shortlist: Melissa Lee-Houghton, Sunshine; Alice Oswald, Falling Awake; Denise Riley, Say Something Back; Kae Tempest, Let Them Eat Chaos
English Association's Fellows' Poetry Prizes:
Eric Gregory Award (for a collection of poems by a poet under the age of 30):
Forward Poetry Prize:
Best Collection:
Shortlist: Vahni Capildeo, Measures of Expatriation
Best First Collection:
Shortlist: Tiphanie Yanique, Wife
Best Poem:
Shortlist:
Jerwood Aldeburgh First Collection Prize for poetry:
Shortlist:
Manchester Poetry Prize:
National Poet of Wales:
National Poetry Competition : Stephen Sexton for The Curfew
T. S. Eliot Prize (United Kingdom and Ireland): Jacob Polley, Jackself
Shortlist (announced in November 2016): 2016 Short List
The Times / Stephen Spender Prize for Poetry Translation:
Wilfred Owen Poetry Award: Carol Ann Duffy
United States awards and honors
Arab American Book Award (The George Ellenbogen Poetry Award):
Honorable Mentions:
Agnes Lynch Starrett Poetry Prize: Erin Adair-Hodges for Let's All Die Happy
Anisfield-Wolf Book Award:
Best Translated Book Award (BTBA):
Beatrice Hawley Award from Alice James Books:
Jackson Poetry Prize: Will Alexander (poet)
Judges: Elizabeth Alexander, Rae Armantrout, and Terrance Hayes
Lambda Literary Award:
Gay Poetry:
Lesbian Poetry:
Lenore Marshall Poetry Prize:
Los Angeles Times Book Prize:
Finalists:
National Book Award for Poetry (NBA):
NBA Finalists:
NBA Longlist:
NBA Judges:
National Book Critics Circle Award for Poetry:
The New Criterion Poetry Prize:
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry (United States): to Ozone Journal by Peter Balakian
Finalists: to Four-Legged Girl by Diane Seuss ; and to Alive: New and Selected Poems by Elizabeth Willis
Wallace Stevens Award:
Whiting Awards:
PEN Award for Poetry in Translation:
PEN Center USA 2016 Poetry Award:
PEN/Voelcker Award for Poetry: (Judges: )
Raiziss/de Palchi Translation Award:
Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize:
Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award:
Walt Whitman Prize – – Judge:
Yale Younger Series:
From the Poetry Society of America
Frost Medal:
Shelley Memorial Award:
Writer Magazine/Emily Dickinson Award:
Lyric Poetry Award:
Alice Fay Di Castagnola Award:
Louise Louis/Emily F. Bourne Student Poetry Award:
George Bogin Memorial Award:
Robert H. Winner Memorial Award:
Cecil Hemley Memorial Award:
Norma Farber First Book Award:
Lucille Medwick Memorial Award:
William Carlos Williams Award: (Judge: )
Finalists for WCW Award:
Conferences and workshops by country
Australia
Canada
Mexico
New Zealand
United Kingdom
United States
Deaths
January – June
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 1 – Fazu Aliyeva, 83 (born 1932), Russian Avar poet and journalist
January 6 – Nivaria Tejera, 86 (born 1929), Cuban poet and novelist
January 9 – Zelimkhan Yaqub, 66 (born 1950), Azerbaijani poet
January 12 – C. D. Wright, 67 (born 1949), American poet who was the former poet laureate of Rhode Island and winner of the 2009 International Griffin Poetry Prize
January 15 – Francisco X. Alarcón, 61 (born 1954), Chicano-American poet who was born in California and grew up in Guadalajara, Mexico
January 19 – Laurence Lerner, 90 (born 1925), South African-born English-language poet and academic
February 7 – Andrew Glaze, 90 (born 1920), American poet appointed 11th Poet Laureate of Alabama in 2013
February 8 – Nida Fazli, 77 (born 1938), Indian poet and lyricist
February 21 – Akbar Ali, 90 (born 1925), Indian Kannada poet
Miroslav Nemirov, 54 (born 1961), Russian poet
March 5 – Rafael Squirru, 90 (born 1925), Argentine author, art critic and poet
April 13 – Jock Scot, 63 (born 1952), Scottish performance poet
April 30 – Daniel Berrigan, 94 (born 1921), American Jesuit priest, poet, peace activist and recidivist (one of Catonsville Nine); winner of Lamont Prize for their book of poems Time Without Number
June 4 – , 82, Russian poet.
June 16 – Bill Berkson, 76, American poet and art critic, heart attack.
June 25 – Adam Small, 79, South African writer and poet, winner of the Hertzog Prize. (born 1936).
June 30 – Sir Geoffrey Hill, 84, English poet
July – December
July 1 – Yves Bonnefoy, 93, French poet, essayist, translator, and critic (born 1923)
September 3 – Peter Oresick, 60, American poet (born 1955)
September 4 – Novella Matveyeva, 81, Russian poet and singer-songwriter (born 1934)
October 14 – Brigit Pegeen Kelly, American poet (born 1951)
October 28 – Jolanda Insana, 79, Italian poet and translator, Viareggio Prize recipient
December 27 – Anthony Cronin, 92, Irish poet (born 1928)
December 30 – Judith Ortiz Cofer, 64, Puerto Rican American poet and educator
December 31 – David Meltzer, 79, American poet and musician
See also
Poetry
List of years in poetry
List of poetry awards
References
External links
2010s in poetry
2016 poems
Linux-libre is a modified version of the Linux kernel that contains no binary blobs, obfuscated code, or code released under proprietary licenses. In the Linux kernel, they are mostly used for proprietary firmware images. While generally redistributable, binary blobs do not give the user the freedom to audit, modify, or, consequently, redistribute their modified versions. The GNU Project keeps Linux-libre in synchronization with the mainline Linux kernel.
History
The Linux kernel started to include binary blobs in 1996. The work to clear out the binary blobs began in 2006 with gNewSense's find-firmware and gen-kernel. This work was taken further by the BLAG Linux distribution in 2007 when deblob and Linux-libre was born.
Linux-libre was first released by the Free Software Foundation Latin America (FSFLA), then endorsed by the Free Software Foundation (FSF) as a valuable component for the totally free Linux distributions. It became a GNU package in March 2012. Alexandre Oliva is the project maintainer.
Proprietary firmware removal
Methods
The removal process is achieved by using a script called deblob-main. This script is inspired by the one used for gNewSense. Jeff Moe made subsequent modifications to meet certain requirements for its use with the BLAG Linux and GNU distribution. There is another script called deblob-check, which is used to check if a kernel source file, a patch or a compressed sources file still contains software which is suspected of being proprietary.
Benefits
Aside from the primary intended effect of running a system with only free software, the practical consequences of removing device firmware that a user is not allowed to study or modify has both positive and negative effects.
Removal of device firmware can be considered an advantage for security and stability, when the firmware cannot be audited for bugs, for security problems, and for malicious operations such as backdoors, or when the firmware cannot be fixed by the Linux kernel maintainers themselves, even if they know of problems. It is possible for the entire system to be compromised by a malicious firmware, and without the ability to perform a security audit on manufacturer-provided firmware, even an innocent bug could undermine the safety of the running system.
Hardware support
Removing proprietary firmware from the kernel will cause loss of functionality of certain hardware that does not have a free software replacement available. This affects certain sound, video, TV tuner, and network cards, especially in the case of recent Intel Wi-Fi cards and recent nVidia graphics cards, as well as some other devices. When possible, free software replacement firmware is provided as a substitute, such as the openfwwf for b43, carl9170 and ath9k_htc wireless card drivers. Reviewer Ramces Red summarized the issue with Linux-Libre, writing, "it does not always have the best hardware support."
Microcode
Linux-libre does not suggest the user install CPU microcode update bundles, since the code is proprietary. Microcode update bundles have been used in the Linux kernel version, among other things, to mitigate hardware vulnerabilities.
Availability
The source code and precompiled packages of the deblobbed Linux kernel are available directly from the distributions which use the Linux-libre scripts. Freed-ora is a subproject which prepares and maintains RPM packages based on Fedora. There are also precompiled packages for Debian and derived distributions such as Ubuntu.
Distributions
Distributions in which Linux-libre is the default kernel
Dragora GNU/Linux-Libre
dyne:bolic
GNU Guix System
Parabola GNU/Linux-libre
Considered small distributions
libreCMC
ProteanOS (If the underlying hardware is not supported, it must be ported.)
Historical
Hyperbola GNU/Linux-libre
Musix GNU+Linux
Distributions that compile a free Linux kernel
These distros do not use the packaged Linux-libre but instead completely remove binary blobs from the mainline Linux kernel. The source is then compiled and the resulting free Linux kernel is used by default in these systems:
Debian
PureOS
Trisquel (The Linux-libre deblob script is used during its development).
Uruk GNU/Linux
Ututo
Historical
BLAG
gNewSense (It was based on Debian.)
Canaima (It was based on Debian.)
Linux-libre as an alternative kernel
Distributions in which Linux is the default kernel used and which propose Linux-libre as an alternative kernel:
Arch Linux
Fedora
Gentoo Linux
Mandriva-derived (PCLinuxOS, Mageia, OpenMandrivaLx, ROSA Fresh)
openSUSE Tumbleweed (via OpenBuildService)
Slackware
See also
GNU Hurd, an operating system kernel developed by GNU, which follows the microkernel paradigm
Libreboot
LibrePlanet
List of computing mascots
Open-source hardware
:Category:Computing mascots
References
External links
2008 software
Free software programmed in C
GNU Project software
Linux kernel
Operating system kernels
Jeunesse Sportive de la Saoura (), known simply as JS Saoura or JSS for short, is an Algerian football club founded in the town of Méridja in the Béchar Province. They take their name from the Saoura valley of southwestern Algeria. The club was founded in 2008 and its colours are green and yellow. Their home stadium, 20 August Stadium in Béchar, has a capacity of 20,000 spectators. The club is currently playing in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
History
Early years
The club formed on June 10, 1968, following the merger of the JSB (Jeunesse Sportive Bécharienne) and the ESD (Étoile du Sud de Debdaba) The club was re-established in September 2008 in the municipality of Méridja and was called as Jeunesse Sportive de la Saoura, was born JS Saoura with 4 disciplines Football - Tennis - Volley ball and judo. During the 2008–09 season, JS Saoura played in the Bechar Regional League, where it finished in first place and won the promotion to Inter-regions. The following season, JS Saoura won the West group of the Inter-region division. During the 2010–11 season, JS Saoura finished first in the Center-West Group of the Ligue Nationale du Football Amateur. This allows them to access Ligue 2. On April 17, 2012, the JSS defeated SA Mohammadia 3–1, to end the season in second place in Ligue 2. The club therefore moved up to Ligue 1 and joined for the first time in its history the elite of Algerian football. The club achieved promotion four times in a row to reach in the 2012–13 season to the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 as the first club from the southwest, and with financing from Entreprise Nationale de Forage (ENAFOR) a firm of the petroleum company Sonatrach with 75% of the shares, the rest is held by the Amateur Sports Club.
Ligue 1 for the first time
In the first season the goal was to ensure survival in the Ligue 1 and gain experience. In the ninth round in a match against USM El Harrach in Bechar, 45 people, including 32 police officers, were injured in accidents among fans. These incidents occurred in the stands, and after the stadium was stormed by USM El Harrach fans in the 65th minute, and in the face of these floods, the referee was forced to stop the match for security reasons as determined. On December 20, 2013, the club signed French coach Alain Michel to become the first foreign coach to lead the club. At the end of the season the star of the team Kaddour Beldjilali, moved to Étoile du Sahel for 360,000 euros, after a great struggle from several clubs. On February 24, 2015, Mustapha Kouici was appointed as the club's general manager for a period of 18 months, Kouici has pledged to put their experience and knowledge at the disposal of the team for the sole purpose of putting it on the right track. Only six months later Kouici was dismissed from their position, and the team's spokesperson Mohamed Zerouati said that the new president of the club was the one who took this decision and the contract signed between the two sides allows that. JS Saoura started to impose itself to achieve in the 2015–16 season the runner-up of the Ligue Professionnelle 1, either in the Algerian Cup and after three eliminations from the Round of 64, JSS managed to break the knot and despite that, they were eliminated from the Round of 32 against NA Hussein Dey. The club achieved a record in non-defeat in its stadium, reaching 58 matches from 2015 to September 15, 2018 against CA Bordj Bou Arreridj. and Two seasons after that JS Saoura finished runners–up in the Ligue Professionnelle 1 for the second time, three points ahead of the champion CS Constantine.
On January 21, 2021, JS Saoura president Mohamed Zerouati was suspended for a year due to their behavior towards the match officials against MC Alger. Zerouati was accused of using pressure with threats against the match official (COVID manager), Zerouati said they were so upset with the COVID manager that a verbal argument broke out between them and the official match doctor. Zerouati in an interview said that the clubs who say that they put pressure on the referees are the same ones who say that they are hospitable when they win, but when they lose, they say the opposite. They said, “Every day of Ligue 1 we take long trips that can reach 3000 km. As for the rest of the clubs, they move only once to Béchar in a season”.
Crest
Shirt sponsor & kit manufacturer
Since the rise of JS Saoura to the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 in the 2012–13 season, the petroleum company Sonatrach subsidiary Entreprise Nationale de Forage (ENAFOR) has become the owner of the majority of the shares with 75%. JS Saoura it was also sponsor by a subsidiary of Groupe Télécom Algérie Mobilis, exactly from November 13, 2013 for one season with four other clubs.
Honours
Domestic Competitions
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1
Runner-up (2) : 2015–16, 2017–18
Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2
Runner-up (1) : 2011–12
Ligue Nationale (Groupe Centre-Ouest)
Winners (1): 2010–11
Ligue Inter-Régions (Groupe Ouest)
Winners (1): 2009–10
Ligue Régional I (Groupe Bechar)
Winners (1): 2008–09
Performance in CAF competitions
JS Saoura whose team has regularly taken part in Confederation of African Football (CAF) competitions. Qualification for Algerian clubs is determined by a team's performance in its domestic league and cup competitions, JS Saoura is the first club from the south of Algeria to participate in a continental competition, and that was in 2017 in the CAF Champions League as the runner-up of the Ligue Professionnelle 1 and they eliminated in the preliminary round against Enugu Rangers and the first continental goal scored by Abderrahmane Bourdim. Two years later, JS Saoura returned to participate in the same competition, where they qualified for the group stage with Al-Ahly, AS Vita Club and Simba of Tanzania. The first match was against Enugu Rangers and ended with a draw 1–1.
CAF Champions League: 2 appearances
2017 – Preliminary round
2018–19 – Group stage
CAF Confederation Cup: 2 appearance
2021–22 – Group stage
2022–23 – In progress
Players
Algerian teams are limited to two foreign players. The squad list includes only the principal nationality of each player;
Current squad
As of 25 August 2022.
Reserve Squad
Personnel
Current technical staff
References
External links
Football clubs in Algeria
Béchar Province
Algerian Ligue 2 clubs
Association football clubs established in 2008
2008 establishments in Algeria
Sports clubs in Algeria
The Sakaguchi test is a chemical test used to detect presence of arginine in proteins. It is named after the Japanese food scientist and organic chemist, Shoyo Sakaguchi (1900–1995) who described the test in 1925. The Sakaguchi reagent used in the test consists of 1-Naphthol and a drop of sodium hypobromite. The guanidino (–C group in arginine reacts with the Sakaguchi reagent to form a red-coloured complex.
References
Protein methods
Chemical tests
Kenneth Norman "Kenny" Andrews (born 10 January 1947) is a British motorcycle sidecar racing champion.
Andrews was born in Smethwick, Birmingham, and began their sidecar racing career in 1971 as a passenger to John Bottomly, riding a Triumph-engined Norton outfit. In 1979 Andrews won the Scottish Sidecar Championship, and in 1979, and 1980 they raced and finished the Isle of Man TT.
Andrews retired from racing in 1980 to further their career as a Sales/Service Engineer for Arrow Construction, in order to provide for their family. In 1989, they returned to sidecar racing for one season, driving a TZ750 Windle Framed outfit, and taking the North East Club Trophy at Langborough. In 2008 they returned to motorsport once again.
In 2009, and 2010, Kenny raced in the Scottish Championship with Son, Kenny Andrews Jr. The pair won the Melville Motor Club F1 Sidecar championship in 2010. Due to a non racing related injury, Kenny Jr now races their own F2 Sidecar.
References
Isle of Man TT Profile
1947 births
English motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Birmingham, West Midlands
Living people
Diplopyge is genus of Cambrian arthropod known for being a member of the Chengjiang biota. It was described by Luo et al. in 1999.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
The men's 80 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 29 of June at the Salou Pavilion.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time (Golden Point)
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Korgalzhyn District (, ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Korgalzhyn. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Mitra Jouhari is an American comedian, actor, and writer.  They are best known for starring in the television series Three Busy Debras, based on the sketch comedy group they co-founded. Jouhari has written for the television series Big Mouth, High Maintenance, and Miracle Workers.
Early life and education
Jouhari was raised in West Chester, Ohio and is Iranian-American. They were a fan of comedy from childhood and considers the television shows The Daily Show and M*A*S*H pivotal to developing their interest.
They attended Lakota West High School, graduating in 2011. Jouhari attended college at Ohio State University and began to perform improv comedy as a member of 8th Floor Improv, as well as writing for the Sundial Humor Magazine. After taking internships at the TV shows The Daily Show and Late Night, they moved to New York City after graduation to pursue a career in comedy.
Career
They contribute writing to the website The Reductress, and has written for the television series High Maintenance, Miracle Workers, and Big Mouth. Jouhari's writing for The President Show was nominated for a 2017 Writer's Guild of America award.
In 2015, Jouhari co-founded the sketch comedy trio Three Busy Debras alongside Sandy Honig and Alyssa Stonoha. They performed weekly at The Annoyance in Brooklyn, typically to a sold-out audience. The trio later moved to Los Angeles to develop the show for television. A live action comedy series of the same name was picked up by Adult Swim on May 7, 2019. Jouhari, Honig, and Sonoha star in and executive produce Three Busy Debras, which is about the "surreal day-to-day lives of three deranged housewives, all named Debra, in their affluent suburban town of Lemoncurd, Connecticut." The series premiered on March 29, 2020.
In 2015, Jouhari and Catherine Cohen, later joined by Patti Harrison, started co-hosting It's A Guy Thing, a monthly show in Brooklyn.
Jouhari co-hosts podcast Urgent Care with Joel Kim Booster + Mitra Jouhari with comedian Joel Kim Booster under Earwolf.
In 2022, Jouhari guest-starred in an episode of Abbott Elementary, where they played an art teacher named Sahar.
Personal life
Jouhari resides in Los Angeles.  They are also a member of the Democratic Socialists of America.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Official website
Living people
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Ohio
American democratic socialists
American women comedians
American women television writers
American people of Iranian descent
Upright Citizens Brigade Theater performers
Ohio State University alumni
1993 births
Screenwriters from Ohio
Comedians from Ohio
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American women writers
American television writers
21st-century American screenwriters
Members of the Democratic Socialists of America
Paige Marta Skiba is an American economist who is a professor of law at Vanderbilt University Law School, and an associate editor of the International Review of Law and Economics.  They are an expert on the causes of consequences of consumer borrowing at high-interest rates, such as payday loans and pawnshop loans. They find that these borrowers have few other options for credit, but often default on these loans after making expensive payments. During the COVID-19 recession, they were among a group of scholars of bankruptcy in the United States who proposed giving small businesses more time during the bankruptcy process to regain solvency.
Selected works
Skiba, Paige Marta, and Jeremy Tobacman. "Do payday loans cause bankruptcy?." The Journal of Law and Economics 62, no. 3 (2019): 485–519.
Agarwal, Sumit, Paige Marta Skiba, and Jeremy Tobacman. "Payday loans and credit cards: New liquidity and credit scoring puzzles?." American Economic Review 99, no. 2 (2009): 412–17.
Bhutta, Neil, Paige Marta Skiba, and Jeremy Tobacman. "Payday loan choices and consequences." Journal of Money, Credit and Banking 47, no. 2-3 (2015): 223–260.
Dobbie, Will, and Paige Marta Skiba. "Information asymmetries in consumer credit markets: Evidence from payday lending." American Economic Journal: Applied Economics 5, no. 4 (2013): 256–82.
Hankins, Scott, Mark Hoekstra, and Paige Marta Skiba. "The ticket to easy street? The financial consequences of winning the lottery." Review of Economics and Statistics 93, no. 3 (2011): 961–969.
References
American women economists
21st-century American economists
Vanderbilt University Law School faculty
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Living people
Behavioral economists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jarmo Mäkinen (born 29 May 1958 in Karstula, Finland) is a Finnish actor.
Mäkinen began acting in 1989 on television working consistently throughout the 1990s appearing in several films and TV series mostly notably in Vita lögner which they starred in 27 episodes in 1999. However, since 2000 they have gradually made more appearances on the big screen and in film they starred in the 2003 film Sibelius working with Finnish director Timo Koivusalo and actors such as Martti Suosalo, Heikki Nousiainen, Seela Sella, Miina Turunen and Vesa Vierikko.
Most of Mäkinen's work in cinema has been in Swedish film where their powerful physical build has often seen them typecast as a bad guy.  They are often regarded as one of the most famous or most popular Finns in Sweden.
Filmography
Film
Amor ampuu ohi (1990) - Tapani
Routasydän (1993) - Vanhanen
Paratiisin lapset (1994) - Athlete
The Last Wedding (1995) - The Rockroller
The Hunters (1996) - Tomme Harela
The Jackal (1997) - Ghazzi's Bodyguard (uncredited)
Zingo (1998) - Puda
Poika ja ilves (1998) - Herman Haapala
Lapin kullan kimallus (1997) - Edvard Manninen
Dykaren (2000) - Charlie
Ponterosa (2001) - Rantaruotsalainen
Young Love (2001) - Miss Young Face-kisojen juontaja
Ancient Warriors (2002) - Hank
Sibelius (2003) - Akseli Gallen-Kallela
At Point Blank (2003) - Raimo
Populärmusik från Vittula (2004) - Isak / Niila's father
Rancid (2004) - Ash
Den utvalde (2005) - Bodström
Babas bilar (2006) - Penti
Quest for a Heart (2007) - Paksu Rölli (voice)
Myrsky (2008) - Rehtori
Kommissarie Späck (2010) - Enhörningen
The Path of the Righteous Men (2012) - Juhana Sulander
Purge (2012) - Lavrenti
Vadelmavenepakolainen (2014) - Jorma
The Girl King (2015) - The General
LasseMajas detektivbyrå - Stella Nostra (2015) - Pandoro
The Dissidents (2017) - Finnish Investigator
Operation Ragnarök (2018) - Sampo / Boss Monster
The Longest Day (2020)
TV
Tatort (2009, Episode: "Tango für Borowski", Crime Scene, German crime television series)
References
External links
Finnish male film actors
People from Karstula
1958 births
Living people
Finnish expatriates in Sweden
Eddie Gossling is an American stand-up comedian residing in Los Angeles, California.  They are known for their absurd humor and their voice work in Disney's motion picture The Wild.  They are married to fellow stand-up comedian Megan Mooney.
Gossling made their Network Television debut in February 2004 on ABC's late night talk show Jimmy Kimmel Live!, and can be seen in their own half-hour comedy special as Comedy Central Presents Eddie Gossling. Their special in 2005 was voted the number 4 best special ever produced by Comedy Central in the Stand-up Stand Off.
Personal background
Gossling was born in Johnson City, NY, in 1970 while their father, Edward Haines Gossling III, was away at pilot training in the Air Force. They lived in New York City before moving to Los Angeles. Gossling has a younger brother Eric, who lives in Austin, Texas. Their father retired from the Air Force in San Antonio after 30 years of service, mostly as a B-52 bomber pilot. Gossling's mother, Sandra, was a teacher the bases they were stationed at. After their father's retirement, their parents moved to Tampa, FL.
Gossling's brother, Eric, once threw a Chinese star at them in retaliation for hyper-extending their knee during a pickup basketball game when they were children. Luckily, Gossling was wearing a thick winter jacket.
Gossling attended four different high schools growing up, due to their father's job in the Air Force. They eventually graduated from Airline High School in Bossier City, LA. Gossling claims that traveling from city to city growing up was the best thing that could have happened to prepare for them for their current job.
“Get to know a new group of kids, make them laugh, fit in and then leave to a new place to do it all again.”
Gossling's favorite comics to watch growing up were Steve Martin, Albert Brooks, Bob Newhart, Richard Pryor, Eddie Murphy and Sam Kinison.
Gossling lettered in three sports; wrestling, football and track. After failing to get recruited by Nebraska to play football for the Cornhuskers they declined to go straight to college and instead joined the military and enlisted in the Louisiana Army National Guard. They were shipped to Fort Jackson South Carolina for their Basic Training.
They attended Louisiana Tech University for one year then transferred to San Antonio College in San Antonio, TX and the Texas Army National Guard. They acquired an associate degree in Advertising design then enrolled at Southwest Texas State in San Marcos, TX. Gossling left Southwest two semesters short of their degree when they got involved in stand-up comedy in San Antonio at River Center Comedy Club 1994 where they met Chris Duel, now a radio personality in San Antonio, then the house MC at the club. They took on several odd jobs while starting out in comedy and then moved up to the Capital City Comedy Club in Austin in 1996 where they house MC'd for nearly a year.
Professional background
In addition to working comedy clubs across the U.S. and Canada, Gossling has appeared in nationally recognized comedy festivals. They have appeared at the Vancouver and Chicago Comedy Festivals and became one of the first ever comedians to perform at the Montreal Just For Laughs Comedy Festival as both a "New Faces" performer and "Festival Gala" performer in the same year. Gossling has been seen nationwide on Comedy Central's Premium Blend, also Comics Unleashed with Byron Allen and the Game Show Network's National Lampoon's Funny Money.
Gossling was a voice actor on the Comedy Central animated series, Shorties Watchin' Shorties, October 2005 on the Bravo channels, The Great Things About Being Red State, this fall on Comedy Central's World Comedy Tour taped in Australia. In 2006, Gossling voiced Scraw the Vulture in the Disney Animated film, The Wild.
Gossling has two CDs. The first entitled Fresh Brewed Eddie and the second "live from the DC Improv: Eddie Gossling." In an effort to take names back from the porn industry, Gossling in 2007 purchased bigpoletighthole.com where they also host their web site.
In May 2008, Gossling won The Roofie Award at the first annual Aspen RooftopComedy Festival.
Eddie is a writer and producer for the Comedy Central show, Tosh.0 hosted by Daniel Tosh.
Discography
Fresh Brewed Eddie (2006) Fresh Brewed Eddie
Live at the DC Improv (2008) - only available on iTunes Eddie Gossling Live at the DC Improv
Filmography
Comedy Central Presents (2005)
The Wild (2006)
References
External links
Official Website
Exclusive Eddie Gossling Vids on Effinfunny
Eddie Gossling On Comedy Central
1970 births
Living people
American male voice actors
Louisiana Tech University alumni
People from Johnson City, New York
Texas State University alumni
American male comedians
People from Los Angeles
Comedians from California
Comedians from New York City
21st-century American comedians
Stand Up! Records artists
Aconitum violaceum is a species of perennial plant distributed in the Himalayan region of India, Pakistan, and Nepal. Within India, it has been recorded in the alpine slopes in an altitude range of . The plant is used in traditional Tibetan medicine. It has a bitter taste and a cooling tendency.
References
External links
http://www.impgc.com/plantinfo_A.php?id=388
violaceum
Flora of West Himalaya
Flora of Pakistan
Flora of Nepal
Ratgar was a controversial abbot at the famous Benedictine monastery of Fulda during the early ninth century.
Life
Ratgar was abbot of the monastery of Fulda from 802 until 817. They were from a noble family in Germania, and was sent by their parents to Fulda, whose monastery school was already becoming a renowned center of learning. which was at the time ruled by Saint Sturm, a disciple of Saint Boniface. Sturm died in 779 and Baugulf succeeded them as abbot, ruling until their retirement in 802, when they were succeeded by Ratgar.
The sources on Ratgar's abbacy provide conflicting pictures of their rule. The future abbot of Fulda, Hraban Maur, writes of Ratgar in several poems. In one they praise the grand building projects Ratgar undertook, calling them a "wise architect." The great Basilica, dedicated by Archbishop Haistolf in 819, was undertaken during their reign.
Ratgar also showed concern for the education of the young monks in their care, sending them to study with the leading scholars of the day. They sent Hraban Maur (future abbot, archbishop and leading theologian) and Hatto to Tours to study the liberal arts with Alcuin, the founding scholar of the Carolingian Renaissance. They sent Candidus Bruun and Modestus to study with another luminary, Charlemagne's biographer Einhard, and they sent Candidus and others to Clemens Scottus, one of the many renowned Irish scholars living on the continent.
On the other hand, it seems they were excessively severe on their monks. Hraban Maur, in another poem, recounts that a number of monks seceded from Ratgar's Rule. The Saxon Chronicle recounts that, in 811, there was a great disturbance among the monks at Fulda, and other contemporary chronicles also mention chaos and dissent among the brothers, noting that a delegation of 12 monks made a plea before Charlemagne for them to reform the monastery.
Candidus Bruun, who lived at Fulda throughout Ratgar's reign, paints an extremely negative picture of Ratgar. They nickname Ratgar "monoceros", meaning "unicorn" (the unicorn was considered a violent and dangerous beast), and depicts an abbey divided by dissent.
Despite the attempts of several bishops and archbishops to intervene, Ratgar continued their manner of rule among the monks, until in 817 they were "charged and convicted" by the monks., and the Emperor Louis the Pious had them deposed and banished. Ratgar's successor Eigil restored peace in the divided monastery.
See also
Raban Maur
Candidus Bruun of Fulda
Sturm of Fulda
References
Bibliography
Candidus Bruun. Vita Aeigili, liber II (= vita metrica). In E. Duemmeler, ed. Monumenta Germaniae Historica Poetae Latini Aevi Carolini Vol. II. Berlin, 1884, pp. 94–117.
Rudolf of Fulda. Miracula sanctorum in Fuldenses ecclesias translatorum. G. Waitz (Ed.) Monumenta Germaniae Historica Scriptore 15.1, pp. 328–41.
External links
Candidus' Life of Eigil in verse and prose, featuring negative account of Ratgar's Rule
The Monastery of Fulda, article at New Advent Catholic Encyclopedia
8th-century births
9th-century deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Abbots of Fulda
The men's 800 metres event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 23, 24 and 26 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Source:
Semifinals
Source:
Final
References
800
1994
Euchrysops reducta, the Jackson's Cupid, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal, Guinea, Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Ghana, northern Nigeria, northern Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda and Ethiopia. The habitat consists of Guinea savanna and the southern edges of the Sudan savanna.
References
Butterflies described in 1924
Euchrysops
is a private junior college in Maebashi, Gunma, Japan. The predecessor of the school, founded in 1933, was chartered as a women's junior college in 1965. In 1999 it became coeducational.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1933
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gunma Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1933 establishments in Japan
Maebashi
The ESWE Verkehrsgesellschaft (German for ESWE Transport Company) or ESWE Verkehr is a municipally owned company responsible for operating public transport in Wiesbaden, Germany. It operates 40 bus-lines and 9 night bus-lines
The company is a member of the Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (RMV).
External links
ESWE web site (German language)
ESWE web site (English language subset)
Transport in Wiesbaden
Companies based in Wiesbaden
Transport companies of Germany
More Than Meets the Eye may refer to:
More Than Meets the Eye (album), an album by EliZe
More Than Meets the Eye (EP), an EP by Napalm Death, or the title song
"More Than Meets the Eye" (song), a song by Europe
"More Than Meets the Eye", a song by Testament from The Formation of Damnation
"More Than Meets the Eye", a three-part episode of the American TV series The Transformers
Transformers: More Than Meets the Eye, a 2003 Transformers comics series
The Transformers: More Than Meets the Eye, a 2012 Transformers comics series
The third season of the Kannada-language version of Indian reality television series Bigg Boss started on 25 October 2015 and ended on 31 January 2016 on Colors Kannada. Sudeep, the host of previous seasons remains as the host.
Among five finalists Shruthi emerged as the title winner with maximum votes and performance in house followed by Chandan Kumar as runner-up, Master Anand, Rahman Haseeb and Pooja Gandhi as third, fourth and fifth respectively
Production
Sudeep has signed a INR 18 crore deal with the channel Colors Kannada to host the next five seasons. The Bigg Boss house located in Lonavala is believed to be omitted for this season, replacing it with the venue to be built in Innovative Film City at Bidadi, Bengaluru. Gurudas Shenoy and Subramania.M were the reality episode directors. Chinmay Subraya Bhat was the reality writer of this season.
Housemates
Bhavana Belegere is a TV host and the daughter of journalist Ravi Belagere.  They are married to actor Srinagar Kitty.
Chandan Kumar appeared in the television serials Lakshmi Baaramma and Radha Kalyana. They have also acted in films like Parinaya, Katte, Eradondla Mooru and recently in Luv U Alia.
Huccha Venkat is an actor, director and producer. They were the first contestant to be ejected out of the house in the history of Bigg Boss Kannada for assaulting a housemate.
Jayashree Ramaiah is a model and dancer by profession.
Kruthika Ravindra is a Kannada film and serial artist. They made their debut on silver screen with the Kannada film ‘Patre Loves Padma' which was a box-office failure, in spite of having hit songs because of its bad plot and acting. They came into prominence with the lead role in daily soap opera ‘Radha Kalyana' which aired on Zee Kannada.
Madhuri Itagi played lead actor in the movies Rambo and Ouija
Master Anand is extremely talented and started their acting career as a child artiste and now a popular face on television. They have directed numerous Kannada movies and TV serials.  They are also the winner of "Dancing Star 2".
Neravanda Aiyappa is a cricketer who played for Karnataka team in Ranji and other domestic tournaments.  They are also the younger brother of Kannada actor Prema.
Neha Gowda is an air hostess.
Pooja Gandhi is an actor, movie producer & politician who has acted in over 50 films in multiple languages, including Mungaaru Male. They were evicted from the show but kept in a secret room and returned later..
Pradeep alias Tsunami Kitty was the winner of reality show "Indian". They also won the first season of "Thaka Dhimi Tha Dancing Star".  They are a vegetable vendor by profession and is based out of Heggada Devana Kote, it's one of the taluk of Mysore district.
Ravi Mooruru is a singer and music composer, who has mainly worked for television serials. They have performed numerous of live concerts with singers like Puttur Narasimha Nayak, Pravin Godkhindi, Sangeetha Katti, Fayaz Khan, and C. Ashwath.
Rehman Haseeb/Hassan is a popular TV news presenter from TV 9.  They are from Hassan District.  They are a TV news presenter for the last 10 years. They currently reside in Bangalore.  They are married to their co-worker Sameena .
RJ Nethra is a two time national award-winning radio jockey working for 91.1 FM. They have also acted in movies like "Aatagara" and "Ring Road".
Shruti is an actor and politician. They have not only acted in Kannada but also in Tamil and Malayalam.  They are serving as the chief Secretary in BJP women's wing of Karnataka. They won the Bigg Boss 3 thereby fulfilling their daughter's dream.
Wild card contestants
Mithra is a famous Kannada comedian.(Janesha in "Silli Lalli")
Gowthami Gowda is a Kannada TV actor. They were acted in the name of serial chi sow savithri telecasted on Zee TV Kannada.
Sushma Veer is a theatre and dance artist. Also Sushma Veer, is the daughter of singer and veteran actor B Jayashree.
Weekly summary
Nominations table
Notes
: Kruthika direct nomination by House Captain.
: Huccha ejected because they manhandled Ravi.
References
External links
Official website
IMDb
Bigg Boss Kannada
Kannada 3
2015 Indian television seasons
2016 Indian television seasons
Colors Kannada original programming
Kannada-language television shows
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Haskell County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Haskell County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 10 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Haskell County
Buildings and structures in Haskell County, Oklahoma
Lois Mitchell Haibt (born 1934) is an American computer scientist best known for being a member of the ten-person team at IBM that developed FORTRAN, the first successful high-level programming language.  They are known as an early pioneer in computer science.
Education and career
Haibt studied mathematics at Vassar College with an academic scholarship. They graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1955. While at Vassar, Haibt worked at Bell Laboratories during the summer.
Immediately after graduating from Vassar, Haibt began working at IBM. They started with an annual salary of $5,100, despite their lack of prior programming experience. This sum was almost double the amount that they would have made at Bell Laboratories. Haibt inferred that any job with such a high salary would be difficult, but fascinating. They were part of an academically diverse team of ten young people with varying academic degrees and unrelated areas of expertise, such as crystallography and cryptography. Experience with mathematics was their one common connection. Haibt was the only woman on the team.
According to Haibt, the team worked well together: "No one was worried about seeming stupid or possessive of their or their code. We were all just learning together." The FORTRAN team worked nontraditional hours so that they could have unlimited access to the IBM 704 computer. They frequently rented rooms at the nearby Langdon Hotel in order to sleep during the day and work at night.
In 1957, Haibt attended Columbia University.
Haibt is a member of the Mathematical Association of America.
Research contributions
The IBM team spent almost three years creating the programming language FORTRAN, which reformed the way people communicate instructions to computers.
Haibt was in charge of section four of the FORTRAN project. They analyzed the flow of programs produced by other sections of the compiler. I estimates of flow in high-traffic areas of the computer were obtained by calculating how often basic blocks of the program would execute. Haibt employed Monte Carlo methods (statistical analysis) for these calculations. Through this process, they also created the first syntactic analyzer of arithmetic expressions. Haibt planned and programmed the entire section.
Haibt was also part of an eleven-person team to develop and release the first reference manual for FORTRAN in 1956.
Personal life
Haibt was married to Luther Haibt (May 4, 1929 – December 3, 2000), a systems analyst at IBM in Thornwood, NY. The Haibts spent their adult lives in New York state. Haibt's daughter, Carolyn, attended Princeton University for their bachelor's degree and went on to receive a Ph.D. in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Haibt's hobbies include interior decorating and reading.
Works
Original Paper on FORTRAN from 1957
Casting Petri Nets into Programs, September 1983
See also
List of prominent pioneers in computer science
References
External links
Living people
American computer programmers
Fortran
Vassar College alumni
American women computer scientists
American computer scientists
1934 births
People from Katonah, New York
IBM employees
21st-century American women
Apache Trail High School is a public charter high school in Apache Junction, Arizona. It is operated by The Leona Group, an operator of charter schools in Michigan, Ohio, Arizona, and Florida.
For athletics, it is a member of the Canyon Athletic Association (CAA).
Public high schools in Arizona
The Leona Group
Charter schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
The Lord High Admirals Council was a series of councils appointed to advise and assist the Lord High Admiral of England and then later of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the direction of Naval Affairs also known as Council of the Lord High Admiral when the Board of Admiralty was not in commission the first series took place between 1702-1708 and second and final series of councils took place from 1827-1828.
History
For the periods the Board of Admiralty was not in commission, a special council of advisers known as the Lord High Admirals Council was established on the advice of the government of the day to which the Lord High Admiral had to accept the advisers recommended by the government.
In 1702, Prince George was authorised to appoint a Lord Admirals Council – there were originally three naval members and one civil member who were usually a member of parliament. Between 1703 and the spring of 1704, the permitted number of members of the council was raised to six. After spring 1704 until 1708, the upper limit of members of the council was increased to seven. In May 1827, the Duke of Clarence was authorised to appoint a council that consisted of no more than four members to hold office during their tenure; by July 1827, the right of the Lord High Admiral to appoint council members was passed over to the Monarch. The Duke of Clarence's councils usually consisted of two naval members and two civil members, in all twelve councils would convene during the two periods.
Councils of the lord high admiral
Councils of Prince George
Lord High Admiral of England: Prince George of Denmark
Senior Members of Lords Admiral Council (*), Naval Member (N) and Civil Member (C)
Council of 22 May 1702
Admiral of the Fleet Sir George Rooke, (* N).
Vice-Admiral, Sir David Mitchell, (N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N).
Sir, Richard Hill, (C)
George Clarke, and Josiah Burchett (joint Secretaries to the Admiralty)
Council of 29 March 1703
Admiral of the Fleet, Sir George Rooke, (* N).
Vice-Admiral, Sir David Mitchell, (N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N).
Hon: James Brydges, (C)
Sir, Richard Hill, (C)
George Clarke, and Josiah Burchett (joint Secretaries to the Admiralty)
Council of 30 April 1704
Admiral of the Fleet, Sir George Rooke, (* N).
Vice-Admiral, Sir David Mitchell, (N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N).
Hon: James Brydges, (C)
Sir, Richard Hill, (C)
Hon: Henry Paget,(C)
George Clarke, and Josiah Burchett (joint Secretaries to the Admiralty)
Council of 26 December 1704
Admiral of the Fleet, Sir George Rooke, (* N).
Vice-Admiral, Sir David Mitchell, (N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N).
Hon: James Brydges, (C)
Sir, Richard Hill, (C)
Hon: Henry Paget, (C)
Admiral, Cloudesley Shovell, (N).
George Clarke, and Josiah Burchett (joint Secretaries to the Admiralty)
Council of 11 June 1705
Admiral, Sir David Mitchell, (* N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N).
Sir, Richard Hill, (C).
Hon: Henry Paget, (C).
Admiral, Cloudesley Shovell, (N).
Robert Walpole.
George Clarke, and Josiah Burchett (joint Secretaries to the Admiralty)
Council of 8 February 1706
Admiral, Sir Sir David Mitchell, (* N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N).
Sir, Richard Hill, (C).
Hon: Henry Paget, (C)
Admiral, Cloudesley Shovell, (N).
Robert Walpole, (C).
Vice-Admiral, Sir Stafford Fairborne, (N)
Josiah Burchett (Secretary to the Admiralty)
Notes: 28 June 1707: Prince George, Lord High Admiral (reappointed as Lord High Admiral of Great Britain following the Union with Scotland)
Council of 28 June 1707
Admiral, Sir Sir David Mitchell, (* N).
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill, (N)
Sir, Richard Hill, (C).
The Hon. Henry Paget, (C).
Admiral, Sir Cloudesley Shovell, (N)
Robert Walpole, (C)
Vice-Admiral, Sir Stafford Fairborne, (N)
Josiah Burchett (Secretary to the Admiralty)
Council of 19 April 1708
Earl of Wemyss, (*)
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill (N)
Sir, Richard Hill, (C)
The Hon. Henry Paget, (C)
Admiral, Sir Stafford Fairborne, (N)
Admiral, Sir John Leake, (N)
Josiah Burchett (Secretary to the Admiralty)
Council of 20 June 1708
Earl of Wemyss, (*)
Admiral of the Blue, George Churchill, (N)
Sir, Richard Hill, (C).
The Hon. Henry Paget, (C)
Admiral of the Fleet, Sir John Leake, (N)
Rear-Admiral of the Blue, Sir James Wishart, (N)
Rear-Admiral, Robert Fairfax, (N)
Josiah Burchett (Secretary to the Admiralty)
Councils of the Duke of Clarence
Senior Members of Lords Admiral Council
Footnotes
Bibliography
Clarendon, Edward Hyde Earl of (1798). The Life of Edward Earl of Clarendon, Lord High Chancellor of England, and Chancellor of the University of Oxford: Containing, I. An Account of the Chancellor's Life from Their Birth to the Restoration in 1660. II. A Continuation of the Same, and of Their History of the Grand Rebellion, from the Restoration to Their Banishment in 1667. J.J. Tourneisen.
Morriss, Roger (1997). Cockburn and the British Navy in Transition: Admiral Sir George Cockburn, 1772-1853. Univ of South Carolina Press. .
Sainty J. C. ed. (1775) 'Members of the Council of the Lord High Admiral 1702-8; 1827-8', in Office-Holders in Modern Britain: Volume 4, Admiralty Officials 1660-1870, ed. http://www.british-history.ac.uk/office-holders/vol4.
Rodger, N.A.M. (1979). The Admiralty. Offices of State. Lavenham: T. Dalton. .
External links
Royal Navy
Royal Navy personnel
1702 establishments in England
1828 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Nicholas David Dinsmore (born December 17, 1975), also known by their World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) ring name Eugene, is an American professional wrestler.
Dinsmore began their career in 1996 and was assigned to NWA-Ohio Valley Wrestling, later becoming Ohio Valley Wrestling. OVW became WWE's farm territory and, during their time there, Dinsmore became the OVW Heavyweight Champion a record eight times as well as the OVW Southern Tag Team Champion eleven times.
When they were called to the main roster, they debuted as Eugene Dinsmore, Eric Bischoff's nephew, an intellectually disabled wrestling savant. Eugene was involved in a storyline with Evolution, facing Triple H at SummerSlam. They also won the World Tag Team Championship with William Regal. Eugene would stay with WWE until 2007, including a feud with Kurt Angle where they won their gold medal, having a match against them at SummerSlam.
Dinsmore would be released in 2007. They returned to OVW, where they won the Heavyweight Championships two more times. They made a brief return to WWE in 2013, but they were released the next year. In 2015, they opened their own promotion, Midwest All Pro Wrestling.
Professional wrestling career
Early years (1996–2003)
Dinsmore debuted in 1996, and soon began wrestling in the United States Wrestling Association (USWA).
In Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW), they formed a successful tag team with Rob Conway, called The Lords of The Ring. The team had a record ten reigns as Southern Tag Team Champions. Dinsmore also held the OVW Heavyweight Championship a record ten times. While still in OVW, Dinsmore also made some appearances as a jobber in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), first on an episode of Shotgun Saturday Night in 1999. They wrestled in the WWF as Doink the Clown on two later occasions, and as one half of Los Conquistadores (with Rob Conway).
Dinsmore also appeared in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) from August 1998 to January 1999, mainly used as a jobber on WCW Saturday Night they also worked on two episodes of Thunder (losing to Ernest Miller and Kanyon), and on two episodes of Nitro (first teaming with Lenny Lane to lose a handicap match to Scott Steiner, then losing a singles match to Wrath).
World Wrestling Entertainment (2004–2007)
Teaming with William Regal (2004–2005)
On the April 5, 2004 episode of Raw, Dinsmore made their World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) debut as Eugene. WWE wrote Eugene as the "special" and overly excited nephew of Raw General Manager Eric Bischoff, who had savant-like wrestling ability from watching their favorites on television, Dinsmore has described their portrayal of Eugene as being inspired by a trainer's autistic child and Dustin Hoffman's performance in the film Rain Man. Bischoff soon placed them under the care of the newly returned William Regal. Although Regal was originally dispirited at having to manage Eugene, they would grow fond of them and the two would quickly become firm friends. In May 2004, Eugene began a feud with Jonathan Coachman, who attempted to banish them from WWE (only to be stopped by The Rock). The feud culminated in Eugene's pay-per-view debut, when they defeated Coachman at Bad Blood. Eugene then feuded with Triple H, which led to match at SummerSlam, which Eugene lost. Two weeks later on Raw, they fought a no disqualification match, which Eugene won after interference from Randy Orton. The next week, they had a steel cage match, which Eugene lost and suffered a kayfabe dislocated shoulder, ending the feud.
After taking a few weeks off to sell their injuries, they feuded with their uncle, Eric Bischoff. This led to a match at the first-ever Taboo Tuesday pay-per-view on October 19. The fan-chosen (via voting at WWE's website) stipulation for the match was that the loser would have their head shaved. Eugene won this match (with help from Mr. McMahon) and subsequently shaved Bischoff's head.
With Regal, Eugene won their first and only championship in WWE, taking the World Tag Team Championship from La Résistance on the November 15 episode of Raw. Eugene suffered an injury at New Year's Revolution on January 9, 2005, in a match with Christian and Tyson Tomko, after botching a dropkick. Although they won the match, they suffered a ruptured left patellar ligament, which required surgery and sidelined them for six months. This also cost them the World Tag Team Championship, which Regal lost to La Résistance when forced to defend at a house show on January 16, teamed with Jonathan Coachman as a substitute. During recovery, Eugene made a surprise appearance at WrestleMania 21, delivering a promo until being interrupted and attacked by Muhammad Hassan and Daivari. They would be saved by returning Hulk Hogan, after they attacked the villainous duo.
Singles competition (2005–2006)
Eugene returned to wrestling on the July 25, 2005 episode of Raw, taking part in Kurt Angle's regular "Kurt Angle Invitational" challenge. Eugene defeated Angle, winning their cherished Olympic gold medal (per match stipulation), and starting a feud between the two. The feud culminated at SummerSlam, where Angle defeated Eugene to regain their medal. Eugene then briefly teamed with Tajiri (who, incidentally, had also previously teamed with William Regal). The team lasted until Tajiri's release in December 2005.
At Taboo Tuesday, Rob Conway teamed with Tyson Tomko to face Eugene and a "WWE Legend", to be chosen by the fans. "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka was chosen over Kamala and "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, and pinned Conway with their Superfly Splash to win the match.
On November 18, 2005, WWE.com reported Dinsmore was rushed to the hospital the previous night, after passing out in a hotel lobby in Manchester, and was suspended indefinitely. Days later, WWE.com stated Dinsmore admitted to taking prescription drugs, including somas. This coincided with the announcement of WWE's new drug policy (established as a result of Eddie Guerrero's death from heart failure, aggravated by their history of drug abuse).
Eugene made their return to WWE in the Royal Rumble match at the namesake event on January 29, 2006, as the eighteenth entrant. They were eliminated by Chris Benoit. At WrestleMania 22, Eugene competed in a preshow battle royal which was won by Viscera. Eugene briefly feuded with Matt Striker, after appearing in the "Matt Striker's Classroom" segment of Backlash on April 30, 2006. Striker ultimately defeated Eugene to end the feud. After appearing at ECW One-Night Stand, Eugene formed a tag team with "Hacksaw"Jim Duggan. They challenged Umaga to a match at Vengeance and lost, despite having Duggan, Doink the Clown, and Kamala in their corner. They defeated Vince McMahon and Shane McMahon in a handicap match on the July 10 Raw, after interference from D-Generation X. On the September 4 Raw, Eugene and Duggan challenged World Tag Team Champions the Spirit Squad for the title, but were unsuccessful. The team split up on the November 6 Raw. After losing a rematch to The Spirit Squad, Eugene attacked Duggan, turning heel. However, the angle was soon dropped and, before the end of the year, Eugene became a face again. After this, they wrestled mainly on the Raw B-show, Heat.
Brand switches and departure (2007)
On the March 19, 2007 episode of Raw, Eugene was forced into a match with Umaga, as a punishment for accidentally spilling a drink on Vince McMahon. After losing, McMahon shaved Eugene's head. Eugene wrestled on the June 2, 2007 Saturday Night's Main Event XXXIV, where they debuted a new "Superman-esque" wrestling attire. They teamed with Kane and Doink The Clown to defeat Kevin Thorn, Viscera, and Umaga.
On June 17, Eugene was drafted to the SmackDown! brand as their final pick of the 2007 Supplemental Draft. On the June 29 episode of SmackDown!, Eugene debuted for the brand, losing to The Great Khali. The following week, they were tricked into thinking Deuce 'n Domino were helping them win their match against Mark Henry, which led to a quick defeat.
On the July 20 episode of SmackDown!, Eugene participated in a battle royal for the vacant World Heavyweight Championship, and was eliminated by Batista and Kane. Eugene made their final WWE appearance on the August 31 edition of SmackDown!. While shooting T-shirts into the crowd via T-shirt gun, they accidentally shot Mark Henry. Henry retaliated by squeezing them with a bearhug until they passed out. On September 1, 2007, Nick Dinsmore was released from their WWE contract.
Juggalo Championship Wrestling (2007, 2011–2013)
Dinsmore debuted in Juggalo Championship Wrestling (JCW) in October 2007, as U-Gene. They returned in 2010, at the "Flashlight Wrestling: Legends & Loonies" event, and lost to Breyer Wellington. They became a full-time member of the roster the following year. They had a brief storyline in which they were infatuated with the wrestler Jailbird Man, inadvertently costing Jailbird their matches. U-Gene participated in JCW's first internet pay-per-view, Hatchet Attacks, where they defeated Raven. They formed a tag team with Zach Gowen at Up in Smoke, believing that they could be Gowen's second leg, but ended up costing their team the match by distracting the referee. On July 28, Gowen and U-Gene defeated the Ring Rydas to win the JCW Tag Team Championship. However, Gowen forfeited the championship after realizing that U-Gene cheated to win, causing U-Gene to attack them and disband the team. U-Gene defeated Gowen at Bloodymania 5, but the referee reversed the decision after realizing U-Gene cheated to win.
Independent circuit (2007–2013)
In October 2007, Dinsmore became the head official in charge of Derby City Wrestling, the intermediate-level group affiliated with Ohio Valley Wrestling, after Joey Matthews left the position. They made some appearances in Puerto Rico's World Wrestling Council (WWC), as Eugene. Dinsmore wrestled for WFX Wrestling in Canada, in a role similar to the one they played in WWE, under the names "U-Gene" and "U-gene Dinsmore". They formed a tag team with Luke Williams, better known as one half of The Bushwhackers. They wrestled for Ring of Honor (as Nick Dinsmore) in a Ring of Honor Wrestling taping, against "The Prodigy" Mike Bennett. In 2009, they were part of Hulk Hogan's Australian tour, Hulkamania: Let The Battle Begin, where they wrestled as U-Gene.
Dinsmore made their Ring of Honor debut on December 9, 2010, at ROH Wrestling tapings, losing to Mike Bennett. In December 2011, Dinsmore took part in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's (TNA) India project, Ring Ka King as Dr. Nicholas Dinsmore. On July 27, Dinsmore, as "U-Gene", unsuccessfully challenged Freight Train for the 5 Dollar Wrestling championship in the main event of that promotion's internet PPV debut.
Return to OVW (2008–2013)
On February 20, 2008, Dinsmore returned to Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) under their real name and defeated Jay Bradley to win their ninth Heavyweight Championship. They lost the title to Anthony Barvado on July 25, 2008. On October 26, 2011, Dinsmore defeated Jason Wayne to win the OVW Heavyweight Championship for the tenth time, turning heel in the process. Dinsmore lost the title to Rudy Switchblade seven days later in an Eight-Man Melee, including Wayne, Adam Revolver, Ted McNaler, James Thomas, Rocco Bellagio and Mike Mondo.
Returns to WWE (2009, 2013–2014)
In July 2009, Dinsmore signed a contract to return to WWE. On August 1, Dinsmore (as Eugene) defeated Ricky Ortiz at a SmackDown/ECW house show in Manchester, New Hampshire. On the August 10 Raw, Eugene returned to television, losing a Contract on a Pole match to The Calgary Kid, who afterwards removed their mask to reveal themselves as The Miz. Four days later, Dinsmore was once again released from WWE, as a wrestler and a trainer. Dinsmore was re-hired by WWE on September 20, 2013, as trainer on NXT, and they lasted a year before they were released on October 2, 2014.
Return to the independent circuit (2015–present)
On January 10, 2015, Dinsmore returned to wrestling, this time with the British promotion International Pro Wrestling: United Kingdom. They defeated Grado in their first match for the promotion. Dinsmore began running their own shows in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, under the banner of Midwest All Pro Wrestling. The first live event was held November 7, 2015. In December 2021, Dinsmore announced their retirement tour. They also sold Midwest All Pro Wrestling at the end of 2021.
Professional wrestling style, persona and reception
During their run with WWE, Dinsmore's character was "Eugene", an overly-excited and "special" person who could outwrestle anyone in the ring, based upon some people with intellectual disability. The idea of the gimmick came from then OVW trainer Rip Rogers, who inspired it from their autistic son.
The "Eugene" gimmick received mixed reviews. Although WWE believed the gimmick would be a positive role model for mentally disabled people. However, the legacy of the gimmick became infamously problematic and offensive, and Dinsmore hasn't recovered their career until their retirement in 2021.
Personal life
In 2009, Dinsmore became engaged to Stephanie Fischer, whom they married in November 2015.
Championships and accomplishments
Canadian Wrestling's Elite
123Approved.ca Open Rules Championship (1 time)
Covey Promotions
CP Tag Team Championships (1 time) – with Krazy T
Heartland Wrestling Association
HWA Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
United States Wrestling Association
USWA World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Flash Flanagan
Music City Wrestling
MCW North American Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with Rob Conway
Ohio Valley Wrestling
OVW Heavyweight Championship (10 times)
OVW Southern Tag Team Championship (11 times, inaugural) – with Rob Conway (10) and Flash Flanagan (1)
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
PWI ranked them #21 of the top 500 singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2004
River City Championship Wrestling
RCCW Heavyweight Championship (1 time)
Wisconsin Pro Wrestling
WPW Gather On Broadway Championship (1 time)
World Wrestling Entertainment
World Tag Team Championship (1 time) – with William Regal
References
External links
Online World of Wrestling profile
TV.com Profile
SLAM! Sports profile
1975 births
20th-century professional wrestlers
21st-century professional wrestlers
American male professional wrestlers
Indiana University Southeast alumni
Living people
People from Jeffersonville, Indiana
Professional wrestlers from Indiana
Professional wrestling trainers
USWA World Tag Team Champions
OVW Heavyweight Champions
Hassan Ali Effendi ( ; 14 August 1830 – 20 August 1895) was an educationist in South Asia who is credited as the founder of one of the first Muslim schools in British India: the Sindh Madrasatul Islam (established in 1885), located in Karachi in modern-day Pakistan. Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan, became among the school's famous graduates.
Other notable graduates of the school include Shahnawaz Bhutto, Abdullah Haroon, Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah and Allama I.I. Kazi.
Background
Effendi belonged to a respectable family of Akhunds from Hyderabad, Sindh; they had Turkish ancestry.
While still very young, they lost their father and was brought up by their elder brother Umed Ali Akhund. As according to the tradition of the Akhund family, they were enrolled in a local madrassa to read and study the Qur'an and learn the basics of the Persian language.
Upon the completion of this traditional education, Ali found work as a clerk in the office of the Deputy Collector of Naushahro. One of their Christian colleagues there persuaded them to learn English, a language that was at the time avoided by Muslims in the Indian subcontinent. Nevertheless, they devoted all their leisure hours to the pursuit of learning English and soon acquired reasonable proficiency in reading, writing and speaking English.
Later, Effendi started to work for the Indus flotilla, a shipping company. In the mid-1860s, while they still worked for the company, a British judge from Karachi by the name of Middleton, happened to cross the Indus river by ferry, spending the night on the ferry boat in order to cross the following morning. Middleton found Hassan Ali Effendi reading an English book by the dim light of an oil lamp. Surprised to discover that the man was a Muslim, they were impressed enough to offer them a role as a translator in the Karachi District Court on the magnificent salary of sixty rupees a month. Hassan Ali Effendi accepted the offer and moved to Karachi to assume their new responsibilities. Impressed by their performance, Judge Middleton allowed them to practice law before the court without passing any formal degree in law. This was the turning point in Hassan Ali Effendi's life. At that time, there was not a single Muslim advocate apart from them in the entire province; the lawyers tended to be either English or Hindus. Soon they were appointed as the Public Prosecutor, the first non-European in Sindh to be in charge of that post, which they would retain for 14 years.
Their family includes Wajid Shamsul Hasan, former High Commissioner of Pakistan to the United Kingdom and the former President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari, is Effendi's great grandson through their mother's family.
Sindh Madrasatul Islam
Effendi began to take an interest in the welfare of the Muslim population in Sindh, and especially the spread of education in these communities. They were the life-long President of the Managing Board of the above Madrasa. Much of their drive was influenced by the Indian Muslim educationist Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, founder of the Muhammedan Anglo-Oriental College. Wishing to replicate Syed Ahmed Khan's efforts, Effendi even travelled to Aligarh (present-day India) where they sought guidance from him.
In 2011, Sindh Madrasatul Islam School was upgraded to a university and renamed as Sindh Madressatul Islam University.
Commemorative postage stamp
Pakistan Post Office issued a commemorative postage stamp to honor Hassan Ali Effendi for their services in 1990 in its 'Pioneers of Freedom' postage stamp series.
References
1830 births
1895 deaths
Pakistani educational theorists
Pakistani people of Turkish descent
People from Hyderabad District, Pakistan
Sindhi people
Members of the Bombay Legislative Council
Founders of Pakistani schools and colleges
José Jaimes García (born 5 May 1952) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the State of Mexico.
References
1952 births
Living people
Politicians from the State of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for the State of Mexico
Cui Yongyuan (; born February 20, 1963) is a Chinese television personality, producer, and social media commentator.  They are known for leaking information regarding the Chinese film industry's yin-yang contracts leading to Fan Bingbing's removal from the spotlight, their affable and natural sense of humour, pioneering a brand of relaxed and unscripted presentation style that marked a departure from the rigid and staid nature of many Chinese talk shows.
Cui rose to fame hosting the show Tell It Like It Is on China Central Television from 1996 to 2002. After a battle with depression, Cui returned to CCTV to host Talk with Xiaocui. From 2012 to 2013 Cui hosted the show Thank the Heavens and the Earth that you are here. They left CCTV in 2013 to work at their alma mater, the Communication University of China.
Biography
Cui was born on February 20, 1963 in the Beichen District of Tianjin. Their father was in the military. The family moved to Beijing when Cui was three years old, and they attended primary and high school in Beijing. Cui graduated from the Communication University of China in 1985, then began working for China Central Television as a reporter shortly thereafter. Starting in 1993, Cui became involved in the planning for the Oriental Horizon (东方时空) program.
The show Tell It Like It Is (实话实说) began in 1996, and was conceptualized as a Sunday supplement to Oriental Horizon, with Cui as host. The first show aired on April 26, 1996. Soon after Tell it like it is gained a following in its own right, in large part due to Cui's personality. Cui's brand of television spurred a host of copycat shows in other networks attempting to emulate Cui's natural and humorous presentation style in a Chinese TV world that is full of staid and scripted presentation.
With the success of Tell it like it is, Cui became a national celebrity. They were invited to host the 2000 edition of the CCTV New Year's Gala. Beginning in 2001 Cui was diagnosed with clinical depression. They reported severe trouble falling asleep. They left Tell it like it is abruptly in 2002.
After a battle with depression, Cui returned to CCTV to host Talk with Xiao Cui (小崔说事). Cui was named as one of the Top Ten Best Hosts of CCTV for 2005. In addition, during the 2007 National People's Congress they hosted a talk show where they met with regional Chinese leaders to discuss everyday issues of concern to the people, the first of its kind in the PRC.
Cui has made several appearances at the CCTV New Year's Gala. They appeared twice in skits featuring Zhao Benshan and Song Dandan entitled Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow in 1999 and again in 2006. They also danced and sang with Taiwan actor and My Fair Princess star Ruby Lin in 2000.
In November 2013, Cui Yongyuan embarked upon a two-week journey to the United States to film a documentary on genetically modified foods. In the documentary Cui aimed to explore the debate on whether genetically modified food is safe to eat. The documentary was widely viewed in China and was criticized by anti-pseudoscience crusader Fang Zhouzi as being unscientific and misleading. Cui and Fang then exchanged a series of increasingly personal comments on a public micro-blogging platform, attacking each other. After the heated and widely publicized exchange, Fang sued Cui in a Beijing court demanding compensation of 670,000 yuan, alleging defamation. Chinese-language media has cited fallout from the conflict as a reason Cui has decided to leave television for a position to teach at the Communications University of China, their alma mater.
In January 2015, Cui signed on with Shanghai-based Dragon Television to host the program "Eyes on Dongfang" (东方眼). At the 2015 National People's Congress, Cui bantered with Central Commission for Discipline Inspection chief Wang Qishan, remarking "I don't think I did anything wrong, but I'm still pretty nervous when I see you," ostensibly a reference to Wang's work in the anti-corruption campaign. Cui also shot a mobile phone video with Wang.
In June 2018, they leaked two contradicting film contracts for Fan Bingbing's Feng Xiaogang film Cell Phone 2, accusing them of using what are considered yin-yang contracts to conduct tax evasion. Cui later apologized after allegations surfaced indicating Fan may have been removed from the spotlight by the Chinese government.
Controversies
Anti-GMO campaign
In September 2013, Cui Yongyuan and Fang Zhouzi had an online debate on the commercialization of GMO foods. After that, Cui went to Japan and the US and conducted a private investigation on the consumption and regulations of GMO in those two countries. In 2014, Cui claimed that Fang operated an illegal trust fund and bought a luxurious house in California worth $670,000 USD with money earned through deceitful and shady practices. Fang therefore sued them for slandering. The verdict was released on June 25, 2015, deciding that both parties are at fault and each should release apologies publicly to the other. Fang decided to appeal.
On March 26, 2015, Cui gave a talk at Fudan University on the topic of GMO. The organizers tried to discourage students and faculty members from the Life Science Department from attending by not sending a public invitation, but Professor Lu Daru of the Genetics Institute got the news and challenged them on site during the Q and A session. Cui claimed that Lu "have not the knowledge of broadcasting, and therefore does not qualify to debate them on the same level," and also declared that "us 'consensus front of journalists' thinks that your ('consensus front of scientific researchers', a phrase used by Lu earlier) claims (on GMO) is not well founded."
In July 2015, a Weibo microblogger (a platform similar to Twitter in China) posted a parody fake-news stating that “French fries from both KFC and McDonald's are found to contain a potentially poisonous chemical called sodium chloride”. Not knowing that sodium chloride is common salt, Cui fell for it and reblogged this as news and even featured this repost on their Weibo account with a sarcastic comment “This is not scientific, because medical research has not found even one case of people getting sick due to eating French fries from KFC or McDonald's. This is exactly the same as GMO!” They were soon ridiculed for their lack of common knowledge of chemistry due to this, and many questioned their basic skills in natural sciences.
Reporting of data security issues of China Record Corporation's business practice
On June 8, 2015, Cui posted on their Weibo that China Record Corporation has subcontracted the digitization of some historical documents to a Japanese company, which including the release of master copies to the contractor. Cui claims that such act is in violation of regulations on data security and needs to be reported. China Record Corporation replied by saying that the digitization work is done by a subsidiary company named Victory Records and Videos and all that are involved in the process are strictly Chinese citizens.
Programs hosted
Tell it like it is
Talk with Xiao Cui
Legend of Movies
Thank Earth and the Heavens That You Came
Oriental Eye (a.k.a. Eyes on the East, or Eyes on Dong Fang)
References
CCTV television presenters
Living people
1963 births
Communication University of China alumni
People from Tianjin
Communication University of China faculty
Members of the 12th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the 11th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Rhabdophis bindi, the Bindee keelback, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in India and Bangladesh.
References
Rhabdophis
Reptiles of India
Reptiles of Bangladesh
Reptiles described in 2021
Darya Kustova (; ; born 29 May 1986) is a former professional Belarusian tennis player.
Them career-high WTA rankings are 117 in singles, which they reached in January 2010, and 66 in doubles, attained in July 2008.
Kustova won one doubles title on the WTA Tour, partnering Mariya Koryttseva, as well as seven singles and 29 doubles titles on tournaments of the ITF Circuit.
Playing for Belarus Fed Cup team, they have accumulated a win–loss record of 11–4.
Kustova retired from tour tennis before the 2013 season.
WTA career finals
Doubles: 2 (1 title, 1 runner-up)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 8 (7–1)
Doubles: 56 (29–27)
External links
1986 births
Living people
Belarusian female tennis players
Olympic tennis players of Belarus
Tennis players from Minsk
Tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
"Receive" is a song by Canadian-American recording artist Alanis Morissette, released as the third single from their eighth studio album, Havoc and Bright Lights (2012). The song was written by Morissette and Guy Sigsworth, and produced by Joe Chiccarelli. It is a rock ballad about a relationship in which one person gives more than the other, and the wear it causes to the people involved.
The single was sent to radio airplay on October 12, 2012 in Italy and was released worldwide on December 3, 2012.
Music video
The official music video for "Receive" premiered on December 21, 2012, on YouTube. In the clip, Morissette and people of different ages show that they decided to put yourself first, after not being successful in their respective relationships.
Track listing
Digital download
"Receive" (Radio Version) – 3:40
EP
"Receive" – 4:26
"Receive" (Nino Fish Remix) – 6:26
"Receive" (Nicole Moudaber Remix) – 10:57
"Receive" (Video) – 3:40
Charts
References
2012 singles
Songs written by Alanis Morissette
Rock ballads
2012 songs
Songs written by Guy Sigsworth
Alanis Morissette songs
Stephen McLeod Mailer (born March 10, 1966) is an American stage and screen actor. Their credits include appearances in films like Cry-Baby, Baby Mama, and Another Woman and the television shows Gilmore Girls, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, and A League of Their Own.
Mailer was born in New York City, New York, the son of novelist Norman Mailer and stage actor Beverly Bentley. They were married to fashion designer and film director Visnja Rodic Clayton then to producer Lindsay Marx. They were married to Elizabeth Rainer in 2010 and they have two children, Cal and Teddy.
References
External links
1966 births
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American people of South African-Jewish descent
Living people
Kanyakumari Express is a 2010 Malayalam police procedural thriller film directed by T S Suresh Babu, starring Suresh Gopi, Lena, Babu Antony, Sarayu and debutant Gowri Nandha as the hero.
Premise
Kanyakumari Express revolves around DIG Mohan Sanker IPS, who loses their wife and children in an accident, where they shift their job to Special Branch for a calm life. With change in their duty, Mohan Sanker is welcomed by some politicians, but they are actually working undercover, and also did research on temples of Kerala and Nanchinad. During this period, the politicians began to die mysteriously and the CM Keshavan Nambiar misunderstands Mohan Sanker for the killings. With this, Mohan Sanker begins to investigate the murders.
Cast
Suresh Gopi as DIG Mohan Shanker IPS, later promoted as IG
Babu Antony as Ranjan Philip
Jagathy Sreekumar as Keshavan Nambiar
Gowri Nandha as Hanna John
Lena as Sneha Mohan Shanker
Shanavas as Satharam Sethu
Maneesh Krishna as Arjun Satharam
Bheeman Raghu as DGP Raghuram
Kanakalatha as Meera Bhayi
Sarayu as Hema
Dinesh Panicker as Adv. John
Sabu Varghese as Rajashekharan
Krishna as Ajay Nambiyar
Tosh Christy as Alex
Achu as Achu
Kiran Raj as Rasheed
Baiju as SI Stephen Varghese
Sudheer Sukumaran as DySP Thirunnalveli Muthuvel
Urmila Unni - Cameo Appearance
Kottayam Nazeer - Cameo Appearance
Rajmohan Unnithan -Law Minister Cameo Appearance
References
External links
Nowrunning article
CompleteMovie article
OneIndia article
MalluMovies article
2010 films
Films scored by Sharreth
2010 crime thriller films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by T. S. Suresh Babu
Indian crime thriller films
Fictional portrayals of the Kerala Police
Fictional portrayals of the Tamil Nadu Police
Films shot in Thiruvananthapuram
A Snowball is a mixture of Advocaat and a carbonated lemonade in approximately equal parts. It may have other ingredients, to taste.
It typically contains a squeeze of fresh lime juice, which is shaken with the advocaat before pouring into a glass and topping up with lemonade.
In the United Kingdom, it is often sold in both pubs and supermarkets in small bottles of approximately or (known in the pub trade as "splits") and is usually drunk as a "winter warmer".
See also
List of lemonade topics
List of lemon dishes and beverages
References
Cocktails with liqueur
Lemonade
Cocktails with advocaat
was a private junior college in Nobeoka, Miyazaki, Japan, established in 1967. The present name was adopted in 1991. Originally a women's college, it began admitting male students in 1997. It closed down in 2011.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Miyazaki Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
This Is How I Feel About Jazz is a 1957 album by American musician Quincy Jones, their first full-length album as a bandleader after a recording debut with the 1955 split album Jazz Abroad.
Jones arranged and conducted three recording sessions during September 1956, each with a different line-up, from a nonet to a fifteen-piece big band. Musicians on the album include Art Farmer, Phil Woods, Lucky Thompson, Hank Jones, Paul Chambers, Milt Jackson, Art Pepper, Zoot Sims, and Herbie Mann. The bonus tracks on the CD release include compositions by Jimmy Giuffre, Lennie Niehaus and Charlie Mariano.
The album was produced by Creed Taylor and released by ABC-Paramount. The digital reissue on CD in 1992 was repackaged with the label Impulse!, ABCs sub-label for contemporary jazz established by Taylor four years after these sessions took place. The Impulse! version has a cover similar to the original but with the Impulse! logo.
Track listing
Additional tracks on CD release (1992) from Go West, Man!'Personnel
Quincy Jones - conductor, arranger (1–6)Tracks 1-2, session from September 29, 1956
Art Farmer, Bernie Glow, Ernie Royal, Joe Wilder - trumpet
Jimmy Cleveland, Urbie Green, Frank Rehak - trombone
Phil Woods - alto saxophone
Jerome Richardson - flute and tenor saxophone
Lucky Thompson, Bunny Bardach - tenor saxophone
Jack Nimitz - baritone sax
Hank Jones - piano
Paul Chambers - bass
Charlie Persip - drumsTracks 3-4, session from September 14, 1956
Art Farmer - trumpet
Jimmy Cleveland - trombone
Herbie Mann - flute
Gene Quill - alto saxophone
Zoot Sims (#3), Lucky Thompson (#4) - tenor saxophone
Jack Nimitz - baritone sax
Milt Jackson - vibes
Hank Jones - piano
Charles Mingus - bass
Charlie Persip - drumsTracks 5-6, session from September 19, 1956
Art Farmer - trumpet
Jimmy Cleveland - trombone
Herbie Mann - flute
Phil Woods - alto saxophone
Lucky Thompson - tenor saxophone
Jack Nimitz - baritone sax
Billy Taylor - piano
Charles Mingus - bass
Charlie Persip - drumsAdded tracks 7–12,' session from February 25, 1957
Bill Perkins, Buddy Collette and Walter Benton - tenor saxophone
Pepper Adams - baritone sax (10-12)
Carl Perkins - piano
Leroy Vinnegar - bass
Shelly Manne - drums
Arrangements by Jimmy Giuffre (7, 10), Lennie Niehaus (8, 9), Charlie Mariano (11)
Production
The original album tracks were recorded by Irv Greenbaum at Beltone Recording Studios, NYC.
Originally produced by Creed Taylor
Added tracks from the album Go West, Man!'' were originally recorded by John Kraus and produced by Quincy Jones.
Digital remastering by Erick Labson
Reissue post-production – Adam Zelinka, Joseph Doughney, Michael Landy
Reissue Producer – Michael Cuscuna
Executive Producers – Dave Grusin, Larry Rosen
References
1957 debut albums
Quincy Jones albums
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums arranged by Quincy Jones
ABC Records albums
Albums conducted by Quincy Jones
is a private junior college in Takizawa, Iwate, Japan. Originally established in 1990 as a women's junior college, it became coeducational in 2000.
Curriculum
Department of Nursing
Department of Community Health Nursing
Department of Midwifery
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1990
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Iwate Prefecture
Nursing schools in Japan
Takizawa, Iwate
1990 establishments in Japan
Daubréelite is a rare sulfide mineral. It crystallizes with cubic symmetry and has chemical composition of Fe2+Cr3+2S4. It usually occurs as black platy aggregates.
Naming and history
Daubréelite was named after the French mineralogist, petrologist and meteoriticist Gabriel Auguste Daubrée. The mineral was first described in 1876 in the American Journal of Science. Its type locality is the Coahuila meteorite, Bolsom de Mapimí, Coahuila, Mexico.
Classification
In the Nickel-Strunz classification daubréelite is part of the "Sulfides and Sulfosalts" and further a "metal sulfide with a metal-sulfide ratio of 3:4 and 2:3".
Occurrences
Daubréelite is found in iron meteorites as an inclusion in meteoric iron (kamacite and taenite). Further paragenetic minerals are alabandine, enstatite, graphite, plagioclase and schreibersite.
According to one source daubréelite has been described from 34 localities. Some notable examples being the ALH 84001 meteorite, Hoba meteorite, and the Canyon Diablo meteorite.
The mineral was also found in the Hadley Rille meteorite which was retrieved by the Apollo 15 mission in the Rima Hadley (Mare Imbrium).
Crystallography
Daubréelite crystallizes with cubic symmetry with the space group Fdm (4/m 2/m). There are 8 formula units in one primitive cell.
See also
Glossary of meteoritics
References
Meteorite minerals
Cubic minerals
Minerals in space group 227
Vozniak is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ihor Vozniak (born 1951), Ukrainian archbishop
Jaroslav Vožniak (1933–2005), Czech painter and printmaker
See also
Voznyak, surname
Woźniak, surname
"Handen på hjärtat" is a Swedish song by Lasse Holm (music) and Ingela Forsman (lyrics) performed by Sofia Källgren in Melodifestivalen 1990 and finished in 4th place. Källgren was backed up by three dancers wearing partially furry suits.
The song charted on Svensktoppen for 18 weeks 1 April to 7 October 1990, peaking at no 3.
Cover by Björn Kjellman feat. Salome
Björn Kjellman feat. Salome performed a slow version with updated lyrics by Jesper Winge Leisner and Søs Fenger for the soundtrack of the 2000 film Livet är en schlager.
References
Melodifestivalen songs of 1990
Songs written by Lasse Holm
Songs with lyrics by Ingela Forsman
Swedish-language songs
1990 songs
Paulding County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Part of the Atlanta metropolitan area, it had an estimated population of 168,667 in 2019. The county seat is Dallas.
History
Paulding County was created from Cherokee County by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 3, 1832. In 1851, a portion of Paulding County was used to help create Polk County. Other portions of Paulding County were annexed to neighboring counties (Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Douglas, Haralson, and Polk) between 1832 and 1874. Between 1850 and 1874, Paulding County was expanded through annexation of parts of Carroll, Cobb, Douglas, and Polk counties.
The county is named after John Paulding (October 16, 1758 – February 18, 1818), who was famous for the capture of the British spy Major John André in 1780 during the American Revolution. André was on a mission carrying secret papers from Benedict Arnold when they were captured.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water. The Tallapoosa River originates in Paulding County.
The county is mainly located in the Piedmont region of the state, with a few mountains located in the county that exceed elevations of 1,000 ft. These mountains are considered to be part of the southernmost extensions of the Appalachian Mountains.
The southeastern portion of Paulding County, from just north of Hiram to north of Villa Rica, is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Lake Harding sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The very western portion of the county, centered on State Route 101, is located in the Upper Tallapoosa River sub-basin of the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), with the majority of the central and northern portions of Paulding County located in the Etowah River sub-basin of the same ACT River Basin.
Adjacent counties
Bartow County – north
Cobb County – east
Douglas County – southeast
Carroll County – south
Haralson County – southwest
Polk County – west
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Route 278
State Route 6
State Route 6 Business
State Route 61
State Route 92
State Route 101
State Route 113
State Route 120
State Route 120 Connector
State Route 360
State Route 381
Secondary highways
Dallas-Acworth Highway (Old S.R. 381)
Ridge Road (Old S.R. 61 Connector). Connector in South Paulding that runs between SR 92 and SR 61
East Paulding Drive (Old S.R. 120 Connector, S.R. 92 Connector and S.R. 176). Road formerly known as Dragstrip Road
Goldmine Road (Old U.S. 278/S.R. 6). Former route to Yorkville.
Bill Carruth Parkway, formerly known as West Hiram Parkway, originally known as Egg Farm Road
Bobo Road (Old S.R. 92)
Macland Road (Old S.R. 360). All of Macland Road west of S.R. 120.
Mulberry Rock Road
Braswell Mountain Road
Cedarcrest Road
Seven Hills Boulevard
Harmony Grove Church Road
Dabbs Bridge Road
Vinson Mountain Road
Brushy Mountain Road
Nebo Road
Pedestrians and cycling
Dallas Trail Connect
Graves Path
Lindsey Path
Silver Comet Trail
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 81,678 people, 28,089 households, and 22,892 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 29,274 housing units at an average density of 93 per square mile (36/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.59% White, 6.96% Black or African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.57% from other races, and 1.16% from two or more races. 1.71% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 28,089 households, out of which 46.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 68.30% were married couples living together, 9.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 18.50% were non-families. 14.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 3.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.20.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 30.70% under the age of 18, 7.60% from 18 to 24, 38.40% from 25 to 44, 17.40% from 45 to 64, and 5.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 31 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $52,161, and the median income for a family was $56,039. Males had a median income of $38,637 versus $27,341 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,974. About 4.00% of families and 5.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.60% of those under age 18 and 9.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 142,324 people, 48,105 households, and 38,103 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 52,130 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 77.7% white, 17.1% black or African American, 0.9% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 1.7% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.7% were Irish, 11.6% were American, 11.2% were German, and 10.4% were English.
Of the 48,105 households, 47.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.5% were married couples living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 20.8% were non-families, and 16.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.94 and the average family size was 3.30. The median age was 33.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $62,348 and the median income for a family was $67,117. Males had a median income of $50,114 versus $37,680 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,450. About 7.0% of families and 8.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.4% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.
Paulding County has been noted for its rapid population growth in the 21st century, often ranking among the fastest-growing counties in Metro Atlanta and the state of Georgia. The rate of population growth increased in each of three consecutive years from 2015 to 2017.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 168,661 people, 56,476 households, and 44,021 families residing in the county.
Education
Elementary Schools
• Abney Elementary School
• Allgood Elementary School
• Baggett Elementary School
• Burnt Hickory Elementary School
• Dallas Elementary School
• Dugan Elementary School
• Hiram Elementary School
• Hutchens Elementary School
• McGarity Elementary School
• Nebo Elementary School
• New Georgia Elementary School
• Northside Elementary School
• Panter Elementary School
• Poole Elementary School
• Ragsdale Elementary School
• Roberts Elementary School
• Russom Elementary School
• Shelton Elementary School
• Union Elementary School
Middle Schools
• Austin Middle School
• Dobbins Middle School
• East Paulding Middle School
• Herschel Jones Middle School
• Scoggins Middle School
• Moses Middle School
• South Paulding Middle School
• P.B. Ritch Middle School
• Sammy McClure Middle School
High Schools
• East Paulding High School
• Hiram High School
• Paulding County High School
• South Paulding High School
• North Paulding High School
Media
The county legal organ is The Dallas New Era.
Recreation
Silver Comet Trail
White Oak Park
Ben Hill Strickland Park
Taylor Farm Parks & Recreation
Burnt Hickory Park
Union Park/Mulberry Rock Park
Samuel U. Braly Sports Complex
Mt. Tabor Park
Sara Babb Park (City of Dallas)
Veteran's Memorial Park
Communities
Cities
Dallas (county seat)
Hiram
Braswell
Unincorporated communities
New Hope
Yorkville
Nebo
Sudie
Notable people
Jayne County, formerly known as Wayne County: influential transgender punk rock musician after leaving Paulding County for New York City in 1968
Caleb Lee Hutchinson, American Idol finalist
Patty Loveless, country music star; and their husband, record producer Emory Gordy Jr.
Marty Pevey, Iowa Cubs manager
Riley Puckett, country music pioneer
Spencer Scott, Playboy Playmate of the Month for October, 2007
Ray Traylor, former WWF superstar
Travis Tritt, country music recording artist
Zack Wheeler, New York Mets starting pitcher
Shannon and Shannade Clermont, Models, Video Vixens
Politics
Paulding County is governed by a five-member board of commissioners, including a chairperson and four post members. In the State Legislature, Paulding County is represented by two State Senators and four State Representatives. For federal elections, it is located in Georgia's 14th congressional district.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Paulding County, Georgia
References
External links
Paulding County Government
AccessPaulding.com
GeorgiaInfo Paulding County Courthouse History
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1832 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1832
Counties in the Atlanta metropolitan area
Northwest Georgia (U.S.)
Counties of Appalachia
Abū Jaʿfar Muslim ibn ʿUbayd Allāh al-Ḥusaynī () (died 976/7) was a Husaynid and the most prominent member of the ashraf families of Egypt during the late Ikhshidid dynasty and early Fatimid Caliphate. Their son Tahir ibn Muslim established the Sharifate of Medina.
Family
They were a descendant of Husayn ibn Ali through the Shiʻi Imam Ali ibn Husayn Zayn al-Abidin, who had settled in Medina after Husayn's death in the Battle of Karbala. There the Husaynids had become the most prominent local family, and in the early 10th century, some of them had migrated to Egypt.
Abu Ja'far had two younger brothers: Abu'l-Husayn ʻIsa and Abu Muhammad ʻAbd Allah, known as Akhu Muslim. The latter was a proud and haughty man who possessed military ability, as they were entrusted with commanding an army and gubernatorial office by the Ikhshidid strongman Abu al-Misk Kafur. Akhu Muslim later fell in with the Qarmatians and became a determined enemy of the Fatimids until their death in 974.
Under the Ikhshidids
During the supremacy of Kafur in Egypt, Abu Ja'far was considered as the chief of the ashraf. Knowledgeable and cultured, they were an expert in Alid genealogical matters and is said to have transmitted hadiths. According to Thierry Bianquis, they were renowned for their "proverbial piety". Abu Ja'far's travails with Kafur's court fool, Sibawaih, who played pranks on them and called them a "Meccan paedophile" reveal, according to Bianquis, a humility of character bordering on pusillanimity.
Nevertheless, the same qualities made them a much sought-after as a mediator and conciliator in factional squabbles among the elite. During the turbulent period that followed Kafur's death in April 968, they mediated between the vizier Ja'far ibn al-Furat—a scholar, extremely pious, patron of the ashraf, and close friend of Abu Muslim—and the other factions to arrive at a power-sharing arrangement. It was likewise their intervention with Ibn al-Furat that secured the release of Ibn al-Furat's rival Ya'qub ibn Killis, while in February 969, their intercession secured the release of Ibn al-Furat, who had been imprisoned by al-Hasan ibn Ubayd Allah ibn Tughj.
Under the Fatimids
During the Fatimid conquest of Egypt, they led the delegation of notables from Fustat that met with the Fatimid commander Jawhar to negotiate the surrender of the city and Egypt to them and secure a writ of sureties (amān). As the Ikhshidid troops briefly resisted the Fatimid advance, the amān was void, and Abu Ja'far was tasked with approaching Jawhar to secure its renewal. Jawhar agreed, and charged Abu Ja'far Muslim with its upkeep, even giving them the right to issue personal writs of amān as they saw fit in Jawhar's name.
Abu Ja'far latter appears to have retained their contacts in the Hejaz, and possibly enjoyed some authority in Medina; certainly the Husaynids of Medina quickly recognized the Fatimids, with the khuṭba being read in the name of Fatimid caliph al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah in 969 or 970, and even assisted them in imposing their control over Mecca as well.
When al-Mu'izz moved their court from Ifriqiya to Egypt in 973, Abu Ja'far went to Alexandria at the head of a delegation of notables to meet and accompany them during the last part of their journey to Cairo. The Fatimid ruler showed particular care for Abu Ja'far, insisting that they ride a palanquin, since the hot June sun and the ongoing Ramadan fast made travel difficult for a man of their years. Al-Mu'izz continued Jawhar's policy of accommodating the ashraf after they arrived in Egypt, and heaped honours on Abu Ja'far Muslim.
This privileged relationship was strained during the Qarmatian invasion of 974. Not only was Abu Ja'far's brother Akhu Muslim one of the chief Qarmatian leaders, but several of the younger ashraf, including Abu Ja'far's own son Ja'far, left Fustat to join the invaders. During the mobilization to save the capital from the Qarmatians, however, when the entire male population was called to arms, al-Mu'izz made an exception for Abu Ja'far.
Nevertheless, soon after, Abu Ja'far refused to sanction the marriage of their daughter and the Caliph's son. According to some accounts al-Mu'izz then had Abu Ja'far thrown in prison, and they were saved from a worse fate only through the appeal on their behalf of the ashraf of Mecca. However, other sources such as Ibn Khaldun and Ibn Taghribirdi refute this. At any rate, when they died in 976/7 CE (366 AH), their funeral was attended by al-Mu'izz's successor, al-Aziz Billah.
Offspring
Shortly after their death, their son, Tahir, returned to Medina, where they were recognized as the leader of the ashraf of the city and became the first in a long series of Husaynid emirs (also known as sharifs) of the city.
Notes
References
Sources
970s deaths
Year of birth unknown
Year of death uncertain
10th-century Arabs
Husaynids
People of the Ikhshidid dynasty
Prisoners and detainees of the Fatimid Caliphate
Kazimierz Raszewski (29 February 1864 – 14 January 1941) was a lieutenant general of the Polish Army.
Early life
Raszewski was born 29 February 1864 in a small village called Jasień near Poznań (Czempiń Municipal), in the Province of Posen in the Kingdom of Prussia. Kazimierz was the second son of a szlachta (Polish landed gentry) Ignacy Raszewski and Józefa Koczorowska. An ancestor, Kazimierz Turno, was a general of the Army of the Duchy of Warsaw.
In 1827, they started attending the Real School in Poznań. They later moved to the Saint Mary Magdalene School. In 1884, they finished school in Bolesławiec.
Military career
They started their military career in 1885 by joining the 2. Schlesische Husaren-Regiment Nr. 6 in Prudnik. The commander of the Regiment in Prudnik was lieutenant Rosenberg, a friend of Raszewski's father with whom they served in the Husaren-Regiment Nr. 1 in Milicz. Due to Raszewski's Polish descent, they were being mocked by other soldiers. After many years, in their autobiography, they stated that they wouldn't become an officer without the support they received from Rosenberg while in Prudnik.
After graduating from military school in Nysa in 1887, they came back to Prudnik as a second lieutenant and became the commander of the platoon. In 1892, they married Olga Luchs. The couple had a son Lambert (born 1893) and a daughter Izabela (1894–1917).
In 1894, they were moved to 1. Schlesische Husaren-Regiment Nr. 4 in Oława. In 1913, they joined the Husaren-Regiment Nr. 16 in Schleswig. During World War I, they served on Western and Eastern Front.
In 1918, they joined the Armia Wielkopolska to fight in the Greater Poland uprising. They later participated in the Polish–Soviet War.
Promotions
Second Lieutenant – 1887
Lieutenant – 1895
Rittmeister – 1901
Major – 1913
Lieutenant Colonel – 21 January 1918
Colonel – 1919
Lieutenant General – 21 April 1920
Honours and awards
Silver Cross of the Order of Virtuti Militari
Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Cross of Valour, two times
Krzyż na Śląskiej Wstędze Waleczności i Zasługi
Gold Cross of Merit
War Medal 1918-1921
Decade of Independence Regained
Iron Cross
Great Officer of the Order of St. Sava
Commandeur of the Legion of Honour
Officier of the Legion of Honour
Order of Merit
References
1864 births
1941 deaths
Polish generals of the Second Polish Republic
Commanders of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Recipients of the Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Recipients of the Gold Cross of Merit (Poland)
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914), 1st class
Great Officers of the Order of St. Sava
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Polish people of World War I
Polish monarchists
Polish nobility
Greater Poland Uprising (1918–1919) participants
Polish people of the Polish–Soviet War
Military personnel from Poznań
The Center for Human Rights and Humanitarian Law at American University Washington College of Law (AUWCL) was founded in 1990 as a way to coordinate all the human rights and humanitarian law activities at AUWCL. The Center's objective is “to work with students, faculty and the international legal community to provide scholarship and support for human rights initiatives around the world.”
The Center has founded and administered expansive programming on emerging human rights issues, focused on core areas including the Human Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Human Rights in Business, Human Rights Education, and the Anti-Torture Initiative, designed to support the mandate of the UN Special Rapporteur on Torture through development of a model for effective in-country follow-up and through monitoring and assessing implementation of the SRT's recommendations.
Each year the Center also co-hosts the Human Rights Film Series with the American University's Center for Media and Social Impact to demonstrate how film can be used as a tool to promote human rights. In addition, the Center hosts 50-70 events throughout the academic year, including panel discussions, lectures by human rights practitioners, and seminars for law students interested in human rights. Beyond that, the Center co-sponsors human rights event series organized by other organizations.
The current Faculty Director is legal scholar Macarena Sáez, who was appointed in Sept 2015.
See also
Washington College of Law
American University
Human Rights
Humanitarian Law
External links
AUWCL Center for Human Rights and Humanitarian Law
References
American University
General elections were held in Guatemala on 19 January 1958 after the 1957 elections were nullified. After no candidate received 50% or more of the national vote, Miguel Ydígoras Fuentes was elected President by Congress on 12 February, whilst an alliance of the National Democratic Reconciliation Party, Nationalist Democratic Party, the Nationalist Liberal Party, the Democratic National Association and the National Anti-Communist Front won 40 of the 66 seats in Congress.
Results
President
Congress
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1958. New York, 1959.
Elections in the Americas A Data Handbook Volume 1. North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. Edited by Dieter Nohlen. 2005.
Elections in Guatemala
Guatemala
1958 in Guatemala
Presidential elections in Guatemala
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
In the election for the Twelfth Legislative Assembly of Himachal Pradesh, held 4 November 2012, the Congress Party secured a victory. The Congress won 36, while the Bharatiya Janata Party won 26 of the 68 seats.
See also
Government of Himachal Pradesh
Eighth Assembly
Ninth Assembly
Tenth Assembly
Eleventh Assembly
References
Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly
Race You to the Bottom is the debut studio album by American hard rock band New Medicine, released through Photo Finish Records and Atlantic on September 27, 2010.
Track listing
Personnel
Race You to the Bottom album personnel as listed on Allmusic.
New Medicine
Jake Scherer - vocals / guitar
Matt Brady - bass
Dan Garland - guitar
Ryan Guanzon - drums
Additional musicians
Tommy Henriksen - programming
Kevin Kadish - composer, engineer, producer, vocals
Sean Gould - bass
Jennifer Adan - composer
Billy Falcon - composer
Karl Owen Gronwall - composer
Elisha Hoffman - composer
Sam Hollander - composer
Rebecca Lynn Howard - composer
Zac Maloy - composer
Kevin Wayne - composer
Artwork and design
Mark Obriski – art direction, photography
Theo Kogan Hair - stylist, make-up
Chris Phelps - photography
Andrew Zaeh - photography
Basia Zamorska - stylist
Production and recording
Jason Livermore - production
Colt Leeb - assistant engineering
S*A*M - assistant engineering
Sluggo - assistant engineering
Chris Gehringer - mastering
David Bendeth - mixing
Steve Hodge - mixing, producer
James “Fluff” Harley - mixing
Anne Declemente - A&R
Matt Galle - A&R
Mike Marquis - A&R
Ryan Harlacher - booking
Rebecca Wedlake - booking
Anna Jacobson Leong - management
John Coster - marketing
Gerardo Cueva - marketing
David McKay - marketing
Brian Raney - package production
Chart positions
References
2010 debut albums
New Medicine albums
The Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum, or simply Collegium Germanicum, is a German-speaking seminary for Catholic priests in Rome, founded in 1552. Since 1580 its full name has been Pontificium Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum de Urbe.
History
The Collegium Germanicum was established on 31 August 1552 by Pope Julius III with the bull Dum sollicita. The initiative towards its foundation was taken by Cardinal Giovanni Morone and Ignatius Loyola. Pope Julius III approved of the idea and promised their aid, but for a long time the college had to struggle against financial difficulties. Ignatius formally opened it on 28 October and the direction of the college was given to the order they founded 12 years earlier - the Society of Jesus ("Jesuits"). After the Almo Collegio Capranica, this is the oldest college in Rome. The first students were received in November 1552.
The administration was confided to a committee of six Cardinal Protectors, who decided that the collegians should wear a red cassock, in consequence of which they have since been popularly known as the gamberi cotti (boiled lobsters). During the first year the higher courses were given in the college itself; but in the autumn of 1553 St. Ignatius succeeded in establishing the schools of philosophy and theology in the Collegio Romano of their Society. They also drew up the first rules for the college, which served as models for similar institutions. During the pontificate of Pope Paul IV the financial conditions became such that the students had to be distributed among the various colleges of the Society in Italy. To place the institution on a firmer basis it was decided to admit paying boarders regardless their nationality, and without the obligation of embracing the ecclesiastical state; German clerics to the number of 20 or more were received free and formed a separate body. In a short time 200 boarding students, all belonging to the flower of European nobility, were received. This state of affairs lasted till 1573. Under Pope Pius V, who had placed 20 of their nephews in the college, there was some idea of suppressing the camerata of the poveri tedeschi. Pope Gregory XIII, however, may be considered the real founder of the college. They transferred the secular department to the Seminario Romano, and endowed the college with the Abbey of S. Saba all' Aventino and all its possessions, both on the Via Portuense and on Lake Bracciano; moreover they incorporated with it the Abbeys of Fonte Avellana in the Marches, S. Cristina, and Lodiveccio in Lombardy. The new rector P. Lauretano, drew up another set of regulations.
The college had already changed its location five times. In 1574 Pope Gregory XIII assigned it the Palazzi di S. Apollinare (the current seats of the Domus Internationalis Paulus VI and the Pontifical University of the Holy Cross), and in 1575 gave it charge of the services in the adjoining church. The splendour and majesty of the functions as well as the music executed by the students under the Spaniard Tomás Luis de Victoria, and their successor Annibale Stabile and other celebrated masters (Annibale Orgas, Lorenzo Ratti, Giacomo Carissimi, Ottavio Pittoni, and others) constantly drew large crowds to the church. Too much attention indeed was given to music under P. Lauretano, so that regulations had to be made at various times to prevent the academic work of the students from suffering. The courses were still given in the Collegio Roman; but when Bellarmine terminated their lectures on controversy, a chair for this important branch of learning was established in the Collegio Germanico and somewhat later a chair of canon law. As a special mark of their favour, Gregory XIII ordered that each year on the Feast of All Saints a student of the college should deliver a panegyric in presence of the pope. Meanwhile, in 1578 the Collegio Ungherese had been founded through the efforts of another Jesuit, Stephan Szántó, who obtained for it the church and convent of S. Stefano Rotondo on the Caelian Hill, and of S. Stefanino behind St. Peter's Basilica, the former belonging to the Hungarian Pauline monks, and the latter to the Hungarian pilgrims' hospice. In 1580 Pope Gregory XIII merged it with the Collegium Hungaricum ("Hungarian College"), founded in 1578, since when it has been called the Pontificium Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum de Urbe, or the Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum for short. The students generally numbered about 100, sometimes, however, there were but 54, at other times as many as 150. During the seventeenth century several changes occurred, in particular the new form of oath exacted from all the students of foreign colleges. Mention must be made of the work of P. Galeno, the business manager who succeeded in consolidating the finances of the college so as to raise the revenue to 25,000 scudi per annum. A country residence was acquired at Parioli. In the eighteenth century the college became gradually more aristocratic. Pope Benedict XIV performed the ceremony of laying the cornerstone of the new church of S. Apollinare in 1742, on the completion of which a new Palace of S. Apollinare was erected. At the suppression of the Society (1773) the direction was entrusted to secular priests; lectures were delivered in the college itself, and the professors were Dominicans. Discipline and studies declined rapidly. Moreover, Emperor Joseph II sequestrated the property situated in Lombardy and forbade their subjects to attend the college. The buildings, however, were increased by the addition of the palace opposite to S. Agostino.
After Emperor Joseph II in 1781 forbade all students of their realm to study in Rome, and the city was shortly afterwards occupied by French troops, the college was obliged to close in 1798. It was reopened under Pope Pius VII in 1818, and reorganised by Pope Leo XII, who strengthened its connection to the Jesuits and gave it the form which it still has today.
On the proclamation of the Roman Republic the property of the foreign national colleges was declared escheated to the Government and was sold for an absurdly small sum. On that occasion the library and the precious archives of sacred music were scattered. Pius VII restored whatever remained unsold and ordered the rest to be repurchased as far as possible. In the first years the revenues were employed to pay off the debts contracted in this repurchase. In 1824 the palace of S. Apollinare as well as the villa at Parioli was reunited to the Seminario Romano. The first students were received in 1818 and lived in the professed house of the Jesuits at the Gesu, and there the college remained till 1851. From that time the administration was entrusted to the general of the Jesuits, who appointed the rector and other fathers in charge of the college. In 1845 the estate of S. Pastore near Zagarolo was acquired. In 1851 the residence was transferred to the Palazzo Borromeo in the Via del Seminario where it remained till 1886. In 1873 when the Collegio Romano was taken away from the Jesuits, the Collegio Germanico found a home in the Gregorian University. In 1886 owing to the necessity of having more extensive quarters, the Collegio Germanico was transferred to the Hotel Costanzi in the Via S. Nicola da Tolentino. The college receives students from Scandinavia, from the old German Empire and from the old Hungarian kingdom; places are free, but there are some students who pay.
During World War I the members of the college had to move to share the premises of the Collegium Canisianum in Innsbruck from 1915 to 1919.
Teaching
At its foundation the defence against the Reformation, improvement of theological training and the education of priests loyal to Rome were the principal aims. "From the territories, endangered in faith, of the Holy Roman Empire of the German nation" were to be trained "fearless warriors for the faith" (quotations from the founding bull). After the fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989 it was possible to restore the original internationalism of the college.
Known students
Béla H. Bánáthy
Friedrich Dörr, German priest, professor and hymnwriter
Marcin Dunin
Pál László Eszterházy, later bishop of Pécs, Hungary
Jean-Baptiste Fallize, first Vicar Apostolic of Norway
Alexander Frison
John Gibbons
Gerhard Gruber
Joseph Höffner
Hugo Hurter
Robert Johnson
Benedict Kishdy, bishop of Eger
György Klimó, later bishop of Pécs, Hungary
József Koller, canon in Pécs, Hungary
Kurt Krenn
St. Marko Krizin
Hans Küng
Karl Lehmann, cardinal
Heinrich Maier, important Austrian resistance fighter against National Socialism
Johann Maier, executed by Nazis
Johann Michael Raich
Karl-August von Reisach
Blessed Theodore Romzha, Bishop of Mukachevo, Martyred by Nikita Khrushchev and Joseph Stalin.
Franz-Josef Overbeck, bishop of Essen, Germany
Andreas Steinhuber, cardinal
Alojzije Stepinac, cardinal
Franjo Šeper, Cardinal and Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith
Bela Tonković
Friedrich Wetter, cardinal
Tomás Luis de Victoria, Spanish composer
See also
Pontifical Gregorian University, formerly Collegium Romanum
University of Olomouc, by which Collegium Nordicum was established in 1578
Francis Xavier Patrizi, a Jesuit teacher of the college
List of Jesuit sites
References
Sources
Dachsberger, Johann and Leiber, Robert, 1934. Kollegien in Lexikon für Theologie und Kirche, 1st edition. vol. 6. Freiburg im Breisgau: Herder.
Schmidt, Peter, 1984. Das Collegium Germanicum in Rom und die Germaniker. Zur Funktion e. röm. Ausländerseminars (1552 - 1914). Tübingen: Niemeyer.
Leitgöb, Martin, 2004. Vom Seelenhirten zum Wegführer. Sondierungen zum bischöflichen Selbstverständnis im 19. und 20. Jahrhundert. Die Germanikerbischöfe 1837-1962. Rome: Herder.
Maurizio Tani: La rinascita culturale del '700 ungherese: le arti figurative nella grande committenza ecclesiastica, Gregorian University Press / Biblical BookShop, Rom 2005,
External links
Official website
Brief description at www.kath.de
Peter Walter: Die Gründungen des Collegium Germanicum et Hungaricum: Etappen der Kollegsgeschichte
This article is a translation of the equivalent article on the German Wikipedia
Germanicum
Educational institutions established in the 1550s
1552 establishments in the Papal States
is a private women's junior college in Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima, Japan, established in 1963.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1963
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hiroshima Prefecture
1963 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima
Spectrum Center is an indoor arena located in Uptown Charlotte, North Carolina. It is owned by the city of Charlotte and operated by its main tenant, the NBA's Charlotte Hornets. The arena seats 19,077 for NBA games but can be expanded to 20,200 for college basketball games.
History
The arena opened in October 2005 as Charlotte Bobcats Arena. The name was changed to Time Warner Cable Arena when the naming rights were purchased in 2008. When Charter Communications purchased Time Warner Cable in 2016, the name was again changed to reflect the Spectrum trade name.
The arena was originally intended to host the original Hornets franchise in the early 2000s. The Hornets' arena, the Charlotte Coliseum, was considered outdated despite being only 13 years old.
In 2001, a non-binding public referendum for an arts package, which included money to build the new uptown arena, was placed on the ballot for voters; it was placed in order to demonstrate what was believed to be widespread public support for new arena construction. Polls showed the referendum on its way to passage until then-mayor Pat McCrory vetoed a living wage ordinance just days before the referendum. As a result, Helping Empower Local People, a grass-roots organization supporting a living wage, launched a campaign to oppose the arena, arguing that it was immoral for the city to build a new arena when city workers didn't earn enough to make a living. The referendum failed with 43% for building the arena and 57% opposed.
City leaders then devised a way to build a new arena that did not require voter support, but let it be known that they wouldn't consider building it unless then-Hornets' owner George Shinn sold the team. While even the NBA acknowledged that Shinn had alienated fans, NBA officials felt such a statement would anger other team owners. As it turned out, the NBA approved the Hornets' application to move to New Orleans. However, the league promised that the city would get a new team—which became the Bobcats—as part of the deal. The total cost of the arena to Charlotte and Mecklenburg County was not known, but estimated at around $260 million. The construction was approved by the city council, which did not opt to present another referendum to the public.
The arena opened as the Charlotte Bobcats Arena on October 21, 2005, costing $265 million. Architects hoped the building would bring the city together, as its location and large outdoor plaza, among other features, would suggest. The building's concourses and open design, plus artwork throughout also suggests the concept of community and socializing. One major feature of the arena was its original center-hung scoreboard, which was not only the largest scoreboard in any NBA arena when it debuted, but also featured a one-of-a-kind light-up 360 degree 3D mural of the Charlotte skyline. In early 2006, the arena became the subject of controversy when the Bobcats charged a $15,000 fee to Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools for graduation ceremonies held at the building. The fee was eventually waived following media attention from a local newspaper. Many high schools in the area moved graduations to Bojangles' Coliseum.
As part of the deal, TWC shuttered its poorly-performing regional sports network C-SET (which was established to serve as the Bobcats' rightsholder) and allowed the team to negotiate a new deal with Fox Sports South to ensure wider distribution of its games. Following Charter Communications' purchase of TWC, the arena was renamed Spectrum Center, in accordance with Charter's trade name for its cable services.
Renovations
Little to no renovations were made to the arena during much of its existence, mostly due to its young age. However, in September 2014, the Charlotte city council agreed to give the Hornets $34 million for arena renovations in preparation for the 2017 NBA All-Star Game. (However, the game was moved to New Orleans because of a controversial HB2 bill, but Spectrum Center did host the 2019 NBA All-Star Game to make up for it.)
On January 24, 2015, the Hornets announced and unveiled images of a new scoreboard to be installed in summer 2016, costing $7 million. The board's screens measure out at 25' high by 42' wide and 18' high by 31' wide, approximately, making it almost twice the size of the original board and among the NBA's largest. The screens are able to handle 1080p resolution, something unique to the NBA. Two smaller "underbelly" screens would also be included. In addition, the scoreboard would be able to change colors and have a visible 'hive' motif built-in throughout its design. It was also announced that four retractable auxiliary scoreboards will be installed in the corners of the upper level and finally, 360° ribbon boards are scheduled to be installed as well. Construction was completed by the start of the 2016–17 NBA season. Also announced were plans for the renovation of the visitors locker room, suites, and other rooms. This marked the first major renovations to the Spectrum Center in its history.
The city proposed a $245 million renovation plan for both the arena and the area around it in early 2022. It included various internal upgrades to the arena such as new HVAC units, and the possibility of an outdoor space for entertainment similar to others found at NBA arenas. The biggest addition would be a separate new practice facility located across the street from the arena. In addition, the cost would also cover upgrades to the existing transit station where the new facility would be. City leaders approved the renovations, now priced at $275 million, in June 2022. Construction is expected to start in summer 2022 with a rough completion date in 2027.
Major events
College basketball
As North Carolina is a hotbed for college basketball thanks to constant success among its major universities, it was expected that the arena would host many NCAA basketball games, and that expectation was correct. Notable NCAA basketball games the Spectrum Center has hosted to date include:
NCAA Tournament: 2008, 2011, 2015, 2018
The arena hosted the first ever 16–1 upset in the NCAA Tournament since the 64-team field was adopted. The University of Maryland, Baltimore County upset the University of Virginia 74–54 on March 16, 2018.
ACC men's basketball tournament: 2008, 2019
Southern Conference men's basketball tournament: 2010
Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association (CIAA) men's and women's basketball tournaments: 2006–2020.
The Charlotte 49ers basketball teams play a number of high-profile games at the arena.
Other events
In 2012, the Spectrum Center hosted the Democratic National Convention. In 2016, the arena hosted the Kellogg's Tour of Gymnastics Champions. It was scheduled to host the 2017 NBA All-Star Game, but was removed as host on July 21, 2016, due to the league's opposition against North Carolina's Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act signed by then-Governor Pat McCrory. The league said consideration for Charlotte to host in 2019 would remain if the North Carolina State Legislature and current Governor Roy Cooper made changes to the act that were satisfactory to the league. On May 24, 2017, Charlotte and the arena were officially announced as hosts of the 2019 NBA All-Star Game. The arena was originally scheduled to host the 2020 Republican National Convention, but due to the COVID-19 pandemic the event was scaled back with Day 1 events taking place at the Charlotte Convention Center and the remainder of the convention being held virtually.
Tenants
Spectrum Center has had two other permanent tenants besides the Hornets.
The Charlotte Checkers of the ECHL vacated historic Bojangles' Coliseum to play in the new arena in fall 2005. When the ECHL Checkers gave way to an American Hockey League team with the same name, they remained at the arena. Although primarily built for basketball, the arena can accommodate an NHL-sized ice hockey rink. The seating capacity for hockey was 14,100 in an asymmetrical seating arrangement, with much of the upper level curtained off. This resulted in many seats with poor sightlines; over 4,000 seats in the hockey configuration had obstructed views. Primarily because of those factors, on December 16, 2014, it was announced the Checkers would move back to Bojangles' Coliseum starting with the 2015–16 AHL season. Overall, both incarnations of the Checkers played 10 seasons at the arena.
The WNBA's Charlotte Sting moved with the then-Bobcats to the arena in 2005, becoming the building's third permanent tenant. However, they only played one season at their new home in 2006 before folding in early 2007. This was due to low attendance and a lack of on-court success.
Entertainment
The arena is used for more than just sporting events. Musical acts, family productions and other events including concerts, circuses, and professional wrestling all perform there.
In film and television
One Tree Hill location shoot for the season six finale, "Remember Me as a Time of Day". Aired on May 18, 2009.
American Idol Season 12 auditions, June 19, 2012.
The series finale of Veep is primarily set in this venue.
Gallery
References
External links
2005 establishments in North Carolina
Basketball venues in North Carolina
Charlotte 49ers basketball venues
Charlotte Checkers
Charlotte Hornets venues
Charlotte Sting venues
College basketball venues in the United States
Event venues established in 2005
Gymnastics venues in the United States
Indoor ice hockey venues in the United States
National Basketball Association venues
Rodeo venues in the United States
Sports venues completed in 2005
Sports venues in Charlotte, North Carolina
No. 660 Squadron was a Royal Air Force Air Observation Post squadron associated with the 21st Army Group during World War II. Numbers 651 to 663 Squadrons of the RAF were Air Observation Post units working closely with Army units in artillery spotting and liaison. A further three of these squadrons, 664–666, were manned with Canadian personnel. Their duties and squadron numbers were transferred to the Army with the formation of the Army Air Corps on 1 September 1957.
History
Formation and World War II
No. 660 Squadron was formed at RAF Old Sarum on 31 July 1943 with the Auster III and in February 1944 the Auster IV. From November 1943, it was based at Hammerwood Park, a country house in Sussex. However, as the squadron's role was to support the Second British Army, in July 1944 it moved to France. Fighting in the break-out from Normandy it followed the army across the low countries and into Germany. The squadron disbanded at Holtenau, Germany on 31 May 1946. The squadron today is represented by No. 660 Squadron AAC of the Army Air Corps, part of the (Defence Helicopter Flying School).
Aircraft operated
See also
List of Royal Air Force aircraft squadrons
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Squadron history for nos. 651–670 sqn. at RAF Web
660 sqn. page of RAF website
Aircraft squadrons of the Royal Air Force in World War II
660 Squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1943
Thabit ibn Jabr, better known by their epithet Ta'abbata Sharran (; lived late 6th century or early 7th century CE) was a pre-Islamic Arabic poet of the su'luk (vagabond) school. They lived in the Arabian Peninsula near the city of Ta'if, and was a member of the tribe. They were known for engaging in tribal conflict with the Banu Hudhayl and Bajila tribes. They wrote poems about tribal warfare, the hardships of desert life, and ghouls. Their work was prominent in the early poetic anthologies, being preserved in both the Mufaddaliyat (8th century) and the Hamasah (9th century). Details of their life are known only from pseudo-historical accounts in the poetic anthologies and the Kitab al-Aghani.
Name
Their proper name was Thabit ibn Jabr al-Fahmi. Al-Fahmi is a nisba indicating their membership in the Fahm tribe. Ta'abatta Sharran is a laqab, or nickname, which means "he who has put evil in their armpit."
There are a number of traditional accounts of how they acquired the name, related in the Kitab al-Aghani. In one, they saw a ram in the desert. They picked it up and carried it under their arm, but it urinated on him. It became heavier as they approached their camp, so they dropped it, and saw that in fact it was a ghul. Their clan asked them what they had been carrying, and they replied "the ghul," which prompted them to give them their nickname. In another, during truffle season, their mother asked why they were not gathering truffles for the family. They went out with their bag and filled it with snakes, then returned to the tent carrying the bag under their arm. They threw the bag down in front of them and they opened it, finding the snakes, then fled the tent. When they told the story to the women of the tribe, they gave Thabit their nickname. Another story has it that their mother gave them the name because they habitually carried their sword under their arm when travelling with a raiding party. Modern scholars believe that these traditions "should not be taken at face value," and that the name was intended to signify the poet's unavoidable propensity for trouble.
Life
The dates of Ta'abbata Sharran's life are not known. Based on personal names which occur in poems attributed to him, they likely lived in the late 6th century or early 7th century CE. They lived in the western Arabian regions of Tihama and the Hejaz, near the city of Ta'if.
Their mother was Amima al-Fahmia, of the Banu al-Qayn. After the death of their father Jabr, their mother married one of their enemies, . Ta'abbata Sharran themselves married a woman of the Banu Kilab.
They lived as a su'luk (plural sa'alik), a term which can be translated as brigand, brigand-poet, or vagabond. The sa'alik were mostly individuals who had been forced out of their tribes and who lived on the fringes of society. Some of the sa'alik became renowned poets, writing poetry about the hardships of desert life and their feelings of isolation. However, scholar Albert Arazi notes that due to a lack of contemporary documents about the sa'alik, knowledge of them is uncertain and "it is not at all easy to unravel the problem posed by the existence of this group."
Ta'abbata Sharran was one of the few su'luk poets who was not repudiated by their tribe. They lived as a brigand, accompanied by a band of men including Al-Shanfara, Amir ibn al-Akhnas, al-Musayyab ibn Kilab, Murra ibn Khulayf, Sa'd ibn al-Ashras, and 'Amr ibn Barrak. The band primarily raided the tribes of Bajila, Banu Hudhayl, Azd, and Khath'am, and evaded pursuit by hiding in the Sarawat Mountains. Narratives of their life are found in several literary sources beginning in the 8th century, and include stylized accounts of their exploits such as them pouring honey on a mountain in order to slide to safety after a raid.
The poet was eventually killed during a raid against the Banu Hudhayl, and their body was thrown into a cave called al-Rakhman.
Poetry
Ta'abbata Sharran's poetic diwan consists of 238 verses divided into 32 poems and fragments. Typical of the su'luk poets, their work expresses strident individuality and a rejection of tribal values.
Qasida Qafiyya
Ta'abbata Sharran's "Qasida Qafiyya" is the opening poem of the Mufaddaliyat, an important collection of early Arabic poetry. According to the Italian orientalist Francesco Gabrieli, the Qafiyya may not have been written as a single poem, but might instead be a collection of Ta'abbata Sharran's verses compiled by later editors.
The opening lines of the Qafiyya are as follows:
This poem follows the traditional structure of the qasida, which consists of three sections: a nostalgic prelude, a description of a camel journey, and then the message or motive of the poem. However, the poet subverts this structure in order to express "the ideal of perpetual marginality". The poem also contains several lines devoted to fakhr (boasting) about the poet's fleetness of foot, starting with line 4: "I escape [from her] as I escaped from the Bajila, when I ran at top speed on the night of the sandy tract at al-Raht." The incident to which this line refers is explained in three different stories in the Kitab al-Aghani, which differ in their details but have to do with the poet being captured by the Bajila during a raid and using a ruse to escape. Ta'abbata Sharran, along with al-Shanfara and 'Amr ibn Barraq, was famous for being a fast runner.
Charles Lyall translated the poem into English in 1918.
Qasida Lamiyya
The "Qasida Lamiyya," transmitted in the 9th-century Hamasah of Abu Tammam, is considered to be another of the poet's major works. However, the authenticity of this poem is doubtful. Al-Tibrizi, a major commentator on the Hamasa, believed that the true author was the rāwī (reciter) , while the Andalusian anthologist Ibn Abd Rabbih attributed it to a nephew of Ta'abbata Sharran. Contemporary scholar Alan Jones concluded that it may be a mixture of authentic and inauthentic material. The poem is a rithā' (elegy) on the death of the poet's uncle, slain on a mountain path by the Banu Hudhyal. The poet describes their vengeance on the Banu Hudhayl, in what scholar Suzanne Stetkevych calls "the most famous Arabic poem of blood vengeance."
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe admired the poem greatly, and included a German translation of it in the "Notes and Queries" section of their 1819 work West–östlicher Divan. Goethe's translation was based on Latin translations by Georg Freytag and Johann David Michaelis. Other translations include those of Charles Lyall into English (1930), Suzanne Stetkevych into English (1986), and Pierre Larcher into French (2012).
Other work
One poem, labelled either "How I Met the Ghul" or the "Qit'a Nuniyya," relates the story of the poet's encounter with a ghul. They were travelling at night in the territory of the Banu Hudhayl, when a ghul stepped in their way. They fought the ghul and killed her, then spent the night on top of them In the morning they carried them under their arm and showed them to their friends: "Two eyes set in a hideous head, like the head of a cat, split-tongued, legs like a deformed fetus, the back of a dog." The structure of the poem parodies Arabic love poems in which lovers meet at night in the desert. In another, titled "Sulayma Says to Them Neighbor Women", they meet a ghul and attempts to have sex with her, but they writhe and reveals their horrible face, which prompts them to cut their head off. Further examples of their work can be found in poems VIII and IX of the Hamasah.
Legacy
A famous elegy in the Hamasah may refer to Ta'abbata Sharran. The author is unknown but is typically taken to be either Ta'abbata Sharran's mother or the mother of another su'luk, . The poem emphasizes the role of fate:
They were also mocked in a humorous hija''' (lampoon) poem written by Qays ibn 'Azarah of the Banu Hudhayl, involving an incident in which Qays was captured by the Fahm and bargained for their life with Ta'abbata Sharran and their wife. In the poem Qays referred to Ta'abbata Sharran by the nickname Sha'l (firebrand), and their wife by the kunya Umm Jundab (mother of Jundab):
They also appeared as a character in the Resalat Al-Ghufran, written by Al-Ma'arri around 1033. During an imagined tour of hell, a Sheikh who criticized al-Ma'arri encounters Ta'abbata Sharran along with al-Shanfara, and asks them if they really married a ghul. Ta'abbata Sharran replies only, "All men are liars."
When Oriental studies became popular in Europe in the 19th century, scholars such as Silvestre de Sacy and Caussin de Perceval introduced su'luk poetry to a Western audience. They wrote first about al-Shanfara, whose Lamiyyat al-'Arab is the most famous su'luk poem. Interest in al-Shanfara led naturally to their associate Ta'abbata Sharran, who became known and appreciated in Europe during the 19th century. In the 20th century, Arab critics began to display renewed interest in su'luk'' poetry, and the influential Syrian poet and critic Adunis praised the works of Ta'abbata Sharran and al-Shanfara as quintessential specimens of "the literature of rejection."
Editions
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Text of Poems (Arabic) at Poets Gate
Arabic-language poets
Pre-Islamic Arabian poets
6th-century Arabs
7th-century Arabs
Shaw is a central neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C. Shaw and the U Street Corridor historically have been the city's black social, cultural, and economic hub, witness to Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X, and numerous riots, marches, and protests that fought to achieve racial equality in Shaw and the entirety of America. The District of Columbia has designated much of Shaw as the Shaw Historic District, and Shaw also contains the smaller Blagden Alley-Naylor Court Historic District, listed on the National Register.
Name
Until the 1960s, what is now Shaw was called Midcity. In 1966, planners used the enrollment boundary of Shaw Junior High School to define the Shaw School Urban Renewal Area covering what are now the Shaw, U Street Corridor and Logan Circle neighborhoods. The school had been named after Robert Gould Shaw, who led the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment, one of the first official African American units during the American Civil War.
As the area diversified starting in the 1990s, neighborhoods in the north, west and east of what was considered Shaw during the urban renewal era became more frequently referred to by specific names, such as the U Street Corridor (a.k.a. Cardozo/Shaw), Logan Circle, Truxton Circle, and Randolph Square; for the remaining area (7th/9th street corridor north from Convention Center to U Street), "Shaw" remains the unique, unequivocal name.
Geography
The most generally used definition of Shaw, without Logan Circle and the U Street Corridor, is bounded by:
Florida Avenue NW and the U Street Corridor, Ledroit Park and Howard University on the north,
M Street NW and Massachusetts Avenue NW, and Mount Vernon Square and Downtown Washington, D.C. on the south,
First St. NW and Truxton Circle on the east, and
12th Street NW and the U Street and Logan Circle neighborhoods to the west.
Shaw consists of gridded streets lined mainly with small Victorian row houses, but also north of the convention center by urban-renewal-era low-rise apartment complexes and the late 2010s mixed-use development City Market at O. The original commercial hub of the area prior to the redevelopment in the wake of the 1968 riots and Green Line Metrorail construction was along 7th and 9th streets NW, and especially 7th street is still lined by small businesses housed in rowhouse-sized buildings—though with trendy shops and restaurants rather than neighborhood-oriented businesses. Tucked away into the alleys here are former light industrial buildings that now constitute the Blagden Alley-Naylor Court Historic District, home to restaurants, cafés and other small businesses. The Shaw Main Streets association is centered along 7th and 9th Streets between K and W streets.
History
Shaw emerged from freed slave encampments in the rural outskirts of Washington, D.C. It was originally called "Uptown", in an era when the city's boundary ended at "Boundary Street" (now Florida Avenue).
The neighborhood thrived in the late 19th and early 20th centuries as the pre-Harlem, national center of U.S. black intellectual and cultural life. During this time, President Andrew Johnson signed Howard University's founding charter. Furthermore, in 1925, Professor Alain LeRoy Locke advanced the idea of "The New Negro" while Langston Hughes descended from LeDroit Park to hear the "sad songs" of 7th Street. Another famous Shaw native to emerge from this period—sometimes called the Harlem Renaissance—was Duke Ellington.
Following the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. on April 4, 1968, riots erupted in many D.C. neighborhoods, including Shaw, Columbia Heights, and the H Street, NE corridor. The 1968 Washington, D.C. riots marked the beginning of a decline in population and development that condemned much of the inner city to a generation of economic decay. After the riots, Shaw was left without electricity and with burnt down buildings. Crime and fear increased. Succeeding the riots, Shaw civic leaders Walter Fauntroy and Watha T. Daniel led grassroots community renewal projects with the Model Inner City Community Organization (MICCO). MICCO used federal grant money to employ African American architects, engineers, and urban planners in inner-city Washington, D.C.
Shaw is a residential neighborhood dominated by 19th-century Victorian row houses. The architecture of these houses, Shaw's central location, and the stability of D.C.'s housing market have transformed the neighborhood through gentrification. Gentrification beginning in the late 1970s and early 1980s generated new discussions between the inhabitants of the Shaw neighborhood and the Dupont Circle Conservancy organization. Preservation advocates in the Dupont Circle neighborhood began to propose the expansion of the neighborhood. The advocates were members of the Dupont Circle Conservancy, an organization predominantly led by European-American people. As a response to this proposal, the 14th and U Street Coalition, which called itself the representative of black interests and historical identity in neighboring Shaw, began protesting that the Dupont Circle preservationists were trying to occupy their neighborhood and its history.
Gentrification in the 2010s transformed the neighborhood into an upscale retail hub. But the mix of upscale newcomers and very poor, long-time residents have been linked to social implications that vary from cultural to political within the community. In Shaw, wealthy newcomers and lower class, long-term residents have shown differences in tastes, preferences, and values. Gentrification has also brought about a greater spectrum of political views in Shaw. Because the population has become more diversified, an influx of differing views, ideas, and outlooks has become more prominent.
Infrastructure and landmarks
Public transportation
Shaw neighborhood is served by the Green and Yellow lines of the Washington Metro with stops at Shaw-Howard University Station, U Street Station and Mount Vernon Square Station. There is a bus service within Shaw, which has several routes that connects the area with the Waterfront and Silver Spring via 7th Street. Also, the G2 bus connects Georgetown University and Howard University. Freeway access allows cars to maneuver through the streets of Shaw. Transit Score Methodology, which is a patented measure of how well a location is served by public transit on a scale from 0 to 100, measures the Shaw neighborhood with a score of 80. A score of 80 concludes that Shaw has "excellent transit", meaning transit is convenient for most trips. The White House, via public transit, is on average 10 minutes away from Shaw. Reagan National Airport, via public transit, is on average 28 minutes away from Shaw. Dulles International Airport, via cab, is on average 40 minutes away from Shaw.
Cultural institutions
Shaw's neighborhood offers different cultural landmarks consisting of:
Howard Theatre, owned by Abe Lichtman, a white owner of theaters that catered to African Americans, it was billed the "largest color theater in the World" in the 1970s. After restoration, it still hosts artists and performers in today's entertainment industry.
Dunbar Theater, currently known as the Southern Aid Society, holds nearly 350 seats and was a popular venue for live entertainment, including many jazz and blues artists as well as movies. Originally opening in the 1920s, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1968, shortly after closing in 1960.
CityMarket at O (named " O Street Market" until 2008) is a Gothic Revival historic landmark, being one of the three public market buildings from the 19th century in DC; it won several awards for its design.
The Shiloh Baptist Church, originally located in Fredericksburg (VA), plays an active part in helping, spiritually and economically, the Shaw's community. President Barack Obama and their family attended its Easter Sunday mass in 2011.
The Watha T. Daniel/Shaw Neighborhood Library is a three-level library of which design was renovated in 2010 and received several awards for its excellence; it was also named as one of the top buildings of 2010 by The Wall Street Journal.
The Walter E. Washington Convention Center, whose north portion is located in Shaw, has 703,000 square feet of exhibition space. It has hosted several official events including some hosted by President Barack Obama. It is also famous for its eco-friendly features. From 2017 to 2024, the WEWCC will be hosting Otakon.
Parks and recreation
Shaw Park, Shaw Dog Park, Cardozo Recreation Center
Kennedy Recreation Center including a baseball field
Bundy Field, Bundy Dog Park
Demographics
Shaw has grown dramatically since the mid-to-late 20th century, with a 2010 population of 17,639. In 1950, the area's population had reached over 34,000 people, around double its current level. Like many neighborhoods throughout Washington, D.C., Shaw hit a population low point in the 1980s and 1990s, rebounding considerably at the turn of the 21st century. The lack of investment and limited power in the area created a barrier in the neighborhood's development and urbanization during the early 1800s. Further growth was hindered by increasing racial tensions as more African-Americans settled in the region; by the 1850s, Washington, D.C. had the largest African-American population of any city in the United States. The increasing costs of housing also decreased the availability of affordable housing, generating further racial tensions citywide and neighborhood segregation. One such neighborhood was Shaw, which continues to be populated by many African-Americans, but also Shaw is now experiencing an increase in prices. Newly constructed luxury apartment buildings include The Shay and Jefferson Marketplace. The current forecast for the price of housing expects a steady increase of about 2.5% over the few years, which could lead to further displacement among the black community and a phenomenon known as root shock. According to the latest census of the Logan Circle/Shaw area, majority (71%) of residents is single, college-educated (67%) and has a median income of $84,875.
The majority of residents in Shaw are between the ages of 22 and 39; they constitute 44.5% of the population. This is greater than the average District of Columbia percentage of 34.5% for this age group. Children between the ages of 0 to 17 make up 15.4% of the population. The percentages of genders within each age group is generally equal except for 85+ which has 94.4% female to only 5.6% male and 20-year-olds which is 84.9% female to 15.1% male.
Little Ethiopia, Washington, D.C.
Little Ethiopia, a Business and Cultural Community is a sub-division of the Shaw neighborhood of Washington, D.C., located around 9th and U Street Northwest. It is known for its concentration of Ethiopian businesses and residents.
Since the 1980s, Ethiopian-born business owners have been purchasing property in the neighborhood of Shaw, specifically Thirteenth and Ninth Streets. The area has since gained distinctive popularity in Washington even outside of the Ethiopian community. According to restaurant owner Tefera Zwedie: "I remember it was if I'm not mistaken somewhere between 2000, 2001 it was something big for us to see one non-Ethiopian coming to the restaurant. Now 95 percent of them are non-Ethiopian." The food has become a main attraction and reason for locals and tourists to commute to Shaw and experience the many local Ethiopian restaurants. This influx of Ethiopians has revitalized the area, prompting members of the Ethiopian American community to lobby the city government to officially designate the block as "Little Ethiopia". Although no legislation was proposed, Shaw residents have expressed opposition to the idea, concerned that such a designation would isolate that area from the historically African-American Shaw.
Education
District of Columbia Public Schools – operates public schools.
District of Columbia Public Library – operates the Watha T. Daniel/Shaw Community Library.
References
External links
Shaw Community Center
Shaw DC
Shaw Main Streets
Advisory Neighborhood Commission 2C
Cardozo-Shaw Neighborhood Association
Washington, D.C. Beyond the Monuments: U Street/Shaw
1860s establishments in Washington, D.C.
African-American history of Washington, D.C.
Ethiopian-American history
Neighborhoods in Northwest (Washington, D.C.)
Historic districts in Washington, D.C.
Ungku Omar Polytechnic (PUO; ) is a polytechnic situated at Jalan Dairy (Jalan Raja Musa Mahadi), Ipoh which was named after the Ungku Omar bin Ungku Ahmad. It was established by the Malaysian Ministry of Education with help from UNESCO in 1969. It also received RM24.5 million funding from the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). UNESCO was responsible for its construction. Ungku Omar Polytechnic is the first and the oldest polytechnic in Malaysia.
History
Ungku Omar Polytechnic was established in 1969 by the Malaysian Ministry of Education, aided by UNESCO. A total of RM24.5 million was allocated by the United Nation Development Programme (UNDP). UNESCO was assigned with the responsibility of planning and executing the polytechnic's construction on an area of 22.6 hectares at Dairy Road, Ipoh. The polytechnic was named after the late Dato' Professor Ungku Omar Ahmad, in recognition of their valuable contributions to the nation, especially in the field of medical research.
For the first batch of 300 students, lectures were held beginning from 2 June 1969. At that time, the academic workforce consisted of 28 local lecturers. During the early stages, PUO only had four academic departments, namely the Civil Engineering Department, Electrical Engineering Department, Mechanical Engineering Department and Commerce Department, which offered various academic programmes at diploma and certificate levels.
Departments
Civil Engineering
Civil Engineering (DKA)
Geomatic Engineering (DGU)
Architecture (DSB)
Electrical Engineering
Communication (DEP)
Computer Technology (DTK)
Mechanical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering (DKM)
Automotive (DAD)
Air-conditioning & Refrigerating (DPU)
Mechatronics (DEM)
Marine Engineering
Marine Engineering (DKP)
Commerce
Business Studies (DPM)
Financial and Banking (DKB)
Accountancy (DAT)
Retail management (DRM)
Islamic Banking and Finance (DIB)
General Studies
Islamic Studies
Moral Studies
English Language
Chinese Language
Japanese Language
Information & Communication Technology
Digital Technology (DDT)
Network System (DNS)
Information Security (DIS)
Mathematics, Science and Computer
References
External links
Official portal of Politeknik Ungku Omar
Universities and colleges in Perak
Engineering universities and colleges in Malaysia
Business schools in Malaysia
Information technology schools in Malaysia
1969 establishments in Malaysia
Educational institutions established in 1969
Polytechnics in Malaysia
Technical universities and colleges in Malaysia
Dream of Ding Village (, Ding zhuang meng) is a 2006 novel by the Chinese writer Yan Lianke. The 2011 English translation by Cindy Carter, published in the UK by Grove Press, was shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize.
It is a story based on the blood sales in rural Henan province that sparked a major AIDS crisis in China. After the first edition sold out, it was banned—no more copies can be printed in China. Yan Lianke has stated in interviews that the book could have been better if they had not been self-censoring themselves to ensure it could be published.
In 2011, a film adaptation of this novel named Love for Life was released in China, which is directed by Gu Changwei and stars Zhang Ziyi and Aaron Kwok.
Characters
Ding Qiang - young 12 year old boy. Qiang was poisoned and died in the very beginning of the novel. The entire story is narrated through their point of view.
Father (Ding Hui) - blood kingpin of Ding village. One of the few characters who did not contract HIV. Ding Hui becomes very successful, eventually assumes the position of Chairman of the County Task Force.
Uncle (Ding Liang) - Ding Hui's brother.
Grandpa (Ding Shuiyang) - Teacher and custodian at the local school.
Tingting - Uncle's wife and eventual ex-wife.
Lingling - wife of Ding Xiaoming (Uncle's cousin). Later Lingling divorces their husband and marries Ding Liang.
Zhao Xiuqin - main cook at the school.
Ding Yuejin and Jia Genzhu - residents who eventually take over the school and the official village seal.
Ma Xianglin - musician who performs for the village while they wait for the supposedly new HIV medication.
Li Sanren (ex-mayor).
Sister (Yinzi) - eventually moves out of Ding Village with their mother.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews stated that it was "A sorrowful but captivating novel about the price of progress in modern China."
Translation
See also
2006 in literature
Chinese literature
Plasma Economy
References
2006 Chinese novels
Novels about HIV/AIDS
HIV/AIDS in China
Novels by Yan Lianke
Novels set in Henan
This is a list of Xbox One games planned or released either at retail or via download. There are currently games on both parts of this list.
List of games from letter A to L
List of games from letter M to Z
See also
List of best-selling Xbox One video games
List of compatible titles from Xbox
List of backward-compatible games for Xbox One and Series X/S
List of Xbox One X enhanced games
List of Xbox One applications
List of Xbox Live games on Windows 10
Notes
Xbox One
Fortaleza de San Carlos de la Cabaña (Fort of Saint Charles), colloquially known as La Cabaña, is an 18th-century fortress complex, the third-largest in the Americas, located on the elevated eastern side of the harbor entrance in Havana, Cuba. The fort rises above the 200-foot (60 m) hilltop, along with Morro Castle. The fort is part of the Old Havana World Heritage Site which was created in 1982.
History
After the capture of Havana by British forces in 1762, an exchange was soon made to return Havana to the Spanish, the controlling colonial power of Cuba, in exchange for Florida. A key factor in the British capture of Havana turned out to be the overland vulnerability of El Morro. This realization and the fear of further attacks following British colonial conquests in the Seven Years War prompted the Spanish to build a new fortress to improve the overland defense of Havana; King Carlos III of Spain began the construction of La Cabaña in 1763. Replacing earlier and less extensive fortifications next to the 16th-century El Morro fortress, La Cabaña was the second-largest colonial military installation in the New World by the time it was completed in 1774 (after the St. Felipe de Barajas fortification at Cartagena, Colombia), at great expense to Spain.
Over the next two hundred years the fortress served as a base for both Spain and later independent Cuba – La Cabaña has been used as a prison by the government of Fidel Castro and their younger brother Raúl.
1959
In January 1959, the revolutionary group led by Fidel Castro seized La Cabaña; the defending Cuban Army unit offered no resistance and surrendered. Che Guevara used the fortress as a headquarters and military prison for several months. During their five-month tenure in that post (January 2 through June 12, 1959), Guevara oversaw the revolutionary tribunals and executions of people who had opposed the communist revolution, including former members of Buró de Represión de Actividades Comunistas, Batista's secret police. There were 176 executions by Che Guevara documented for La Cabaña Fortress
prison during Che's command (January 3 to November 26, 1959).
La Cabaña, land reform, and literacy
The first major political crisis arose over what to do with the captured Batista officials who had perpetrated the worst of the repression. During the rebellion against Batista's dictatorship, the general command of the rebel army, led by Fidel Castro, introduced into the territories under its control the 19th-century penal law commonly known as the Ley de la Sierra (Law of the Sierra). This law included the death penalty for serious crimes, whether perpetrated by the Batista regime or by supporters of the revolution. In 1959 the revolutionary government extended its application to the whole of the republic and to those it considered war criminals, captured and tried after the revolution. According to the Cuban Ministry of Justice, this latter extension was supported by the majority of the population, and followed the same procedure as those in the Nuremberg trials held by the Allies after World War II.
Revolutionary justice
To implement a portion of this plan, Castro named Guevara commander of the La Cabaña Fortress prison, for a five-month tenure (2 January through 12 June 1959). Guevara was charged by the new government with purging the Batista army and consolidating victory by exacting "revolutionary justice" against those regarded as traitors, chivatos (informants), or war criminals. As commander of La Cabaña, Guevara reviewed the appeals of those convicted during the revolutionary tribunal process.
Tribunals
The tribunals were conducted by 2–3 army officers, an assessor, and a respected local citizen. On some occasions the penalty delivered by the tribunal was death by firing-squad. Raúl Gómez Treto, senior legal advisor to the Cuban Ministry of Justice, has argued that the death penalty was justified in order to prevent citizens themselves from taking justice into their own hands, as had happened twenty years earlier in the anti-Machado rebellion. Biographers note that in January 1959 the Cuban public was in a "lynching mood", and point to a survey at the time showing 93% public approval for the tribunal process. Moreover, a 22 January 1959, Universal Newsreel broadcast in the United States and narrated by Ed Herlihy featured Fidel Castro asking an estimated one million Cubans whether they approved of the executions, and being met with a roaring "¡Si!" (yes). With as many as 20,000 Cubans estimated to have been killed at the hands of Batista's collaborators, and many of the accused war criminals sentenced to death accused of torture and physical atrocities, the newly-empowered government carried out executions, punctuated by cries from the crowds of "¡al paredón!" ([to the] wall!), which biographer Jorge Castañeda describes as "without respect for due process".
Executions
Although accounts vary, it is estimated that several hundred people were executed nationwide during this time, with Guevara's jurisdictional death total at La Cabaña ranging from 55 to 105. Conflicting views exist of Guevara's attitude towards the executions at La Cabaña. Some exiled opposition biographers report that they relished the rituals of the firing squad, and organized them with gusto, while others relate that Guevara pardoned as many prisoners as they could. All sides acknowledge that Guevara had become a "hardened" man who had no qualms about the death penalty or about summary and collective trials. If the only way to "defend the revolution was to execute its enemies, they would not be swayed by humanitarian or political arguments". In a 5 February 1959, letter to Luis Paredes López in Buenos Aires Guevara states unequivocally: "The executions by firing squads are not only a necessity for the people of Cuba, but also an imposition of the people."
Notes
References
Gallery
External links
Fortifications of Havana
Forts in Cuba
Spanish colonial fortifications in Cuba
Museums in Havana
Tourist attractions in Havana
Castle museums
Buildings and structures in Havana
Political repression in Cuba
Whitney Avalon is an American actor, writer, producer, singer, and rapper best known for creating the Princess Rap Battle series and other musical comedy on YouTube, where their channel has over 600 million views.
Variety listed them in their 2015 Comedy Impact Report, stating their work has "amassed over half a billion views" worldwide in a year. They were also named one of Cosmopolitan's "Internet's Most Fascinating" people in 2015.
Princess Rap Battles
The Princess Rap Battles series was created by Whitney Avalon and features fictional female characters facing off against each other in the form of a rap battle. Whitney Avalon appears in every episode as a major rap opponent.
They posted the first Princess Rap Battle "Snow White vs. Elsa" in September 2014. Since then, they have posted more rap battles on the channel, including "Galadriel vs. Leia", "Mrs. Claus vs. Mary Poppins", and "Cinderella vs. Belle" starring Sarah Michelle Gellar, who is a fan of the series. Subsequent episodes include "Maleficent vs. Daenerys" starring Yvonne Strahovski, "Katniss vs. Hermione" starring Molly Quinn, "Freya vs. Ravenna" and "Rapunzel & Flynn vs. Anna & Kristoff". Avalon then posted two Wonderland vs. Oz themed battles: "Dorothy vs. Alice" starring Emily Kinney, Ryan McCartan, Jason Rogel, and Joey Richter followed by "The Queen of Hearts vs. The Wicked Witch of the West" with Alyssa Preston, Ben Giroux and (like all the battles) Avalon herself. The most recent episode of the series featured Harley Quinn, Black Canary, and Huntress teaming up.
Avalon has created numerous parody music videos particularly of Disney releases and tv shows such as Rick and Morty and The Good Place
Appearance in other media
Avalon graduated summa cum laude from Brandeis University in 2003 with a B.A. in Theater Arts.  They are a working actor in television, theater, and commercials. In 2013, they played the mom in the controversial Cheerios commercial "Just Checking", featuring an interracial family. They have appeared in television series such as Speechless, Outlaw, The Big Bang Theory, Days of Our Lives, Monday Mornings, Girl Meets World, Love That Girl!, and Jane the Virgin. They played Mary Shelley in Edgar Allan Poe's Murder Mystery Dinner Party and was a series regular in Hyperlinked, a YouTube Premium series distributed by Disney.
References
External links
American actores
American YouTubers
American satirists
American women rappers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American female YouTubers
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American women musicians
Women satirists
Music YouTubers
Comedy YouTubers
Brandeis University alumni
Parody musicians
American contraltos
American mezzo-sopranos
Herman Sarkowsky (June 9, 1925 – November 2, 2014) was a Seattle, Washington, United States business person, philanthropist, thoroughbred breeder, and former sports executive. They were a co-founder of two Pacific Northwest sports franchises, the Portland Trail Blazers and the Seattle Seahawks.
Early life and education
Sarkowsky was born to a Jewish family in Gera, Thuringia, Germany, in 1925. In 1934, their family immigrated to New York City after Adolf Hitler came to power. In 1937, their family moved to Seattle, Washington. They served in the U.S. Army Signal Corps during World War II. A 1949 graduate of the University of Washington, they entered the home building and construction trade the following year.
Career
In the 1960s, Sarkowsky founded United Homes Corporation which became the largest homebuilding company in the Northwest. They developed the Key Tower (now Seattle Municipal Tower) in Seattle, and was a partner in the Frederick and Nelson department store chain. , Sarkowsky operates a private investment firm.  They are a Lifetime Board Member of the National Association of Home Builders, was a director of HLTH Corporation, and since its merger with WebMD sits on the board of that company (as of 2014).
Portland Trail Blazers
In 1970, an investment group consisting of Sarkowsky, Larry Weinberg of Beverly Hills, California, and Robert Schmertz of Lakewood, New Jersey paid US$3.7 million and was awarded an expansion NBA franchise in the city of Portland, Oregon. This team, soon to be named the Portland Trail Blazers, started play in November 1970. Sarkowsky was named president and managing partner of the team. Their stake increased two years later when they bought out Schmertz, when the latter purchased the Boston Celtics. They reduced their stake in the team the next year, and sold the remainder of their stake in the Trail Blazers to Weinberg, who became managing partner in 1975.
Seattle Seahawks
At the same time that Sarkowsky was owner of the Trail Blazers, they were also attempting to establish a football team in their adopted hometown of Seattle. In 1972, they and Ned Skinner formed an organization called Seattle Professional Football, which was created to bring an NFL franchise to the city. A franchise was awarded to the city in June 1974. After the NFL made known its ownership terms (any ownership group must include one entity with controlling interest in the team), Sarkowsky entered into a partnership with the Nordstrom family in which the Nordstroms would have a 51% stake. The NFL granted the Nordstrom/Sarkwosky consortium ownership of the new Seattle franchise, which would be christened the Seahawks, in December of that year. The Seahawks began play in 1976. Sarkowsky would sell their stake in the team in 1988.
Thoroughbred horse racing
Herman Sarkowsky bred and raced Thoroughbred horses. They got started in the sport in 1960 when they purchased a US$2000 claimer. They would later be an investor in Northwest Racing Associates, which would construct Emerald Downs, a racetrack in Auburn, Washington. Several horses they owned would have success in the Breeders' Cup, including Phone Chatter, which won the 1993 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies, and Mr. Greeley, which placed in the 1995 Sprint. , Sarkowsky owned 37 thoroughbreds, including 11 mares.
Philanthropy
Sarkowsky contributed to several philanthropic causes. They were a generous donor to the University of Washington, their alma mater, and sat on the board of the UW School of Medicine. They also served as a director of numerous charitable and cultural institutions, including the Seattle Foundation, the United Way, Seattle Repertory Theatre, the Seattle Symphony, and the Seattle Art Museum
Personal life and death
In 1951, Sarkowksky was married to Faye Mondschein; they had two children: Cathy Sarkowsky and Steve Sarkowsky. They died in November 2014 in Seattle at the age of 89.
References
2014 deaths
Seattle Seahawks owners
Portland Trail Blazers executives
Portland Trail Blazers owners
1925 births
University of Washington alumni
Jewish American sportspeople
American racehorse owners and breeders
Businesspeople from Seattle
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
National Basketball Association executives
National Basketball Association owners
American real estate businesspeople
20th-century American businesspeople
United States Army personnel of World War II
21st-century American Jews
Cyril Stanley "Bam" Bamberger, (4 May 1919 – 3 February 2008) was a Royal Air Force pilot who fought in the Battle of Britain, the defence of Malta and the Korean War.
Early life
Bamberger was born in Hyde, Cheshire, and educated locally. They left school in 1934, aged 14, and joined Lever Brothers as an electrical apprentice.
In 1936, Bamberger volunteered for the Auxiliary Air Force and was posted to the bomber squadron, No. 610 (County of Chester) Squadron AuxAF (Auxiliary Air Force), as a photographer. Bamberger was accepted for pilot training with the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve (RAFVR) in 1938 (Service No. 810024).
Second World War
Bamberger was called to full-time service on the outbreak of war, completed their training and rejoined their former squadron, now with Spitfires, at RAF Biggin Hill on 27 July 1940, as a sergeant pilot. Bamberger flew with No. 610 Squadron during the early air fighting over the Channel that followed the Dunkirk evacuation. The squadron suffered heavy casualties but Bamberger was credited with a "probable" Messerschmitt Bf 109 on 28 August in combat off the Kent coast.
When No. 610 Squadron was withdrawn to rest in mid-September 1940, Bamberger was posted to No. 41 Squadron RAF at Hornchurch and was soon back in action in the Battle of Britain. They were credited with their first confirmed combat victory, again a Bf 109, over Canterbury on 5 October.
With the Battle of Britain winding down, Bamberger volunteered for Malta. They flew Hurricanes with No. 261 Squadron RAF from Hal Far from late November 1940 and was credited with shooting down two Junkers Ju 87 aircraft over the Grand Harbour in January 1941.
Bamberger joined No. 93 Squadron RAF in 1942 and was deployed to Tunisia. They were commissioned pilot officer (No. 116515) on 9 February 1942 and promoted to flying officer on 1 October 1942. With the same squadron, they returned to Malta in 1943 and was credited with another kill, again a Junkers Ju 87 on 13 July, this time over Sicily.
Bamberger was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) which was gazetted on 28 September 1943.
Bamberger was promoted to flight lieutenant on 9 February 1944, returned to the UK in July 1944 and in November of the same year was awarded a Bar to their DFC.
Later RAF career
Bamberger was released from RAF service in 1946 and they returned to Lever before joining the management of a Guinness subsidiary.
When No. 610 Squadron RAF was reformed as a Royal Auxiliary Air Force unit, Bamberger rejoined it as a flight commander and was given the rank of flight lieutenant. In 1950 they became the squadron's Commanding Officer, having converted to Gloster Meteor aircraft. After the outbreak of the Korean War Bamberger accepted a permanent RAF commission, and for most of the duration of that conflict was an intelligence officer at the Air Ministry. They were promoted to squadron leader on 1 January 1957.
Bamberger later converted to flying helicopters and flew the Bristol Sycamore aircraft in Aden. They retired in 1959, after being awarded the Air Efficiency Award with clasp.
Business career and later life
After retiring from the RAF in 1959, Bamberger went into business, founding a packaging materials company. They later ran an antiques business. They remained active in RAF matters and was closely involved with the Bentley Priory Battle of Britain Trust, of which they were vice-chairperson.
Bamberger died on 3 February 2008, aged 88. They were survived by their wife Heather, whom they married in 1954, and by three sons and a daughter. It was Bam's granddaughter who presented the Duchess of Cornwall with a posy at the unveiling of the Battle of Britain Monument in London on 18 September 2005.
References
External links
Wartime photo of Bamberger
1919 births
2008 deaths
British military personnel of the Aden Emergency
Royal Air Force squadron leaders
The Few
Royal Air Force pilots of World War II
People from Hyde, Greater Manchester
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force personnel of the Korean War
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Military personnel from Cheshire
Stormquest, also known as El ojo de la tormenta (in Spanish: "The Eye of the Storm"), is a 1987 Argentine-American sword and sorcery fantasy adventure film directed by and written by Charles R. Saunders, based on a story Sessa created for the film. It was not released commercially in cinemas, and it was instead launched directly to the video market in the USA in 1988. It was one of the last entries in a total of ten movies Roger Corman made in Argentina.
Synopsis
In an ancient female-ruled society, two women come to believe that the treatment of men is wrong.
References
External links
1987 films
1980s Argentine films
Thomson Glacier () is a glacier about 8 nautical miles (15 km) long on Bryan Coast flowing between Rydberg and Wirth Peninsulas into Fladerer Bay. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Janet W. Thomson, British Antarctic Survey, head of the mapping operations from the 1980s to 2002, and member of the USA-UK cooperative project to compile Glaciological and Coastal-Change Maps of the Antarctic Peninsula.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Ellsworth Land
Edmonton is the capital city of the Canadian province Alberta.
Edmonton may also refer to:
Places
Australia
Edmonton, Queensland, a town and suburb in Cairns
Canada
Edmonton Metropolitan Region
Snelgrove, Ontario, previously known as Edmonton
Electoral districts
Edmonton (electoral district), Canadian federal riding between 1903 and 1914
Edmonton (N.W.T. electoral district), a Canadian riding in the Northwest Territories from 1883 to 1905
Edmonton (provincial electoral district), Alberta provincial electoral district from 1905–1909 and 1921–1955
Edmonton-Castle Downs, Alberta provincial electoral district
Edmonton Centre, Canadian federal electoral district
Edmonton-Ellerslie, Alberta provincial electoral district
Edmonton-Whitemud, Alberta provincial electoral district
England
Edmonton, Cornwall
Edmonton, London
Edmonton A Hundred, an ancient hundred in north Middlesex
Municipal Borough of Edmonton, a local government (1850–1965)
Edmonton (UK Parliament constituency), the Parliamentary constituency corresponding to Edmonton, London
United States
Edmonton, Kentucky, United States
Religion
Anglican Diocese of Edmonton, a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land of the Anglican Church of Canada
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Edmonton, a Roman Catholic archdiocese in the Province of Alberta
Sports
Edmonton Elks, formerly Edmonton Eskimos, a professional Canadian Football League (CFL) team based in Edmonton, Alberta
Edmonton Oil Kings, a major junior ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada that play in the Western Hockey League
Edmonton Oilers, a professional ice hockey team based in Edmonton, Alberta. They are members of the Pacific Division of the Western Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL)
Edmonton Rush, a professional lacrosse team in the National Lacrosse League (NLL) that played from 2006 NLL season to 2015, they now play in Saskatoon as the Saskatchewan Rush.
Edmonton International Raceway, a 1/4 mile paved oval auto racing facility
People
Dennis Edmonton (born 1943), former stage name of Canadian rock musician Mars Bonfire, writer of the hit song "Born to Be Wild" for Steppenwolf
Jerry Edmonton (1946 – 1993), Canadian rock musician and drummer for the rock band Steppenwolf
Other uses
96193 Edmonton, an asteroid
Edmonton Green railway station, a railway station
Edmonton tornado, a large tornado
HMCS Edmonton, a vessel of the Canadian Forces
West Edmonton Mall, a shopping mall in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
See also
Edmontosaurus, a dinosaur
is a private junior college in Imabari, Ehime, Japan. The predecessor of the school, founded in 1906, was chartered as a women's junior college in 1966. In 1987 it became coeducational.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1906
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ehime Prefecture
1906 establishments in Japan
Evert "Eddy" Koops (2 January 1885 – 10 November 1938) was a Dutch athlete. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. They were born and died in Arnhem.
In the 100 metres, Koops placed fourth of four in their first round heat resulting in their elimination from the competition. The next day, they did the same in their preliminary heat of the Men's 200 metres. In the 400 metre hurdles competition they were eliminated in the semi-finals. They also participated in the standing long jump event but their result is unknown.
They were also a member of the Dutch relay team which was eliminated in the first round of the medley contest.
References
Sources
Heere, A. and Kappenburg, B. (2000) 1870 – 2000, 130 jaar atletiek in Nederland. Groenevelt b.v.
Bijkerk, T. (2004) Olympisch Oranje. De Vrieseborch
1885 births
1938 deaths
Dutch male sprinters
Dutch male long jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Arnhem
"Sideline Ho" is a song by American singer Monica. It was written by Harvey Mason, Jr., Damon Thomas, Antonio Dixon, Eric Dawkins, Steve Russell, and Durrell "Tank" Babbs for their fourth studio album, The Makings of Me (2006). Production was helmed by Mason and Thomas under their production moniker The Underdogs, with Tank credited as co-producer of the song. "Sideline Ho" was released as the album's third single in the third quarter of 2006. It opened at number 77 on US Billboards Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart on early airplay alone, and achieved a peak of number 45 on that chart.
Although "Sideline Ho" had a successful debut on the R&B charts, J Records refused to agree on producing a music video for the song at first, and on January 19, 2007, a video clip of Monica asking fans to sign an online petition to help convince their record company to release a video for the single was leaked onto the internet. While several sources reported that the singer and their team "had started writing treatments for the 'Sideline Ho' video" by late February 2007, ideas for a video were eventually scrapped.
Background
"Sideline Ho" is one out of two songs on The Makings of Me Monica worked on with production team The Underdogs and singer-songwriter Tank at Doppler Studios in Atlanta, Georgia. The concept of the song came up while Monica was brainstorming ideas with several musicians and was inspired by an ex who cheated on them with a video model. Speaking of how the song came about, Monica stated in an interview with Billboard in August 2008, that the record was about "me being in a relationship years ago and somebody just disrespected to the fullest." During the process, they told Tank about a situation where an ex of theirs "blatantly, openly cheated – as if people didn't know who their girlfriend was! And just the sound of their name would make my flesh crawl. So they were like, 'Well what did you call her?' I said, 'She has no name. They have no importance [...] I always referred to them as the 'sideline ho,' because they were too comfortable with their position." While Monica remarked that they "never would've thought they would come back in the room, like 'that's the title of the song', they went on to "give them play by play details", which they had previously documented in a self-written poem and "that really stood out in my mind and they created a song around it."
Critical reception
"Sideline Ho" garnered positive reviews from music critics. People magazine called the song a "bittersweet ballad, on which Monica puts the other woman precisely in their place", while Rap-Up magazine noted that "though they may be as laid back as ever on this track, Monica really digs their nails into girls' weaves." Blog network Blogcritics declared "Sideline Ho" a "blistering song where Monica takes the other woman in their man's life to task", and added: "This song is a bit rougher than what we're used to hearing from Monica but they somehow keep themselves from crossing the line between angry and over the top." Prefix magazine writer Norman Mayers noted that the track "combines their bitchy attitude and ghetto persona with bass-heavy mid- to slow-tempo grooves to joyous effect," while Ryan Dombal of Entertainment Weekly wrote that it "scores with tough-talking venom." In their album review for Vibe, Laura Checkoway ranked the song among the best on The Makings of Me along with "Hell No (Leave Home)" and "Gotta Move On".
Release and performance
On July 25, 2006, AOL Music was the first entertainment website to preview a full version of the song. By July 26, 2006, the entire track had leaked onto the internet. A more up-tempo remix of "Sidelino Ho," co-produced by Greg Street and Carl Moe, later appeared on the singer's 2007 mixtape Monica: Made; and though a few sources confirmed that a more radio-friendly version called "Sideline Chick" had also been recorded, a so-called "Squeaky Clean version" was finally included on the song's limited CD single, released on February 5, 2007, in the United States. Upon its release, the singer described the song as both their "actual favorite" on the album and one of their "most personal records ever" yet.
The single was not officially released to U.S. radio until mid-February 2007, but appeared a few weeks early on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, opening up at number 77 due to early airplay in the week of January 22, 2007. After weeks of minor to moderate radio support the song eventually reached number 45 on particular chart, only slightly surpassing the peak position of previous single, "A Dozen Roses (You Remind Me)."
Track listings
CD single
"Sideline Ho" (Album Version) – 3:47
"Sideline Ho" (Squeaky Clean Version) – 3:47
"Sideline Ho" (Instrumental) – 3:44
"Sideline Ho" (Call Out Hook) – 0:10
"Sideline Ho" (Squeaky Clean Version Call Out Hook) – 0:10
Promotional CD single
"Sideline Ho" (Album Version) – 3:47
"Sideline Ho" (Radio Version) – 3:52
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Makings of Me.
Production – The Underdogs
Co–Production – Tank
Recording – Dabling "Hobby Boy" Howard
Recording assistant – Aaron Renner
Mixing – The Underdogs
Instrumentation – The Underdogs, Tank
Charts
Release history
References
External links
www.monica.com – official website
2006 songs
2006 singles
Monica (singer) songs
Song recordings produced by the Underdogs (production team)
J Records singles
Songs written by Harvey Mason Jr.
Songs written by Damon Thomas (record producer)
Songs written by Antonio Dixon (songwriter)
Songs written by Eric Dawkins
Songs about infidelity
Contemporary R&B ballads
2000s ballads
Swallow is an album by bassist Steve Swallow released on the Xtra Watt label in 1992.
Reception
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars and the review by Michael G. Nastos states: "All nine cuts were written by this premier electric bass guitarist and performed by a sextet with guests".
Track listing
All compositions by Steve Swallow.
"Belles" - 3:59
"Soca Symphony" - 8:02
"Slender Thread" - 5:45
"Thrills and Spills" - 4:07
"William and Mary" - 5:49
"Doin' It Slow" - 7:30 Bonus track on CD
"Thirty Five" - 5:48
"Ballroom" - 5:13
"Playing with Water" - 4:21
Personnel
Steve Swallow - bass guitar
Steve Kuhn - piano
Carla Bley - organ
Karen Mantler - synthesizer, harmonica
Hiram Bullock, John Scofield - guitar
Gary Burton vibraphone
Robby Ameen - drums
Don Alias - percussion
References
Steve Swallow albums
1992 albums
Ayteke Bi (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Komsomol. Population:
Geography
Ayke lake is located in the district at the Kazakhstan–Russia border.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Staroye Azmeyevo () is a rural locality (a selo) in Diyashevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 343 as of 2010. There are 3 streets.
Geography
Staroye Azmeyevo is located 26 km west of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novoye Azmeyevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Hjalmar Hjorth Boyesen (23 September 1848 – 4 October 1895) was a Norwegian-American author and college professor.  They are best remembered for their novel Gunnar: A Tale of Norse Life, which is generally considered to have been the first novel by a Norwegian immigrant in America.
Biography
They were born at the Norwegian naval base Fredriksvern, near the village of Stavern in Vestfold County, Norway. Boyesen grew up in Fredriksvern, then in Kongsberg, and, from 1854, at Systrand in Sogn. From 1860, they went to Drammen Latin School, and, after their final exams, they took another exam at the university in 1868. Boyesen was well-schooled in both German and Scandinavian literature, graduating from the University of Leipzig and the University of Oslo.
Career
Boyesen migrated to the United States during 1869 and initially became assistant editor of Fremad, a Norwegian language weekly published in Chicago. The multi-lingual Boyesen subsequently taught Greek and Latin classes at Urbana University. Boyesen was a professor of North European Languages at Cornell University from 1874 to 1880. Boyesen became a professor of Germanic languages at Columbia University in 1881. Their scholarly works included Goethe and Schiller, Essays on German Literature, A Commentary on the Works of Henrik Ibsen and Essays on Scandinavian Literature.
Through their public lectures, Boyesen won a reputation as an excellent lecturer. They were a prolific writer, and, over 20 years, they published 25 books including novels, short stories, poems, and literary criticism. They also published short stories, essays, and book reviews in periodicals. Boyesen is more commonly known for their works of popular fiction. Their most successful books have remained those based upon Norwegian culture and habits. They wrote many books of fiction for adults and children and some poetry. .
Selected bibliography
Gunnar: A Tale of Norse Life (1874)
A Norseman's Pilgrimage (1875)
Falconberg (1879)
Goethe and Schiller (1879)
Ilka on the Hill Top (1881)
A Daughter of the Philistines (1883)
Alpine Roses (1884) (play)
A Daring Fiction (1884)
Mikkel (1884)
Vagabond Tales (1889)
Against Heavy Old (1890)
The Mammon of Unrighteousness (1891)
Idyls of Norway and Other Poems (1892)
Boyhood in Norway: stories of boy-life in the Land of the Midnight Sun (1892)
Essays on German Literature (1892)
The Social Strugglers (1893)
A Commentary on the Works of Henrik Ibsen (1894)
Against heavy odds: a tale of Norse heroism, and a fearless trio (1894)
Norse Tales (1894)
Essays on Scandinavian Literature (1895)
References
Further reading
Glasrud, Clarence A. (1963). Hjalmar Hjorth Boyesen (Northfield: Norwegian-American Historical Association)
Fredrickson, Robert S. (1980). Hjalmar Hjorth Boyesen (Boston: Twayne Publishers)
Seyersted, Per (1984). From Norwegian Romantic to American Realist: Studies in Life and Writings of Hjalmar Hjorth Boyesen (Oslo: Solum: Publications of the American Institute, University of Oslo)
Eckstein, Neil Truman (1990). Marginal Man As Novelist: The Norwegian-American Writers H.H Boyesen and O.E. Rolvaag (Taylor & Francis)
External links
“NAHA. Promise of America – Hjalmar Hjorth Boyesen”
1848 births
1895 deaths
Leipzig University alumni
University of Oslo alumni
Cornell University faculty
Columbia University faculty
19th-century American novelists
People from Larvik
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
American male novelists
19th-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
The women's Super Heavyweight (over 70 kg/154 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the heaviest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving just five fighters from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
Due to the low levels of contestants, unsuitable for an eight-person tournament, three women had byes through to the semi finals. Poland's Paulina Biec won the gold medal defeating Serbian Olivera Milanovic in the final by unanimous decision. Defeated semi finalists Aigul Kozhagaliyeva from Kazakhstan and Benita Muller from South Africa won bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The CMLL Universal Championship 2009 (Campeonato Universal in Spanish) was a professional wrestling annual tournament produced by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) that took place over three CMLL Super Viernes shows between June 5, 2009 and June 19, 2009 in Arena México, Mexico City, Mexico. The CMLL Universal Championship is an annual tournament of CMLL Champions that was first held in 2009. All officially recognized male CMLL Champions participated in a 15-match single elimination tournament. In the final CMLL World Heavyweight Champion Último Guerrero defeated NWA World Light Heavyweight Champion El Texano Jr. to become the first CMLL Universal Champion.
Background
The tournament featured 15 professional wrestling matches under single elimination rules, which means that wrestlers were eliminated when they lose a match. There were no specific storylines that build to the tournament, rather it was a replacement for CMLL's annual Leyenda de Plata that CMLL last held in 2008. All male "non-regional" CMLL Champions at the time of the tournament were involved in the tournament with the exception of the reigning CMLL World Mini-Estrella and Mexican National Lightweight Champions. CMLL promoted championships such as the regional CMLL Arena Coliseo Tag Team Championship or the Occidente championships promoted in Guadalajara, Jalisco were not included in the tournament, only titles that have been defended in CMLL's main venue Arena Mexico were included. The tournament was divided into two qualifying blocks, which took place on the June 5, 2009 Super Viernes and the June 12, 2009 Super Viernes while the finals was the main event of the June 19, 2009 Super Viernes.
2009 Universal Championship tournament
Block A
Block A competed on the June 5, 2009 Super Viernes with the winner advancing to the finals on June 19, 2009. Champions in the first round were.
Block A
Block B
Block B competed on the June 12, 2009 Super Viernes with the winner advancing to the finals on June 19, 2009. Champions in the first round were.
Block B
Finals
The finals were contested under "best two out of three falls" rules and was the main event of the June 19, 2009 Super Viernes show. Último Guerrero defeated El Texano Jr. two falls to one to become the first ever Universal Champion.
Aftermath
Like its predecessor the Leyenda de Plata tournament, the Universal Championship tournament trophy (in this case an actual championship belt) was not defended in the following year.
References
2009 in professional wrestling
CMLL Universal Championship
Robert Bolling (August 17, 1738 – July 21, 1775) was a poet, planter and politician from the English colony of Virginia. A great-grandson of Robert Bolling (1646–1709), they were born in Virginia and sent to England for their education. On their return to Virginia, they studied law, but soon took over at Chellowe, a tobacco plantation in Buckingham County, Virginia inherited from their father.
Though they published at least 35 poems in English periodicals during their lifetime, more poetry than any other colonist at the time, most of their works remained in manuscript, and remain unpublished. Their papers are now owned by the University of Virginia Library and the Henry E. Huntington Library. Their book A Memoir of a Portion of the Bolling Family in England and Virginia was published posthumously, in 1868; it was originally written in French and translated by a descendant of their brother.
Bolling was a member of the House of Burgesses. They died in July 1775, possibly of a heart attack, in Richmond while attending the third Virginia Convention.
The cantata Virginiana by composer Gregory Spears, for vocal quartet and Baroque ensemble, is based on texts written by Bolling during their failed courtship of their cousin Anne Miller in 1760. It was completed in 2015.
Notes
References
J.A. Leo Lemay, ed. Robert Bolling Woos Anne Miller: Love and Courtship in Colonial Virginia, 1760 (University Press of Virginia, 1990).
(included in) American Poetry: The Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centuries, ed. David Shields (New York: Library of America, 2007)
"Robert Bolling 1738–1785: A Short Life in the Pursuit of Happiness," in The Human Tradition in Colonial America, ed. Nancy L. Rhoden and Ian K. Steele (Wilmington, DE: Scholarly Resources, 1998).
External links
Bolling, Robert at Encyclopedia Virginia
1738 births
1775 deaths
American people of English descent
American planters
Bolling family of Virginia
House of Burgesses members
People from Buckingham County, Virginia
Poets from Virginia
18th-century American poets
18th-century American male writers
American male poets
18th-century American politicians
Louis IV de Bueil, Comte de Sancerre (died c. 1565) was the Count of Sancerre from 1537 until their death. Great cup-bearer of the king of France, Knight of the Order of King, Count of Sancerre (1537-1563), governor of Anjou, Touraine and Maine . They commanded the French defenders during the Siege of St. Dizier (1544). They fought at Battle of Marignano, Battle of Pavia, Battle of St. Quentin (1557) .
Counts of Sancerre
Military leaders of the Italian Wars
Perevalov (, from перевал meaning mountain pass) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Perevalova. Notable people with the surname include:
Mikhail Perevalov (1930–1995), Soviet football player
Russian-language surnames
Thompson Spur () is a large, rugged mountain spur that descends eastward from Daniels Range between the Swanson Glacier and Edwards Glacier, in the Usarp Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for David H. Thompson, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) biologist at Hallett Station, 1965–66 and 1967–68.
See also
Fruitcake Bluff
Ridges of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Mountain spurs
Two Thousand is the third studio album by the rock band French Kicks. It was released in 2006.
Track listing
"So Far We Are" – 3:44
"Also Ran" – 4:15
"Cloche" – 4:26
"Knee High" – 4:55
"Keep It Amazed" – 5:19
"No Mean Time" – 3:50
"Basement: D.C." – 4:22
"England Just Will Not Let You Recover" – 4:34
"Hey I Wait I" – 3:11
"Go On" – 3:16
References
External links
French Kicks official website
French Kicks albums
2006 albums
Vagrant Records albums
Albums produced by Doug Boehm
Ward No. 138, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 15, covering parts of Metiabruz (Panchpara-Kashyappara-Jabarhat) in Garden Reach neighbourhood in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
The establishment and evolution of Kolkata Municipal Corporation followed a long process starting from around the middle of the 19th century. The Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 and certain steps taken thereafter saw the addition of peripheral areas in the eastern and southern parts of the city to the corporation area. In 1888, there were 75 commissioners, 50 of whom were elected, 15 appointed by the government and 10 nominated from bodies like Chambers of Commerce, Trades Associations and the Port Commissioners. The Calcutta Municipal Act of 1923 brought about important changes. The adjacent municipalities of Cossipore, Chitpore, Manicktola and Garden Reach, as well as the New Dock Extension area, were amalgamated with Kolkata. Garden Reach was later taken out.
Post-independence developments saw the introduction of adult franchise in municipal elections in 1962. The number of wards increased from 75 to 100. Tollygunge was merged with Kolkata in 1953. The Calcutta Municipal Corporation Act 1980, which came into effect in 1984, extended the boundaries of Kolkata by including South Suburban, Garden Reach and Jadavpur municipalities in Kolkata. With the addition of Joka to Kolkata, the number of wards rose to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 138 is bordered on the north by Garden Reach Road and Dr. Abdul Kabir Road; on the east by Murray Road, Halderpara Lane and Halderpara Road; on the south by S.A.Farooquie Road; and on the west by the railway siding is in the west.
The ward was served by Metiabruz police station of West Bengal Police till government established few new police station and now served by Rajabagan Police Station under Dc Port of Kolkata Police.
Watgunge Women police station, located at 16, Watgunge Street, Kolkata-700023, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Port Division, i.e. North Port, South Port, Watgunge, West Port, Garden Reach, Ekbalpur, Nadial, Rajabagan and Metiabruz.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Ward No. 138, Kolkata Municipal Corporation, had a total population of 28,858, of which 15,581 (54%) were males and 13,277 (46%) were females. Population below 6 years was 3,575. The total number of literates in Ward No. 138 was 19,890 (78.67% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Metiaburuz (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Virgil's Tomb is the title of at least three paintings completed by Joseph Wright of Derby between 1779 and 1785.
Description
The subject of these paintings is a fruit of Wright's Italian tour undertaken in 1773–1775. These three depict the ruined structure near Naples that was traditionally identified as the tomb of the Latin epic poet Virgil. The earliest of the three, dated to 1779, includes the figure of Silius Italicus, a slightly later poet known to have been an admirer of Virgil.
Silius Italicus owned the tomb and its surroundings and organized pilgrimages for other admirers of the poet.
In total, Wright used the subject in seven paintings. They sent one of the paintings to poet William Hayley who returned the favour by writing Ode to Mr Wright of Derby.
Unlike Wright's paintings of candlelit scenes, the views of Virgil's tomb are "flooded with oppressive lunar light". They reflect from a stage of Wright's artistic development when "he held a delicate balance between what actually was there, and what they liked to construct out of what was there" .
Provenance
One of the paintings was given to William Hayley who gave it to the artist Amelia Opie. When they died it went to Thomas Brightwall. Another of the paintings was reputedly in the possession of Rev. Thomas Gisborne whom Wright visited in their estate near Needwood Forest. This painting was owned by the Barton Blount estates in 1968 and by 1981 it was sold by Miss Ward to Derby Museum and Art Gallery for £12,000. The picture with Silius Italicus in Derby Museum is, according to Benedict Nicolson, not necessarily by Wright.
Bibliography
Benedict Nicolson, Joseph Wright of Derby: painter of light (1968) vol. 1 pp. 83–85 and passim
References
Paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby
1770s paintings
1780s paintings
Collections of Derby Museum and Art Gallery
Moon in art
Virgil
Paintings in Northern Ireland
Hassane Alla (born 24 November 1980) is a Moroccan footballer who most recently played as a midfielder for French side US Boulogne.
Alla has represented the Morocco national football team 6 times.
References
External links
lfp.fr
sport24.com
1980 births
Living people
People from Oujda
Association football midfielders
Moroccan footballers
Morocco international footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
MC Oujda players
Le Havre AC players
Stade Lavallois players
US Boulogne players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
2004 African Cup of Nations players
Expatriate footballers in France
Frangela is a Los Angeles-based comedy duo composed of comedians Frances Callier and Angela V. Shelton, both of The Second City. Callier and Shelton regularly appeared on the VH1 weekly comedy news review Best Week Ever, the NPR radio show Day to Day and the Fox News late night show Red Eye w/Greg Gutfeld. They had their own show on KTLK called The Week According to Frangela, which aired live on Saturdays from 5:00 PM to 7:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. The comedy duo also appeared in the 2009 movie He's Just Not That Into You. Angela Shelton has voiced in Spider-Man 2 and Ultimate Spider-Man, Superman, and Reservoir Dogs video games, while Frances Callier played Roxy on the show Hannah Montana. In 2010, KTLK announced that they would be discontinuing The Week According to Frangela in favor of other local programming. The duo then moved the show to a self-distributed podcast recorded live Saturday nights at The Second City Training Center in Hollywood, CA. On August 20, 2010, the duo recorded their final installment of the show. In February 2009, Frangela had a one-week tryout for a show on "Green 360" KKGN in San Francisco in the 4 pm-7 pm PST slot, but it was not picked up as a regular show. On September 10, 2018, the comedy duo announced the release of their debut comedy album RESIST! out October 19, 2018, on Kill Rock Stars. In 2019, the comedy duo competed in the reality television competition series Bring the Funny.
Podcast
In the fall of 2011, Frangela began the "Idiot of the Week" podcast. For the podcast, Frangela recorded an audio and video podcast of their popular "Idiot of the Week" segment, in which fans sent in news stories about people whose own lack of common sense usually brought them into conflict with the law. At the end of the week, they chose from at least three candidates, one of whom becomes the titular subject. Each episode of "Idiot of the Week" lasted approximately 10 minutes to a half hour. The last new segment of the "Idiot of the Week" podcast was in January 2014.
On February 16, 2017, Frangela debuted a new podcast "The Final Word". This hour-long podcast includes commentary on political and current events, as well as the "Idiot of the Week" segment they had done previously, which is also available as a separate podcast.
The Stephanie Miller Show
From March 12–14, 2008, they were brought in at the last minute to fill in on the Stephanie Miller Show after Elayne Boosler had stated they no longer wished to fill in on the show. Stephanie Miller and their "mooks" were on vacation for the entire week (March 10–14, 2008), but with a great deal of breaking news happening in the week, it was felt that live shows would be needed. During this time, the Eliot Spitzer prostitution scandal was in the news and Geraldine Ferraro resigned from the Hillary Clinton Presidential campaign because of their remarks on the candidacy of Barack Obama. Audience response to Frangela was so popular that the duo occasionally appeared during the Friday show's third hour in the segment, "Fridays with Frangela." They then became the designated "regular fill-in hosts" for the Stephanie Miller Show and in that capacity, they hosted the show from Monday, June 30, 2008 through Friday, July 4, 2008 while Stephanie Miller, Jim Ward and Chris Lavoie were on vacation. They also hosted the show from Monday, September 8, 2008 through Friday, September 15, 2008, filling in during another vacation week for the cast of the show, as Stephanie and their co-hosts had just broadcast live on location from both political conventions the two weeks prior. They co-hosted with Chris Lavoie on a few other occasions when Stephanie could not appear, and filled in during late December 2008/early January 2009 while the cast was off for the holidays.
After several years away from the show, Frangela returned in October 2014 as a featured guest on Miller's uncensored Happy Hour podcast, following it several weeks later with an all-new "Fridays with Frangela" segment that is now a regular part of the 3rd hour on Friday's on The Stephanie Miller Show. They are also once again the regular fill-in hosts when Miller is on vacation. Frangela are also part of Miller's live comedy "Sexy Liberal" tour that has appeared to acclaim across the United States.
I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!
Beginning on June 1, 2009, Frangela became contestants on the NBC reality show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here!.
On day four of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here! Shelton was the first to be evicted from the camp.
On day eight, four days after Shelton was evicted from camp, Callier announced to the camp that they would be leaving I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here! to join their friend back in Los Angeles.
Other work
Shelton and Callier performed together in the July 2012 edition of Don't Tell My Mother!, a monthly showcase in which actors, authors, screenwriters and comedians share true stories they would never want their mothers to know.
On September 10, 2018, the duo began hosting a new syndicated talk show called Me Time With Frangela that is seen on television stations owned by Raycom Media.
In 2019, the comedy duo competed in the reality television competition series Bring the Funny.
References
External links
Frangela official website
African-American female comedians
American women comedians
American comedy duos
Bring the Funny contestants
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American women
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
Gianluca Gorini (born 18 October 1970) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in the 1995 Tour de France.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Italian male cyclists
People from Gorizia
Cyclists from Friuli Venezia Giulia
The Nokia 2.3 is a Nokia-branded low-end smartphone launched in December 2019 running the Android operating system
Design
The Nokia 2.3 is 183 g and 8.7 mm thin. It has a dewdrop notch and thin bezels with a chin at the bottom with the Nokia logo. It does not have a fingerprint sensor however it does have Nokia face unlock. The Nokia 2.3, like x.2 series of Nokia phones, has a dedicated Google Assistant button on the left of the phone which can be pressed to quickly activate the Google Assistant or held and released for the Google Assistant to start and stop listening. The phone can be bought in 3 colours, Cyan Green, Sand & Charcoal. It charges via a microUSB port on the bottom and it has a headphone jack located at the top.
Cameras
It has two cameras on the back of the phone, a 13 MP main sensor and a 2 MP depth sensor. On the front there is a single 5MP sensor. Its rear cameras have a dedicated night mode to take better pictures in low-light conditions. It films at 1080p 30 fps and supports auto HDR when taking photos which can also manually be turned on and off.
Reception
Android Police criticized the Nokia 2.3 for still using a microUSB port over USB C, however praised the extra camera on the back. They say "The 2.3 hones in on that streamlining, enlarges a couple of aspects, but mostly retains much of the kit from the last go around."
Trusted Reviews say the most impressive part of the 2.3 is its two-day battery life. They also say the phone being part of the Android One program is a stand-out feature.
References
Mobile phones introduced in 2019
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
2.3
Yingshanosaurus (meaning "Yingshan or Golden Hills reptile") is a genus of stegosaurian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic, around 155 million years ago. It was a herbivore that lived in what is now China. The type species is Yingshanosaurus jichuanensis.
Discovery and naming
In 1983, a stegosaurian skeleton was excavated in Sichuan by a team led by Wan Jihou. In 1984, the find was reported by Zhou Shiwu. In 1985, Zhou used the name Yingshanosaurus jichuanensis during a paleontological congress in Toulouse. Though their lecture was published in 1986, it was assumed that the name remained a nomen nudum due to an insufficient description. In 1994 however, Zhu Songlin fully described the animal. This fact escaped most Western researchers who considered the taxon invalid until well into the twenty-first century. The generic name is derived from the county of Yingshan. The specific name refers to the location of the site, Sichuan.
The holotype, CV OO722, was found in a layer of the late Upper Shaximiao Formation, probably dating from the early Kimmeridgian. It consists of a partial skeleton including a fragmentary skull, of an adult individual. It contains a number of individual dorsal vertebrae, a series of dorsal vertebrae found in articulation with the sacrum and pelvis, seven tail vertebrae, ribs, seven chevrons, a left scapulocoracoid, a left humerus, a left radius, a left second metacarpal, a left thighbone, a left shinbone, a left fibula, metacarpals, a phalanx, several backplates and a left shoulder spine. The main lacking parts are the neck and the tail end. The skull bones found are so fragmentary that they provide little relevant information. A 2006 paper by Susannah Maidment states that the only fossil specimen could not be located.
Description
Like all stegosaurians, Yingshanosaurus was an herbivorous dinosaur. It was about four to five metres long. The thighbone has a length of 675 millimetres, the shinbone of forty-six centimetres. The humerus is forty centimetres long. Four vertebrae of the sacrum (S2-S5) were solidly fused to the ilia of the pelvis, the spaces between the sacral ribs being almost closed, reduced to oval depressions pierced from below by small openings, no more than a centimetre in cross-section. The neural arches are of medium height. The neural spines of the dorsal vertebrae are plate-like in side view and have a transversely expanded top.
Yingshanosaurus had a pair of about eighty centimetres long wing-like spines on its shoulders, similar in shape and relative size to those of Gigantspinosaurus. The shoulder spine has a large flat trapezoidal base; after a sudden kink, a more narrow straight shaft, flat but with a protruding ridge on the outer side, projects to behind from the lower base edge. The bony plates on its back were rather small and relatively low, triangular or fin-shaped. The largest plates, about fifteen centimetres high and with a base length of twenty centimetres, are similar in profile to those of Hesperosaurus, though of a more reduced relative size. They were not "splates", i.e. featuring a thickened middle section, but almost uniformly flat, with a rough and veined surface.
Phylogeny
Zhu placed Yingshanosaurus, within the Stegosauridae, in the Stegosaurinae.
See also
Timeline of stegosaur research
References
External links
"Yingshanosaurus" at the Natural History Museum
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Asia
Stegosaurs
Fossil taxa described in 1994
Paleontology in Sichuan
Ornithischian genera
Kristin Umland is an American mathematician and mathematics educator. They were on the faculty of the Department of Mathematics & Statistics at University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, New Mexico for nearly two decades before leaving to help build the nonprofit organization Illustrative Mathematics (IM).
Education and career
Umland did undergraduate studies at the University of California at Santa Cruz in Santa Cruz, California. In 1996, they were awarded a Ph.D. in mathematics by the University of Illinois at Chicago. Them dissertation, entitled "The Mod-2 Cohomology of the Lyons Group", was supervised by Stephen D. Smith
In 1996, Umland began teaching in the Department of Mathematics & Statistics at the University of New Mexico (UNM). They joined the tenure stream faculty in 2002 and was later promoted to associate professor. At New Mexico, Umland taught a wide variety of mathematics courses, ranging from intermediate algebra to measure theory, as well as courses in mathematics education. They supervised 3 doctoral dissertations and several master's dissertations. After being invited to visit the Vermont Mathematics Initiative by Dr. Ken Gross, Umland was set out to improve K–12 teaching and learning.
At UNM, Umland built on their Vermont Mathematics Initiative experience to improve children's learning and achievement. They were programed director of La Meta, which was a partnership between the university, Central New Mexico Community College and five New Mexico public school districts. After initially offering mid-grade teachers of mathematics a chance to earn mathematics credit, beginning in 2007, mathematics educators, mathematicians, mentors, and content coaches from the partnership visiting mid-grade classrooms.
Umland worked on an National Science Foundation-funded project to evaluate the impact of Math Teachers' Circles on teachers of middle school mathematics. The circles bring together mathematicians and K–12 mathematics teachers. They and their collaborators reported on the effectiveness of these circles, as well as their history, in the Notices of the American Mathematical Society.
Umland left UNM in 2016 to work full time as vice president for content development at Illustrative Mathematics (IM), a nonprofit company they co-founded with William McCallum to develop and deliver mathematics content for K-12 teachers. They became chief product officer in July 2019. In June of 2020, Umland was appointed as president of IM.
Recognition
In 2017, the American Mathematical Society (AMS) recognized Umland with the AMS Award for Impact on the Teaching and Learning of Mathematics. The AMS cited Umland's work to support the "national K–12 mathematics community in the transition to the Common Core State Standards in Mathematics (CCSS-M)". Umland and IM co-founder William McCallum, together with a community of mathematicians, mathematics educators and teachers developed an open, online resource to assist teachers learn about the core standards and their progression. The award citation reports that "since 2012, illustrativemathematics.org has had over four million visitors viewing tasks over fourteen million times".
In 2018, the Association for Women in Mathematics (AWM) honored Umland with Louise Hay Award "in recognition of their leadership and contributions advancing large-scale improvement in mathematics education. The Louise Hay Awards for Contributions to Mathematics Education were initiated by the AWM in 1991.
Selected publications
References
External links
Illustrative Mathematics
Living people
University of Illinois Chicago alumni
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
American women mathematicians
20th-century women mathematicians
21st-century women mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Mathematics educators
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Gabriola dyari, or Dyar's looper, is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Taylor in 1904. It is found from the Alaskan panhandle and British Columbia to California. The habitat consists of coniferous forests.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The forewings are brownish gray with black speckling and lines. The hindwings are uniformly brownish gray except for a dark thin terminal line. There is one generation per year with adults on wing from June to October in California.
The larvae feed on the foliage of various coniferous trees, including Tsuga heterophylla, Tsuga mertensiana, Pseudotsuga, Thuja plicata, Abies amabilis, Abies grandis, Abies lasiocarpa and Picea engelmannii. They have a rusty brown to gray body with white dorsal patches and a light tan head with reddish-brown mottling. They reach a length of up to 20 mm. When at rest, the larva resembles a bird dropping. Larvae can be found from May to July. The species overwinters as an egg. Pupation takes place in a cocoon on a twig in August.
References
Moths described in 1904
Nacophorini
The Dodge City Civic Center is a 2,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Dodge City, Kansas. It was home to the Dodge City Legend basketball team. The arena has all spectator seating on one side as a stage for community theatre is located on the other side. When Dodge City High School played home basketball games there, the student section was situated on the stage.
Dodge City Community College also plays its home men's and women's basketball games there. The Civic Center is also home to the annual mid-season basketball tournaments (boys and girls) for the Southern Plains Iroquois Athletic Association (high school, commonly known by its acronym, SPIAA). It also often hosts a Kansas Class 1A regional or sub-state basketball tournament in late February or early March.
Indoor arenas in Kansas
Basketball venues in Kansas
Buildings and structures in Dodge City, Kansas
FC Salyut Saratov () is a Russian football team from Saratov. It played professionally from 1994 to 2001. Their best result was 14th place in Zone Privolzhye of the Russian Second Division in 1999.
External links
Team history at KLISF
Association football clubs established in 1965
Football clubs in Russia
Sport in Saratov
1965 establishments in Russia
Saugeen–Maitland Hall is a co-ed students' residence at the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario, Canada. It is currently home to 1250 students and is the largest student residence on campus.
Saugeen–Maitland Hall is actually a combination of two residences which are built upon the same foundation and share the same entry floor. The building is divided at the upper elevator lobbies with Saugeen on the east side and Maitland on the west side. The residence has a cafeteria and snack bar, a large main floor lounge with a home theatre system and projection screen, an exercise room, four academic cafes, and music practice rooms. The residence is sub-divided into units, each consisting of three floors. Maitland has three units and Saugeen has nine. Most floors have 16 double rooms and four single rooms. The most recent renovation completed in 2016 included the dining hall at a cost of $3.4 Million.
The name
Saugeen is an Ojibwa word meaning "inlet." It is in reference to the Saugeen River in Bruce County which flows into Lake Huron and was once an important shipping barge route. Maitland is also the name of a river in Ontario flowing into Lake Huron near the town of Goderich. It was named for Sir Peregrine Maitland, a Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada.
The residence is most often known simply as "Saugeen", and until a few years ago, it was frequently called "The Zoo". While touring the residence while still under construction, Dr. T.B. Ong, the first residence proctor, commented that they "couldn't help thinking of the sectioned cages used for experimental animal specimens." Given the atmosphere of the early days, the name evolved naturally, and "The Zoo" first appeared in print as early as 1971, in the first yearbook.
History
The beginning
Due to increased enrolment in the 1960s, UWO was facing a housing crunch. To alleviate this, a new housing complex for single and married students was planned on the west side of Western Road near Medway Creek. Estimated to cost $12 million, the complex included the nearby apartment buildings of Bayfield, Beaver and Ausable Halls. Together with Saugeen-Maitland, the complex was named the Glenmore Residences.
Delayed a year due to a construction strike, Saugeen–Maitland Hall opened in 1969 as the first co-ed residence on campus. For the first two years, the living quarters of the men and women were separate; the men were in the Saugeen portion of the building and the women were in the Maitland portion, with locked doors between the two sections. Yet this was the closest proximity that men and women were allowed to live in the history of Western.
The new residence wasn't a big hit with the first residents. The bare, white concrete walls and bolted-down furniture gave the residence an antiseptic, institutionalized feel. The staff were told to expect an average of three suicides a year, based on an American survey of suicides in high rise buildings. The "animal" image was established by the Saugeen residents in the first year: much vandalism occurred, including broken elevators and phones torn off the walls. By Christmas, many students had moved out in large numbers. Many women didn't want to live in Maitland, as there were rumours of stabbings, rapes and police raids. Several reasons were given for the problems: the large number (900 men, 300 women) of the residents, and the high ratio (80%) of first-year students.
Saugeen goes co-ed
In 1971, the university decided to merge the two separate residences into one, and allow men and women to live on alternating single-sex floors. The number of women was increased to 500, correspondingly decreasing the men to 700. More upper-year students were also brought in.
In 1975, the co-ed experiment continued further, with one unit of upper-year students given the opportunity to turn completely co-ed, with alternating rooms of men and women. Five years later in 1981, the trial was expanded to six units. This setup was declared a success in reducing damages and other incidents, as it "helped make the males more conscientious and mature," according to Marty Benson, Residence Council President. The co-ed trend continued until the male-female ratio was 50-50, and most floors in the building were mixed gender.
Fire: real and false
Early in the morning of January 12, 1984 the residents of Saugeen received their biggest scare in the history of the building. A male student was playing with toilet paper and matches in room 212 when they soon lost control. The contents of the room were totally incinerated, and the rest of the floor was severely damaged. Six students were sent to hospital, including the man responsible, who had burns on their feet.
A sophisticated fire alarm system was installed before the 1984-85 school year. The system proved to be overly sensitive, and over 50 false alarms happened throughout the year.
This was followed years later by another major incident. In January 1991 a massive fire broke out in underground electrical wiring, between Saugeen and the other Glenmore residences. Twelve fire trucks responded, and 2,000 residents were evacuated. The fire knocked out power in many buildings on campus, including the residences, which also disabled the backup power and even the fire alarms. Nobody was hurt in the incident.
This was followed by a rash of false alarms during the Christmas exam period in 1992. Five false alarms in one weekend caused students to wait out in the cold for more than two hours in the early morning, sending one resident to hospital with frostbite on their fingers and toes. The administration remedied this problem in 1994 by spending $850,000 on a new alarm system more resistant to malicious triggering.
Suppression of "The Zoo"
In an effort to fight the party animal image that had taken hold of Saugeen, and by extension Western, the administration began to crack down in 1989 on the use of the word "Zoo" being related in any way to the residence. The yearbook, newsletter, and tuck shop were all renamed to more "appropriate" names. In response, upper-year and former residents took it upon themselves to keep the Zoo name alive by distributing flyers with the message "Zoo... pass it on" and "Zoo" graffiti appeared on campus.
Another method of rebellion took the form of an unsanctioned group called the Zoo Crew. When printed, the name was usually spelled with the Greek letters ΖΘΘ (zeta theta theta), in an effort to avoid the ban on "Zoo", which also gave the group a fraternity-like appearance. The Zoo Crew was made up of former and current members of the residence, but was never officially associated with Saugeen. The group would organize pub crawls, and would sell a package including drink tickets, shot glasses and clothing with the words "Zoo Crew" on it. Even though a representative from the Zoo Crew argued Western's administration should not be upset about these pub crawls because they were not residents of Saugeen, this loosely run organization eventually dissolved as well.
During the 1998-1999 school year, the student council was asked to change the name of the Saugeen yearbook from The Jungle Book to something more appropriate, which did not refer even remotely to the Zoo. Western's administration feared the Zoo image would negatively impact enrolment and was the stated reason for the change. The students refused and released the yearbook with the same title. A heavy presence of photos deemed inappropriate resulted in the council being dissolved, many of the council members deemed responsible were denied re-admission to the residence the following year, and the residents' council was dissolved. The 1999 school year started without any residents' council to plan events or sit on the University Students' Council, and the number of Sophs were reduced to just 36 - one for each floor.
The Saugeen stripper
The University of Western Ontario has been selected among the Top 10 party schools in North America by Playboy magazine.
To some degree, Saugeen is responsible for UWO's reputation as a "party school", an image university officials have been trying to change for years. This has not been helped by events in October 2005, when an 18-year-old student performed a striptease in one of the dorm's rooms at a birthday party, with digital photographs of the party uploaded to the Internet. According to UWO sources, they were a willing participant and was aware that photographs were being taken.
The incident briefly attracted widespread media attention and was the subject of articles by a number of Canadian media outlets, including the Toronto Star, The London Free Press, National Post and the local London A-Channel News. Eventually it was picked up by the United States media outlets, including the Drudge Report. The television news magazine Inside Edition also pursued the story by interviewing students, but in several cases the students declined. However, the story and the associated photographs made headway on the Internet, with dozens of blogs and other Web sites.
The media attention sparked discussion about the role of the In loco parentis doctrine and whether institutions of higher learning have a responsibility to control what happens in their residences. In this case, all participants were willing and the activities were not explicitly forbidden in student housing rules and regulations.
Staff and volunteers
Dr. Cameron Henry, a professor of philosophy, was the first Warden of all men's residences on campus and Dr. T.B. Ong, a medical doctor from Indonesia, was the Proctor of Saugeen, with a female Proctor for the Maitland section of the building. Dr. Henry had an office at Saugeen, while Dr. Ong and the female Proctor both had offices and apartments in the residence complex.
One of the original administrative secretaries at Saugeen–Maitland Hall was the popular Darlene Wells who worked at the residence from 1969 to 1974 and then from 1976 until they retired on July 1, 1994. Darlene Wells died on April 26, 2011, at University Hospital in London.
Helping to keep order in the building were student "Dons" who oversaw a unit (three floors), along with three "House Seniors," all of which were provided rooms and received some nominal compensation for their efforts. All Dons and House Seniors reported to their respective Proctors. During the late 2010's, House Seniors are known as RAs or Residence Advisors. RAs can be found on the upper and lower floors, while Dons still occupy the middle floors. This has since been revised to consist of Dons on each respective floor.
Sophs are other upper-year students who live in the residence. While they do not carry any authority within the residence, they are important volunteers during Orientation Week and throughout the year. They are given nicknames for Orientation Week and the students on the floor generally refer to their soph by the soph name rather than the real name for the rest of the year.
The majority of residences at Western have used student staff on Weekends (Thursday, Friday and Saturday) to provide guest registration. This policy is put in place in order insure the safety of the residents.
Mascot
Saugeen Maitland Hall's official mascot is a stuffed chicken named Duke.
In the summer of 1986, the Residents' Council executive obtained a live chicken to stuff and serve as the official residence mascot for frosh week and beyond. In 2021, Duke was destroyed.
Media
Yearbook
First published in 1971, the yearbook first made its appearance simply named Saugeen-Maitland Yearbook. As The Zoo nickname caught on, the publication was renamed The Zoo Revue. During the 1990-1991 school year, the yearbook's title changed from The Jungle Book as a result of the crackdown on the Zoo name. Today the yearbook is once again called The Saugeen-Maitland Hall Yearbook.
Newspaper
The Saugeen Rumour is an in-residence newspaper which is published on a bi-monthly basis. It features the lives of Saugeen residents and their experiences at UWO. The Rumour covers all aspects of student living and attempts to keep the residents connected to the outside world by informing them of worldly events and news, as well as campus and London events.
Like the yearbook, the newspaper has undergone many name changes. When started in 1982, it was originally called Zoo-ology, then Animal Trax and later shortened to Trax when Western officials began cracking down on the use of the word "Zoo" to describe Saugeen.
Anthem
Saugeen–Maitland Hall has had many songs written about it, but the most prominent is the song "Saugeen One Time" written and performed by Brad Harries. The song was written in 2005 and recorded in the building. Harries died in 2006 in a car crash, cementing the song as a bittersweet ode to Western's residence experience.
Notable residents
Duncan Coutts, musician for Our Lady Peace
Scott Russell, CBC Commentator, ''Hockey Night in Canada
Mike Turner, musician for Our Lady Peace
References and notes
External links
University of Western Ontario homepage
Saugeen Maitland Hall Home Page
University Students' Council
Saugeen-Maitland Hall, UWO Housing
Obituary of Darlene Wells, Saugeen's long time administrative secretary
University of Western Ontario
University residences in Canada
Buildings and structures in London, Ontario
Industrial hip hop is a fusion genre of industrial music and hip hop.
History
1980s
The origins of industrial hip hop are in the work of Mark Stewart, Bill Laswell, and Adrian Sherwood. In 1985, former The Pop Group singer Mark Stewart released As the Veneer of Democracy Starts to Fade, an application of the cut-up style of industrial music, with the house band of Sugar Hill Records (Doug Wimbish, Keith Leblanc, and Skip McDonald). In 1986, The Beatnigs were formed in San Francisco. As a collaboration between Michael Franti, Rono Tse and Kevin Carnes, The Beatnigs combined hardcore punk, industrial and hip hop influences, described as "a kind of avant-garde industrial jazz poets collective". The band's stage performance included the use of power tools such as a rotary saw on a metal bar to create industrial noise and pyrotechnics. In the late 1980s, Laswell's Material project began to take increasing influence from hip hop. Adrian Sherwood was a major figure in British dub, as well as working with industrial groups such as Cabaret Voltaire, Einstürzende Neubauten, Ministry, KMFDM, and Nine-Inch Nails.
Tackhead, a collaboration between Sherwood and the Sugar Hill band, picked up where Mark Stewart left off. The Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy and Consolidated from San Francisco, MC 900 Ft. Jesus from Texas and Meat Beat Manifesto from the UK are also early representatives of the style. The industrial group 23 Skidoo, Miles Davis's album On the Corner, and the Nine Inch Nails single "Down in It" are also important precedents for the style.
1990s
Industrial hip hop was carried forward by figures from a diverse number of scenes. Young Black Teenagers featured an industrial-influenced sound on their 1991 self-titled debut album, provided by the Bomb Squad, Public Enemy's production team. Perhaps the most unlikely adopters were Justin Broadrick and Mick Harris, previously known for their invention of the grindcore style of extreme metal, while in Napalm Death. After participating in the jazzcore group Pain Killer with Bill Laswell, Harris's Scorn project delved into dark ambient and industrial hip hop. Subsequently, Broadrick began to work with Kevin Martin, previously of God (also a jazzcore group). The later work of Broadrick's Godflesh, as well as their collaborations with Martin, Ice, Techno Animal, and Curse of the Golden Vampire, are prime examples of industrial hip hop. The last of these was also a collaboration with Alec Empire, from Berlin, who also participated in the style in a number of their albums.
The German label Mille Plateaux developed the sound throughout their series of Electric Ladyland compilations. Ice and Techno Animal also collaborated at times with El-P and other representatives of the Def Jux label. DJ Spooky's illbient style is closely related to these developments in industrial hip hop; Mutamassik takes influence from both, and from breakcore.
Industrial rock band Acumen Nation adopts hip hop influences, as does the band's side project DJ? Acucrack. A few other industrial bands that combine hip hop elements in their music are Rabbit Junk, The Mad Capsule Markets, and The Shizit, who are industrial metal and digital hardcore bands. Atari Teenage Riot have also been known to incorporate hip hop elements in some of their songs, with Carl Crack developing a distinctive MC style. In the electro-industrial/industrial metal genre there is Steril, notable for combining hip hop beats, dj scratches, and rap verses with industrial elements. The Kompressor, often uses vocal distortion in the style of many Aggrotech artists. The industrial super group The Damage Manual is known to regularly incorporate hip hop with their music, in beats and MCing. Corporate Avenger the rap metal/industrial metal band, often does industrial hip hop in their music. Stromkern combine hip hop beats with EBM-style synths and vocals. Rap rock groups Senser and Clawfinger are often grouped as industrial hip hop, due to their use of electronica with aggressive rap metal. Other acts of note would be Nettwerk Records' Consolidated, and P.O.W.E.R, as well as the Swamp Terrorists, SMP aka Sounds of Mass Production, Non-Aggression Pact, and Noisebox.
Croatian-American rapper Marz emerged from Chicago's industrial metal scene, working as an engineer on Ministry's Filth Pig (1996) and playing guitar on Dark Side of the Spoon (1999). They later pursued their own project, which featured Ministry acolytes Rey Washam and Louis Svitek.
While Broadrick chose to devote their attentions primarily to post-metal, Martin continued to apply industrial hip hop to dancehall and grime with The Bug. Jace Clayton, a Brooklyn native who expatriated to Barcelona and records under the names DJ /rupture and Nettle, is also devoted to the style, as well as to breakcore. Filastine, a former member of ¡Tchkung! who records for Clayton's Soot label, also practices a politicized variety of industrial hip hop. The French label Cavage eventually devoted itself to the style, along with the Toulouse-based group les Trolls.
Present day
Antipop Consortium, Death Grips, Moodie Black, clipping., Moor Mother and Dälek are successful examples of contemporary industrial hip hop, as are Blades Of Hades, Ho99o9, NAH, and Saul Williams. Kanye West's Yeezus album has been described as blending industrial music with hip hop.
Related genres
Industrial hip hop is connected to (and sometimes confused with) the more experimental variants of trip hop. It also anticipates many of the developments of dubstep. Illbient is also adjacent to, and possibly a subgenre of, industrial hip hop. Contemporary industrial hip hop is also closely connected to digital hardcore and breakcore.
References
Sources
Reynolds, Simon (1999). Generation Ecstasy: Into the World of Techno and Rave Culture. Routledge.
Hip hop genres
Hip hop
Electronic music genres
Murugan Adimai () is a 1977 Indian Tamil-language Hindu devotional film film with R. Muthuraman, A. V. M. Rajan, K. R. Vijaya, Nagesh, Major Sundarrajan and Thengai Srinivasan in lead roles. The film was directed by R. Thyagarajan and produced by Dhandayuthapani Films. Music was by K.V Mahadevan and lyrics were by Kannadasan.
Plot
The movie starts with K.R Vijaya being the daughter of a rich man, Major Sundarrajan and being a ardent devotee to the extent of being a slave (hence the title) to Lord Muruga. They come across a thief, R. Muthuraman who, also like her, is a muruga's slave and steals to help the poor devotees of Muruga. They take that Muruga has sent them to marry them to fulfill their wish of marrying a murugan slave. Them father disapproves but they go ahead with it anyway.
The lead an impoverished living after they reform and hunts for work. At once instance, they are entrusted by their boss to deliver some cash. On the way, they see that the Muruga temple of the village that needs renovation in bad shape. The person in-charge tries to kill themselves having failed in their attempt to complete the same. They give the cash they have to save the temple and their life. The boss however accuse them of thievery and sends them to jail. KR Vijaya prays to Muruga. Muruga, along with their father, Shiva comes to the boss's house and repays the amount setting them free. At the same time, driver of their father comes and hands over the family property to them as their father is no more. With the money, the couple completes the temple and runs a business successfully.
One day, a group of foreigners, faking themselves of Muruga devotees come to steal the gold statue the couple has and prays to everyday in their home. KR Vijaya sees this in their dream and also sees that they met with an accident. The foreigners reform upon their near death incident. The couple narrates the story of couple of devotees to highlight the grace of the god. After a few days, they become pregnant. Lord Muruga comes in their dream again and asks them what child they want. They say they want a child who is intelligent and handsome like Muruga. They ask whether there is nothing else they want in the child for which they say no. Muruga blesses as they requested albeit they will live only for 8 years and disappears.
They refuse to divulge the same to their husband. They have a son (Karan) who everyone praises as the most handsome as well as most intelligent child they have ever seen. However, as the child grows, their fear too does. At one time, when their 8th birthday is nearing, they tell their husband about the dream and their son too hears it. The son runs off seeking the feet of Lord Muruga to save himself. They too do the same. At one point, they decide to kill themselves as they do not want to exist as proof that Lord Muruga has failed a devotee.
They faint as does the kid. Lord Muruga appears and stops Yama who comes to claim their life. They imprison yama who refuses to acquiesce to Muruga's demand of sparing the child. Shiva & Parvathi, Vishnu and Brahma appear. They try to convince Muruga but Muruga provides counterargument where they went out of the way for their devotees like Markandeya , Prahalada , Abhirama Bhattar. Finally, they take Viswaroopa saying they are ready for war if that is what they want. They calm them down and tell them that all this argument was for them to see Muruga's viswaroopa. Yama spares the kid's life. When Parvathi asks Muruga why not give the child a long lifespan directly, Muruga says they did not ask for their child to be their devotee and their grace should never be taken for granted. However, once the kid became their devotee by upbringing, they automatically came under their protection.
Cast
R. Muthuraman as Thief who reforms after marrying KR Vijaya
K. R. Vijaya as Valliyammai
Jaya as Goddess Parvathi, Shiva's wife
S. A. Ashokan as Yama
Major Sundararajan as Rich Man, a K.R Vijaya's dad
A. V. M. Rajan as Lord Shiva
Thengai Srinivasan as Driver
Nagesh as Driver's brother-in-law
Rohini Raghuvaran as young Muruga
Master Sridhar as adult Muruga
Karan credited as Master Raghu as son of KR Vijaya and Muthuraman
References
External links
1977 films
Films directed by R. Thyagarajan
Hindu devotional films
Goby Lake is a marine lake located on Koror island in Palau. There are about 70 other marine lakes located throughout the Rock Islands and Koror. Goby Lake is notable for endemic subspecies of golden jellyfish and is one of five marine lakes in Palau used for several scientific researches in evolutionary biology the other lakes being Jellyfish Lake, Clear Lake (Palau), Uet era Ngermeuangel, Uet era Ongael.
Golden jellyfish
Clear Lake is connected to the ocean through fissures and tunnels in the limestone of ancient Miocene reef. However the lake is sufficiently isolated and the conditions are different enough that the diversity of species in the lake is greatly reduced from the nearby lagoon. The golden jellyfish Mastigias cf. papua nakamurai and possibly other species in the lake have evolved to be substantially different from their close relatives living in the nearby lagoons. The lake is rich with several species of fish, including goby, giving to lake its name.
Lake stratification
The deepest - north-eastern - part of Goby Lake is stratified into two layers, an oxygenated upper layer (mixolimnion) and a lower anoxic layer (monimolimnion). The oxygen concentration in the lake declines from about 6 mg/L at the surface to zero at 10 meters (at the chemocline). Stratification is persistent and seasonal mixing does not occur. The lake is one of about 200 saline meromictic lakes that have been identified in the world. However most of these lakes are of freshwater origin. Permanently stratified marine lakes are unusual, but in Palau there are eleven other permanently stratified marine lakes, the most renowned one is Jellyfish Lake.
Notes
Lakes of Palau
Meromictic lakes
Koror
Saline lakes of Oceania
Myagkov ( from мягкий meaning soft) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Myagkova. It may refer to
Andrey Myagkov (1938–2021), Russian film and theater actor
Viktor Myagkov (born 1985), Russian football player
Russian-language surnames
Steve Jenkner (born 31 May 1976 in Lichtenstein) is a German former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. They had their best year in 2002 when they finished the year in fifth place in the 125cc world championship.
Career
125cc World Championship (1996-2003)
Aprilia (1996-1999)
Jenkner made their Grand Prix motorcycle racing debut as a wild card in their home Grand Prix in Germany, failing to finish the race and be classified.
Their first full season came in 1997, riding an Aprilia. Jenkner scored points in six races, most notably a 7th place in Brno, finishing with a total of 20 points in the season, and 19th in the standings.
In 1998, Jenkner would again be riding an Aprilia, and improved a bit from prior season. They finished in the points nine times, four times inside the top-10, with a 7th place at Le Castellet, an 8th place at Sachsenring, a 9th place at Assen, and a 10th place in Madrid. They finished 17th in the rider's championship, with 45 points.
In their final season with Aprilia, Jenkner finished the 1999 season with nine point-scoring finishes, a 10th place in Asutralia, an 8th place in France, two 7th places in Brno and Imola, and a career best finish of 5th in Valencia, ending their season 15th in the rider's championship, with 52 points.
ADAC Sachsen Honda (2000)
Making small steps forward, Jenkner would improve again in the 2000 season, having eleven point-scoring finishes, seven top-tens, including a 6th place in South Africa, and a 4th place in Mugello. They finished the year 12th in the overall standings, with 74 points.
Team UGT 3000 Aprilia (2001-2002)
Returning to Aprilia for the 2001 season, Jenkner would finally taste the champagne on the podium, finishing 3rd in Assen, and Brno as well, ending a successful campaign in 11th overall, with 94 points.
Staying with the UGT 3000 Abruzzo Aprilia team for the 2002 season, Jenkner would have the best year of their career yet, finishing on the podium five times, all five being 3rd places, at Jerez, Barcelona, the Sachsenring, Estoril, and Motegi. They finished the season 5th in the rider's championship, with 168 points.
Exalt Cycle Red Devil (2003)
Jenkner started the 2003 season like a dream, a 3rd place in Suzuka, a 3rd place in Phakisa, and a 2nd place in Jerez, meant three consecutive podiums, and a chance at the title. They retired in Mugello, and finished in 4th in Barcelona, before finally achieving their maiden 125cc victory in the 2003 Dutch TT, in Assen. However, following their victory, Jenkner retired from four consecutive races, ending their title hopes. They finished off the season well, with a 3rd place in Australia, and a 2nd place in Valencia, but the six retirements were too many, and they finished the year 6th in the rider's championship, with 151 points.
Rauch Bravo Aprilia (2004)
Partnering Marco Simoncelli in 2004, this would be Jenkner's final season in the 125cc category. In the second race of the season in Jerez, they would finish second, and in the fourth race of the season in Mugello, they would achieve their first pole position, but finished the race in 7th only. They were a solid points finisher, but did not have another podium, finishing the year 8th in the standings, with 122 points.
250cc World Championship
Graduating to the intermediate category for the final season of Jenkner's career, they would race with Nocable.it Races Aprilia team, and struggle with the bigger bikes. They failed to score a single point in the first 8 races of the season, eventually finding a rhythm late on in the season, with six straight points finishes in Germany, Czechia, Japan, Malaysia, Qatar, and Australia. Their 12th place in Japan was their best of the year, ultimately finishing their professional racing career 23rd in the standings, with 13 points.
References
1976 births
Living people
People from Zwickau (district)
People from Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt
German motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Saxony
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
The Brabham BT32 was an open-wheel racing car, that competed in the USAC Championship Car racing, between 1970 and 1972 USAC Championships. In that time, it was driven by Jack Brabham, Bud Tingelstad, Johnny Rutherford, LeeRoy Yarbrough, and Swede Savage. It's best result in qualification was third-place (Johnny Rutherford at Phoenix in 1972), and its best race result was an 7th-place finish, being driven by Bud Tingelstad at the prestigious 1971 Indianapolis 500. It was powered by an Offenhauser turbocharged four-cylinder engine, developing between .
References
Indianapolis 500
American Championship racing cars
Open wheel racing cars
Brabham racing cars
Tripidium bengalense, synonym Saccharum bengalense, with the common names munj sweetcane, baruwa sugarcane or baruwa grass, is a plant of the genus Tripidium native to Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, northern India, Nepal, Bangladesh and Myanmar.
A primary native distribution area is northeastern India, particularly in Assam within the Terai-Duar grasslands in the foothills of the Himalayas.
Description
This is a small species of sugarcane bamboo grass, growing in height. The plant is colored pinkish-green.
It is a food source for animals such as the Indian rhinoceros and the pygmy hog.
Uses
The species is used as a raw material for thatching roofs. It is used for making baskets. Its fibre is used for making ropes. Itis one of the ecologically successful native colonizer of abandoned mines. It forms pure patches on rocky habitats with skeletal soils. It forms extensive root network that binds the soil/pebbles and forms tall thick clumps with high biomass tufts. It is used by low income locals for making ropes, hand fans, baskets, brooms, mat, hut and shields for crop protection.
It is a choice species for stabilizing erosion-prone rugged slopes and their conversion into biologically productive sites of high socio-economic values.
References
Panicoideae
Grasses of India
Flora of Afghanistan
Flora of Iran
Flora of Pakistan
Soma (drink)
Plants described in 1789
Normolipoproteinemic xanthomatosis is a cutaneous condition characterized by a xanthoma in the presence of normal cholesterol and lipoprotein levels.
See also
Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
Verruciform xanthoma
Skin lesion
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
Daniel Webster Davis (March 25, 1862October 25, 1913) was an American educator, minister, and poet. They taught and ministered in Richmond, Virginia, and became a popular author and speaker, going on several speaking tours around the United States and Canada. They also published two volumes of poetry that have received mixed critical assessment; some scholars have criticized them for perpetrating stereotypes of African Americans while others have argued that they were as radical as they could have been in their era.
Biography
Daniel Webster Davis was born in Caroline County, Virginia, or Hanover County, Virginia, on March 25, 1862, to Randall or John Davis and Charlotte Ann (Christian Davis), who were both enslaved. Davis generally went by Webster. They moved to Richmond, Virginia, while the American Civil War was ongoing or shortly after its end, with their mother. By this point, their father had died. Davis was educated in the Richmond public school system and eventually earned a high school degree from the Richmond High and Normal School, graduating with honors when they were sixteen in June 1878. They worked odd jobs for several years after graduation. The history professor John T. Kneebone writes that while Davis later said they had degrees from Guadalupe College (AM and DD), these were "probably honorary". They were involved in the foundation of the Garrison Lyceum, a literary society.
Davis began teaching in Virginia in 1879, at the Navy Hill School in Richmond, and continued to teach for over thirty years to their death. After four years they began teaching at the Baker Street School. Davis also spent some of their summers teaching and attending courses aimed at teachers. They also taught summer school in West Virginia and the Carolinas at times. In 1887 they were involved in the foundation of the Virginia State Teachers' Reading Circle, which Kneebone describes as "the first organization of African American educators in Virginia" and notes was one of several organizations that evolved into the Virginia Teachers Association.
They married Elizabeth Eloise Smith, a teacher at Baker Street, on September 8, 1893; the couple had six children, three of whom survived into adulthood. Around the time of their marriage, Davis entered the Lynchburg Baptist Seminary. On October 4, 1896, or in 1895, they were ordained as a Baptist minister and was pastor at the Second Baptist Church in South Richmond from July 1896 until their death, overseeing a growth in membership; according to a profile in The Virginia Magazine the congregation grew from thirty-two to five hundred while Davis was there. They also became a popular speaker around Virginia, and also spoke around the United States and even in Canada. In July 1900 Davis spoke at a Chautauqua assembly in Laurel Park, Massachusetts. That year they toured portions of the Northeastern United States and two years later gave a lecture series at the Hampton Summer Normal Institute.
Davis was also active in several other capacities in Richmond, including working with the Virginia Building, Loan and Trust Company, and Negro Development and Exposition Company, as vice president of both, on the governing board of Richmond's Society for Better Housing and Living, and several other organizations.
Literary career
Davis edited The Young Men's Friend, a publication of the YMCA in Virginia, as early as 1891, and around that time edited the weekly Social Drifts. On October 21, 1895, Davis read a poem at the Atlanta Cotton States Exposition in the Negro pavilion. They contributed to publications including The Voice of the Negro.
Davis published two volumes of poetry, Idle Moments, Containing Emancipation and Other Poems (1895), and 'Weh Down Souf and Other Poems (1897). Their first volume included 37 poems; the second was 21 republished and 21 new poems. Davis sought to attract the same readers that had given Paul Laurence Dunbar success around the same era with 'Weh Down Souf; its cover was drawn by William Ludwell Sheppard. In 1918 they published The Industrial History of the Negro Race of the United States with Giles B. Jackson. In 1910 they published a biography of William Washington Browne, Life and Public Services of Rev. Wm. Washington Browne.
Death and legacy
Davis had fallen ill by 1910 andthough they went to Hot Springs, Arkansas, in hope of reliefhe died on October 25, 1913, of chronic nephritis. Schools in Richmond teaching Black students closed for their funeral. The Richmond Planet described them as "one of the most prominent and influential colored men the South had ever produced."
Three schools in Virginia were named after Davis.
Critical assessment
Popular in their day, Davis saw wide publication of their work, particularly in African-American publications. The two dialect poems included in John Edward Bruce's Anthology of Negro Poetry were both written by Davis.
Davis's work, particularly their second volume of poetry, has been criticized as subscribing and perpetrating many stereotypes of African Americans. The anthology The Book of American Negro Poetry included two of their poems. Around two-thirds of their poems were written in African-American Vernacular English and a profile by the scholar Jean Wagner noted that it was hard to tell whether they were "completely sincere or [...] set out to win easy popularity from an audience whose demands were slight." It went on to describe them as the most conformist contemporary African-American poet and as writing with "scarcely any other concern than to flatter the white majority." Sterling Brown deemed them "the Negro Thomas Nelson Page." Their work, both in publications and speeches, has been described as similar to Booker T. Washington's in adopting a "conciliatory" attitude to race relations. Dickson D. Bruce Jr. in 1992 described them as "the poet of accommodation."
However, some of their writing has been compared to that of W. E. B. Du Bois with a "mixed moderate-militant ideology". They often advocated for racial pride and rights. Their profile in The Virginia Magazine argues that they were "as race proud and militant as a public utterance by a southern black man could be" in their era. Some of Davis's poems argued that white Americans would eventually be forced to pay for subjugating Black people and some of their speeches advocate in favor of Black voting rights and recognizing the progress of Black people in America.
References
Bibliography
1862 births
1913 deaths
African-American poets
Educators from Virginia
Erigeron pulcherrimus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name basin fleabane. The species grows in the western United States in the eastern part of the Intermountain Region west of the Rocky Mountains. It has been found in Wyoming, Colorado, Utah, New Mexico, and Arizona.
Erigeron pulcherrimus is a perennial herb up to 35 centimeters (14 inches) tall, producing a large taproot. The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem. Each head has 25–60 blue, pink or white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows in dry places with silty or gravelly soil, sometimes high in salt, selenium, or gypsum.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in New Mexico in 1897, isotype of ''Erigeron pulcherrimus'
pulcherrimus
Flora of the Western United States
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Taxa named by Amos Arthur Heller
Plants described in 1898
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Žarko Ćulum (born 02 January 1996) is a Serbian judoka. They won European U-23 Championships bronze in 2017 in Podgorica.
Achievements
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Serbian male judoka
European Games competitors for Serbia
Judoka at the 2019 European Games
Sportspeople from Banja Luka
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Serbia
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Anglo-Mughal War, also known as Child's War, was the first Anglo-Indian War on the Indian Subcontinent.
The English East India Company had been given a monopoly and numerous fortified bases on western and south-eastern coast of the Mughal India by the Crown, which was permitted by the local governors. In 1682, William Hedges was sent on the behalf of the Company to negotiate with the governor of the proto-industrialised Bengal Subah, Shaista Khan, and to obtain a firman, an imperial directive that would allow the English company regular trading privileges across the Mughal provinces.
In 1685, after some breaking of negotiations by Sir Josiah Child, Bt, the Governor of Bengal reacted by increasing the tributaries of the trade with the north-east from 2% to 3.5%. The company refused the newly introduced taxes and began to try to get the province of Bengal to accept new terms in the favour its trading power and expressed to capture Chittagong, establish a fortified enclave throughout the region, and attain independence of the surrounding subah from the Mughal territory by bringing the local governors and the Hooghly River to their control, which would later allow to form relationships with the Kingdom of Mrauk U based in Arakan (today's Myanmar) and hold substantial power in the Bay of Bengal.
Upon request, King James II sent warships to the company based in India, but the expedition failed. Following the dispatch of twelve warships loaded with troops, a number of battles took place, leading to the Siege of Bombay Harbour and bombardment of the city of Balasore. New peace treaties were negotiated, and the East India Company sent petitions to Aurangzeb about trades involving the Portuguese at Hooghly and religious intolerance of the Tamil community in Madras, but praised Aurangzeb Alamgir's imperial majesty and compared them with ancient Persia's emperors Cyrus and Darius, however the company eventually failed to reach an agreement.
The English naval forces established a blockade of the Mughal ports on the western Indian coast and engaged in several battles with the Mughal Army, and ships with Muslim pilgrims to Arabia's Mecca were also captured.
The East India Company navy blockaded several Mughal ports on the western coast of India and engaged the Mughal Army in battle. The blockade started to effect major cities like Chittagong, Madras and Mumbai (Bombay), which resulted in the intervention of Emperor Aurangzeb, who seized all the factories of the company and arrested members of the East India Company Army, while the Company forces commanded by Sir Josiah Child, Bt captured further Mughal trading ships.
Ultimately the Company was forced to concede by the armed forces of the Mughal Empire and the company was fined 150,000 rupees (roughly equivalent to today's $4.4 million). The company's apology was accepted and the trading privileges were reimposed by Emperor Aurangzeb.
Background
In 1682 the English East India Company sent William Hedges to Shaista Khan, the Mughal governor of Bengal Subah, in order to obtain a firman: an imperial directive that would grant the Company regular trading privileges throughout the proto-industrialised Mughal Empire, the world's largest economy of that time. After the intervention of the company's governor in London, Sir Josiah Child, with Hedges's mission, causing Emperor Aurangzeb to break off the negotiations. After that Child decided to go to war against the Mughals.
Events
In 1685 Admiral Nicholson was sent out with twelve ships of war, carrying 200 pieces of cannon and a body of 600 men, to be reinforced by 400 from Madras. Their instructions were to capture and fortify Chittagong, for which purpose 200 additional guns were placed on board, to demand the cession of the encompassing territory, to conciliate the Zamindars and Taluqdars, to establish a mint, and to enter into a treaty with the ruler of Arakan. But the fleet was dispersed during the voyage, and several of the vessels, instead of steering for Chittagong, entered the Hooghly, and being joined by English troops from Madras, anchored off the Company's factory.
The arrival of so formidable an expedition alarmed Shaista Khan, and they offered to compromise their differences with the English; but an unforeseen event brought the negotiation to an abrupt close. Three English soldiers, strolling through the marketplace of Hooghly, quarrelled with Mughal officials, and were severely beaten. After that Nicholson dispatched a force to capture the town.
In 1686, new negotiations started in Chuttanutty which the Mughals intentionally prolonged till their troops could be assembled to attack the English encampment, and English commander Job Charnock retired with their soldiers and establishments to the island of Ingelee, at the mouth of the Hooghly River. It was a low and deadly swamp, covered with long grass, without any fresh water. In three months 50% of the English troops had died from disease.
In 1688, an English fleet was dispatched to blockade the Mughal harbours in the Arabian Sea on the western coast of India. Merchantmen containing Muslim pilgrims to Mecca (as part of the hajj) were among those captured. Upon hearing of the blockade, Emperor Aurangzeb Alamgir decided to resume negotiations with the English. However, the Company sent out reinforcements commanded by Captain Heath who on their arrival disallowed the treaty then pending and proceeded to Balasore which they bombarded unsuccessfully. They then sailed to Chittagong; but finding the fortifications stronger than they had anticipated, landed at Madras.
After that Emperor Aurangzeb issued orders for the occupation of the East India Company possessions all over the subcontinent, and the confiscation of their property. As a result, possessions of East India Company were reduced to the fortified towns of Madras and Bombay.
In 1689, the strong Mughal fleet from Janjira commanded by Sidi Yaqub and composed of Mappila from the Ethiopian Empire blockaded the East India Company fort in Bombay. After a year of resistance, a famine broke out due to the blockade, the Company surrendered, and in 1690 the company sent envoys to Aurangzeb's court to plea for a pardon and to renew the trade firman. The company's envoys had to prostrate themselves before the emperor, pay a large imperial fine of 1,50,000 rupees, and promise better behavior in the future. Emperor Aurangzeb then ordered Sidi Yaqub to lift the Siege of Bombay and the company subsequently re-established itself in Bombay and set up a new base in Calcutta.
See also
Henry Every
Thomas Tew
References
Wars involving the British East India Company
Wars involving the Mughal Empire
1680s in India
1690 in India
1680s in the Mughal Empire
1690 in the Mughal Empire
Matthew Jacob Leal (born February 21, 2003) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Portuguese side Casa Pia.
Career
Youth
In 2016, Matthew competed in the IberCup, an international tournament. In July 2017, they joined C.F. Os Belenenses. Their European Union passport makes them eligible to play for any European team.
Personal life
 They are originally from Newton, Massachusetts. Their twin brother, Patrick Leal, is also a soccer player who plays for Venezia FC.  They are of Portuguese descent through their father and holds a Portuguese passport.
References
2003 births
American soccer players
American people of Portuguese descent
Association football midfielders
Living people
Casa Pia A.C. players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
New England Revolution players
Soccer players from Massachusetts
The India national Under-20 football team, also known as India Under-20s or India U20(s), represents India at all under-20 football tournaments. They act as the main feeder team for the India national under-23 football team and the senior India national football team.
This team is for Indian players aged under 19 at the start of the calendar year in which a two-year AFC U-19 Championship campaign begins, and as such, some players can remain with the squad until the age of 21. As long as they are eligible, players can play for India at any level, making it possible to play for the U19s first, then the senior side, and again back to playing for the U19s. It is also possible to play for one country at youth level and another at senior level (provided the player is eligible).
History
As an Asian U19 team, India competes for the Asian Championship, with the finals every even-numbered year, formerly odd-numbered years. There is no Under-19 World Cup, although there is an Under-20 World Cup. This team also participate in the SAFF U-19 Championship which started from 2015 by South Asian Football federation.
1959−1970
For the first four seasons of AFC U-19 Championship, from 1959 to 1962 the Indian team did not enter into the tournament though there was no qualification round. India first participated in the AFC U-19 Championships in 1963 but did not move ahead from the group stage. 1964 is where the first Kabui player, BasantaKumar Kabui represented Manipur in an International event.
The first best result came at the 1966 edition where the team entered in the quarter finals with 3 wins against Burma, Japan and Singapore and a defeat by china but in the quarter final they lost to Israel by 4−0. In the next edition at 1967 AFC Youth Championship India again entered in the quarter final. First a draw of 1−1 against Israel and then defeating Malaysia by 4−1 but same as 1966 they again defeated in the quarter final, this time by Indonesia by 2−6. In 1968, the team didn't move beyond group stage, and next two edition of 1969 and 1970 India did not enter in the championships.
1971−1979
In 1971, they again reached the quarter final for the third time in AFC championships, but the fate was same as again saw a defeat, now against Japan by 0−3. But, after a gap of two more editions, it was 1974 AFC Youth Championship, where India seen the golden moment after becoming champions in AFC Under-19 Championships. First in group stage India defeat both Laos and Burma by 1−0 and a draw against Hong Kong by 2−2. Then entering in the quarter final they defeated Singapore by 1(4)−1(1), thus reached semi-finals where defeating Thailand by 2−1, for the first time India reached the final of the Championship. But the final was a draw against Iran by 2−2 thus jointly awarded both the team as the Champions. In 1975 and 1976 edition, India didn't do much well but at 1977 AFC Youth Championship they reached the quarter final but the opponent was Iran, the defending Champion who defeated India by 3−0, thus failed to qualify for the first FIFA World Youth Championship in 1977 which later came to be known as FIFA U-20 World Cup and also failed to qualify at the 1979 edition.
1980−2000, the decline
These two decades saw a decline in the performance of the Indian team. Qualification round started from 1980 AFC Youth Championship and India failed to qualify in 6 out of 11 editions of the championships and in rest 5 editions the failed to move beyond the group stage, thus also failed to qualify for the FIFA U-20 World Cup as the finalist were only to be qualified for the competition.
2002−2017 Rise and Fall
In 2002, at the AFC U-19 Championship, India reached the quarter final for the 6th time, by the virtue of third-place qualifiers, but defeated heavily by South Korea, where the Korean found the Indian net 7 times. Next two editions they ended their competition in group stages and next 7 editions from 2008 to 2018, India failed to qualify again for the championships and so for the FIFA U20 Worldcup.
In the meanwhile, SAFF started SAFF U-19 Championship from 2015 to develop the youth teams of South Asian countries as they're continuously failing to qualify for AFC U-20 championships. In the 2015 inaugural edition, India became runners-up facing a defeat from Nepal through a penalty shoot out. In the next edition in 2017, the tournament was a round robin, where India saw two wins against Bhutan and Maldives and two defeats from Bangladesh and Nepal, thus achieved the third place in the tournament.
2018−Present
The AIFF finally acted and opened their eyes to bring out the team from its misery and started various plans and programmes to tackle to present a pathetic situation. One of the most important steps is international exposure to the youth and under 17 teams.
India's U-20 team was invited to participate in Cotif Tournament where clubs and national and autonomous teams participate every year since 1984, held at Valencia, Spain. 2018 Cotif was 35th Anniversary of the tournament. Though India lost two consecutive matches against Spanish club Murcia then against Mauritania, they managed a draw against a stronger Latin American side of Venezuela, but on the final group match on 5 August 2018, the Indian side written a piece of history when they defeated the most successful U-20 Worldcup winning nation Argentina. The match was historic in many ways, when Indian defender Deepak Tangri headed a corner kick to the net of Argentine side, it was the first goal against them by any Indian side, then with a second goal by Anwar Ali with a fabulous free kick help India to win the match with a score of 2−1 against the stronger Argentine side, made a history as it is the first time that any Indian team defeated any Argentine side and also any American national team. Argentina national team manager Scaloni and Argentine great Pablo Aimar praised the young colt's performances and said the future of the team is bright if there is continued perseverance. AIFF called it as one of the "biggest days for Indian Football" as team coach said "This victory will definitely earn Indian football more respect in the world of football. It opens up a window of opportunity to test ourselves against the best in the world on a regular basis".
Just after the Cotif experience, AIFF announced the team was invited to play in a four-nation tournament between under-20 national teams of France, Croatia and Slovenia and two friendlies against Serbia. This was the first time India was playing in a 4-nations tournament in which all the opponents are European nations. In the first match the team faced a big defeat against a mightier Croatian team by 0−5. The second match was against Slovenia, where they played very well within 90 minutes but failed to convert various chances and on the last minute of injury time the Slovenian side found the net, match ended in 0−1 defeat. Third match was against France, which India lost by 2−0. In the friendlies against Serbia India saw defeat in both the matches, first by 2−0 and second by 3−1 where Rahim Ali managed to find the net once.
Current staff
Players
Current squad
The following 23 players were called up for the 2022 SAFF U-20 Championship.
* With respective clubs this season.
Past Squads
AFC U-19 Championship squads
1974 AFC U-19 Championship squad
2002 AFC U-19 Championship squad
Results and fixtures
2022
Competitive records
FIFA U-20 World Cup
AFC U-20 Asian Cup
SAFF U-18/U-19/U-20 Championship
*Denotes draws includes knockout matches decided on penalty kicks. Red border indicates that the tournament was hosted on home soil. Gold, silver, bronze backgrounds indicates 1st, 2nd and 3rd finishes respectively. Bold text indicates the best finish in tournament.
Other honours
OFC Youth Development Tournament
Champions (1): 2019
See also
India national football team
India national under-23 football team
India national under-17 football team
External links
India U-19 team page at the Official AIFF website
References
Youth football in India
Football
Lord and Lady Algy may refer to:
Lord and Lady Algy (play), an 1898 play by the British writer R.C. Carton
Lord and Lady Algy (film), a 1919 American silent film adaptation
Richard R. Muller is a professor of airpower history within the School of Advanced Air and Space Studies at the USAF's Air University in Montgomery, Alabama. They gained their Bachelor of Arts from Franklin and Marshall College and their Master of Arts and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from the Ohio State University.  They are an authority on the German Luftwaffe of the Second World War.
Their books include: The German Air War in Russia (1992. ); The Luftwaffe's Way of War: German Air Force Doctrine, 1911-1945 (with James Corum)(1998. ); The Luftwaffe Over Germany: Defense of the Reich (with Donald Caldwell) (2007: ).  They are a member of the Academic Advisory Panel of the Royal Air Force Centre for Air Power Studies.
Notes
Air force historians
American military historians
American male non-fiction writers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Air University (United States Air Force) faculty
The Diocese of Mannar () is a Roman Catholic diocese for north-western Sri Lanka, administered by the Bishop of Mannar, currently Fidelis Fernando.
History
The Diocese of Mannar was created on 24 January 1981 from parts of the Diocese of Jaffna. Between 14 January 2016 and 22 November 2017, the position of Bishop remained vacant, the diocese being overseen by Apostolic Administrator and retired Bishop Kingsley Swampillai.
See also
Mannar Catholic martyrs (1544)
Bishops
Notable Churches
Shrine of Our Lady of Madhu
St. Sebastian's Cathedral, Mannar
St.Antony's Church, Nedunkandal
Our lady of Refuge Church, Ithikandal
Our lady of Velankani Church, Thamari Kulam, Adampan
St.Philip Neto's Church, Kannady
The Sacred Heart Church, Adampan
Our lady of Sorrows Church, Adampan
Karthar Kovil, Adampan
St. Joseph Church, Andankulam
St.Michel's Church, Tharavankoddai
St.Joseph Vazz Church, Kallikulam
St. Francis Xavier Shrine, Velankulam
St.Lawrence Church, Thalimanar
Holy Rosary Church, Thalaimannar
Christ the King Church, Santhapuram
St.Anne's Church, Sinnakadai
References
Organisations based in Northern Province, Sri Lanka
Mannar
Mannar
The AMT Lightning 25/22 was a .22 LR-caliber semi-automatic rifle manufactured by Arcadia Machine & Tool (AMT).
As is alluded to in the nomenclature, the Lightning 25/22 is functionally a clone of the Ruger 10/22 with the substitution of a larger 25-round magazine instead of the 10-round magazine used by Ruger. Also, the receiver is stainless steel rather than aluminum and features a Stainless Steel and Nylon folding stock and pistol grip rather than the wooden or composite stock mounted on the 10/22. The rifle also features an extended magazine release.
The AMT Lightning line, which included direct clones of the Ruger 10/22 and Mark II pistol, eventually prompted a lawsuit against AMT that forced them to discontinue the line.
The AMT Lightning was also exported to the UK and tuned by Theoben Engineering, the result was the AMT/Theoben Target Model. This rifle is known for its reliability; accuracy and rarity. Produced in very small numbers this rifle had a bull target barrel and a special evolution moderator to fit the larger barrel (.917).
References
External links
User Manual
.22 LR semi-automatic rifles
Alois Jaros (15 January 1930 – 24 August 2007) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1957.
References
External links
1930 births
2007 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Coccothrinax bermudezii is a palm which is endemic to southeastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. acunana to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
bermudezii
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1951 season.
Overview
It was contested by 6 teams, and Sarkanais Metalurgs won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Enrico Fermi (1901–1954), an Italian-born, naturalized American physicist, is the eponym of the topics listed below.
Physics
Fermi (unit), unit of length in particle physics equivalent to the femtometre
Fermi arc, a phenomenon in superconductivity
Fermi constant, constant that gives the strength of Fermi's interaction
Fermi contact interaction, the magnetic interaction between an electron and an atomic nucleus when the electron is inside that nucleus
Fermi energy
Fermi's four factor formula
Fermi gas
Fermi's interaction, an explanation of the beta decay
Fermi level
Fermi liquid theory
Quasi Fermi level, also called imref which is "fermi" spelt backwards
Fermi heap and Fermi hole
Fermi paradox, a fundamental issue in SETI
Fermi point
Fermi pseudopotential
Fermi's golden rule
Fermi motion, the quantum motion of nucleons bound inside a nucleus
Fermi resonance
Fermi surface
Fermi acceleration
Fermi–Ulam model
Fermi–Pustyl'nikov model, a model of the Fermi acceleration mechanism
Fermi glow
Fermi ball
Fermi sea
Fermi transition
Fermi–Walker transport
Fermi–Dirac statistics
Fermi–Dirac condensate
Fermion, the class of particles that obey Fermi-Dirac statistics, a name coined by Dirac in 1945
Fermium, a synthetic element with symbol Fm and atomic number 100.
Fermionic field
Thomas–Fermi model approximation
Thomas–Fermi model
Thomas–Fermi equation
Thomas–Fermi screening, an approximate method for describing screening of electric field by mobile charge
International School of Physics "Enrico Fermi", an annual summer school hosted by the Italian Physical Society
Mathematics
Complete Fermi–Dirac integral
Incomplete Fermi–Dirac integral
Fermi–Walker differentiation
Fermi coordinates, local coordinates that are adapted to a geodesic in Riemannian geometry
Fermi–Pasta–Ulam–Tsingou problem
Fermi problem, estimation problem designed to teach dimensional analysis, and approximation
Fermi paradox, typical example of a Fermi problem pertaining to extraterrestrial civilizations
Research
Fermilab, Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory
Enrico Fermi Institute, Chicago, Illinois
Technology
GeForce 400 Series and GeForce 500 Series, also "Fermi", the codename for a CUDA architecture graphics card developed by NVIDIA
Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope
Enrico Fermi Nuclear Generating Station, Monroe, Michigan
Enrico Fermi Nuclear Power Plant (Italy), Trino Vercellese, Italy
RA-1 Enrico Fermi, Argentinian research reactor
FERMIAC
Fermi filter
Fermi Linux, distributions produced Fermilab
Fermi-Szilárd Neutronic Reactor, US patent 2,708,656
Fermi-ization, method of estimation that involves breaking a problem into component parts, estimating each part separately and then combining the result. This method tends to produce substantially more accurate answers, even with components that are largely unknown, than less systematic approaches.
Other
Enrico Fermi Award
Enrico Fermi Professorship in Physics at Columbia University
Fermi Paradox (album), an album by Tub Ring
Fermi Paradox, a song by Avenged Sevenfold
Fermi Project, a philanthropic organization
Fermi, a large lunar crater
Fermi and Frost, a science fiction short story by Frederik Pohl with themes including the Fermi paradox
The Fermi Paradox Is Our Business Model, a science fiction short story by Charlie Jane Anders
8103 Fermi (1994 BE), a main-belt asteroid
Fermi, a metro station in Turin
EUR Fermi, a station of the Rome Metro
Enrico Fermi High School, a high school located in Enfield, Connecticut
Instituto Italiano Enrico Fermi in Panama.
Schools, squares and streets in almost all Italian towns and villages
A Nuker class character in Quanta;Next.
References
Fermi
Enrico Fermi
Sharvee Chaturvedi (born 20 July 1985) is an Indian fashion photographer, known for shooting Bollywood's first all-male calendar.
 They are often touted as Subhash Ghai's and Dabboo Ratnani's protégé.
Biography
Born and brought up in Kanpur, Chaturvedi graduated in economics from St. Xavier's College, Mumbai. They finished their diploma in image production from the London College of Communication, University of Arts, London. Having learnt fine art photography under Girish Mistry's tutelage, Sharvee began their own career with portrait, fine art, lifestyle, and actor portfolios. They have also assisted celebrity photographer Dabboo Ratnani.
Work
Chaturvedi shot their debut calendar photography album for the year 2015, featuring 12 Bollywood actors including Ali Fazal, Gulshan Devaiah, Varun Sharma, Shiv Panditt, Chandan Roy Sanyal, Satyajeet Dubey, Dhruv Ganesh, Sumit Suri, Inaamulhaq, Anil Mange, Jitin Gulati, and Anshuman Jha. The calendar was unveiled by Subhash Ghai. The theme of the calendar was 'Life in a Dot' and was titled 'Bollywood Tomorrow', as it showcased each actor's journey in Bollywood. It revolved around ideas of human emotions, spirituality, culture, hope, dreams and visions of tomorrow.
They plan to continue shooting annual calendars featuring more celebrities and creative themes.
References
External links
People from Kanpur
1985 births
Living people
Indian fashion photographers
In mathematics, the reduced derivative is a generalization of the notion of derivative that is well-suited to the study of functions of bounded variation. Although functions of bounded variation have derivatives in the sense of Radon measures, it is desirable to have a derivative that takes values in the same space as the functions themselves. Although the precise definition of the reduced derivative is quite involved, its key properties are quite easy to remember:
it is a multiple of the usual derivative wherever it exists;
at jump points, it is a multiple of the jump vector.
The notion of reduced derivative appears to have been introduced by Alexander Mielke and Florian Theil in 2004.
Definition
Let X be a separable, reflexive Banach space with norm || || and fix T > 0. Let BV−([0, T]; X) denote the space of all left-continuous functions z : [0, T] → X with bounded variation on [0, T].
For any function of time f, use subscripts +/− to denote the right/left continuous versions of f, i.e.
For any sub-interval [a, b] of [0, T], let Var(z, [a, b]) denote the variation of z over [a, b], i.e., the supremum
The first step in the construction of the reduced derivative is the "stretch" time so that z can be linearly interpolated at its jump points. To this end, define
The "stretched time" function τ̂ is left-continuous (i.e. τ̂ = τ̂−); moreover, τ̂− and τ̂+ are strictly increasing and agree except at the (at most countable) jump points of z. Setting T̂ = τ̂(T), this "stretch" can be inverted by
Using this, the stretched version of z is defined by
where θ ∈ [0, 1] and
The effect of this definition is to create a new function ẑ which "stretches out" the jumps of z by linear interpolation. A quick calculation shows that ẑ is not just continuous, but also lies in a Sobolev space:
The derivative of ẑ(τ) with respect to τ is defined almost everywhere with respect to Lebesgue measure. The reduced derivative of z is the pull-back of this derivative by the stretching function τ̂ : [0, T] → [0, T̂]. In other words,
Associated with this pull-back of the derivative is the pull-back of Lebesgue measure on [0, T̂], which defines the differential measure μz:
Properties
The reduced derivative rd(z) is defined only μz-almost everywhere on [0, T].
If t is a jump point of z, then
If z is differentiable on (t1, t2), then
and, for t ∈ (t1, t2),
,
For 0 ≤ s < t ≤ T,
References
Differential calculus
Mathematical analysis
Journal of Current Chinese Affairs is a German academic journal of(). The internationally refereed journal focuses on political, economic and social developments in the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
Editor
The Journal of Current Chinese Affairs, first published in 1972 as China aktuell, is edited by the GIGA Institute for Asian Studies (GIGA Institut für Asien-Studien). The journal, published three times a year, is part of the GIGA Journal Family of the German Institute for Global and Area Studies' (Hamburg). The journal's editorial board is led by Georg Strüver.
The GIGA Journal Family was funded by the German Research Foundation (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, DFG) as a pilot project in open-access publishing. Since the beginning of 2009, the Journal of Current Chinese Affairs, and the other socio-scientific journals of the German Institute for Global and Area Studies, have been transformed into open-access journals. The institute also continues to publish print versions of all journals of current Chinese affairs.
Journal concept
The Journal of Current Chinese Affairs analyses current issues in political, social and economic life; culture; and development in contemporary China, including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. In addition, special background analyses examine important events in accordance with their respective contexts.
The Journal of Current Chinese Affairs reaches a broad readership in academic, administration, and business circles, but it is also intended for practitioners and general readers interested in contemporary China. The journal is included in the collections of various public and university libraries in Germany as well as overseas. To ensure the journal's quality, essays are evaluated in a double-blind peer-review process.
References
External links
Journal of Current Chinese Affairs
GIGA Journal Family
German Institute for Global and Area Studies
Publications established in 1972
Triannual journals
Political science journals
English-language journals
German-language journals
The 782nd Tactical Air Support Training Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. The squadron's most distinguished predecessor is the 792nd Bombardment Squadron, which was organized in 1943 as one of the first Boeing B-29 Superfortress units, The squadron participated in the strategic bombing campaign against Japan, earning three Distinguished Unit Citations. It returned to the United States following V-J Day and briefly became one of the first units in Strategic Air Command before inactivating at the end of March 1946.
The squadron's second predecessor is the 782nd Tactical Fighter Squadron, which was organized at George Air Force Base, California in 1964 as a McDonnell F-4 Phantom II unit. While this squadron was equipping and training, it was inactivated and its personnel and equipment transferred to another squadron. The two squadrons were consolidated in September 1985, but the consolidated unit has not been active.
History
World War II
Organization and training in the United States
The squadron was first organized at Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas on 1 August 1943 as one of the four original squadrons of the 468th Bombardment Group. It was intended to be a Boeing B-29 Superfortress squadron, however due to the lack of B-29 availability, it was initially equipped with Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses. Smoky Hill was one of four bases chosen for B-29 training based on their proximity to Boeing's factory at Wichita, Kansas, where most of the early Superfortresses would be produced.
Delays in producing the B-29, labor disputes at the engine manufacturer, and modifications to the planes to make them ready for combat resulted in belated deliveries to combat units and it was close to the end of 1943 before aircrews could train in the new bomber in any number. Ground echelon personnel began shipping out to prepare the airfields for the bombers without completing their training in the United States. The air echelon of the squadron trained with the B-29 in Kansas until March 1944, when it departed for its first overseas base, Kharagpur Airfield, Bengal, India, to participate in Operation Matterhorn, which called for B-29 attacks from advanced bases in China, while the bombers' main bases were in India. The squadron completed its training and deployed from the United States to India in March 1944, flying across the South Atlantic and Africa to reach its combat station.
Combat in the China Burma India Theater
The squadron arrived at Kharagpur in mid-April. Once all elements of the 468th Group had arrived at Kharagpur in June, the squadron became part of Twentieth Air Force, which reported directly to Headquarters, Army Air Forces, bypassing theater command. Its initial missions were transporting supplies and equipment to staging airfields in China, and it did not fly its first combat mission until 5 June, when it participated in a raid on railroad repair facilities near Bangkok, Thailand. Ten days later, it participated in the first attack on the Japanese Home Islands since the Doolittle Raid two years earlier. Attacks on Japan required staging through forward bases in China, and squadron bombers consumed twelve gallons of fuel to transport one gallon that could be used for combat missions. The squadron moved its available aircraft to its forward base at Pengshan Airfield near Chengtu. Staging of B-29s, already armed and loaded with bombs began on 13 June and was only completed on the day of the raid, with only refueling needed in China. The primary target for this mission was the Imperial Steel Works at Yawata.
The unit staged through bases not only in China for attacks on Japan, but from other bases in India and Ceylon. It conducted mining operations off the coasts of French Indochina, near Saigon and China, near Shanghai. It attacked Japanese targets in Southeast Asia, including aircraft factories, naval installations, transportation facilities and iron works, and it flew sorties to targets as distant as Indonesia. In August 1944, the squadron struck a steel factory in Yawata, Japan, in a daylight raid, earning its first Distinguished Unit Citation. Fighter opposition on this attack included the first experience of a Japanese fighter plane intentionally ramming a B-29.
In October 1944, the 468th Bombardment Group was reorganized, along with other groups in XX Bomber Command. The squadron's strength was increased by three B-29s made available by the inactivation of the 795th Bombardment Squadron and maintenance personnel from the disbanding maintenance squadrons of the 468th. During its remaining time in the China-Burma-India Theater, the squadron found itself more frequently attacking tactical targets in Formosa and the Philippines to support of forces advancing in the Pacific.
The squadron abandoned its forward bases in China in January 1945, but continued attacks from Indian airfields. It attacked a supply dump in Rangoon, Burma; rail targets near Bangkok, Thailand and Kuala Lampur, Malaya, and the drydock in Singapore. On 4 May, the squadron left its base in India for the island of Tinian, although elements of the 468th Group had begun moving as early as February.
Combat in the Pacific
The squadron arrived at its new base at West Field (Tinian) in the Mariana Islands on 7 May 1945. The squadron was able to operate from its new base against Japan without the need to use forward bases. Most of its attacks were night time raids with incendiary bombs. Is attacks in late May with incendiaries against Tokyo and Yokohama earned the squadron its second DUC. It participated against some strategic targets from high altitude, and earned a third DUC for a daylight attack on an aircraft manufacturing plant at Takarazuka. The squadron also continued minelaying missions.
Following V-J Day, squadron Superfortesses dropped food and supplies to Allied prisoners of war. It also participated in show of force missions.
Strategic Air Command
The squadron departed Tinian in November 1945 and reassembled at Fort Worth Army Air Field, Texas in December. With the beginning of the new year, the squadron moved to Roswell Army Air Field, New Mexico, where it began to train again with the Superfortress. When Strategic Air Command (SAC) was formed in March, the squadron became one of SAC's first units. However it did not remain long with SAC, but was inactivated at the end of the month.
Tactical fighter training
The squadron's other predecessor, the 782nd Tactical Fighter Squadron, was activated at George Air Force Base, California in April 1964 as an element of the 32d Tactical Fighter Wing. The unit began training with the McDonnell F-4 Phantom II, when the Air Force decided to replace the 32d Wing with the 8th Tactical Fighter Wing, which moved on paper to George from Japan. The squadron inactivated and its personnel and equipment were transferred to the 433d Tactical Fighter Squadron.
The two squadrons were consolidated as the 782nd Tactical Air Support Training Squadron on 19 September 1985.
Lineage
792nd Bombardment Squadron
Constituted as the 792nd Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) on 19 May 1943
Activated on 1 August 1943
Redesignated 792nd Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 20 November 1943
Inactivated on 31 March 1946
Consolidated with the 782nd Tactical Fighter Squadron as the 782nd Tactical Air Support Training Squadron on 19 September 1985
782nd Tactical Air Support Training Squadron
Constituted as the 782nd Tactical Fighter Squadron on 6 April 1964
Activated on 1 April 1964
Inactivated on 25 July 1964
Consolidated with the 792nd Bombardment Squadron as the 782nd Tactical Air Support Training Squadron on 19 September 1985
Assignments
468th Bombardment Group, 1 August 1943 – 31 March 1946
32nd Tactical Fighter Wing, 1 April–25 July 1964
Stations
Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas, 1 August 1943 – 12 March 1944
Kharagpur Airfield, Bengal, India, c. 13 April 1944 – 4 May 1945
West Airfield, Tinian, 7 May–15 November 1945
Fort Worth Army Air Field, Texas, 1 December 1945
Roswell Army Air Field, New Mexico, 9 January–31 March 1946
George Air Force Base, 1 April–25 July 1964
Aircraft
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress, 1943
Boeing B-29 Superfortress, 1943–1946
McDonnell F-4 Phantom II, 1964
Awards and campaigns
See also
List of F-4 Phantom II operators
B-17 Flying Fortress units of the United States Army Air Forces
List of B-29 Superfortress operators
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Bombardment squadrons of the United States Army Air Forces
Military units and formations established in 1943
World War II strategic bombing units
Life Time is the debut album by American drummer Tony Williams recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label. Featured musicians include tenor saxophonist Sam Rivers, vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson, pianist Herbie Hancock and bassists Gary Peacock and Richard Davis.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars and stated "The unpredictable music holds one's interest; a very strong debut for the masterful drummer".
The Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings included the album in its suggested “core collection” of essential recordings.
Track listing
All compositions by Tony Williams.
"Two Pieces of One: Red" – 8:06
"Two Pieces of One: Green" – 10:40
"Tomorrow Afternoon" – 5:35
"Memory" – 8:06
"Barb's Song to the Wizard" – 5:58
Recorded on August 21 (#1–3) and August 24 (#4–5), 1964.
Personnel
Tony Williams – drums, timpani, woodblocks, maracas, triangle (1–4)
Sam Rivers – tenor saxophone (1–3)
Bobby Hutcherson – vibes, marimba (4)
Herbie Hancock – piano (4–5)
Ron Carter (5), Richard Davis (1–2), Gary Peacock (1–3) – bass
References
Blue Note Records albums
Tony Williams (drummer) albums
1964 debut albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
The General Product Safety Regulations 2005 is a 2005 Statutory Instrument of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that demands that "No producer shall [supply or] place a [consumer] product on the market unless the product is a safe product" (reg. 5(1)) and provides broad enforcement powers. The regulations implemented European Union directive 2001/95/EC and revoked the General Product Safety Regulations 1994 (reg. 1(2)). The regulations also repealed section 10 of the Consumer Protection Act 1987 which had previously imposed a more limited general safety requirement (reg. 46(2)).
It is a crime to breach the general safety requirement. On summary conviction in the Magistrates' Court, an offender can be sentenced to up to three months' imprisonment and the statutory maximum fine. On conviction on indictment in the Crown Court, an offender can be sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment and a £20,000 fine (reg. 20(1)). An enforcement authority can recover the full costs of enforcement from an offender (reg. 27).
It is a defence that all due diligence was exercised in the supply of the product (reg. 29(1)). Where a person wishes to rely on the defence that supply of a dangerous product was due to the default of someone else or reliance on information from someone else, they must serve notice on the court seven days before the hearing (reg. 29(2)–(3)).
The general safety requirement
The regulations require that no producer shall (reg. 5):
Place a product on the market;
Offer or agree to place a product on the market or expose or possess a product for placing on the market;
Offer or agree to supply a product or expose or possess a product for supply;
Supply a product;
– unless the product is a safe product.
A producer must provide appropriate information to consumers (reg. 7). Either a producer or distributor must inform an enforcement authority if they become aware that they have supplied a dangerous product (reg. 9). The authority must inform the Secretary of State, the Secretary of State for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform, who must inform the European Commission (regs. 33–34)
A distributor must exercise due care in helping to ensure safety through (reg. 8):
Not selling dangerous products;
Providing information to purchasers;
Maintaining traceability;
Co-operating with enforcement authorities.
Producer
A producer is (reg. 2):
The manufacturer of a product who is established in the EU;
A person established in the EU, holding themselves out as the manufacturer, for example by selling private label products under their own brand ("own-branders");
A person established in the EU who reconditions the product;
A person established in the EU who represents a manufacturer from outside the EU;
Where there is no EU representative of the manufacturer, the importer into the EU;
Other professionals in the supply chain who affect the safety of the product.
A supply chain professional whose activity does not affect product safety is a distributor (reg. 2).
Product
The regulations apply to products supplied commercially, whether or not for consideration, that are (reg. 2):
Consumer products; or
Likely, under reasonably foreseeable conditions, to be used by consumers;
– including products that are:
New, used or reconditioned;
Made available for consumer for their own use during providing a service, for example hire of bowling shoes.
The regulations do not apply to products used by service providers themselves, especially means of transport (reg. 2), nor do they apply to second hand goods supplied with the clear intention that they will be repaired or reconditioned before use (reg. 4). They do not apply to products where there are specific provisions as to the product's safety in the law of the European Union (reg. 3).
Safe product
A safe product is a product which, under normal or reasonably foreseeable conditions of use including (reg. 2):
Duration of use;
Putting into service;
Installation; and
Maintenance requirements;
– does not present any risk or only the minimum risks compatible with the product's use, considered to be acceptable and consistent with a high level of protection for the safety and health of persons.
Relevant factors are (reg. 2):
Characteristics of the product, including:
Composition;
Packaging; and
Instructions for assembly, installation and maintenance;
Effect on other products, where it is reasonably foreseeable that it will be used with other products;
Presentation, labelling, warnings, instructions for use and disposal and any other indication or information regarding the product; and
Categories of consumers at risk when using the product, in particular children and the elderly;
– and conformance to or compliance with (reg. 6(3)):
A voluntary UK standard giving effect to a European standard, but not a European standard published in the Official Journal of the European Union;
Other UK standards;
Recommendations of the European Commission setting guidelines on product safety assessment;
Product safety codes of good practice in the sector concerned;
The state of the art and technology; and
Reasonable consumer expectations concerning safety.
A product that is not a safe product is a dangerous product. A product is not dangerous solely because other products are safer or it was feasible to make the product itself safer (reg. 2).
Products deemed safe by conformity
Products are deemed safe products where they conform to:
UK safety legislation where there is no EU legislation (reg. 6(1)); or
A voluntary UK standard that gives effect to a European standard that itself has been published in the Official Journal (reg. 6(2)).
Antiques
A supplier has a defence where (reg. 30):
The product is second hand goods;
The product is an antique;
The supplier sells the product, rather than supplying it for use on some other basis; and
The supplier informs the purchaser that the product is an antique.
Enforcement
Enforcement authorities
Enforcement authorities that have a duty to enforce the regulations are (reg. 10):
England:
county councils;
district councils;
London borough councils;
the Common Council of the City of London, in its capacity as a local authority;
the Council of the Isles of Scilly;
Scotland:
councils for a local government area;
Wales:
county councils or County Borough Councils.
Northern Ireland:
district councils.
Enforcement authorities must act proportionately and encourage voluntary action but may take urgent action in the case of a serious risk (reg. 10(5)). They have the power to make test purchases (reg. 21) and powers of entry and search (regs. 22–23, 25–27). Authorities must undertake market surveillance (reg. 36) and make information available to the public (reg. 39) It is a crime to obstruct an officer of an enforcement authority, punishable on summary conviction to a fine of up to level 5 on the standard scale, i.e. £2500 (reg. 24(1)).
Safety notices
An enforcement authority may serve a safety notice, in one of the following forms:
a suspension notice preventing marketing or sale of the goods while safety evaluations, checks and controls are performed (reg. 11);
a requirement to mark to ensure an adequate safety marking (reg. 12);
a requirement to warn to issue a warning about a dangerous product to past and future consumers;
a withdrawal notice to withdraw a dangerous product from the market and, possibly, to warn past consumers (reg. 14);
a recall notice to recall a dangerous product (reg. 15).
The Secretary of State can require information or a product sample from a producer and it is a crime not to comply unless the information is protected by legal professional privilege or the right to silence (reg. 43).
Appeal against a notice can be made to a Magistrates' Court in England and Wales, and Northern Ireland, and to a Sheriff in Scotland (reg. 17).
Breach of a safety notice is a crime and, on summary conviction, an offender can be sentenced to up to three months' imprisonment and the statutory maximum fine (which is unlimited in England and Wales since 2015). On conviction on indictment, an offender can be sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment and a £20,000 fine (s. 20(4)).
Forfeiture
In the case of prosecution for a breach of the regulations or an appeal against a safety notice in England and Wales and Northern Ireland, the enforcement authority may apply to the court for forfeiture of the product. Appeal is to the Crown Court (England and Wales) or to a county court (Northern Ireland) (reg. 18). In Scotland, application must be made to a procurator fiscal with appeal to the High Court of Justiciary (reg. 19).
Further decisions under the Directive
Art.13 of the directive gives the European Commission the power to issue further decisions with which the Secretary of State must comply (reg. 35).
Effect of Brexit
Using powers under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, the Regulations were extensively amended to remove most references to the EU by the Product Safety and Metrology etc. (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, which came into force at 11 pm on 31 January 2020. In particular:
"The market", which previously meant the EU single market, includes only Great Britain, as a consequence of the Northern Ireland Protocol, under which Northern Ireland remains part of the EU customs area and EU law relating to free movement of goods continues to apply.
References to Member States are mostly replaced with references to the UK.
Where the European Commission had a role previously, that role is taken up by the Secretary of State instead.
The requirement to notify the Secretary of State and the Commission is replaced with a requirement to create a database of notifications to the EU under the market surveillance regulations, which serves as a way to notify the Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State is no longer required to cooperate with the Commission on marketing of chemical substances and on enforcement arrangements. UK enforcement authorities are likewise no longer required to cooperate with enforcement authorities of EU member states.
All references to the EU General Product Safety Directive ("GPS Directive", nothing to do with the Global Positioning System) are removed.
References
Bibliography
, URN 05/1457
Consumer protection law
Statutory Instruments of the United Kingdom
2005 in British law
Consumer protection in the United Kingdom
Searles Lake is an endorheic dry lake in the Searles Valley of the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, California. The lake in the past was also called Slate Range Lake and Borax Lake.
The mining community of Trona is on its western shore. The evaporite basin is approximately long and at its widest point, yielding 1.7 million tons annually of industrial minerals within the basin to the Searles Valley Minerals mining operations. Searles Lake is bounded by the Argus and Slate Mountains. Named after John Wemple Searles.
Geology
The stratigraphic record at Searles Lake shows that it once held brackish water as deep as . Fluctuations in lake levels correspond to the advances and retreats of glaciers in the Sierra Nevada Range. Thirty major lake levels occurred during the last 150,000 years, represented by a sequence of salt and mud beds. The precipitation of minerals occurred during long periods of lake evaporation.
The lake is home to the Trona Pinnacles, a spectacular geologic tufa formation and a National Natural Landmark.
History
Borax was first produced from the dry lake surface in 1873 by John Searles under the name of the San Bernardino Borax Mining Company. Searles was the first to haul borax using the famous 20 mule team wagons. In 1873, before the railroad was built to Mojave, refined borax was hauled 175 miles by 20 mule teams from Slate Range Playa (now called Searles Lake) to the harbor at San Pedro. The Searles Lake borax discovery has been designated California Historical Landmark #774, with a plaque at the roadside rest area in Trona. From 1922 to 1928, the Epsom Salts Monorail crossed the Searles Lake on a wooden trestle.
Mineralogy
Searles Lake is a huge resource of sodium and potassium minerals of the carbonate, sulfate, borate and halide classes of mineralogy. The manufacture of industrial minerals involves a complex solution mining operation in which naturally occurring brines are pumped from wells completed in several salt beds. The brine wells range in depth from near-surface to over below the salt pan. A network of production wells, injection wells, solar ponds and piping are used in the production and treatment of the brines.
Industrial minerals are extracted from the brines at the Argus, Trona and Westend plants. Minerals are crystallized from the brines, screened, washed, and dried. The crystals are then baked in rotary kilns to drive off water molecules locked in the crystalline structure. Some recrystallization may be required to achieve a desired composition and granular density. This complex extraction process at the three plants is generally referred to as fractional crystallization. It includes the treatment of brines through carbonation extraction, refrigeration extraction and/or solvent extraction. Salt is also harvested from the lake surface and from solar ponds.
Commodities produced by Searles Valley Minerals from their Searles Lake operations include borax, V-Bor (borax with five moles of water), anhydrous borax, boric acid, soda ash, salt cake and salt. Mineral reserves exceed four billion tons.
Mineral List
Analcime
Aphthitalite
Borax
Burkeite
Galeite
Gaylussite
Gypsum var: Selenite
Halite
Hanksite
Heulandite
Feldspar
Merlinoite
Mirabilite
Nahcolite
Northupite
Opal
Phillipsite
Pirssonite
Schairerite
Searlesite
Sulphohalite
Teepleite
Thenardite
Tincalconite
Trona
Tychite
Ulexite
Trona Pinnacles
The Trona Pinnacles are in the California Desert National Conservation Area managed by the Bureau of Land Management.
Marker
California Historical Landmark marker reads:
NO. 774 SEARLES LAKE BORAX DISCOVERY - John Searles discovered borax on the nearby surface of Searles Lake in 1862. With their brother Dennis, they formed the San Bernardino Borax Mining Company in 1873 and operated it until 1897. The chemicals in Searles Lake-borax, potash, soda ash, salt cake, and lithium-were deposited here by the runoff waters from melting ice-age glaciers, John Searles' discovery has proved to be the world's richest chemical storehouse, containing half the natural elements
A E Clampus Vitus monument was place to remember the Searles brothers:
The marker reads:
"This monument commemorates two wagon routes used by the Searles brothers to haul borax from their plant on Borax Lake (now Searles Lake) to the railhead at Mojave. The southern route traveled west of the Trona Pinnacles to Searles' freight station at Garden City. This is the present route of the Trona Railway which connects with the Union Pacific at Searles Station. Garden City was a virtual oasis, providing food and shelter for the teamsters and a barn accommodating 100 mules. The western route went through Salt Wells Canyon (Poison Canyon) to a dry station one mile from the head of the canyon and on to garden City where both routes joined. It then continued through Garlock and connected with the road to Mojave. Erected 2000 by Billy Holcomb Chapter No. 1069, E Clampus Vitus in cooperation with Searles Valley Historical Society."
See also
List of lakes in California
California Historical Landmarks in San Bernardino County, California
Potash wars (California)
References
External links
Mineralogy Database - Minerals, Locations, Mineral Photos and Data
Discovery of Arsenic Eating Microbe
Searles Lake Gem and Mineral Society
Satellite Photo (Google Maps)
Searles Lake and the Trona Pinnacles - a slideshow
Lakes of the Mojave Desert
Searles Valley
Endorheic lakes of California
Salt flats of California
Lakes of San Bernardino County, California
Lakes of the Great Basin
Former lakes of the United States
California Historical Landmarks
Bureau of Land Management areas in California
Pleistocene California
Lakes of Southern California
Lakes of California
Bazyli Skalski was a printer in Cracow in the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries.
Skalski began their printing career in the Drukarnia Łazarzowa, which had been founded in Cracow in the mid-sixteenth century by Łazarz Andrysowicz. Skalski opened their own printing office in 1605 or 1606. Their most famous print was Simon Syrenius's Zielnik in 1613.
Works published
Seb. Petrycy Horatius w Lirykach. 1609.
Syrenius, Simon. Zielnik. 1613.
1611.
Xeniolum inclyta Civitati Leopoliensi... 1619.
1619.
References
External links
Collection of books printed by Bazyli Skalski in digital library Polona
Polish printers
16th-century Polish people
Polish publishers (people)
Year of birth unknown
The 2020 Colgate Raiders football team represented Colgate University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by seventh-year head coach Dan Hunt and played their home games at Crown Field at Andy Kerr Stadium. They are a member of the Patriot League.
On July 13, 2020, the Patriot League announced that it would cancel its fall sports seasons due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The league announced a spring schedule on February 5, with the first games set to be played on March 13.
Schedule
Colgate had games scheduled against Western Michigan on September 4, and Cornell on October 17, which were later canceled before the start of the 2020 season.
References
Colgate
Colgate Raiders football seasons
Colgate Raiders football
College football winless seasons
Jill Sinclair (5 April 1952 – 22 March 2014) was an English business person and former record company director, a founder of ZTT Records and one of the most influential women in pop music. They have been called "One of the most successful people in the British music business".
Career
In 1973, at the age of 21 Sinclair emerged as one of the founders of Sarm East Studios with their brother John Sinclair, and sound engineers Mike Stone and Gary Lyons. Sarm soon evolved into one of the most technically advanced recording studios in London – essentially the first 24-track studio – and it attracted major artists, like Queen, who recorded A Night at the Opera and A Day at the Races partially at Sarm studios. Other artists who have recorded in Sarm East include Yes, INXS, The Clash and Madonna
Sinclair first started their career as a mathematics teacher, but started working full-time in Sarm studios in 1977, at the age of 25.
In 1978, Sarm studios started a production company called Sarm Productions led by Sinclair, with records such as "Only Feel This Way" produced by their brother John Sinclair for their band Levinsky/Sinclair being one of their early productions. They also started as the manager of their husband Trevor Horn during the time The Buggles split. They convinced Horn to concentrate on music production, and arranged their first production deals with Dollar and ABC.
In 1982 Sinclair and Horn founded Perfect Songs, a publishing company. Next year, together with NME writer Paul Morley they founded ZTT Records which soon boomed into success. Sinclair became ZTT's managing director, while Paul Morley concentrated on marketing duties. In the same year Sinclair and Horn acquired Basing Street Studios from Island Records in exchange for distributing the ZTT label. The studio was renamed Sarm West Studios.
ZTT's first major signing was Frankie Goes to Hollywood, whose hits "Relax" and "Two Tribes" were among the most influential and best-selling singles of the decade. It was the label's second single, Relax, that became the label's first number one in January 1984. Relax stayed in the Top 75 for a full year and ZTT was well and truly established. During the 1980s also Grace Jones and Art of Noise were ZTT acts to chart. In the early days, the label also helped to shape the very structure and format of pop music (its 12" remixes getting chart positions of their own and its T-shirts becoming the uniform of the 80s) and turned every aspect of the business of pop into entertainment.
in 1984, the Horn-Sinclair family businesses were reorganised as SPZ Group, which then consisted of Sarm studios, Perfect Songs and ZTT records.
The latter part of the decade was eclipsed by the bitter legal battle between ZTT and Holly Johnson who fought their way out of the strict, long recording agreement. Similarly, in disagreement, a few other ZTT artists, like Art of Noise and Propaganda left the label.
In 1987 their brother John moved to Israel to become a rabbi and has not been involved in the Sinclair family's music business since the 1990s. That same year, ZTT purchased the bankrupt Stiff records.
During this time ZTT refocused on the emerging dance music scene. Manchester group 808 State would reach the top 10 with their anthemic song Pacific State and three other singles and one album during early nineties. Seal was the next major ZTT act to emerge in 1990.
Personal life
Sinclair was born in London to a Jewish family. They married music producer Trevor Horn in 1980 and they had four children; two sons, Aaron and William and two daughters, Gabriella and Alexandra. Aaron (known in the industry as "Aaron Audio"), like their father, is a musician and producer. They were formerly a member of the band, Sam and the Womp and frequently DJs around London. Both Aaron and Ally Horn are co-directors of Sarm Studios.
Accident, coma and death
On 25 June 2006, while at home from Goldsmiths College, University of London, Aaron was practising with their air rifle, not realising their mother was close by. A 4.5 mm (.17 calibre) air gun pellet accidentally hit Sinclair in the neck, severing an artery and causing irreversible brain damage from hypoxia, leaving only their lower brain functions and no chance for recovery. They were taken to the Royal Berkshire Hospital intensive care unit where their condition was described as "critical but stable". Communication from ZTT Records confirmed on 1 September 2006 that Jill was in a natural coma and had been moved to a rehabilitation centre. In September 2009, Horn told The Times that they preferred not to answer questions about their wife, but confirmed that they were still in a coma.
In June 2012, Horn told The Sunday Times that their wife was not in a coma, but, "She cannot speak, move, or smile. The only expression they can show is of discomfort."
Sinclair died of cancer on 22 March 2014, aged 61.
References
1952 births
2014 deaths
British music industry executives
English Jews
ZTT Records
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century English businesspeople
James Morgan Bartow Bloodworth Jr., F.C.A.P. (February 21, 1925 – September 22, 2006) was an American physician, pathologist, and researcher on diabetes mellitus. They were born in Atlanta on February 21, 1925, to J. M. Bartow Bloodworth, Sr.—an attorney—and Elizabeth (née Dimmock) Bloodworth. Bloodworth died on September 22, 2006 in Madison, Wisconsin.
Education
Bloodworth completed their college studies at Emory University in Atlanta and Stanford University in California, culminating in a B.S. degree from the former school in 1945. Bloodworth also received their M.D. from Emory University in 1948. They served a rotating internship at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in New York City and went on to pursue residency training at Ohio State University (OSU) in Columbus, Ohio.
Professional life
Bloodworth began their academic career as a faculty member at OSU in 1953. In 1962, they accepted a faculty appointment at the University of Wisconsin Medical School (UWMS) in Madison. They worked there for the remainder of their career, attaining the rank of full professor. Bloodworth also served as chief of the laboratory service at the William Shainline Middleton Veterans Hospital (MVH) in Madison until 1989. When a new University of Wisconsin Hospital was opened in 1979, Bloodworth became director of the combined autopsy service at that institution and the MVH. They had become a national consultant on the use of the autopsy as a quality-control procedure in medicine. As the senior forensic pathologist at the UWMS, they were also a consultant to many Wisconsin county coroners.
Bloodworth was an active member of several professional societies, including the American Society for Experimental Pathology, the Endocrine Society, the American Diabetes Association, the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine, and the American Society of Clinical Endocrinology. They served as president of the Wisconsin Society of Pathologists from 1978 to 1980.
Bloodworth was a consistently-active medical school instructor in cardiovascular, renal, and endocrine pathology. They also devoted a great deal of their time to the instruction of pathology residents at the UWMS. In order to augment diagnostic accuracy, Bloodworth introduced the use of electron microscopy at that institution. Bloodworth's personal research interests concerned diabetes mellitus, other endocrine disorders, and renal pathology, and they spoke at many national meetings on those topics. They employed histochemistry and ultrastructural studies to assess lesions of the pancreatic islet cells and blood vessels in patients with diabetes mellitus. In animal models, they were also able to produce changes in the renal glomeruli that recapitulated lesions seen in the kidneys of humans with advanced diabetes. Together with their colleagues, they focused on the causes and prevention of microangiopathy in diabetes mellitus. In particular, their studies of diabetic retinopathy, in collaboration with ophthalmological colleagues at UWMS, defined the progression of changes that eventuate in retinal hemorrhages, plaques, exudates, and other lesions producing visual compromise. Their experimental studies in dogs showed that meticulous control of glucose metabolism could effectively prevent diabetic angiopathy. For their contributions to the field of endocrinology, Bloodworth received the prestigious Eli Lilly Research Award on behalf of the American Diabetes Association in 1963. Bloodworth's professional activities also included other areas of endocrine pathology as well. In 1968, they edited and largely authored the first systematic textbook on the pathology of the endocrine system. That publication was subsequently updated by Bloodworth in 1982 and continued in a third edition, edited by Juan Lechago and Victor Gould.
Personal life and death
Bloodworth married Jean Stone in 1947 and had three daughters with them In 1972, they married Joan Wiltgen and had two more daughters. Bloodworth retired in 1995. They died of cardiovascular disease in September 2006 in Madison, Wisconsin, where they are buried. In addition to their immediate family, Bloodworth was survived by a younger brother, A. W. Franklin Bloodworth, a retired attorney in Atlanta, Georgia.
References
American pathologists
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
1925 births
2006 deaths
American diabetologists
American endocrinologists
Emory University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Ohio State University faculty
People from Atlanta
Writers from Georgia (U.S. state)
Writers from Madison, Wisconsin
Emory University School of Medicine alumni
20th-century American male writers
The Free Church of Tonga (Tongan: Siasi ʻo Tonga Tauʻatāina) is a religious denomination of Methodist extraction in the Kingdom of Tonga. The Church was established in 1885 by King George Tupou I and their government at Lifuka, Ha'apai, as a nationalist reaction to attempts at colonising the Friendly Isles (as Tonga was known at the time). In 1924, its membership was enlarged by the admittance of the entirety of the Wesleyan Church of Tonga, whose district synod voted to reconcile with the Free Church. This union was rejected by the former President, Jabez B. Watkin, and a minority who continued under the old banner long after the united Church had reverted to its original name, the Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga. The Free Church name is now synonymous with the group that repudiated the church union of 1924.
History
Origins
The Church was established in January 1885 by Tupou I at the behest of their chief advisor, Shirley Baker, with its goal being independence from the Wesleyan Methodist Church in Australia and the missionaries, enabling the Tongan Wesleyan Church to administer its own affairs. Originally called the ' Wesleyan Free Church of Tonga' (old Tongan orthography: Koe Jiaji Ueseliana Tauataina o Toga), it became the official state church under George Tupou II, who renamed it the 'Church of Free Tonga' (old Tongan orthography: Koe Jiaji o Toga Tauataina) in 1898, though it remained known as the Free Church worldwide. Jabez B. Watkin, then-Superintendent of Ha'apai and the son of early British Methodist missionary to Tonga and New Zealand, James Watkin, was appointed by George Tupou I as President of the Free Church of Tonga in 1885, and remained so for nearly forty years.
Reunion with the Wesleyans
Queen Salote Tupou III and their son King Taufa'ahau Tupou IV were both christened in the Free Church, which reinforced the its identity as part of the Tongan establishment, as opposed to the unpopular minority of Wesleyan Methodists that still clung to the old relationship with the Australian Church. In 1924, Queen Sālote, who was married to Prince Consort Uiliami Tungī Mailefihi (a Wesleyan Methodist), successfully pushed for a reunion of the Free Church and the Wesleyan remnant. In May of that year, the Church's Annual General Conference was convened by command of the Queen at the Royal Chapel in Nuku'alofa, where they handed Watkin their letter of dismissal. The former president then walked out of the meeting along with 27 other loyal ministers (which was about a fifth of the Free Church clergy), among whom was the Reverend Paula Fonua, and around a sixth of the Church's membership. In their stead, Setaleki Manu (a notable Free Church missionary to Samoa), was appointed to the Presidency.
On 16 May, while the conference was still in session, a procession of Wesleyan ministers (who had unanimously voted in their District Synod to reconcile with the Free Church on the previous day) entered the chapel and joined in their deliberations, a symbol of their resolve to finally restore unity to the Methodist Church in Tonga. A moving conclusion to the General Conference was its united thanksgiving evensong, where key figures from both churches stood up to deliver their apologies for past hostilities and to offer forgiveness for all personal and public slights. The united Conference also passed a resolution to restore the Church's original name, which George Tupou II had amended in 1898.
The Continuing Free Church of Tonga
Following the reunion, Watkin and their followers sought judicial intervention against the newly united Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga. A series of hearings in the Tongan High Court concerning church properties and assets further embittered the relationship between the united church and the schismatics until 1926, when an appeal to the Privy Council culminated on a ruling in favour of the united Church body. This left all properties and assets to the Free Wesleyan Church of Tonga as the legal successor of the original Free Church.
Watkin died in 1925, one year before the Privy Council's decisive ruling, and with the loss of all material ties to the old Church by 1926, their colleagues resolved to put their past allegiances to mainline Methodism behind them. Having found an ideal presidential successor in Robert Gordon-Kirgan, a retired Presbyterian minister from New Zealand, the continuing Free Church ratified necessary amendments to its original constitution that facilitated its decision to strike out anew as the Siasi 'o Tonga Tau'atāina, no longer affiliated with the Free Wesleyan Church, the Australian Methodist Church or any of their associates.
Gordon-Kirgan's attempts to reform the continuing Free Church caused uproar among the denomination's chiefly class, especially annoying the nobleman Lord Fīnau 'Ulukālala of Tu'anuku, Vava'u, who defected with a group of sympathetic ministers to form the Church of Tonga (old Tongan orthography: Koe Jiaji o Toga) in 1928. Eventually falling out with the membership of the Free Church, Gordon-Kirgan retired to New Zealand, being replaced by the asupervisorstioned Paula Fonua, with whose descendants the presidency has since remained. Fonua's great-grandson, the Reverend Semisi Fonua, is the incumbent President of the Free Church of Tonga, succeeding their father, grandfather and great-grandfather before him.
To date, the continuing Free Church of Tonga has districts and congregations both at home and abroad, including countries like New Zealand, Australia, USA, Fiji and American Samoa. The Church has an administration centre at the outskirt of Tonga Central Business District.
Education
The Church operates three high schools, one each in Tongatapu, Haʻapai and Vavaʻu, all named Tailulu College, which were established during Rev. Sione Fonua's administration. The Church also operates two pre-schools in Auckland, New Zealand: Falemasiva and Lou'olive. About 20% of its funds are spent on education.
References
Religious organizations established in 1885
Methodism in Tonga
Nukuʻalofa
1885 establishments in Tonga
Methodist denominations established in the 19th century
Churches in Tonga
Benjamin Eggleston (January 3, 1816 – February 9, 1888) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Life and career
Born in Corinth, New York, Eggleston completed preparatory studies. They moved with their parents to Hocking County, Ohio, in 1831. They moved to Cleveland and worked on a canal boat, later becoming an owner of boats and interested in several companies. They settled in Cincinnati in 1845 and engaged in mercantile pursuits. They were elected presiding officer of the city council of Cincinnati. They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1860. Presidential elector for Lincoln/Hamlin in 1860. They served as member of the Ohio Senate 1862–1865.
Eggleston was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Congresses (March 4, 1865 – March 3, 1869). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1868 to the Forty-first Congress. They again served in the Ohio Senate in 1880 and 1881. They resumed mercantile pursuits. They died in Cincinnati, Ohio, February 9, 1888. They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Sources
1816 births
1888 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
People from Corinth, New York
Ohio Republicans
Cincinnati City Council members
Ohio state senators
1860 United States presidential electors
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
People from Hocking County, Ohio
19th-century American politicians
To What Red Hell is a 1929 British crime film directed by Edwin Greenwood and starring Sybil Thorndike, Bramwell Fletcher and Janice Adair. Made at Twickenham Studios, it was one of the earliest all-talking sound films to be produced in Britain.
It was released in the United States by Tiffany Pictures.
Cast
Sybil Thorndike as Mrs. Fairfield
John Hamilton as Harold Fairfield
Bramwell Fletcher as Jim Nolan
Jillian Sand as Eleanor Dunham
Janice Adair as Madge Barton
Arthur Pusey as George Hope
Athole Stewart as Mr. Fairfield
Drusilla Wills as Mrs. Ellis
Wyn Weaver as Dr. Barton
Matthew Boulton as Inspector Jackson
Sara Allgood
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1918–1929. George Allen & Unwin, 1971.
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927-1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
1929 films
British crime films
Films directed by Edwin Greenwood
1929 crime films
Films shot at Twickenham Film Studios
British black-and-white films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
TNF receptor-associated factor 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TRAF2 gene.
Function
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the TNF receptor associated factor (TRAF) protein family. TRAF proteins associate with, and mediate the signal transduction from members of the TNF receptor superfamily. This protein directly interacts with TNF receptors, and forms complexes with other TRAF proteins. TRAF2 is required for TNF-alpha-mediated activation of MAPK8/JNK and NF-κB. The protein complex formed by TRAF2 and TRAF1 interacts with the IAP family members cIAP1 and cIAP2, and functions as a mediator of the anti-apoptotic signals from TNF receptors. The interaction of this protein with TRADD, a TNF receptor associated apoptotic signal transducer, ensures the recruitment of IAPs for the direct inhibition of caspase activation. cIAP1 can ubiquitinate and induce the degradation of this protein, and thus potentiate TNF-induced apoptosis. Multiple alternatively spliced transcript variants have been found for this gene, but the biological validity of only one transcript has been determined.
Interactions
TRAF2 has been shown to interact with:
ASK1,
BCL10,
BIRC2,
Baculoviral IAP repeat-containing protein 3,
CASP8AP2,
CD134,
CD137,
CD27,
CD40,
CFLAR,
CHUK,
Caveolin 1,
EDARADD,
HIVEP3,
IKK2,
Low affinity nerve growth factor receptor,
MAP3K14,
MAP3K1,
MAP3K7IP2,
MAP4K2,
MAP4K5,
RANK,
RIPK1,
SPHK1,
TANK,
TANK-binding kinase 1,
TNFAIP3,
TNFRSF13B,
TNFRSF14,
TNFRSF1A,
TNFRSF1B,
TNFSF14,
TRADD,
TRAF interacting protein,
TRAF1, and
UBE2N.
Model organisms
Model organisms have been used in the study of TRAF2 function. A conditional knockout mouse line called Traf2tm1a(EUCOMM)Wtsi was generated at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute. Male and female animals underwent a standardized phenotypic screen to determine the effects of deletion. Additional screens performed: - In-depth immunological phenotyping
References
Further reading
`Jawga Boyz is an American country rap group formed in Athens, Georgia in 2003. The current lineup is D Thrash, BoonDock, Cornbread, Dez, Chris Hood, Sloppy Jones, and Dreadneck. They have released four studio albums including 2014's Tailgate Music, which debuted at number 155 on the Billboard 200, number 22 on the Country Albums chart and number 17 on the Rap Albums chart. Steve Leggett of AllMusic gave Tailgate Music a favorable review, writing that it "keeps the fun and quality up, showing once again what this Dirty South hip-hop country rock thing is all about, and doing it all with engaging energy and intensity."
In 2013, Thrasher wrote and recorded a song with Joe Diffie, "Girl Ridin' Shotgun". In response to Jason Aldeans song "1994"
Discography
Albums
References
External links
Country music groups from Georgia (U.S. state)
American hip hop groups
Country rap musicians
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups from Athens, Georgia
John Ramon III Folch de Cardona i de Prades, (9 January 1418 – 1485), was a Catalan nobleman. John Ramon's titles included Count of Prades (4th), Count of Cardona, Viscount of Vilamur, Baron of Entença, Admiral of Aragon, Captain-general of Catalonia as well as Viceroy of Sicily from 1477 to 1479.
Their parents were John Ramon II, 3rd Count of Cardona (14 June 14001471) and Joana de Prades, heiress of Prades and Entenza. John Ramon III became the sixth count of Prades and viscount of Vilamur upon the resignation of their father in 1445. Upon the death of their father in 1471, they inherited the County of Cardona.
Biography
John Ramon III was ambassador to the pope for Alfonso V of Aragon and actively participated in the Cortes from 1449 to 1455.
Shortly before beginning of the Catalan Civil War, John Ramon joined King John II of Aragon's army and was made Captain-General. For their service they were awarded the Sicilian town of Alì Terme in 1463. After the Catalan war, John Ramon accompanied Ferran, Prince of Girona to the campaign of Roussillon. They went on to fight against French troops in the Ampurdan area at battle of Besós.
As Viceroy of Sicily (1477–79), John Ramon moved to Italy accompanied by the infanta Joana, where they repressed the revolt of Leonard de Alagon and Arborea in Sardinia.
In 1479, John Ramon returned to Catalonia and was the trusted advisor of the new king Ferdinand II of Aragon, whom they counseled for years. In 1484 the king entrusted them as Captain-general of the campaigns against the count of Pallars and against the serfs of Pere Joan Sala.
John Ramon III died in 1485.
Family
In 1445, John Ramon III married the dowager countess of Foix, Joana de Urgell i Arago, daughter of James II, Count of Urgell and their wife Isabel of Aragon. They were the widow of John I, Count of Foix.
Their children were:
James of Cardona
Juan Ramón Folc IV de Cardona
Catalina de Cardona.
Their second wife Elisabet de Cabrera, brought them the revenues of the viscounties of Cabrera and Bas when their father-in-law, Bernat Joan de Cabrera died in 1466. However, John Ramon III had to renounce these properties, to please King John II of Aragon, who divided these spoils between de Sarriera and de Armendaris to pay for their 1471 defection. As compensation, the king of Aragon made count John Ramon III one of the three tenants of the generalitet.
Juan Ramón Folc IV de Cardona
Note: sometimes John Ramón Folc or John Ramón Folch
Juan Ramón (1446 - 29 January 1513 Arbeca - Lérida) was Admiral and grand constable of Catalonia and Aragón. They married Aldonza Enríquez in 1467 and they had 14 children; among them:[see each for any further refs]
Fernando Ramon Folch, 2nd Duke of Cardona (c. 1469 - 1543), and several other titles.
Antonio Folc de Cardona y Enriquez - Viceroy of Sardinia, 1534 - 1549
Juana Cardona Y Enriquez (died 1547) - married 1503 to Antonio Manrique de Lara, 2nd Duke of Nájera
Isabel de Cardona y Enríquez de Quiñones (1467 - 1513) - married in Arbeca, 1503, to Alonso Felipe de Aragón y Gurrea, II Duke of Luna
They were awarded the title Duke of Cardona (1st) in 1491 by King Ferdinand II of Aragón.
1418 births
1485 deaths
Counts of Spain
Viceroys of Sicily
William Hailey Willis (April 29, 1916, Meridian, Mississippi – July 13, 2000, Durham, North Carolina) was an American classicist and a leading twentieth century papyrologist.
Early life
Willis was the son of William W. Willis and Clara B. (Hailey) Willis. They married Rachel E. (Hamilton) Willis on December 20, 1943, in Meridian, MS.
Scholarly career
Willis was educated at Mississippi College (B.A.), Columbia University (M.A.), and Yale University (Ph.D.). Willis was a professor of Classics at the University of Mississippi from 1946 until 1963, when they relocated to Duke University.
Willis' decision to change institutions in 1963 was related, in part, to the strife that surrounded racial integration at the University of Mississippi, a cause that they had both supported and advanced. In 1973 Willis served as president of the American Philological Association. They were awarded a Guggenheim fellowship in 1980.
Willis' scholarly career included extensive work on papyrology and they published numerous papers dealing with ancient papyri.
They were instrumental in building the papyrus collection now housed at the David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library at Duke University and in advancing the efforts of the papyrus research center, then called the Duke Databank of Documentary Papyri, They were credited with producing an electronic edition of the Duke Data Bank of Documentary Papyri that was disseminated on CD-ROM by the Packard Humanities Institute. At Duke Willis also served as editor of the journal Greek, Roman, and Byzantine Studies.
Scholarship
(with Klaus Maresch) 1988. “The Encounter of Alexander with the Brahmans: New Fragments of the Cynic Diatribe P.Genev.inv. 271,” ZPE 74:59–83.
1988. “Oxyrhynchite Documents among the Robinson Papyri,” BASP 25:99–127.
1990. “A New Fragment of the Bodmer Aspis,” Recherches et rencontres 2:167–171.
1990. “The Letter of Peter (1 Peter): Coptic text, translation, notes and variant readings,” in J. E. Goehring et al., The Crosby-Schøyen Codex (= CSCO 521, Subsidia 85 [Louvain 1990]) 135–215.
1990. “The Robinson-Cologne Papyrus of Achilles Tatius,” GRBS 31:73–102.
1991. “Comoedia Dukiana,” GRBS 32:331–353.
(with Klaus Maresch) 1997. The Archive of Ammon Scholasticus of Panopolis: The Legacy of Harpocration(=Pap.Colon. 26.1 [Opladen 1997].
Necrology
Notice published in Greek, Roman, and Byzantine Studies
References
External links
Classical scholars of the University of Mississippi
Mississippi College alumni
Columbia University alumni
Yale University alumni
1916 births
2000 deaths
American classical scholars
The women's 3000 metres steeplechase event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Steeplechase at the African Championships in Athletics
The Macchi M.17 was an Italian racing flying boat built by Macchi for the 1922 Schneider Trophy race.
Design and development
The M.17 was the first purpose-built racing seaplane that Macchi company designer Alessandro Tonini designed. It was a single-seat flying boat powered by a 186-kilowatt (250-horsepower) Isotta Fraschini V.6 engine mounted on the upper wing on N struts and driving a two-bladed propeller in a pusher configuration.
Operational history
Macchi built two M.17 aircraft, one of which (I-BAHG) took third place in the 1922 Schneider Trophy race with Arturo Zanetti at the controls. It posted an average speed of 225 kilometers per hour (140 miles per hour).
The other M.17, I-BAFV flown by Piero Corgnolino, placed fourth.
Operators
Regia Marina
Specifications
See also
Notes
References
El Trofeo Schneider (Aviones de carreras) (Spanish)
LetLetLet Warplanes: The Schneider Trophy racers
1920s Italian sport aircraft
M.17
Flying boats
Schneider Trophy
Biplanes
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1922
Proud: An Urban Pacific Streetsoul Compilation is a 1994 New Zealand hip hop and R&B compilation album. It was released in New Zealand by Second Nature Records and in Australia by Volition Records, and later rereleased in New Zealand by Huh! Records in 2000. Proud has been described as "one of the most important NZ releases in the past decades" by New Zealand music industry figure Simon Grigg.
Background
The album had its origins with the work of record producer Alan Jansson. In their Freemans Bay recording studio, Uptown Studios, they were impressed with the young hip hop and R&B acts from South Auckland and West Auckland who were recording at the studio, and the initial success of the resulting singles. Encouraged by Andrew Penhallow of Australian label Volition Records, Jansson started work on a compilation album to showcase the new musical talent of Auckland.
While the album was based around hip hop and R&B music, Jansson's production emphasised the Pacific sounds of the songs - log drumming, ukuleles and 'Maori strumming', though some performers felt their songs did not sound American enough. Breaking from the urban styles of the rest of the album, the final two tracks featured acoustic log drumming ("Pacific Beats") and an a cappella version of the New Zealand national anthem. The resulting album was received well in both New Zealand and Australia.
Proud tour
In 1994, Phil Fuemana organised the national Proud tour, in order to promote the acts featured on the album. Fuemana described it as "like a modern version of Motown – taking the talent and travelling around the country with it." The tour included the Otara Millionaires Club (and singer Sina) and Sisters Underground. The tour lost money, but boosted the profile of the featured acts.
Legacy
The main breakout act from Proud was the Otara Millionaires Club. The following year, as the OMC, Pauly Fuemana had a worldwide hit single with "How Bizarre". Hip hop duo Sisters Underground had two tracks on the album, including "In the Neighbourhood", which is now regarded as a landmark single for both in the emerging South Auckland music scene of the 1990s and for New Zealand music as a whole. Musician and producer Phil Fuemana made a heavy contribution to Proud and continued their work with the South Auckland music scene, developing the urban Pasifika sound. Hip hop performers Herman Loto (Ermehn) and Sani Sagala (Dei Hamo) later had local success with their solo work.
The album is now considered a hallmark of New Zealand music, and was one of the featured albums in music journalist Nick Bollinger's 2009 book 100 Essential New Zealand Albums.
In 2022 Alan Jansson won the Taite Music Prize's Independent Music NZ Classic Record award for the album.
Charting singles
Two singles from the album charted in the New Zealand singles chart.
Track listing
References
External links
Proud listing at Discogs
Essential NZ Albums: Proud - An Urban-Pacific Streetsoul Compilation profile (Radio NZ National)
Compilation albums by New Zealand artists
1994 compilation albums
Hip hop compilation albums
Harvey Richardson (April 5, 1885 – December 30, 1946) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey Association.
References
1885 births
1946 deaths
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Nova Scotia
People from Sydney, Nova Scotia
Quebec Bulldogs (NHA) players
Sportspeople from the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
is a railway station on the Ube Line in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Lines
Kusae Station is served by the Ube Line.
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1923
Georgino M'Vondo Ze (born 12 August 1997) is a Central African professional footballer who plays as a forward for Angoulême and the Central African Republic national team.
Career
M'Vondo has played in the Championnat National 3, first with Saint-Apollinair, then followed by stints at Avallonnais, and Is-Selongey. In January 2020, they signed with Gueugnon.
International career
In May 2021, M'Vondo was called up for the first time to represent the Central African Republic national team. They made their debut in a friendly 2–0 loss to Rwanda on 4 June 2021.
References
External links
FDB Profile
1997 births
Living people
People from Bangui
Central African Republic footballers
Central African Republic international footballers
Association football forwards
FC Gueugnon players
Championnat National 3 players
Central African Republic expatriate footballers
Central African Republic expatriates in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Maxton Historic District is a national historic district located at Maxton, Robeson County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 49 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential sections of Maxton. It includes buildings built between about 1884 to 1948 in a variety of popular architectural styles including Classical Revival. Notable buildings include the Cape Fear and Yadkin Valley (CF&YV) Railroad Freight Warehouse (c. 1884), Maxton Union Station (1913), Seaboard Air Line Railroad warehouse and office (c. 1915), First Presbyterian Church (1906), St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church (1906) designed by architect Henry E. Bonitz, Gilbert Patterson Law Office (c. 1885), A.J. MacKinnon House, and the R.L. MacLeod House.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Robeson County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Robeson County, North Carolina
Abdelkader Belmokhtar (born 5 March 1987) is an Algerian professional racing cyclist. In 2015 they won the Algerian National Time Trial Championships.
Major results
2007
2nd Overall Tour des Aéroports
1st Stages 1 & 6
2008
1st Mountains classification Coupe des nations Ville Saguenay
6th Tour de Berne
2013
9th Overall Tour d'Algérie
2015
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
3rd Overall La Tropicale Amissa Bongo
1st African rider classification
4th Overall Tour de Constantine
4th Grand Prix d'Oran
5th Overall Tour International de la Wilaya d'Oran
African Games
6th Time trial
8th Road race
7th Overall Tour d'Annaba
2016
2nd Critérium International de Sétif
5th Overall Tour de Blida
6th Overall Tour de Constantine
2017
African Road Championships
2nd Team time trial
10th Road race
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Algerian male cyclists
People from Boufarik
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
21st-century Algerian people
Vineetha is a former Indian actor, who appeared predominantly in Tamil films and Malayalam films. They have also acted in some Kannada, Telugu and Hindi films. They made their debut through the Tamil film Chinna Jameen (1993).
Career
The actor was arrested in 2003 on suspicion of prostitution but was later cleared in 2004 with no charges, with Vineetha stating the trial had put them through mental agony and they added that the police had filed a false case against them to malign their name in the society. After taking a break from the industry for eight years, they returned in 2008 to play a supporting role in the low-budget drama Enga Raasi Nalla Raasi. They have acted in over 70 films in most of the major Indian languages.
Notable filmography
References
External links
Actresses from Tamil Nadu
Indian film actores
Living people
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Tamil cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Place of birth missing (living people)
Actresses in Hindi cinema
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
Actresses in Kannada cinema
1978 births
Tybroughney, statutory spelling Tibberaghny (), is a civil parish in the barony of Iverk, County Kilkenny in Ireland. The parish comprises a single townland, also called Tibberaghny. It lies on the north bank of the River Suir facing County Waterford, while the Lingaun river separates it from County Tipperary to the west.
Name
The name Tiobra Fhachna means "well of Saint Fachtna", who was at Lismore Abbey in the seventh century. Various anglicised spellings include Tibberaghny, Tiberaghny, Tipperaghny, Tybroughney, Tyburoughny, Tibroughny, Tybrachny.
History
Saint Fachtna's well, the holy well from which the townland is named, lies near the ruined former parish church. Saint Modomnoc reputedly lived as a hermit in the area in the sixth century, and a pattern was celebrated there on 13 February, their feast day. The church was built before the Norman invasion of Ireland, and the parish formerly belonged to the Diocese of Lismore rather than the Diocese of Ossory. A pillar in the churchyard is carved in the style of a Celtic high cross, of which it may be a remnant. In the Church of Ireland the parish was united to Whitechurch parish by 1821, and in 1833 both were among five civil parishes in the benefice of Fiddown. In the Irish Catholic church it is part of Templeorum parish.
The site is at the limit of access upstream on the Suir for medieval sea-going vessels. A Viking settlement here was destroyed in 980. Prince John of England built a castle here in 1185, shortly after the Norman invasion, to guard the northern border of Waterford. John's castle may have been built on the site of the extant Tybroughney Castle built in the 15th century, or a motte-and-bailey on a now-empty height near by. The parish was in County Tipperary as late as 1536, but had been transferred to County Kilkenny by 1649.
Population
Censuses recorded population by townland until 1911.
Transport
The section of the N24 road between Carrick-on-Suir and Piltown runs through the north of the townland. Further south is the Limerick–Rosslare railway line, between Carrick-on-Suir station and Waterford station. (The nearer station at Fiddown closed in 1964.)
Footnotes
References
Civil parishes of County Kilkenny
Townlands of County Kilkenny
Holy wells in Ireland
The Banggai Archipelago () is a group of islands, which are located at the far eastern end of Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. It makes up a regency (kabupaten) of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, created in 1999 by splitting the existing Banggai Regency into a new Banggai Regency situated on the mainland of Sulawesi (capital, Luwuk) and a Banggai Islands Regency then comprising the entire archipelago (with its capital at Banggai town). In December 2014 a further splitting of the Regency was the removal of the more southerly seven districts (including Banggai Island itself, together with smaller islands to its southwest and southeast) to form a new Banggai Laut Regency.
The reduced Banggai Islands Regency thus comprises the main island of Peleng together with various small offshore islands. It covers an area of 2,488.79 km2 and has a population of 109,384 at the 2010 census and 120,142 at the 2020 Census; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 121,684. The archipelago is surrounded by the Banda Sea's Gulf of Tolo (Teluk Tolo), and the Molucca Sea. The Peleng Straits (Selat Peleng) separate it from mainland Sulawesi.
Administrative Districts
The Banggai Islands Regency is divided into twelve districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census, together with the official estimates as at mid 2021. The table also includes the location of the district headquarters, the numbers of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan, totalling 141 and 3 respectively) and of offshore islands in each district, and its postal codes.
Notes: (a) including kelurahan of Salakan. (b) including kelurahan of Bulagi (town). (c) including kelurahan of Sabang.
Transportation
Merpati Nusantara Airlines served the islands from Palu (the capital of Central Sulawesi Province). There is also a bus service via Luwuk and thence by boat or ship to Banggai.
Endangered Banggai Cardinalfish
The Banggai Islands is home to the Banggai cardinalfish. This species has an extremely limited geographic range (5,500 km2) and small total population size (estimated at 2.4 million). The Banggai cardinalfish is composed of isolated populations concentrated around the shallows of 17 large and 10 small islands within the Banggai Archipelago.
It is threatened by extinction due to collection for the aquarium trade.
Climate
Salakan has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with moderate rainfall from August to January and heavy rainfall from February to July.
References
The 1968 Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election took place on 26 May 1968. The legislature was expanded to five years following the creation of the ordinary regions.
Events
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party which came second. After the election Alfredo Berzanti, the incumbent Christian Democratic President, formed a government with the Italian Socialist Party and the Republicans (organic Centre-left).
Results
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Cjargne Online
References
Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1968 elections in Italy
Albrecht Werner Hofmann, ForMemRS, (born 1939) is Emeritus Professor at the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry and an adjunct professor at Columbia University.
Education
Hofmann studied geology and geochemistry in Freiburg in Germany, and received their PhD degree at Brown University.
Career and research
After working at the Carnegie Institution for Science in Washington, D.C., they were appointed Director at the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry, Mainz, Germany, in 1980, to lead the new Department of Geochemistry. They have been Emeritus in Mainz and Visiting Senior Research Scientist at Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University since 2007.
Hofmann uses trace elements and isotopic compositions of basalts to study the composition and evolution of Earth's mantle. They recognized "canonical" trace element ratios as tools to distinguish recycling processes of ancient oceanic and continental crust through the mantle and showed that the chemical heterogeneity of the mantle is dominated by recycled ocean crust.
Awards and honours
Among the awards they received are the Goldschmidt Medal of the Geochemical Society, the Hess Medal of the American Geophysical Union, and the Urey Medal of the European Association of Geochemistry. They have been a foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States since 1999. They were elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Society in 2018.
References
1939 births
Living people
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Fellows of the American Geophysical Union
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Brown University alumni
Turnpike Troubadours is an American country music band from Tahlequah, Oklahoma founded in 2005. They started their own imprint, Bossier City Records, in 2007 and have released five studio albums. Their self-titled 2015 album peaked at number 17 on the Billboard 200.
Career
The band was formed in 2007, with original members including Evan Felker and R.C. Edwards. Their debut album Bossier City was recorded a month after the formation of the band, in order to have a recording to sell at live shows. Felker later said the musical arrangements were "not a good representation" of what the band later became. Diamonds & Gasoline followed in 2010.
The songs "Easton and Main" and "Bossier City" were re-recorded for their 2015 self-titled album. Turnpike Troubadours' most recent album, A Long Way from Your Heart, was released in October 2017 and peaked at number three on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
On May 31, 2019, the band hit an indefinite hiatus. Two years later, on November 24, 2021, the band's Instagram was cleaned of all previous posts and their website, www.turnpiketroubadours.com, read simply "Coming Soon" with what appeared to be a black band logo on an orange background. Since then, the website has been updated.
Later in November 2021, the band announced its reunion and return to touring, with a show at Red Rocks Amphitheatre announced for May 2022.
Discography
Studio albums
Music videos
References
External links
Official website
2007 establishments in Oklahoma
American country music groups
Country music groups from Oklahoma
Musical groups established in 2007
Thirty Tigers artists
Nikolay Yevgeniyevich Larionov (; born 19 January 1957, in Volkhov) is a Russian former football player and current manager. As of 2009, they are an assistant coach with the reserves team of FC Zenit St. Petersburg.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1984.
International career
Larionov made their debut for USSR on March 23, 1983 in a friendly against France. They scored 2 goals for the national team, including a goal against Portugal in a UEFA Euro 1984 qualifier. They participated in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
External links
RST
KLISF
SPD
1957 births
Living people
People from Volkhov
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet expatriate footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Soviet expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Finland
1986 FIFA World Cup players
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg players
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
Soviet Top League players
Russian football managers
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
GBK Kokkola players
Sportspeople from Leningrad Oblast
Coldwater Peak is a mountain summit located in Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest, in Skamania County of southwest Washington state. It is situated in the Cascade Range, northwest of Spirit Lake, and east of Coldwater Lake. Its nearest higher neighbor is Mount Margaret, to the northeast, and Mount St. Helens rises to the south. Precipitation runoff from Coldwater Peak drains into Coldwater Creek, a tributary of the North Fork Toutle River. The mountain takes its name from this creek, and was officially adopted in 1983 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. A trail provides access to the summit, the site of the former Coldwater Lookout from 1935 to 1968, and now is a site for research instruments.
Geology
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to various climate differences. During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured and shaped the landscape. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity occurred. The lateral blast from the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was pointed straight toward Coldwater Peak and stripped the vegetation from the slopes. Due to Mount Saint Helens' proximity to Coldwater Peak, volcanic ash is common in the area.
Climate
Coldwater Peak is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades. As a result, the west side of the Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing this peak.
See also
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Weather forecast: Coldwater Peak
Hiking Coldwater Peak trail: US Forest Service
Coldwater Peak lookout: 1966 photo
Coldwater Peak from Johnston Ridge Observatory: Commons photo
Cascade Range
Mountains of Skamania County, Washington
Mountains of Washington (state)
Gifford Pinchot National Forest
North American 1000 m summits
Shahenda is the first Emirati novel by the Emirati writer Rashid Abdullah Al Nuaimi.
Story
The novel discusses the story about a very beautiful girl called Shahenda which everyone desires. However, they and their parents were kidnapped by slavers and get sold and from here Shahenda story begins, and everyone tries to get them The novel is inspired from real life in detailed about slave trade and women in the United Arab Emirates. Through showing the life of a slave girl called Shahenda that was kidnapped by merchants from their country and got sold in Emirates. Shahenda is a fully feminine 17-year-old girl who visited one of the cities on the country in search of livelihood and got caught by a slaver who gave themselves the right to be their owner and sold them to humans. After a period, when they become older enough to take revenge from those who enslaved them As they became known by (Home wrecker) just to take revenge on a society that they see as a victim of them because they freed them before him.
Heritage
The Department of Culture in Ajman revived on Shahenda's novel. However, it focused on the place in Gulf novel as it was represented in organizing a conference bearing the name of the novel (First session) on 06-12-2009, Ajman.
References
1971 novels
20th-century Arabic books
Arabic-language novels
Emirati novels
Dave Rummells (born January 26, 1958) is an American professional golfer.
Born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Rummell was raised in West Branch, played college golf at the University of Iowa, and turned professional in 1981.
Rummells played on the PGA Tour from 1986 to 1994, and their best finish was second at the Buick Invitational of California in 1993. They twice finished in the top-10 in a major, both at the PGA Championship: fifth in 1989 and tied for sixth in 1988.
Rummells played on both the PGA Tour and Web.com Tour from 1995 to 2007. They won two events on the Web.com Tour (then the Nike Tour): the 1996 Nike South Carolina Classic and the 1997 Nike Knoxville Open. After turning 50 in 2008, they played on the Champions Tour and their best finish was in their first event: T-20 at the Regions Charity Classic in 2008.
Professional wins (2)
Nike Tour wins (2)
Results in major championships
Note: Rummells never played in The Open Championship.
CUT = missed the half way cut
WD = withdrew
"T" indicates a tie for a place
See also
1985 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1990 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1992 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1996 Nike Tour graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Iowa
Golfers from Florida
University of Iowa alumni
Sportspeople from Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Sportspeople from Greater Orlando
People from West Branch, Iowa
People from Kissimmee, Florida
1958 births
Living people
The Maduru Oya Solar Power Station is a proposed floating solar photovoltaic power station to be built over - or 2%, of the Maduru Oya Reservoir. Following the cabinet approval in 2017, the Ministry of Science and Technology has allocated for obtaining of required equipment and materials for a prototype training project.
On 9 April 2019, the Ministry of Power and Renewable Energy and the Canadian Commercial Corporation signed a memorandum of cooperation for the joint development of the facility, which is expected to complete by November 2019. The power station is also expected to be the first such facility to utilise energy storage in the country.
See also
List of power stations in Sri Lanka
References
Solar power stations in Sri Lanka
Buildings and structures in Ampara District
Ghaniabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67,933, in 16,890 families. The rural district has 8 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Ray County, Iran
"Dingue, dingue, dingue" is a 2009 song recorded by French singer Christophe Maé. It was the lead single from their third studio album On trace la route, and their eighth single overall. An official statement from their label Warner Music announced the single would be released to radio stations on 27 November 2009 after a CD promo was sent. It was later released digitally on 7 December and physically on 25 January 2010. It achieved success in France, being Maé's second number one hit single after "On s'attache" in 2007.
Music and video
Le Parisien stated the song is "rhythmic and effective". According to Maé, "it is music that comes from the heart, rather spontaneous in the composing."
The music video illustrates the difficulty of reconciling love and friendship. It shows Maé declaring their love to their girlfriend who does not like their friends, with whom they lived, however. To try to keep her, they try to do all what they can. In fact, they delight in this situation because all this finally allows them to spend more time with their friends. Maé said "it is tongue-in-cheek of course". The song was performed on television for the first time in the NRJ Music Awards show.
Chart performances
"Dingue, dingue, dingue" achieved success on the French Singles Chart. It entered directly at number one on 30 January 2010 selling 10,970 units, and stayed for a total of three weeks atop. In Belgium (Wallonia), the single debuted at number 22 on 19 December 2009 with downloads only and reached a peak of number four in the sixteenth week on the Ultratop 50. In Switzerland, the single had a moderate success, reaching number 30.
In France, the song sold 43,384 units and 94,515 downloads in 2010.
Track listings
CD single / Digital download
CD single - Promo
Charts
Peak positions
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one hits of 2010 (France)
References
2009 songs
2010 singles
Christophe Maé songs
SNEP Top Singles number-one singles
Songs written by Lionel Florence
Badostáin is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 342.
Geography
Badostáin is located 6km east-southeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Anthony Hashem is an American filmmaker from Jacksonville, Florida, who first made national and international headlines as the director and co-writer of the film "Mile High- The Comeback of Cannabis", a comedy documentary on the historic Colorado vote to legalize adult use marijuana. Hashem debuted their film at the historic Mayan Theater in Denver where free cannabis was legally given to all attendees over 21 at the premiere per the new law documented in the film.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Telegdy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ádám Telegdy (born 1995), Hungarian swimmer
György Telegdy (born 1927), Hungarian basketball player
István Telegdy (1927–2013), Hungarian sailor and trainer
János Telegdy (1575–1647), Hungarian Roman Catholic prelate
Nathaniel Arcand (born November 13, 1971) is a Canadian actor.  They are known for their first major role in the Canadian drama series North of 60, in which for three seasons they played William MacNeil, smart-mouthed and cocky, a troubled, misunderstood teen. In 1997, they were nominated for a Gemini Award in the category "Best Performance by an Actor in a Featured Supporting Role in a Dramatic Series" for the North of 60 episode "Traces and Tracks."
Life and career
They were raised in Edmonton, Alberta.  They are Nēhilawē (Plains Cree), from the Alexander First Nation Reserve. Essential supports throughout their life are Nathaniel's mother and their great grandparents. Nathaniel has one daughter, Trisha O'Chiese, and two sons, Jaden Plaizier and Griffin Powell-Arcand. Griffin is also an actor.
Arcand's most recent role is Clinton Skye in FBI: Most Wanted, an American TV Series on CBS. One of Arcand's longest running roles is that of Scott Cardinal on the CBC series Heartland. Also in television, Nathaniel portrays Victor Merasty on Blackstone, "an unmuted exploration of First Nations' power and politics" set in a small Plains Cree community. In one of their latest film roles, Arcand portrays Nathan in the comedic drama Two Indians Talking, which won the 2010 Vancouver International Film Festival Most Popular Canadian Film Award.
Filmography
Films
Television
Awards and recognition
Best Supporting Actor, American Indian Film Festival 2005 for Johnny Tootall
Performing Arts Award, Aboriginal Role Models of Alberta 2006
Best Actor Nomination, Winnipeg Aboriginal Film Festival 2010 for Two Indians Talking
Best Actor Nomination, American Indian Motion Picture 2010 for Two Indians Talking
Trivia
Nathaniel Arcand is a lead character in both the film Two Indians Talking by director Sara McIntyre and in the television series Blackstone. In both the film and the television series, they share the screen with two of the same actors: Carmen Moore and Justin Rain.
References
External links
Kiss Dust Pictures
Blackstone Official Website
Nathaniel Arcand's profile at Northernstars.ca
Arcand's profile in Native Threads
Article about Arcand in I Heart Edmonton blog
Nathaniel Arcand Official Fansite 1
Nathaniel Arcand Official Fansite 2
Nathaniel Arcand on IMDB
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
First Nations male actors
Cree people
Living people
1971 births
Male actors from Edmonton
Alison L. Van Eenennaam is a Cooperative Extension Specialist in the Department of Animal Science at the University of California, Davis and runs the Animal Genomics and Biotechnology Laboratory. They have served on national committees such as the USDA National Advisory Committee on Biotechnology in the 21st Century (AC21) and was awarded the 2014 Borlaug CAST Communication Award. Van Eenennaam writes the Biobeef Blog.
Education
Van Eenennaam began their university career at the University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia in 1987, receiving a BS (Honors) degree in Agricultural Science. They received a Master of Science degree in Animal Science in 1990, and a Ph.D in Genetics in 1997, both from University of California, Davis.
Career
Van Eenennaam began their work in animal science as an intern at Genetic Resources Inc.'s Bovine Reproduction Facility in San Marcos, Texas in 1984. From 1991 to 1993 they worked as a livestock and dairy farm advisor for the UC Cooperative Extension in the San Joaquin and Sacramento Counties of California. From 1998 to 2002, following the completion of their Ph.D degree, Van Eenennaam worked for Calgene (purchased by Monsanto Corporation in 1997) in Davis, California, first as a research scientist, and then as a project leader. Since 2002, Van Eenennaam has been a Cooperative Extension Specialist in the field of Animal Genomics and Biotechnology in the Department of Animal Science at University of California, Davis.
They have served on several national committees including the USDA National Advisory Committee on Biotechnology and 21st Century Agriculture, (2005–2009), and was a temporary voting member of the 2010 FDA Veterinary Medicine Advisory Committee meeting on the AquAdvantage salmon, the first genetically engineered animal to be evaluated for entry into the food supply.
Research
The mission of Van Eenennaam's animal biotechnology lab is to "provide research and education on the use of animal genomics and biotechnology in livestock production systems", with a focus on beef cattle production.
Van Eenennaam's biotechnology lab at UC Davis is working on a collaborative project focused on the production of hornless dairy cattle through gene editing on a USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture grant. This project involves using a gene sequence from Angus cattle in the genome of dairy cattle to prevent horns from growing. Van Eenennaam stated that the use of genetics rather than chemicals to solve problems can address some of the animal welfare concerns and environmental impacts of animal production. In October, 2016, this project was featured on Science Friday. Funding sources for this research and extension program are found on Van Eenennaam's public website.
Van Eenennaam was appointed to the Food and Drug Administration Veterinary Medicine Advisory Committee evaluating the AquAdvantage salmon, a genetically engineered fish. A paper, authored in 2006 by Van Eenennaam with Paul Olin of University of California Cooperative Extension Sea Grant, discussed transgenic fish. The paper cites a number of benefits of genetically engineered fish, including a larger number of eggs laid per female, a low probability of carrying human pathogens, strong markets for aquaculture, and increased feed-conversion efficiency. This paper also describes the risk factor that these fish could escape breeding locations and mix with wild fish populations.
In 2014 Van Eenennaam co-authored a review article on the use of genetically modified feed for cattle. The data represented more than 100 billion animals in 29 studies and found "GMO feed is safe and nutritionally equivalent to non-GMO feed".
Science outreach
Van Eenennaam won two awards from American Society of Animal Science. One was for the 2013 video Gene Shop, a five-minute parody of Macklemore's “Thrift Shop” in which Dr. Van Eenennaam and UC Davis students engagingly emphasize the importance of funding for agricultural research. The second award was for the 2012 video Were Those the Days My friend?, a take on a ballad from the 1960s that highlights the importance of genetic advances for improved production efficiency and food security. This competition was designed to further the "goal of sharing the importance of animal science with the public".
Additional YouTube videos on biotechnology topics are linked to the BioBeef Blog written by Van Eenennaam in order "to try to interject scientific nuance into these controversial and often politicized scientific topics". Van Eenennaam participated in the 2014 Intelligence Squared debate on the topic of genetically modify food.
In 2014, Van Eenennaam was awarded the Borlaug CAST Communication Award by the Council for Agricultural Science and Technology (CAST), named after agricultural biologist and 1970 Nobel Peace Prize winner Norman Borlaug. CAST indicated that Van Eenennaam is known for their communication skills and praised for their understanding of biotechnology, their enthusiasm for agricultural education, and their abilities to use novel ideas to get important messages to policymakers and the public alike.
Van Eenennaam appeared in the 2016 documentary production, Food Evolution, written and produced by Trace Sheehan and Scott Hamilton Kennedy. The film, narrated by Neil deGrasse Tyson, features scientific experts in the areas of genetics, biology, biotechnology, and nutrition, as well as farmers and activists discussing the problems of feeding a growing global population.
Awards
2005 The Communicator “Award of Distinction” for “Genetic Engineering in California Agriculture” video.
2009 The Communicator “Award of Distinction” for “Animal Biotechnology” video production
2010 American Association of Public and Land-Grant Universities (APLU), 2010 National Award for Excellence in Extension
2014 American Society of Animal Science Extension Award
2014 Council for Agricultural Science and Technology (CAST) Borlaug Communication Award
2016 Beef Improvement Federation (BIF) Continuing Service Award
2016 BIO 2016 Future Maker Award
2017 American Association for the Advancement of Science Fellow - Section on Agriculture, Food, and Renewable Resources
2021 Beef Improvement Federation Pioneer Award
Articles
Van Eenennaam has authored or co-authored more than 80 academic articles. The following are selected articles in which Van Eenennaam is listed as the lead author.
Van Eenennaam, A. L. E. M. Hallerman, and W.M. Muir. 2011. The Science and Regulation of Food from Genetically Engineered Animals. Council for Agricultural Science and Technology (CAST) Commentary QTA2011-2. CAST, Ames, Iowa.
Van Eenennaam, A.L., B.M. Chassy, N. Kalaitzandonakes, and T.P. Redick. 2014. The Potential Impacts of Mandatory Labeling for Genetically Engineered Food in the United States. Issue Paper 54. Council for Agricultural Science and Technology (CAST). Ames, Iowa.
References
American women biologists
American women bloggers
American bloggers
University of Melbourne alumni
University of California, Davis alumni
University of California, Davis faculty
Scientists from California
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
The NEXT Woman of the Year awards were annual awards in New Zealand, conferred by NEXT magazine (published by Are Media), to "celebrate the outstanding achievements of New Zealand women". The awards, generally announced in October, were first held in 2010, and had five categories, Health & Science, Arts & Culture, Sports, Business and Community. By 2019, two further categories had been added: Education, and a Lifetime Achievement Award. From these category winners, a supreme winner, the NEXT Woman of the Year, was selected. When Bauer Media exited magazine publishing in New Zealand in 2020, Next magazine ceased publishing, and the Woman of the Year awards have not been made since.
2019 awards
2019 winners were announced at an event held at the Cordis Hotel in October 2019.
Supreme Winner: Diana Sarfati, public health physician and cancer epidemiologist
Health & Science: Diana Sarfati
Business & innovation: Helen Robinson, former managing director of Microsoft NZ, and co-founder of feminine hygiene brand Oi (Organic Initiative)
Arts & Culture: Samantha Scott, founder of Maidment Youth Theatre, now the Massive Theatre Company
Education: Dianne Daniels, founder of company Digital Wings
Sport: Neelusha Jennings , founder of charity "Limitless with Support", which links able-bodied and disabled people.
Community: Zhiyan Basharati, leader of CVOC (Christchurch Victims' Organising Committee)
Lifetime Achievement Awards: The Topp Twins, iconic entertainers
2018 awards
2018 awards were announced on 11 October. The judges included NEXT editor Rachael Russell.
Supreme Winner: Philippa Howden-Chapman, "for their long-standing crusade for healthy, warm and dry homes in New Zealand".
Health & Science: Philippa Howden-Chapman
Lifetime Achievement Award: Diane Foreman, entrepreneur and chief executive of The Emerald Group, "for their work in paving the way for women in business"
Arts & Culture: Renee Liang, multi-disciplinary artist, community arts activist and part-time paediatrician
Education: Rachel Williamson, for establishing the Summer Learning Journey programme to help students at low-decile schools
Sport: Sarah Leberman, sports researcher and co-founder of Women in Sports Aotearoa
Business & Innovation: Sharndre Kushor, co-founder of university admissions consulting company Crimson Education
Community: Merenia Donne, founder of Kotuku Foundation Assistance Animals Aotearoa
2017 awards
2017 awards were announced on 11 October.
Supreme Winner: Kristine Bartlett, advocate for women in the aged-care sector
Arts & Culture: Carla Van Zon, arts director
Business & innovation: Ranjna Patel, co-founder and director of Nirvana Health Group and Gandhi Nivas
Health & Science: Melanie Cheung, neurobiologist fighting degenerative brain disease
Sport: Heather Te Au-Skipworth, creator of the Iron Māori event, the world's only indigenous half IronMan
Education: Dame Wendy Pye, creator of a publishing empire
Lifetime achievement award: Theresa Gattung
2016 winners
The 2016 winners were announced on 14 October 2016. The judges were Sarah Henry, NEXT Editorial Director, Louise Upston, Minister for Women, CEO of Xero Rod Drury, and television presenter Toni Street.
Supreme Winner: Billie Jordan – founder of The Hip Op-eration Crew, which is officially recognised as the world's oldest dance crew
Arts & Culture: Billie Jordan
Business & innovation: Victoria Ransom, Wildfire Interactive
Health & Science: Merryn Gott, nursing academic
Sport: Trina Tamati, Tournament CEO of the Auckland NRL Nines
Education: Anne Gaze, founder of tutoring programme Campus Link
Community: Dale Nirvani Pfeifer, creator of GoodWorld, a company that enables instant charitable donations via social media
2015 awards
The 2015 awards were announced on 9 October. The judges were Minister for Women Louise Upston, Geoff Ross, Chairman of Trilogy International and CEO of Moa Brewing Company, and NEXT editor Sarah Henry.
Supreme Winne: Claudia Batten, entrepreneur
Business & Innovation: Claudia Batten
Arts & Culture: Fiona Samuel, screenwriter and director
Community: Ruth Money, advocate for victims and survivors
Health & Science: Catherine Mohr, engineer and vice-president of strategy, Intuitive Surgery
Sport: Marcia Petley, Masters athlete
Education: Frances Valintine, founder of The Mind Lab by Unitec
2014 awards
The 2014 awards were announced on 10 October. Besides NEXT Magazine editor Sarah Henry, the judging panel was made up of previous winners of the awards, Julie Chapman, Julie Bartlett, Lesley Elliott and Emma Parry.
Supreme Winner: Sita Selupe, founder and principal of Rise UP Academy and CEO of Rise UP Trust
Education: Sita Selupe
Community: Joy Clark, the longest serving volunteer of the Grandparents scheme at Starship children's hospital
Health & Science: Sally Merry, child psychology research at the University of Auckland
Sport: Lisa Carrington, Olympic gold-medallist in flatwater canoeing
Arts & Culture: Miranda Harcourt – actor, playwright and acting coach
Business: Cecilia Robinson – founder of My Food Bag and Au Pair Link
2013 awards
The 2013 awards announced on 13 October. They were judged by Martin Snedden, Sarah Henry, Theresa Gattung and Julie Bartlett.
Supreme Winner: Julie Chapman, founder and CEO of charity KidsCan
Community: Julie Chapman
Health and Science: Bronwen Connor, brain researcher
Sport: Suzie Bates, cricketer
Education: Julie King, national co-ordinator of the Click SpecialED Trust
Arts and Culture: Hinewehi Mohi, singer-songwriter, TV producer, and founder of Raukatauri Music Therapy Centre
Business: Lindy Nelson – executive director of the Agri-Women's Development Trust
2012 awards
The 2012 awards were held on 11 October.
Supreme Winne: Julie Bartlett, founder of StarJam
Education: Chris Brough, lecturer at University of Waikato
2011 awards
The 2011 awards were announced on 6 October. The judging panel was NEXT editor Sarah Henry, Dame Catherine Tizard, and Gareth Morgan.
Supreme Winner: Lesley Elliott, founder of the Sophie Elliott Foundation
Arts & Culture: Jill Marshall, author and publisher
Business: Mai Chen, lawyer
Health & Science: Sue Johnson, Christchurch coroner
Sport: Jayne Parsons, Paralympian
Community: Lesley Elliott
2010 awards
The first awards were announced on 12 August 2010. The Supreme Winner was Emma Parry for their work on access to high risk maternity services.
Supreme Winner: Emma Parry
Community: Alison Browning, teacher
References
New Zealand awards
Women in New Zealand
2010 establishments in New Zealand
2019 disestablishments in New Zealand
Nicholas Mark Horsfall () was a British scholar of Latin literature. Educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge, and Corpus Christi College, Oxford, they worked as a lecturer at University College London, but retired in 1987. They were a specialist on the works of the Roman poet Vergil and published five commentaries (2000–2013) on individual books of their Aeneid. This series of commentaries was described by the Latinist James O'Hara as "one of the most remarkably productive and rich periods of publication of any modern classicist".
Life and career
Nicholas Mark Horsfall was born on 19 September 1946. Their parents were Thomas and Sophie Mendelssohn-Horsfall. Their father was a member of the Royal Navy and a descendant of the philosopher Moses Mendelssohn. Sophie, born Szapiro, came from a Jewish German-Russian background and had fled from Berlin to the United Kingdom in 1939. They worked as an interpreter of Russian for the BBC. Having been educated at Westminster School in London, Horsfall went on to study Classics at Peterhouse, Cambridge. In 1971 they earned a D.Phil. from Corpus Christi College, Oxford, with a dissertation on Book 7 of Vergil's Aeneid. Their doctoral work was supervised by the Latinists R. A. B. Mynors, Robin Nisbet, and Margaret Hubbard.
In 1971, Horsfall began working as a lecturer at University College London, where they were influenced by the Latinists Otto Skutsch and George Goold. In 1987, after being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, they retired from teaching and moved to the Trastevere neighbourhood of Rome. After their return to the United Kingdom in 2000, Horsfall lived first near Oxford and then in Strathconon, a village in the Scottish Highlands. They had a stroke on 25 December 2018 and died 1 January 2019.
Work
Horsfall specialised in the works of the Roman poet Vergil, whose Aeneid was the subject of their University of Oxford doctoral thesis; they published a commentary on Aeneid Book 7 in 2000, followed by Books 11 (2003), 3 (2006), 2 (2008), and 5 (2013)"one of the most remarkably productive and rich periods of publication of any modern classicist", according to the Latinist James O'Hara, who compared Horsfall to "taxing geniuses in other fields like Ted Williams, Neil Young, or John Ford." At their death they were preparing a commentary on Book 1. They also published three discursive books on Vergil: Virgilio: l'epopea in alambicco (1991, in Italian), A Companion to the Study of Virgil (1995, as the editor), and The Epic Distilled: Studies in the Composition of the Aeneid (2016). A selection of their papers was printed in 2020 by Oxford University Press: Fifty years at the Sibyl's Heels. Selected Papers on Virgil and Rome (ed. A. Crofts).
References
Bibliography
1946 births
2019 deaths
English people of German-Jewish descent
British people of German-Russian descent
Alumni of Peterhouse, Cambridge
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
British Latinists
Academics of University College London
People educated at Westminster School, London
British classical scholars
Scholars of Latin literature
Scholars of epic poetry
Neohelix albolabris is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
Alternate names for Neohelix albolabris are Helix albolabris and Triodopsis albolabris. It is the first land snail to be named by an American-born naturalist, Thomas Say in 1817.
N. albolabris is one of the largest native land snails in North America. Its range extends from Maine to Georgia and west to the Mississippi River. In the northern part of this range some specimens may grow to have shells 30mm in diameter. In the southern part of the range, some specimens grow to 40 mm diameter.
Early New England naturalist and illustrator Edward S. Morse reported that Helix albolabris (as they called it) was one of the three most common land snails in New England. They wrote extensively about it in their pioneering work "Land Snails of New England" which was serialized in 1867 & 1868 in the first volume of The American Naturalist.
In 2010 Elisabeth Tova Bailey wrote The Sound of a Wild Snail Eating, an award-winner book protagonised by an individual land snail in the species Neohelix albolabris, from which was taken a short movie.
References
Polygyridae
Gastropods described in 1817
The New Zealand Māori Arts and Crafts Institute (NZMACI) is an indigenous traditional art school located in Rotorua New Zealand. It operates the national schools of 3 major Māori art forms.
NZMACI opened in 1963 as a successor school to the previous national school for woodcarving (wānanga whakairo) in Rotorua, New Zealand. The original Institute had been established in 1926 by Sir Āpirana Ngata to combat the impending threat of the loss of traditional Māori arts. The new school continued the tradition in a location well-established for traditional Māori arts and crafts. The location of the schools at Whakarewarewa enabled access to the Rotorua tourist market, which has allowed the Institute to operate with financial independence for the majority of its history. The school is associated with tours which have been guided through the Whakarewarewa Valley since the mid-19th century, now under the umbrella of Te Puia.
History
Founded in 1926 by Āpirana Ngata, then the Member of Parliament for Eastern Maori which included Rotorua, the school focused on teaching traditional Māori arts and crafts. The school was located near the geyser field at Whakarewarewa outside of Rotorua. The original school closed as a result of the second world war.
The Rotorua Maori Arts and Crafts Institute Act 1963 founded the school as a legal entity, and the act was amended by the New Zealand Maori Arts and Crafts Institute Amendment Act 1967 which changed it from a local to a national institute, by removing most references to Rotorua. Since the spelling of Maori has changed to Māori as part of an effort to make the Māori language phonetic.
Since the Māori Renaissance of the 1980s and 1990s, Māori traditions have had more impact on contemporary art in New Zealand, leading to a blurring of the lines between art, fine arts and Māori art. The Institute exhibits at events such as Māori Art Market but its teaching and output continue to focus on more traditional items.
The Institute can be visited through Te Puia a significant tourist attraction in Rotorua, Aotearoa.
The Institute
Wood Carving
A predominant artform of the Māori people is whakairo, carving, referred to by some as the written language of the Māori.
The National Wood Carving school, Te Wānanga Whakairo Rākau o Aotearoa, was opened in 1967 and has since restored and built over 40 whare whakairo around New Zealand. The first Tumu (head) of the Carving school was the late renowned Tohunga Whakairo (Master Carver), Hone Taiapa.
Jade, Bone & Stone Carving
Long a part of the Te Wānanga Whakairo Rākau (carving school), the traditional adornment and toolmaking arts were moved to a dedicated school headed by artist Lewis Tamihana Gardiner and initially speciallised in pounamu. The new national school for Jade, Bone & Stone Carving was named as Te Takapū o Rotowhio by local rangatira and kura whakairo graduate, Mauriora Kingi.
The school is now headed by Stacy Gordine, a master carver or tōhunga whakairo of Ngāti Porou descent.
Weaving
Another artform perpetuated at NZMACI is raranga or Māori weaving.
The Weaving school named Te Rito (later Te Rito o Rotowhio) was established in 1969, shortly after the Carving school. The Tumu (head) of the school at the time was Emily Schuster, who was eventually succeeded by their daughter, Edna Pahewa. The third and current Tumu is master weaver Meleta Bennett.
The founding of the schools was a precursor signifying the oncoming renaissance of whakairo and raranga, many of the alumni of the schools went on to play roles in the Māori renaissance.
Major Works
Marae restoration and building
Over 40 marae have been built or restored under the auspices of NZMACI, and countless more by graduates. The first cohort began with artwork for local businesses before moving on to restoration and replacement of carvings on iconic Māori churches and meeting houses.
Matatini Stage
The Institute was responsible for carving the now iconic Māhau stage used for the world's largest Māori cultural festival, Te Matatini. Made from over 26 tonnes of native wood, 5 tonnes of steel and 36 tonnes of concrete it is the largest Māori carved structure in existence at 30m across and over 13m high. More than 20 of the staff and students at NZMACI worked a total of over 15,000 hours to complete. The symbols used are relevant to the history of performing arts in Aotearoa. Te Māhau was debuted in 2012.
Pou Maumahara
An international commemoration of War Dead located at Passchendaele Memorial Park in Zonnebeke, Belgium, the Pou Maumahara is an 8 meter, 17 tonne woodcarving which was carved from a kauri log at NZMACI. The project was driven by Belgian architect Freddy DeClerck. The Pou Maumahara was designed by Tumu Whakarae Clive Fugill and carved under the leadership of Tumu Whakairo James Rickard by the staff and students of Te Wānanga Whakairo o Aotearoa. The process took more than four years and the pou was unveiled on ANZAC day 2019.
Te Ahi Tūpua
Te Ahi Tūpua was constructed from a design created by Tōhunga Whakairo and Tumu, Te Takapū o Rotowhio, Stacy Gordine and digitised by academics from Victoria University of Wellington. The massive sculpture uses traditional Māori visual language to tell the story of Ngātoro-i-rangi, in relation to the landmarks of the area. Ngātoro-i-rangi, a founding ancestor of the region, is the navigator said to have guided (under duress) the voyaging canoe Te Arawa to Aotearoa.  They are traditionally associated with the geothermal activity in the area.
Te Ahi Tūpua stands at 12m high and is the tallest sculpture of its kind and a world first in its 3D printed composite construction.
Te Ahi Tūpua was commissioned as a small part of a $7.6 million restructuring of the Hemo Gorge roundabout near the location of the Institute. The project was jointly funded by NZTA under their policy of creating art alongside new road works with further support by the Rotorua District Council.
Te Ahi Tūpua, along with Pōhutu Geyser and the district's lakes now forms the basis for the emblem of the city and district of Rotorua.
Artists
Reanga or intakes are cohorts of 1-4 students selected from a pool of applicants to learn Māori Arts and Crafts on a modest scholarship traditionally funded by tourism. Because the aim of the Institute is revival of the culture within communities, applicants are expected to be Māori practitioners of traditional arts, with the strongest applications coming with iwi-tono or tribal support. Graduates are expected to serve their tribes and communities.
Alumni
List of graduates:
Graduate name (School, Nth intake)
Pine Taiapa (1926 institute) Ngāti Porou
Hōne Te Kāuru Taiapa (1926 institute) Ngāti Porou, younger brother of Pine, first master carver of the 1967 revived school.
Piri Poutapu (1926 institute, 1929 intake) Tainui, descended in direct line from the carvers of the Tainui voyaging canoe. Entered with iwi tono by Princess Te Puea. Went on to become waka carver and royal Kingitanga carver,
Clive Fugill (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 1st intake) Ngāti Ranginui
James Rickard (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 1st intake) Tainui, Tohunga Whakairo, former Tumu Whakairo
Lionel Grant (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 6th intake) Te Arawa
Riki Manuel (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 8th intake)
Albert Te Pou (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 8th intake) Tūhoe current Tumu, Te Wānanga Whakairo o Aotearoa
Mauri Ora Kingi (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 8th intake) Te Arawa, Tūhourangi, Ngāti Raukawa
Fayne Robinson (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 13th intake) Kāi Tahu, prominent South Island artist.
Roi Toia (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 14th intake)
Gordon Toi (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, Nth intake) Ngāpuhi, prominent tohunga tā moko artist of the Māori tattoo revival.
Arekatera Katz Maihi (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 21st intake) Ngāti Whātua, also musician and tā moko artist.
Colin Tihi (Wānanga Whakairo Rākau, 19th intake; Takapū 6th intake) Ngāti Tarawhai, a carver and painter notably the only graduate of both carving wānanga.
Tumu
Each of the schools is headed by an expert in their traditional artform, titled Tumu. Cohorts of 1-4 students are selected from a pool of applicants to learn from the Tumu and their Pouako (tutors).
List of Tumu:
(year-year) Tumu name
Tumu, Te Wānanga Whakairo o Aotearoa (incomplete)
(1967 - 1979) Hone Taiapa
(1983 - 1995) Clive Fugill, Ngāti Ranginui, (titular Tumu Whakarae 1995 - present)
(2019 - current) Albert Te Pou, Ngāi Tūhoe
Tumu, Te Takapū o Rotowhio
(2009 - 2013) Lewis Tamihana Gardiner, Ngāti Pikiao, Kāi Tahu
(2013 - present) Stacy Gordine Ngāti Porou
Tumu, Te Rito o Rotowhio
(1969 - 1997) Emily Schuster
(1997 -2019) Edna Pahewa
(2020-present) Meleta Bennett
Governance
Historically the Minister responsible for Tourism or an Associate Minister of Tourism made appointments to the NZMACI governing board. Board members have included: Robert McFarlane, Ani Waaka, David Thomas, Sir Howard Morrison, Dr Erihapeti Rehu-Murchie, June Grant, Judith Stanway, Ray Watson, Erenora Puketapu-Hetet, Mike Simm, David Tapsell Ken Raureti, Robyn Bargh and Tupara Morrison.
Governance has been altered as a result of the Tiriti o Waitangi settlement negotiations between the NZ government and local iwi. As part of the NZMACI Vesting Act (2020), the local iwi: Tuhourangi, Ngāti Wāhiao and Ngāti Whakaue will be recognised as traditional and as legal owners of Te Puia and associated assets and will have official representation on the board.
See also
Pounamu
Whakairo
Māori traditional textiles
Tāniko
References
External links
NZMACI
Carving school
New Zealand Māori Arts and Crafts Institute Act, 1963
Rotorua
Māori education in New Zealand
Education in the Bay of Plenty Region
Buildings and structures in the Bay of Plenty Region
Museums in the Bay of Plenty Region
Tourist attractions in the Bay of Plenty Region
Māori art
Tradimento is the third studio album by Italian rapper Fabri Fibra. It was also their first LP to be distributed by a major label, the Universal Music Italia.
The production is covered mainly by their rapper and younger brother Nesli who produces 12 out of 17 tracks and the remainder are by Italian hip-hop producer Fish as well as Dj Nais. The album was certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
Tradimento is considered the album that opened the hip hop music to the great audience in Italy, giving to it mainstream popularity.
Background
After their underground success with their second studio album Mr. Simpatia they signed a contract with Universal, a major label, and this was considered a betrayal by their older fans, so they decided to call the album Tradimento, which means betrayal. But even if they signed with a major label they decided to keep their hardcore style which attacks various political and social downsides.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2006 albums
Fabri Fibra albums
Universal Music Italy albums
The 2000 Libyan Super Cup was the fourth edition of the Super Cup, and was meant to be played on December 31, 2000, between LPL winners Al Ahly Tripoli and Libyan Cup runners-up Al Swihli at the Rajab Omar Stadium in Tripoli. This was a repeat of the Libyan Cup final that was played in the same year. Al Swihli did not show for the cup final and once again, the match was not played as Al Swihli did not show, and Al Ahly Tripoli were therefore awarded a 2–0 victory. Al Swihli later apologised for not showing.
Libyan Super Cup
2000–01 in Libyan football
Transparent Value is a division of Guggenheim Partners specializing in the management of equity mutual funds and separately managed accounts. The firm is headquartered in New York City.
History
Transparent Value was founded in 2003 by Julian Koski and Armen Arus. In May 2009 Guggenheim Partners acquired Transparent Value.
Investment Methodology
Transparent Value developed the Required Business Performance (RBP) Methodology. The methodology uses fundamental analysis and elements of quantitative finance to select stocks. Analysts use a reverse discounted cash flow analysis to determine the performance implied by the stock price. This performance is called the Required Business Performance. Using historical performance, analysts then calculate the probability the company will deliver this performance. This probability is called Required Business Performance Probability.
The methodology was licensed to Dow Jones Indexes and serves as the basis for the Dow Jones RBP Indexes.
Mutual Funds
Transparent Value currently offers seven mutual funds based on the Dow Jones RBP Style Series, Dow Jones RBP Directional Series and Dow Jones RBP Dividend Series. The first funds were launched in May 2010.
References
External links
transparentvalue.com
djindexes.com/rbp
dowjonesrbpindexes.com
Financial services companies of the United States
Companies based in New York City
Bakrol is an Indian village. It has recently become a part of Anand, Gujarat.
The village is about from Anand and is next to Vallabh Vidhyanagar within the Anand Taluka. The name of the village is so, because it was native of Demon Bakasur.
Many villagers have settled overseas. The main occupation of those remaining is agriculture. Major crops are wheat, potato and banana.
There is a cold storage and five tobacco store houses in the outskirts in the village. The village has tar roads, a library, a maternity home, marriage hall, milk producers union, co-operative soc. Schools, a Bank, Post Office and various Temples.
Recently it has become a " NAGAR PALIKA " & patch up with Anand. It is near to Vitthal Udhyognagar, a major industrial area of Gujarat.
Demographics
As of the 2001 India census, Bakrol had a population of 19,738. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. 11% of the population is under 6 years of age.
There is also another village called Bakrol within Gujarat. It is located approximately 18 km away from the city of Ahmedabad. This village consists of mainly farms, most of which grow wheat, rice, and corn. The population of this village is 10000.
References
Villages in Anand district
Project Lingua, or just Lingua is an online translation community formed in the end of 2006 with the goal of translating articles from the global citizen media project Global Voices Online from English into other languages, opening lines of distributed communication between bloggers across the world. The project currently translates into tens of different languages, and incorporates an active team of hundreds of volunteer translators and translation editors. Along with the Cucumis project and the Wikipedia's own translation projects in every language, such as the Wikipedia:ECHO, Lingua is considered one of the largest volunteer-based online translation communities in the world.
Origin of the Project
Lingua began as a community-based initiative by Taiwanese blogger Portnoy Zheng, who started translating Global Voices articles into Chinese as early as September, 2005. This initial idea became a project of its own at the Global Voices Summit in December 2006, where it was given the name "Lingua".
The first official Lingua sites, launched by June 2007, were Chinese (both Simplified and Traditional), Bangla, Farsi, Spanish, Portuguese and French. The project has since grown rapidly in size and scope. Global Voices is translated in all the top languages used on the internet but also include under-represent and indigenous languages, such as Aymara. Translators apply via the Translation Application Form.
Global Voices now is available in Albanian, Amharic, Arabic, Aymara, Bangla, Bulgarian, Burmese, Catalan, Czech, Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Danish, Dutch, Esperanto, Farsi, French, Filipino, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Igbo, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kazakh, Khmer, Kurdish, Korean, Malagasy, Macedonian, Nubian, Odia, Pashto, Polish, Portuguese, Punjabi, Romanian, Russian, Santali, Serbian, Spanish, Swahili, Swedish, Tetum, Turkish, Ukrainian, Urdu, Uzbek and Yorùbá.
Collaborations
Lingua has content-sharing/partnerships (formal and informal) with news sites and other online organizations, such as:
Arabic: Al Jazeera Talk
Bangla: Biborton Bangla (news/entertainment site, literary magazine)
Chinese: China Times, Memedia ("Strawberry") (news site), Peopo (Taiwanese citizen news site hosted by the Taiwan Broadcasting Service)
Italian: Agoravox Italia, Rainews24, La Stampa
French: Rue 89, Cucumis, Rezo.net
Portuguese: Mozambican newspaper A Verdade
Spanish: Canal Solidario, Periodismo Ciudadano, El Colombiano
Lingua has also partnered with like minded organisations to provide translations. In August 2012, Lingua launched a collaborative effort to translate the Declaration of Internet Freedom providing the text in 31 languages.
References
External links
Lingua site
OpenTranslationTools: Global Voices Lingua
GVsummit08 Budapest: Portnoy about Translation and the Multilingual Web
Translation
Translation associations
Citizen media
Multilingual news services
Organizations established in 2006
Savera () is a 1958 Indian Hindi-language film directed by Satyen Bose starring Ashok Kumar, Meena Kumari in lead roles. Music director Sailesh Mukherjee gave the music of the film.
Plot
Kundan (Ashok Kumar) is a medical student who is falsely implicated in a murder charge and fails to complete their degree. Their neighbor and childhood friend Shanti (Meena Kumari) who Kundan grew up with was married to Kundan at the behest of their mother but they got separated after Kundan took the path of crime. Eventually, Kundan takes the job of a taxi driver and befriends a bunch of criminals. On a trip, they meet with a so-called Swami Poornananda (Bipin Gupta) who also is involved in criminal activities, immediately they befriend. By the end of their train trip they meet with an accident, injuring Swami. Kundan rescues them and takes them to a nearby ashram where Kundan disguises themselves as Swami and keeps the injured Swami in their room. Here Kundan meets Shanti who also works in the ashram and identifies them as their husband from a cut in their hand. Shanti helps Kundan in starting afresh and they live happily ever after.
Cast
Ashok Kumar as Kundan
Meena Kumari as Shanti
Bipin Gupta as Swami Purnananda
Leela Mishra
Keshto Mukherjee
Bhagwan Sinha
Kammo
Samson
Crew
Director – Satyen Bose
Producer – Ruby Sen (Basu Chitra Mandir)
Dialogues – Govind Moonis
Screenplay – Satyen Bose
Cinematography – Madan Sinha
Music – Sailesh Mukherjee
Lyrics – Shailendra, Prem Dhawan
Editing – Dulal Dutta
Art Direction – Biren Naag
Playback Singers – Manna Dey, Lata Mangeshkar, Geeta Dutt
Soundtrack
The film had seven songs in it. The music of the film was composed by Sailesh Mukherjee. Shailendra and Prem Dhawan wrote the lyrics.
References
External links
1958 films
1950s Hindi-language films
An ethical job is a broad term to describe a job which accords with a person's ethics or values.
Surveys
In 2005, The Guardian newspaper polled 2,000 undergraduates in the UK, and found that "over 70% of students said that a company's ethical track record is a crucial factor when choosing their employer".
A 2005 poll by High Fliers Research of 6,227 final-year students at universities in Australia and New Zealand found that 40% said it was "very important" that their first employer be socially responsible, and 30% said it was "very important" that their first employer be environmentally responsible.
In 2007, Harris Interactive published the results of an opinion poll of 1,741 workers in the United States. 73% of respondents said it was "important that [one's] employer be environmentally and socially responsible".
In a 2009 poll of employers at Australian non-profit organizations conducted by EthicalJobs.com.au, 87% said that job seekers were more likely to apply for a position seen to be ethical.
See also
Green job
Green-collar worker
Corporate social responsibility
References
External links
ABC Radio National: Life Matters, Ethical Jobs, 23 June 2009.
Rosemary Sainty, Ethics and Graduate Recruitment November 2006.
UK Net Guide, Guide to Ethical Careers
Economy and the environment
Employment classifications
DD Goa is a bi-lingual Indian state owned terrestrial television station operated by public service broadcaster Doordarshan.
Formerly known as DD Panaji, it is Doordarshan's regional television station broadcasting from Panaji, the capital city of Indian state of Goa.
The programmes are broadcast in Konkani and Marathi languages. The channel is available on Doordarshan's DTH platform DD Free Dish.
References
Hindi-language television channels in India
Television channels and stations established in 1990
Hindi-language television stations
Television stations in Goa
1990 establishments in Goa
Doordarshan
Konkani-language television stations
Marathi-language television channels
Herochroma curvata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Hong-Xiang Han and Da-Yong Xue in 2003. It is found in the Chinese provincies of Hainan and Guangxi.
The length of the forewings is 19–20 mm for males.
References
External links
A study on the genus Herochroma Swinhoe in China, with descriptions of four new species (Lepidoptera: Geometridae: Geometrinae). Acta Entomologica Sinica
Moths described in 2003
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
Blooms of Darkness (, Pirhei HaAfela) is a 2006 novel by the Israeli writer Aharon Appelfeld. The narrative follows an 11-year-old Jewish boy who stays with a prostitute in a Ukrainian ghetto during World War II. Appelfeld said that with the book, they "wanted to explore the darkest places of human behavior and to show that even there, generosity and love can survive; that humanity and love can overcome cruelty and brutality". The novel, translated by Jeffrey M. Green won the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize in 2012.
Reception
Carole Angier reviewed the book for The Independent, and mentioned two other works which combine the Holocaust and sexuality—The Night Porter and The Kindly Ones—but wrote that Blooms of Darkness is fundamentally different: "Too often, in the others, the sex seems to be the point. Here the point is the nature of memory, the growth of a writer, and above all the psychology of persecution and survival. The parents' dilemma of how to live with horror, and what to tell the children; Hugo's inexorable forgetting; the inability to understand what you fear – for Hugo, the meaning of 'whore', for survivors, the fact that most will never return – all are caught in Appelfeld's glancing, delicate prose." Shoshana Olidort of the Jewish Review of Books wrote: "The novel has all the characteristic trademarks of an Appelfeld work, yet it is less effective than many of their earlier books. Perhaps this is because reticence can only go so far, especially when the author is revisiting themes they have already explored at length. Still, this is a powerful novel and the mood of isolation that pervades the book's final chapters is particularly haunting."
See also
2006 in literature
Israeli literature
References
External links
Excerpt in The New York Times
2006 novels
21st-century Israeli novels
Novels about the Holocaust
Ukraine in fiction
Keter Publishing House books
In Miracle Land is the seventh studio album by Australian alternative rock band The Vines. It was released on 29 June 2018 and was the band's second release under their own label Wicked Nature Music.
Background
On 25 March 2016, the band posted a picture of Craig Nicholls in the studio playing guitar with the caption "Album #7 coming soon..." on their Facebook page. On 1 April 2016, the first single "In Miracle Land" was released.
In October 2016, the band played three shows in Australia for the 'In Miracle Land' Tour. During the tour, the band debuted new songs "Hate the Sound", "I Wanna Go Down", "Broken Heart", "Sky Gazer" and "Gone Wonder".
On 31 May 2018, it was announced via Facebook that the album In Miracle Land would be released 29 June 2018 and feature the same line-up as Wicked Nature.
In Miracle Land is the last album that was recorded with Tim John and Lachlan West. Right after the tour to promote the album, Craig Nicholls fired them from the band.
The album is the last album to date and the last one before going on an officially unannounced hiatus.
Track listing
Personnel
Craig Nicholls – vocals, guitar, piano
Tim John – bass
Lachlan West – drums
References
The Vines (band) albums
2018 albums
Alternative rock albums by Australian artists
Garage rock albums by Australian artists
Post-grunge albums by Australian artists
Neo-psychedelia albums
Wellington Council was a local government area in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia. The former area is located adjacent to the Macquarie River and the Mitchell Highway.
A 2015 review of local government boundaries recommended that the Wellington Council merge with the City of Dubbo to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately . Following an independent review, on 12 May 2016 the Minister for Local Government announced the dissolution of the Welington Shire Council and the Dubbo City Council, together with the establishment of the Western Plains Regional Council with immediate effect.
The former Wellington Council area included Wellington, Maryvale, Geurie, North Yeoval, Dripstone, Mumbil, Stuart Town and Euchareena.
Council
Former composition and election method
Prior to its dissolution, Wellington Council was composed of nine councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors were elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor was elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The most recent election was held on 8 September 2012, and the makeup of the former council was as follows:
The final Council, elected in 2012 and dissolved in 2016, in order of election, was:
References
Former local government areas of New South Wales
2016 disestablishments in Australia
1949 establishments in Australia
In mathematics, characteristic exponent may refer to:
Characteristic exponent of a field, a number equal to 1 if the field has characteristic 0, and equal to p if the field has characteristic p > 0
Lyapunov characteristic exponent, a quantity that characterizes the rate of separation
Characteristic exponent of Stable distribution
The logarithm of a characteristic function
Logarithm of a characteristic multiplier in the Floquet theory
Solution of the indicial equation of the Frobenius method
Miss Colombia 2002, the 68th Miss Colombia pageant, was held in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia, on November 12, 2002, after three weeks of events. The winner of the pageant was Diana Lucia Mantilla, Miss Santander.
The pageant was broadcast live on RCN TV from the Centro de Convenciones Julio Cesar Turbay in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, outgoing titleholder Vanessa Mendoza crowned Diana Lucia Mantilla of Santander as the new Miss Colombia.
Results
Placements
Delegates
The Miss Colombia 2002 delegates are:
Antioquia - Carolina Giraldo García
Atlántico - Diana María Moreno Hernández
Barranquilla - Liliana de Cambil Ávila
Bogotá D.C. - María Molina Salazar
Bolívar - Brenda María Juan Guardela
Caldas - Karla Zuluaga Suárez
Cartagena DT y C - Isabel Sofia Cabrales Baquero
Cauca - Liliana María Simmonds Villada
Cesar - Berta de los Ángeles Velásquez B.
Chocó - Carolina Quintero Schuller
Córdoba - Sandra Juliana Tous de la Ossa
Cundinamarca - Liliana Isabel Jiménez Moreno
Guajira - Sara Elisa Parodi Brito
Magdalena - Esther María Bornacelli García
Meta - Andrea Viviana Svenson Gonfrier
Nariño - Lina Zulema Casanova Del Castillo
Norte de Santander - Naidu Patricia Illera Arango
Quindío - Lina María Maya Giraldo
Risaralda - Marcela Delgado Rincón
San Andrés and Providencia - Jessica Samantha Pereira Hooker
Santa Marta - Clara Inés Martínez Aarón
Santander - Diana Lucia Mantilla Prada
Sucre - Liliana Patricia Romero Iriarte
Tolima - Adriana Katherine Coca Gaitán
Valle - Gina Paola Arango Lemos
References and footnotes
External links
Official site
Miss Colombia
2002 in Colombia
2002 beauty pageants
Amur class is a class of Russian river passenger ships. It is named after the first ship in the class, which in their turn was named after the Amur River.
Two-deck cruise ships manufactured by Österreichische Schiffswerften AG at their shipyard in Korneuburg, Austria in 1960. These vessels cruised the Danube regularly, as far west as Vienna, Austria. "Amur" was laid up at Budapest, Hungary and signed "for sale" in late 2011.
River cruise ships of the Austrian project Q-003
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
Dunay-class motorship
Volga-class motorship
Dmitriy Furmanov-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Ships of the Soviet Union
Austria–Soviet Union relations
The Mormon Pioneer Cemetery is located at 3300 State Street in present-day Florence at the north end of Omaha, Nebraska. The Cemetery is the burial site of hundreds of Mormon pioneers who lived in Winter Quarters, a temporary settlement that lasted from 1846 to 1848 as the settlers moved to Salt Lake City, Utah. It was designated a landmark by the City of Omaha in 1990.
Records of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) indicate that 359 Mormon pioneers were buried at the site. Remnants of three of the graves are visible today, uncovered during the erection of a commemorative monument in 1936. The monument, a bronze statue by Salt Lake City artist Avard Fairbanks, depicts parents who have committed the body of an infant to the grave.
The graves of a number of Florence residents are also located in the cemetery. The community of Florence began to use the cemetery several years after the departure of the Mormons and prior to the Mormons the area had been used as an Indian burial ground.
With the exception of a commemorative marker in the nearby city park, the cemetery is the only visible reminder of the Mormon settlement.
See also
History of North Omaha, Nebraska
List of cemeteries in Omaha
References
External links
Mormon Pioneer Cemetery on the Waymarking website.
Mormon Trail Center at Historic Winter Quarters
Cemeteries in Omaha, Nebraska
Mormon cemeteries
Landmarks in North Omaha, Nebraska
Mormon pioneers
Mormon Trail
Omaha Landmarks
Tourist attractions in Omaha, Nebraska
Latter Day Saint movement in Nebraska
1846 establishments in Indian Territory
The Russia national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Russia and is controlled by the Motorcycle Federation of Russia. The team was never qualified to the Under-21 Speedway World Cup finals. Emil Sayfutdinov is first, and so far, only riders who won the Individual U-21 World Championship twice (2007 and 2008).
Due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, on March 6, 2022, the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme banned all Russian and Belarusian motorcycle riders, teams, officials, and competitions.
Competition
See also
Russia national speedway team
Russia national under-19 speedway team
References
External links
(ru) Motorcycle Federation of Russia webside
National speedway teams
Speedway
Segmentorbis is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snails, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.
Distribution
Distribution of Segmentorbis include Africa.
Species
Species within this genus include:
Segmentorbis angustus (Jickeli, 1874)
Segmentorbis kanisaensis (Preston, 1914)
References
External links
Planorbidae
Stóra-Björnsfell () is an elongated medium-sized tuya located in Iceland. It contains pillow lava, hyaloclastite and sheet lava. The volcano formed when a subglacial eruption occurred beneath an ice sheet during the last ice age. Stóra-Björnsfell's pillow lava appears originally to have erupted from a fissure.
See also
Volcanism of Iceland
Tuyas of Iceland
Pleistocene volcanoes
West Volcanic Zone of Iceland
The Estadio Metropolitano de Cabudare is a football stadium, located in Cabudare near the city of Barquisimeto in Lara state, in the west-central Venezuela, built between 2006 and 2009 on behalf of the Government of that country, and on the state of Lara in the Venezuelan Jantesa firm, and worked as one of the 9 venues of the 2007 Copa América, with a capacity that can reach up to 47,913 seated spectators, with 110 meters long and 70 meters wide, has grass Bermuda, has 3 parking lots with capacity for 4,000 vehicles, lifts, stage, dressing rooms for up to 4 teams, anti doping control room, dressing room for umpires, medical room and 2 big screens, press gallery, stage, VIP cabins for translation The lighting will be among the best in the country with the installation of 240 lamps (Phillips) with 2,000 watts each, suitable for television, among others. Estviera was expected to complete by the end of the first quarter of 2007. Due to delays, the stadium may definitely be inaugurated in October 2009. The field is made out of Aloha Seashore Paspalum grass and measures 110 x 70 m.
The Metropolitano de Cabudare is the only large football stadium in Venezuela with no athletics track. Therefore, the spectators are seated very close to the game action. Because of this construction, it is often compared with Old Trafford, the Manchester United Stadium in England
Lara F.C. opened Venezuela to many opportunities by playing in the Copa Libertadores in 1969. In 2005, the CONMEBOL chose the Copa América 2007 venues; in those selected Barquisimeto was not one of the venues selected. In 2006 the CONMEBOL decided to add Barquisimeto as a venue for the Copa América 2007 in honour of Lara FC.
Copa América 2007
The stadium was one of the venues for the Copa América 2007.
The following games were played at the stadium during said event:
References
External links
Metropolitano
Copa América stadiums
Asociación Civil Deportivo Lara
Buildings and structures in Lara (state)
2007 establishments in Venezuela
Cryptostylis leptochila, commonly known as the small tongue orchid, is a species of orchid that is endemic to eastern Australia. It has one to a few broad leaves and up to fifteen green flowers with a dark red labellum that has a black stripe and rows of black dots either side of the stripe. As with others in the genus, it is pollinated by male ichneumon wasps.
Description
Cryptostylis leptochila is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with one to several broad egg-shaped to broad lance-shaped leaves long and wide on a petiole long. The upper surface of the leaves is green but the lower side is reddish purple. Between five and fifteen flowers long and wide are borne on a flowering stem tall. The sepals and petals are linear, greenish or yellowish and spread stiffly apart. The sepals are long and the petals are long. The labellum is dark red, linear to oblong, cup-shaped around the column with its edges rolled under and the end suddenly turned downwards. It is long and about with a raised black central line and irregular lines of raised black calli either side of the line. The surface of the labellum is densely covered with glandular hairs. Flowering occurs from November to May and the flowers are pollinated by male Lissopimpla excelsa wasps when they attempt to mate with them.
Taxonomy and naming
Cryptostylis leptochila was first formally described in 1873 by George Bentham from an unpublished description by Ferdinand von Mueller. The description was published in Flora Australiensis. The specific epithet (leptochila) is derived from the Ancient Greek words meaning "fine", "small", "thin" or "delicate", and meaning "lip".
Distribution and habitat
The small tongue orchid grows in forest, usually in high rainfall areas. It is found in south-eastern Queensland, on the coast and ranges of New South Wales, in southeastern Victoria and on Flinders Island.
Conservation
This species is classed as "endangered" in Tasmania, where it occurs in a few locations on Flinders Island but is not in any nature reserve. The main threats to the species are inappropriate fire regimes and land clearing. It is listed under the Tasmanian Threatened Species Protection Act 1995.
References
leptochila
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Victoria (Australia)
Orchids of Tasmania
Plants described in 1873
Conceveiba is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described as a genus in 1775. It is native to South America and Central America.
Species
Conceveiba guianensis Aubl. - Brazil, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, 3 Guianas
Conceveiba hostmanii Benth. - Guyana, Suriname, Amazonas State in Brazil
Conceveiba krukoffii Steyerm. - Venezuela, French Guiana, NW Brazil
Conceveiba latifolia Benth. - Colombia, Venezuela, Peru, Amazonas State in Brazil
Conceveiba martiana Baill. - Venezuela, French Guiana, NW Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia
Conceveiba maynasensis Secco - Loreto in Peru
Conceveiba parvifolia McPherson - Panama, NW Colombia
Conceveiba pleiostemona Donn.Sm. - Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Colombia, Venezuela
Conceveiba praealta (Croizat) Punt ex J.Murillo - NW Brazil
Conceveiba ptariana (Steyerm.) Jabl. - S Venezuela
Conceveiba rhytidocarpa Müll.Arg. - Colombia, Ecuador, Peru
Conceveiba santanderensis J.Murillo - NW Colombia
Conceveiba terminalis (Baill.) Müll.Arg. - Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, NW Brazil, Colombia, Peru
Conceveiba tristigmata J.Murillo - Colombia, Venezuela, NW Brazil
formerly included
moved to other genera (Alchornea Aparisthmium Aubletiana Cladogynos Neoboutonia )
References
Alchorneae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Saeed Lotfi may refer to:
Saeed Lotfi (footballer born 1981), Iranian retired football defender
Saeed Lotfi (footballer born 1992), Iranian football defender who plays for Naft Tehran
The 1997–98 Vancouver Canucks season was the team's 28th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). After missing the playoffs the season before, the team responded by signing Mark Messier to a three-year contract. The signing of Messier did little to improve the team, however, as they finished even worse than the year before, costing Head Coach Tom Renney and General Manager Pat Quinn their jobs. For the first time in NHL history, regular season games were played outside of North America, with the Canucks playing the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in Tokyo, Japan, to open up the regular season. Pavel Bure became the last Canuck to score 50 or more goals in a season. On April 9, 1998, the Canucks scored three short-handed goals in a 6–3 road win over the Calgary Flames.
In addition, the team introduced a new logo that would stay in use for over a decade.
The team was the last in NHL history to record over 2,000 penalty minutes, with 2,148.
Off-season
Forward Trevor Linden resigned the team captaincy, in favour of new arrival Mark Messier.
Regular season
The Canucks finished the regular season with the most power-play opportunities against, with 432. Although the Canucks allowed the most goals in the League, with 273, they scored the most short-handed goals, with 19.
All-Star Game
The 48th National Hockey League All-Star Game took place at General Motors Place in Vancouver, British Columbia, home to the Vancouver Canucks, on January 18, 1998.
The International Showdown
The 48th game was held in the very same year as the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, providing the NHL to show its players from all over the world. To this extent, the NHL had the All-Star teams consist of a team of North Americans playing against a team of stars from the rest of the world. The format change also helped to intensify the game, as national pride would also become a factor. These provisions only applied to the players — coaches would still be selected based on which teams were the best from each conference at the time of the break.
Final standings
Schedule and results
* At Yoyogi National Gymnasium in Tokyo, Japan
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty Minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against
Transactions
Trades
Draft picks
Vancouver's picks at the 1997 NHL Entry Draft in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
References
Canucks on Hockey Database
Vancouver Canucks seasons
Vancouver Canucks season, 1997-98
National Hockey League All-Star Game hosts
Vancouver C
The Tsurumi Line (,) is a group of 3 railway lines operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. Originally built to service the port and adjacent industrial area, the lines provide passenger services (especially for local workers) along a line between Tsurumi Station in Tsurumi-ku, Yokohama and Ōgimachi Station in Kawasaki-ku, Kawasaki, and 2 short branches with a total length of track to 9.7 km. The gauge is , two sections of the line have double track and the line is electrified at 1,500 V DC.
Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) operates on three segments of the line, often to carry petroleum and other chemicals from the numerous refineries and factories in the area. The line is also used to carry jet fuel from the US Navy fuel depot near Anzen Station through the Musashino Line to Yokota Air Base in west Tokyo.
Station list
All stations are located in Kanagawa Prefecture.
All trains stop at every station, except for trains to/from which pass .
Main Line
Umi-Shibaura Branch
Ōkawa Branch
Rolling stock
205-1100 series 3-car EMUs (since August 2004)
Three-car 205-1100 series EMU trainsets modified from former 205-0 series trainsets were introduced on the Tsurumi Line from 25 August 2004. Nine 205-1100 series 3-car trains operate on the line.
Former
KuMoHa 12 (Ōkawa Branch Line service, from December 1972 until March 1996)
72 series (from 1972 until January 1980)
101 series (from 1980 until March 1992)
103 series (from 2 August 1990 until 17 March 2006)
Freight
Locomotives seen hauling freight trains include the EF65 and DE10.
Other
A shuttle bus for Toshiba employees at runs in a loop between Asano, Shin-Shibaura, and Umi-Shibaura stations on a schedule alternating with Tsurumi Line trains. Both the bus and the stops are marked with the Toshiba logo.
History
The opened the Bentembashi to Hama-Kawasaki line, including the branch to Okawa in 1926, and extended the mainline to Ogimachi in 1928. In 1930, the Tsurumi to Bentembashi section opened, the lines were electrified at 600 V DC, and passenger services commenced on both lines. The Asano to Shin-Shibaura section opened as a freight-only line in 1932, and was extended to Umi-Shibaura in 1940, with passenger services commencing upon the opening of the extension.
The company was nationalised in 1943, and in 1948 the voltage was increased to 1,500 V DC.
References
External links
Stations of the Tsurumi Line (JR East)
Lines of East Japan Railway Company
Railway lines in Kanagawa Prefecture
1067 mm gauge railways in Japan
Railway lines opened in 1926
This is the order of battle for the Battle of Carabobo in 1821 in the Venezuelan War of Independence during the Spanish American wars of independence.
Order of battle
References
Spanish American wars of independence orders of battle
"When I Met You" is a song recorded by American singer Fantasia for their fifth studio album, The Definition Of... (2016). It was released on January 17, 2017, as the album's third single. "When I Met You" was written by Priscilla Hamilton and Ron Feemster, who produced the track with Ron Fair. RCA executives had originally wanted to release it as the second single from The Definition Of.... Fantasia preferred "Sleeping with the One I Love" (2016) and convinced the record label to release it as the second single instead after surveying listeners during various radio interviews.
Backed by bass, harmonica, and an organ, the mid-tempo, R&B and pop song's lyrics focus on finding love again in the wake of past heartbreak. It was inspired by Fantasia's relationship with husband Kendall Taylor. Music critics responded positively to "When I Met You", praising Fantasia's vocal performance and influences incorporated from earlier R&B artists. The single peaked at number 18 on the Adult R&B Airplay Billboard chart.
Directed by Derek Blanks, the single's accompanying music video features Fantasia's daughter Zion, who plays a younger version of their mother; husband Kendall Taylor and Kairo Whitfield, son of The Real Housewives of Atlanta cast member Shereé Whitfield, also appear in the video as Fantasia's love interests. The 1990s-inspired music video follows Fantasia as they develop a crush on a classmate before maturing and ultimately marrying their childhood friend instead. The music video received positive reviews from critics, who found it appropriate for Valentine's Day.
Production and release
"When I Met You" was written by Priscilla Hamilton and Ron Feemster, who produced the track with Ron Fair. Paul Jackson Jr. played guitar on the track, while Feemster played the organ and programmed the drums. Fair, who played the bass, harmonica, and piano, also arranged and produced Fantasia's vocals while acting as the conductor of the string section. The single was engineered by Fair and Pat Thrall, with strings supplied by Steve Genewick. Peter Mokran mixed the vocals, assisted by Chandler Harrod.
RCA executives had originally intended to release "When I Met You" as the second single from Fantasia's fifth studio album, The Definition Of... (2016). Fantasia disagreed with the label's decision, preferring to release the song "Sleeping with the One I Love" instead. They proceeded to conduct polls during a series of radio interviews, asking listeners to choose which track they wanted to be released. Ultimately, they voted for "Sleeping with the One I Love", which was released as the second single instead of "When I Met You". "When I Met You" became the album's third and last single, and was sent to urban adult contemporary radio stations on January 17, 2017.
Composition and lyrics
An R&B and pop song, "When I Met You" is a mid-tempo, ballad that is four minutes and 33 seconds in length. It is composed in the key of C-sharp minor and has a tempo of 80 beats per minute. The track was described as "reflective" by a writer from Rap-Up and Homorazzi.com's Donovan. Its instrumentation includes "snap-cadences and strings". PopCrushs Matthew Scott Donnelly identified the single as an "early '90s benevolent R&B-pop" song that reveals "how a relationship restored [Fantasia's] sense of self".
The song's lyrics revolve around the pursuit of love, functioning as an ode to Fantasia's husband Kendall Taylor. Throughout the single, Fantasia reveals their personal "journey to happiness" by singing, "When I met you, I met me too." They also share memories of their past heartbreaks using lyrics such as: “Listen to me when I tell you/Without them there would be no you/So yes, I thank my ex a little still." The song ends with a spoken word monologue, in which Fantasia details the first time they met Taylor. This part of the track includes lines such as: "I still remember the day, it was beautiful. And if I hadn't went through the things I went through before then I wouldn't know how special you are."
Reception
"When I Met You" received positive reviews from music critics. The track was selected as one of the highlights from The Definition Of... by a reviewer for the music website You Know I Got Soul, who praised Fantasia's vocals and them how they blended in influences from legendary R&B artists. While discussing the music video, the writer described the song as "showcas[ing] just why Fantasia is one of [R&B]'s elite artists" and felt it would appeal to fans of R&B music. The Boomboxs Amber McKynzie commended Fantasia for "bring[ing] the definition of love to life with this jubilant ballad". Matthew Scott Donnelly of PopCrush recommended "When I Met You" to fans of Fantasia's 2004 song "Truth Is".
"When I Met You" debuted at number 24 on the Adult R&B Airplay Billboard chart on February 18, 2017. It peaked at number 18, and remained on the chart for 13 weeks.
Music video
Background and casting
The music video for "When I Met You", directed by American photographer Derek Blanks, was filmed on Christmas Day 2016, around the same time Fantasia and Taylor renewed their wedding vows. On December 6, 2016, Fantasia released a behind-the-scenes video documenting the making of the music video on their official Facebook page.
The music video was released on January 27, 2017, and stars Fantasia's daughter Zion as a younger version of themselves and Taylor as their primary love interest. The protagonist's secondary love interest is played by Kairo Whitfield, the son of The Real Housewives of Atlanta cast member Shereé Whitfield. Fantasia said that the video was inspired by "that '90s throwback vibe," referring to that period as "[a] true era of music". They also identified their character's role in the video as someone who is "blinded by a false idea of love". A writer from Rap-Up summarized the video as "the story of romance through the years, from puppy love to marriage".
Synopsis and reception
The video begins with a short sample of Fantasia's song "Crazy", another track from The Definition Of..., accompanied by images from a high school yearbook. A teenage Fantasia is introduced discussing love with their friends while having a party in their bedroom. They develop a crush on a classmate, while rejecting the romantic advances from other men. Following a time jump, Fantasia leaves their boyfriend after discovering that they have been cheating on them with another woman. Close-up images of singers Whitney Houston and Aretha Franklin, and girl groups SWV and TLC are used throughout the video. The adult version of Fantasia is costumed in the 1990s fashion, such as hoop earrings, a choker, and a plaid shirt, as well as a hairstyle reminiscent of American singer T-Boz. Fantasia's clothing and hair are stylized after "a mix of TLC meets Jade". Following the break-up, Fantasia forms a relationship with their childhood male friend. After another time lapse, the video ends with Fantasia marrying their partner in a wedding ceremony.
Critical response to the video was positive. A writer from Singersroom praised it as a "tear jerker", describing it as a "throwback music video" that was appropriate for Valentine's Day. Echoing Singersroom, a writer from SoulBounce called it "a lovey dovey music video right in time for Valentine's Day". They wrote that the visual was "a family affair that will give you all the feels," saying that "it's great to get a glimpse at [Fantasia's] happily ever after". Anthony Chocolate from WDAS-FM called the video "romantic," and Donovan felt that it was "an equally touching affair". Donovan also enjoyed the casting of Zion and Taylor, believing that they "g[ave] the video some authenticity".
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Definition Of... , 19 Recordings, RCA.Personnel'
Arranged By [Strings], Bass, Conductor [Strings], Harmonica, Piano, Producer [Vocals] – Ron Fair
Arranged By [Vocals] – Priscilla "Priscilla Renea" Hamilton, Ron Fair
Drum Programming, Organ – Ron "NEFF-U" Feemster
Engineer [Recording] – Pat Thrall, Ron Fair
Engineer [Strings] – Steve Genewick
Guitar – Paul Jackson, Jr.
Producer – Priscilla "Priscilla Renea" Hamilton, Ron "NEFF-U" Feemster, Ron Fair
Written by – Priscilla "Priscilla Renea" Hamilton, Ron Feemster
Charts
References
External links
2010s ballads
2017 singles
Fantasia Barrino songs
2016 songs
Pop ballads
Contemporary R&B ballads
Songs written by Muni Long
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Theron Feemster
G-Man Comics is a micro-publisher. It began on June 22, 2019 with the publication of the first comicbook handbook in September 2019.
G-Man Comics is a guild style publisher featuring Rik Offenberger's Simon N. Kirby, the Agent, Sgt. Flag and Lynx. Jim Burrows Demon Priest, Champion of Liberty² and Outrage. Eric N. Bennett's American Eagle III, Blue Bolt and Taranis. Although each creator owns exclusive rights to their creation, they occupy a shared universe.
Titles
Simon N. Kirby, The Agent (Rik Offenberger, Gilbert Monsanto, Alan Faria, Steven Butler, Mort Todd, Dærick Gröss Sr., Thomas Florimonte, Pat Broderick, Joshua 1:9 Holley) - ongoing
G-Man Comics 3in1 (Rik Offenberger, Jim Burrows, Eric N. Bennett, Gilbert Monsanto, Alan Faria, Steven Butler, Michael Netzer, Bill Black, Eric Coile, Justin Vargas, Thomas Florimonte) - ongoing
G-Man Comics Christmas Special (Rik Offenberger, Steven Butler, Arnaldo dos Santos Ferreira Júnior, Joshua 1:9 Holley, Dean Juliette, Gilbert Monsanto, Bobby Ragland) - (December 2021)
Demon Priest Ashcan (Jim Burrows, Gilbert Monsanto) - (March 2020)
G-Man Comics Handbook (Rik Offenberger, Jim Burrows, Eric N. Bennett, Joe Sewell, Gilbert Monsanto, Phil Cho, Alan Faria) - ongoing
G-Men United (Rik Offenberger, Jim Burrows, Eric N. Bennett, Gilbert Monsanto, Bobby Ragland, David Ellis Leary, Earl Wajenberg, Fish Lee, Joshua 1:9 Holley, Lou Mougin, Luis Rivera, Steven Butler, Thomas Florimonte)- ongoing
Judah Maccabee (Rik Offenberger, ismail c. fentner, Gilbert Monsanto, Steven Butler) - (November 2021)
Invictus: Outrage (Jim Burrows, Gilbert Monsanto, Arnaldo dos Santos Ferreira Júnior, Mel Ford, Steven Butler, Joshua 1:9 Holley) - ongoing
Lynx (Rik Offenberger, Milton Estevam, Joshua 1:9 Holley, Mike Cody, Steven Butler, Mario Gully) - ongoing
Sgt. Flag (Rik Offenberger, Gilbert Monsanto, Gregg Whitmore, Bobby Ragland, Luis Rivera, Joshua 1:9 Holley, Steven Butler, Mike Gustovich, Rob Liefeld) - ongoing
Taranis, The Thunderlord (Eric N. Bennett, Arnaldo dos Santos Ferreira Júnior, Fernando Damasio, Ron Frenz, Joshua 1:9 Holley, Steven Butler) - ongoing
Black Phantom (Steve Perrin, Ronn Foss, John Jennings, Jim Burrows, Mell Ford, David Elis Leary) - ongoing
Characters
Agent Squires
American Eagle III
Atomik Bombshell
Bella Donna
Bette Noir
Bette Noir (The Original)
Blue Bolt
Celtic Gods
Champion of Liberty²
Dara
Demon Priest
Energist & Irene
G-Men (Team)
Judah "The Hammer" Maccabee
Kid Terror
Lynx
Mummy Girl
Pocahontas
Red Halo
Sgt. Flag
Simon N. Kirby: The Agent
Simone Lefort
Sister Flag
Tai-Chi Dragon
Taranis
Terror Noir
True Blue & Richard, The True Knight
Wildcard
References
External links
CBR Simon N. Kirby Suits Up in Agent Shield #1 and #2 Previews by Noah Dominguez
First Comics News G-Man Comics debuts Simon N. Kirby, The Agent
PREVIEWS WORLD'S The Scoop
Comic Chat Authority
My Big Fat Pull List
Jazma Online
Bleeding Cool
Comical Opinions
Publishing companies established in 2019
Privately held companies based in California
2019 establishments in California
Book publishing companies based in California
Superheroes
The 2002 Arizona Wildcats baseball team represented the University of Arizona during the 2002 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Wildcats played their home games at Frank Sancet Stadium. The team was coached by Andy Lopez in their 1st season at Arizona. Former head coach Jerry Stitt - who had been spent the previous 23 seasons on the coaching staff (the last 5 as head coach) - resigned prior to the season. The Wildcats finished with a record of 31-24 and placed 8th in the Pacific-10 Conference with 9-15 record.
Previous season
The Wildcats finished the 2001 season with an overall record of 33-23. They finished 5th in conference play with a record of 12-12. Arizona missed the postseason for a 2nd straight year and 4th time in Jerry Stitt's 5 seasons as head coach.
Personnel
Roster
Coaches
Opening day
Schedule and results
2002 MLB Draft
References
Arizona
Arizona Wildcats baseball seasons
Arizona baseball
A number of members of the Leake family were prominent and notable individuals in the Swan River Colony and the history of Perth, Western Australia – and the History of Western Australia.
Members of the family were included in the "six hungry families" who inter-married and sustained a significant political power in nineteenth century Perth.
Tree
List
Luke m. Miss Glover
Lucas (1682 Sudbury − 1749 Willisham) m. Elizabeth Brownrigg
George (1726–1771 Lothbury, London) m. Alice Webster (−1787)
Luke (1756 Lothbury-1799 Aldersgate, London) m. Ann Heading or Hidden (1758 Cliddersden-1836 Perth, WA)
Luke (1784 High Wycombe −1838 Perth, WA) m. Mary-Ann Walpole (1801–1872)
John (1827–1850 in California)
Sir Luke Samuel Leake (1828–1886) m. Louisa Walpole
George Walpole Leake (1825–1895) m1. Rose Ellen Gliddon m2. (1893) Amy Mabel May
George Leake (1856–1902) m. Louisa Emily Burt, daughter of Sir Archibald Burt
George Leake (1785–1849) m.1 Anne Growse m.2
John (1795–1850 in Adelaide)
Catherine
Notes
References
Erickson, Rica. Dictionary of Western Australians 1829–1914 – various entries
Further reading
Adam, Jane E. (née Leake), (d 1951) (1949).Reminiscences of early days in Perth ...completed in 1949 when they were in their 85th year. Typescript held in Battye Library. – library catalogue description has the social conditions, buildings, personalities of Perth in their childhood in the 1870s and as seen on visits in 1929 and later. Includes Leake family history from 1830–.
Chapman, Jenny.(1965) Perserverando : the Leake family in the political, economic and social life of W.A., 1829–1902, with particular reference to George Leake (1786–1849), Sir Luke Samuel Leake (1828–1886), and George Leake (1856–1902) held in Battye Library.
Family papers
Leake family. Papers, 1824–1904 [manuscript] Battye Library, MN 392, Leake family papers, ACC 871A, ACC 1955A, 4102A, 4441A, 4702A. Library catalogue part description of papers: George Walpole Leake (1825–1895) came to Western Australia on the "Cygnet" in 1833; became landowner in the Swan district, Crown Solicitor, Acting Attorney-General, 1874–1875. Their son George (1856–1902) was called to the Bar in 1880, becoming in turn Crown Solicitor, Public Prosecutor, Q.C., M.L.C. for Albany (1894–1900), then West Perth (1901–1902). Delegate to Australasian Federal Convention of 1897–1898. Premier of W.A. 1901–1902. Detailed listing available (MN 392)
Leake
History of Western Australia
Salty Brine, born Walter Leslie Brine (August 5, 1918 – November 2, 2004), was a well-known broadcaster in Rhode Island.
Early life
At age 10, they lost one of their legs, attempting to jump onto a freight train near their home in Arlington, Massachusetts. In later life, they would visit hospitals to encourage other children who had lost limbs.
Broadcasting history
Radio
Massachusetts
Salty's first jobs were in their native state of Massachusetts with WNAC: Boston, WESX: Salem, & WCOP: Boston.
WPRO
In September 1942, Salty joined WPRO. They hosted the morning show (originally called the "T.N.T. Review") from 1943 until April 28, 1993.
Television
From 1955 to 1968, they hosted "Salty Brine's Shack" on WPRO-TV/WPRI-TV, a live evening children's program. Its closing words, "Brush your teeth and say your prayers," remained their signature line through the rest of their life.
Other
Salty Brine was beloved for their famous catch-phrase, "no school Foster-Glocester"—a reference to the frequent school closings of the Foster-Glocester school district.
Awards and honors
1979: Inducted into the Rhode Island Heritage Hall of Fame.
April 1988: Named "Man of the Year" by the Rhode Island Advertising Club
June 23, 1990: the Galilee State Beach was renamed the Salty Brine State Beach.
October 1997: WPRO's transmitter/studio building on Wampanoag Trail was rededicated as the "Salty Brine Broadcasting Center".
May 22, 2008: Salty Brine was posthumously inducted into the Rhode Island Radio Hall of Fame.
References
External links
Salty Brine Page at Pages in Time
1918 births
2004 deaths
Radio personalities from Providence, Rhode Island
American television personalities
The 2022 Northwestern State Demons football team represents Northwestern State University as a member of the Southland Conference during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They are led by head coach Brad Laird, who is coaching their fifth season with the program. The Demons play their home games at Harry Turpin Stadium in Natchitoches, Louisiana.
Preseason
Preseason poll
The Southland Conference released their preseason poll on July 20, 2022. The Demons were picked to finish fifth in the conference.
Schedule
Northwestern State finalized their 2022 schedule on January 17, 2022.
References
Northwestern State Demons
Northwestern State Demons football seasons
Northwestern State Demons
Limehouse was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1889 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Limehouse
1st Class is the second full-length album that Large Professor released in 2002. It has a guest appearance from Large Professor's longtime friend Nas as well as Busta Rhymes, Akinyele and Q-Tip.
Track listing
All tracks produced by Large Professor, except where noted
"Intro"
"'Bout that Time"
"Ultimate"
"Brand New"
"Stay Chisel" (feat. Nas) *
"Akinyele (Live at the BBQ Pt. 2)" (feat. Akinyele)
"In the Sun" (feat. Q-Tip); produced by Xplicit
"Born to Ball"
"Kool"; produced by J-Love
"The Man"
"Large Pro"
"Alive in Stereo"; produced by Hill Inc.
"Blaze Rhymez II"
"On" (feat. Busta Rhymes)
"Hip Hop"
"Radioactive"
"Back To Back (Bonus)"
Charts
References
2002 albums
Large Professor albums
Matador Records albums
Albums produced by Large Professor
Peter Wilson Strader (November 6, 1818 – February 25, 1881) was an American politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1869 to 1871.
Biography
Born in Shawnee, New Jersey, Strader moved with their parents to Lebanon, Ohio, in 1819.
They attended the common schools.
They worked in a printing office for three years.
They moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1835.
Connected with the steamboat interests on the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers as a clerk and an engineer 1835–1848.
They served as general ticket agent of the Little Miami Railroad 1848–1867.
Congress
Strader was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-first Congress (March 4, 1869 – March 3, 1871).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1870.
Later career and death
They resumed their former business interests.
They moved to Ashtabula, Ohio, in 1876, where they died February 25, 1881.
They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Sources
External links
1818 births
1881 deaths
People from Lebanon, Ohio
Politicians from Ashtabula, Ohio
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Politicians from Cincinnati
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Pygmaclypeatus is a genus of trilobite-like arthropod from the Cambrian aged Chengjiang biota of southern China. It is less than 20 mm in length. The carapace is flat and broad, and slightly shorter than it is wide. The trunk has 6 tergites, along with a terminal pygidium associated with a segmented short tailspine. The well developed paddle-like exopodites on the trunk limbs along with the its small size suggests that it was an effective swimmer with a strong power stroke, and that it probably had a nektobenthic mode of life, swimming close to the ocean floor. Given its delicate spinose endites on the limbs it likely only consumed soft food and organic particles. It is considered to be closely related to Retifacies from the same deposit with shared characters including a segmented tailspine. It has been placed as a member of Artiopoda, possibly along with Retifacies the earliest diverging lineage of the Trilobitomorpha.
References
Cambrian arthropods
Monotypic arthropod genera
Fossil taxa described in 2000
Prehistoric animals of China
These 104 species belong to the genus Microgaster, braconid wasps.
Microgaster species
Microgaster acilius Nixon, 1968
Microgaster albomarginata Fahringer, 1935
Microgaster alebion Nixon, 1968
Microgaster archboldensis Fernandez-Triana, 2018
Microgaster arctostaphylica Shaw, 2012
Microgaster areolaris Thomson, 1895
Microgaster asramenes Nixon, 1968
Microgaster atropa de Saeger, 1944
Microgaster auriculata (Fabricius, 1804)
Microgaster australis Thomson, 1895
Microgaster balearica Marshall, 1898
Microgaster biaca Xu & He, 1998
Microgaster breviterebrae Xu & He, 2003
Microgaster brittoni Viereck, 1917
Microgaster campestris Tobias, 1964
Microgaster canadensis Muesebeck, 1922
Microgaster caris Nixon, 1968
Microgaster chrysosternis (Tobias, 1986)
Microgaster congregatiformis Viereck, 1917
Microgaster consors Nixon, 1968
Microgaster crassicornis Ruthe, 1860
Microgaster debilitata Papp, 1976
Microgaster deceptor Nixon, 1968
Microgaster deductor Nixon, 1968
Microgaster discoidus Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster ductilis Nixon, 1968
Microgaster dudichi Papp, 1961
Microgaster elegans Herrich-Schäffer, 1838
Microgaster epagoges Gahan, 1917
Microgaster erro Nixon, 1968
Microgaster eupolis Nixon, 1968
Microgaster famula Nixon, 1968
Microgaster femoralamericana Shenefelt, 1973
Microgaster ferruginea Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster filizinancae Koçak & Kemal, 2013
Microgaster fischeri Papp, 1960
Microgaster flaviventris Xu & He, 2002
Microgaster fulvicrus Thomson, 1895
Microgaster fusca Papp, 1959
Microgaster gelechiae Riley, 1869
Microgaster glabritergites Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster godzilla Fernandez-Triana & Kamino, sp. nov.
Microgaster gregaria (Schrank, 1781)
Microgaster harnedi Muesebeck, 1922
Microgaster himalayensis Cameron, 1910
Microgaster hospes Marshall, 1885
Microgaster hungarica Szépligeti, 1896
Microgaster hyalina Cresson, 1865
Microgaster intercus (Schrank, 1781)
Microgaster kuchingensis Wilkinson, 1927
Microgaster latitergum Song & Chen, 2004
Microgaster leechi Walley, 1935
Microgaster longicalcar Xu & He, 2003
Microgaster longicaudata Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster longiterebra Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster luctuosa Haliday, 1834
Microgaster magnifica Wilkinson, 1929
Microgaster memorata Papp, 1971
Microgaster meridiana Haliday, 1834
Microgaster messoria Haliday, 1834
Microgaster nerione Nixon, 1968
Microgaster nigricans Nees, 1834
Microgaster nitidula Wesmael, 1837
Microgaster nixalebion Shaw, 2004
Microgaster nixoni Austin & Dangerfield, 1992
Microgaster nobilis Reinhard, 1880
Microgaster novicia Marshall, 1885
Microgaster noxia Papp, 1976
Microgaster obscuripennata You & Xia, 1992
Microgaster opheltes Nixon, 1968
Microgaster ostriniae Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster pantographae Muesebeck, 1922
Microgaster parvistriga Thomson, 1895
Microgaster peroneae Walley, 1935
Microgaster phthorimaeae Muesebeck, 1922
Microgaster planiabdominalis You, 2002
Microgaster polita Marshall, 1885
Microgaster postica Nees, 1834
Microgaster procera Ruthe, 1860
Microgaster pseudotibialis Fahringer, 1937
Microgaster punctithorax Xu & He, 2000
Microgaster raschkiellae Shaw, 2012
Microgaster rava You & Zhou, 1996
Microgaster reticulata Shestakov, 1940
Microgaster rubricollis Spinola, 1851
Microgaster rufipes Nees, 1834
Microgaster ruralis Xu & He, 1998
Microgaster scopelosomae Muesebeck, 1926
Microgaster shennongjiaensis Xu & He, 2001
Microgaster stictica Ruthe, 1858
Microgaster subcompleta Nees, 1834
Microgaster subtilipunctata Papp, 1959
Microgaster syntopic Fernandez-Triana, 2018
Microgaster szelenyii Papp, 1974
Microgaster taishana Xu, They & Chen, 1998
Microgaster tianmushana Xu & He, 2001
Microgaster tjibodas Wilkinson, 1927
Microgaster tortricis (Schrank, 1781)
Microgaster tremenda Papp, 1971
Microgaster uliginosa Thomson, 1895
Microgaster utibilis Papp, 1976
Microgaster varicornis Rondani, 1872
Microgaster yichunensis Xu & Chen, 2002
Microgaster yunnanensis Xu & He, 1999
Microgaster zhaoi Xu & He, 1997
References
Microgaster
Lata (IAST: Lāṭa) was a historical region of India, located in the southern part of the present-day Gujarat state.
{
"type": "FeatureCollection",
"features": [
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": {"marker-symbol": "circle", "marker-size": "small", "title": "Bharuch" },
"geometry": {
"type": "Point",
"coordinates": [
72.995521556586,
21.705070581716
]
}
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "title": "Narmada river"},
"geometry": {
"type": "LineString",
"coordinates": [
[
72.637092601508,
21.655300931294
],
[
72.637092601508,
21.655300931294
],
[
72.719490062445,
21.668064018331
],
[
72.719490062445,
21.668064018331
],
[
72.785408031195,
21.66040630161
],
[
72.785408031195,
21.66040630161
],
[
72.843086253852,
21.669340264923
],
[
72.843086253852,
21.669340264923
],
[
72.966682445258,
21.683378231837
],
[
72.966682445258,
21.683378231837
],
[
73.055946361274,
21.720380860889
],
[
73.055946361274,
21.720380860889
],
[
73.117744456977,
21.738240793594
],
[
73.117744456977,
21.738240793594
],
[
73.142463695258,
21.805833278095
],
[
73.142463695258,
21.805833278095
],
[
73.436347972602,
21.933279360977
],
[
73.436347972602,
21.933279360977
],
[
73.524238597602,
21.97531156603
],
[
73.524238597602,
21.97531156603
],
[
73.67530060932,
21.878491491256
],
[
73.67530060932,
21.878491491256
],
[
73.781044017524,
21.822407699745
],
[
73.781044017524,
21.822407699745
],
[
73.901893626899,
21.855550782889
],
[
73.901893626899,
21.855550782889
],
[
74.017250072211,
21.911621558553
],
[
74.017250072211,
21.911621558553
],
[
74.142219554633,
21.957481239538
],
[
74.142219554633,
21.957481239538
],
[
74.19028474018,
21.939648675709
],
[
74.19028474018,
21.939648675709
]
]
}
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "title": "Mahi river"},
"geometry": {
"type": "LineString",
"coordinates": [
[
72.75244904682,
22.205630123338
],
[
72.75244904682,
22.205630123338
],
[
72.812873851508,
22.255207471022
],
[
72.812873851508,
22.255207471022
],
[
72.87192536518,
22.237412491883
],
[
72.87192536518,
22.237412491883
],
[
72.925483714789,
22.295873215099
],
[
72.925483714789,
22.295873215099
],
[
72.966682445258,
22.251394451528
],
[
72.966682445258,
22.251394451528
],
[
73.06006623432,
22.31620165138
],
[
73.06006623432,
22.31620165138
],
[
73.088905345649,
22.474915498923
],
[
73.088905345649,
22.474915498923
],
[
73.086158763617,
22.509173865526
],
[
73.086158763617,
22.509173865526
],
[
73.128730785102,
22.535813395144
],
[
73.128730785102,
22.535813395144
],
[
73.161689769477,
22.594148688191
],
[
73.161689769477,
22.594148688191
],
[
73.248207103461,
22.660063180413
],
[
73.248207103461,
22.660063180413
],
[
73.246833812445,
22.718345779679
],
[
73.246833812445,
22.718345779679
],
[
73.25782014057,
22.774071136488
],
[
73.25782014057,
22.774071136488
],
[
73.35532380268,
22.79179716412
],
[
73.35532380268,
22.79179716412
],
[
73.382789622992,
22.86647437752
],
[
73.382789622992,
22.86647437752
],
[
73.371803294867,
22.898104895974
],
[
73.371803294867,
22.898104895974
],
[
73.445961009711,
22.963872745577
],
[
73.445961009711,
22.963872745577
],
[
73.44321442768,
23.040982734426
],
[
73.44321442768,
23.040982734426
],
[
73.529731761664,
23.096575675545
],
[
73.529731761664,
23.096575675545
],
[
73.570930492133,
23.187496323919
],
[
73.570930492133,
23.187496323919
],
[
73.658821117133,
23.219051558082
],
[
73.658821117133,
23.219051558082
],
[
73.679420482367,
23.259431380383
],
[
73.679420482367,
23.259431380383
],
[
73.78516389057,
23.270786002845
],
[
73.78516389057,
23.270786002845
],
[
73.890907298774,
23.342676125789
],
[
73.890907298774,
23.342676125789
]
]
}
},
{
"type": "Feature",
"properties": { "title": "Tapi river"},
"geometry": {
"type": "LineString",
"coordinates": [
[
72.6600494608283,
21.090479585380372
],
[
72.6600494608283,
21.090479585380372
],
[
72.6710357889533,
21.151969188754794
],
[
72.6710357889533,
21.151969188754794
],
[
72.76716616004707,
21.14684602909989
],
[
72.76716616004707,
21.14684602909989
],
[
72.9017486795783,
21.249275507962288
],
[
72.9017486795783,
21.249275507962288
],
[
72.98689272254705,
21.305581408006674
],
[
72.98689272254705,
21.305581408006674
],
[
73.1983795389533,
21.218554123252904
],
[
73.1983795389533,
21.218554123252904
],
[
73.38514711707832,
21.274871770091345
],
[
73.38514711707832,
21.274871770091345
],
[
73.46754457801582,
21.262074195219835
],
[
73.46754457801582,
21.262074195219835
],
[
73.5993805155158,
21.25951454674188
],
[
73.5993805155158,
21.25951454674188
],
[
73.6982574686408,
21.23903575760248
],
[
73.6982574686408,
21.23903575760248
],
[
73.7202301248908,
21.305581408006674
],
[
73.7202301248908,
21.305581408006674
],
[
73.78614809364082,
21.354191872809384
],
[
73.78614809364082,
21.354191872809384
],
[
73.82185366004705,
21.42324216619154
],
[
73.82185366004705,
21.42324216619154
],
[
74.00862123817207,
21.479481242305223
],
[
74.00862123817207,
21.479481242305223
],
[
74.2146148905158,
21.51525844286566
],
[
74.2146148905158,
21.51525844286566
],
[
74.48103334754705,
21.441138770170692
],
[
74.48103334754705,
21.441138770170692
],
[
74.69526674598455,
21.379769855422072
],
[
74.69526674598455,
21.379769855422072
],
[
74.82710268348457,
21.303022516540466
],
[
74.82710268348457,
21.303022516540466
]
]
}
}
]
}
Location and extent
Shakti-Sangam-Tantra, a Shakt sampradaya text composed before 7th century CE, states that Lata was located to the west of Avanti (India) and to the north-west of Vidarbha.
According to Tej Ram Sharma, Lata's northern boundary was formed by the Mahi River, or at times, by the Narmada River. In the south, Lata extended up to the Purna River, and at times, up to Daman. It included Surat, Bharuch, Kheda and Vadodara.
According to Georg Bühler, Lata was the area between Mahi River and Kim River, and its major city was Bharuch.
Historical mentions
The Lata region is not mentioned in the earliest of the Puranas or the Sanskrit epics. The earliest mention of the region probably comes from the writings of the 2nd century Greco-Egyptian writer Ptolemy. The Larike mentioned by them is identified with Lata by multiple scholars including H. D. Sankalia and D. C. Sircar, The Greek name might have derived from Lār-deśa ("Lār country"), the Prakrit form of Lāṭa. Ptolemy mentions that the delta of the river Mophis (identified with Mahi) and Barygaza (Bharuch) were located in Larike. Vatsayayana in their Kama Sutra of the third century calls it Láṭa; describes it as situated to the west of Malwa; and gives an account of several of the customs of its people.
In Sanskrit writings and inscriptions later than the third century, the name is frequently found. In the sixth century, the astronomer Varahamihira mentions the country of Láṭa, and the name also appears as Láṭa in an Ajanta and in a Mandasor inscription of the fifth century. It is common in the later inscriptions (a.d. 700–1200) of the Chaulukya, Gurjara and Ráshṭrakúṭa kings as well as in the writings of Arab travellers and historians between the eighth and twelfth centuries. Dipavamsa and Mahavamsa mention that Prince Vijaya came from the Sinhapura city in the Lala or Lada region. This region is variously identified as Lata in Gujarat or Rarh in Bengal.
In the Gupta-era records, Lata is mentioned as a vishaya (IAST: viṣaya) or district. The Lāṭa-viṣaya was well-known until the 8th century.
The Latesvara country mentioned in some early Gurjara-Pratihara and Rashtrakuta records is probably same as Lata.
The Chalukyas of Lata ruled the region during the 10th and 11th centuries.
References
Bibliography
Historical Indian regions
History of Gujarat
Alastair Culham (born 1965) is an English botanist.  They are a member of the staff of the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Reading and Curator of the University of Reading Herbarium (RNG). They specialise in plant taxonomy, biosystematics and applications of techniques from molecular biology, phytogeography and phylogenetics. They focus on broad-based research in biodiversity and taxonomy.
One aspect of their research concerns the effects of climate change on biodiversity. They have contributed to papers on the impacts of climate change on plant evolution as well as reviews of data source quality and computational approaches to large-scale niche modelling.
Their work on the evolutionary biology of plants of interest to horticulture includes relationships within Pelargonium (a collaboration with Mary Gibby of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh), evolutionary patterns within plant genera on islands, with emphasis on Echium, the phylogenetic history of Drosera and phylogenetic and taxonomic revision on Actaea and Ranunculaceae tribe Actaeae (in collaboration with James Compton), a phylogenetic evaluation of Plectranthus and Solenostemon (coleus) (in collaboration with Alan Paton from the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew) and recently a review of Cyclamen phylogeny and classification (in collaboration with James Compton and The Cyclamen Society).
Culham is also engaged in research on the use of molecular markers for the study of genetic diversity within plant populations for the conservation of endangered species. This was applied in a project to determine the genetic diversity within Toromiro (Sophora toromiro), an endemic plant of Easter Island (in collaboration with Mike Maunder).
In fungi they have worked on development of molecular markers for identification of phytopathogenic soil fungi of the genus Fusarium with colleagues Roland Fox and Prashant Mishra of the University of California.
As of 2012 they coordinate the i4Life project, having recently completed the project that built the Catalogue of Life.
Along with Vernon Heywood, Richard Kenneth Brummitt and Ole Seberg, Culham is the author of the standard reference book, Flowering Plant Families of the World. They also sit on the editorial board of the Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society and the Science Committee of the Royal Horticultural Society.
References
External links
University of Reading profile
Blog posts on 'Digitally Ready'
British botanists
Living people
Academics of the University of Reading
1965 births
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1956–57 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bahrain
1956–57 in Bahraini football
This is a list of all the banks incorporated in Romania .
Banks incorporated in Romania
Retail banks (foreign-owned banks)
Alpha Bank
Banca Comercială Română (part of the Erste Group)
BRD – Groupe Société Générale
Crédit Agricole
Credit Europe Bank
Garanti BBVA (part of the BBVA Group)
First Bank
Idea Bank
Intesa Sanpaolo
Libra Internet Bank
Vista Bank
OTP Bank
Porsche Bank
ProCredit Bank
Raiffeisen Bank
UniCredit Bank
Retail banks (domestically-owned banks)
Banca Romana de Credite si Investitii (formerly ATEbank Romania)
Banca Românească (part of the EximBank Group)
Banca Transilvania
CEC Bank
Patria Bank
TechVentures Bank
Corporate banks
EximBank
Romanian branches of international banks
Retail banks
ING
BNP Paribas Personal Finance
TBI Bank
Corporate banks
Blom Bank France
BNP Paribas Fortis
Citibank Europe
List of systemic banks
As of 2022, the National Committee of Macroprudential Oversight of Romania has identified 9 locally-incorporated banks as systematically important and thus have to meet more stringent requirements:
Banca Transilvania
Banca Comercială Română (Erste Group)
UniCredit Bank
BRD – Groupe Société Générale
Raiffeisen Bank
CEC Bank
Alpha Bank
OTP Bank
EximBank
Market share of banks
The market share of banks in terms of assets (above 1%):
Discontinued operations
References
"British bank launches new branch" The Diplomat Bucharest
"Bank makes first venture abroad - Portugal" The Diplomat Bucharest
"Doha Bank opens office in Bucharest" Gulf Times
Banks
Romania
Banks
Romania
Robert Russell was the member of Parliament for Coventry in 1298. They were a merchant.
References
Members of the Parliament of England for Coventry
English MPs 1298
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English merchants
Iconella is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are about 38 described species in Iconella, found throughout most of the world.
Species
These 38 species belong to the genus Iconella:
Iconella aeolus (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella albinervis (Tobias, 1964)
Iconella alfalfae (Nixon, 1960)
Iconella andydeansi Fernández-Triana, 2013
Iconella argante (Nixon, 1976)
Iconella assabensis (Shenefelt, 1972)
Iconella cajani (Wilkinson, 1928)
Iconella canadensis Fernández-Triana, 2013
Iconella compressiabdominis (You & Tong, 1991)
Iconella detrectans (Wilkinson, 1928)
Iconella etiellae (Viereck, 1911)
Iconella fedtschenkoi (Kotenko, 1986)
Iconella inula Papp, 2012
Iconella isolata (Muesebeck, 1955)
Iconella isus (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella jason (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella jayjayrodriguezae Fernández-Triana, 2013
Iconella lacteoides (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella lynceus (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella masallensis (Abdinbekova, 1969)
Iconella memorata Kotenko, 2007
Iconella mera (Kotenko, 1992)
Iconella merata (Kotenko, 1981)
Iconella merula (Reinhard, 1880)
Iconella meruloides (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella mongashtensis Zargar & Gupta, 2019
Iconella myeloenta (Wilkinson, 1937)
Iconella nagyi (Papp, 1975)
Iconella oppugnator (Papp, 1974)
Iconella pyrene (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella rudolphae (Kotenko, 1986)
Iconella similus Zargar & Gupta, 2019
Iconella subcamilla (Tobias, 1976)
Iconella tedanius (Nixon, 1965)
Iconella turanica (Telenga, 1955)
Iconella valiko Kotenko, 2007
Iconella verae (Tobias, 1976)
Iconella vindicius (Nixon, 1965)
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The men's +80 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 28 of June at the Salou Pavilion.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time (Golden Point)
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Interstate 680 (I-680) is a north–south auxiliary Interstate Highway in Northern California. It curves around the eastern cities of the San Francisco Bay Area from San Jose to I-80 at Fairfield, bypassing cities along the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay such as Oakland and Richmond while serving others more inland such as Pleasanton and Concord.
Built in the 1920s and designated in 1955, I-680 begins at a junction with I-280 and US Route 101 (US 101/Bayshore Freeway) and heads northeast and north-northwest through the northeast part of San Jose. After passing State Route 237 (SR 237) in Milpitas and SR 262 in Fremont, I-680 abruptly turns northeast (where a connection to a SR 238 freeway was planned) and enters the hills and valleys of the California Coast Ranges. The highway crosses over Mission Pass, also known as the Sunol Grade, and descends into the Sunol Valley, where it meets SR 84 near Sunol. From Sunol, I-680 again heads north-northwesterly through valleys, including the San Ramon Valley, along the Calaveras Fault. Junctions along this portion include I-580 in Dublin and SR 24 in Walnut Creek. Beyond the latter interchange, a three-way directional junction with the SR 24 freeway west to Oakland, I-680 heads north into Pleasant Hill, where SR 242 splits and I-680 again heads northwesterly. After the junction with SR 4 in Martinez, the highway crosses the Carquinez Strait on the Benicia–Martinez Bridge, immediately meeting the east end of I-780 on the Benicia end. The remainder of I-680, from Benicia to I-80 at Fairfield, lies between a hilly area to the west representing the southwestern tip of the Vaca Mountains, and a marshy area (along the Suisun Bay and Cordelia Slough) to the east.
Route description
The route begins at US 101 at the Joe Colla Interchange, where it acts as a continuation of I-280 eastward. From here, it begins its journey northward through San Jose, where it meets the Capitol Expressway, signed as County Route G21 (CR G21), about northeast of I-680's southern terminus. The next exit northbound is SR 130, which is also known as Alum Rock Avenue, unsigned at the intersection. As it continues through Santa Clara County, it meets numerous local roads before interchanging with the Montague Expressway (CR G4). Here, it exits San Jose and enters the city of Milpitas, where it meets SR 237, often referred to as Calaveras Boulevard. After one more intersection, I-680 exits Santa Clara County and enters Alameda County.
In Alameda County, the freeway begins in the city of Fremont, where it intersects SR 262, which was unsigned until 2000. Continuing through the city, it meets Mission Boulevard at SR 238 before exiting the city. Prior to 2002, two ghost ramps existed here, remains of an abandoned freeway project replacing Mission Boulevard. Amid Alameda County, it abruptly turns northeastward and enters a hilly area, where it crosses over Mission Pass, and descends into the Sunol Valley, where it runs concurrently with SR 84 for a short while. Afterward, it enters Pleasanton and intersects with I-580, currently California's longest auxiliary Interstate providing access to Oakland and the Central Valley. It enters Dublin for a short segment before exiting the county and entering Contra Costa County.
Upon entering Contra Costa County, the route meets numerous local roads through the cities of San Ramon, Danville, and Alamo before entering Walnut Creek, where it meets SR 24. I-680 then enters Pleasant Hill for a short time and Concord, where it meets SR 242. Upon exiting Concord, it meets SR 4. It then enters Martinez, where it follows the Benicia–Martinez Bridge over the Carquinez Strait, on which the route crosses the county line and enters Benicia in Solano County. On the Benicia–Martinez Bridge, I-680 northbound is tolled, while I-680 southbound is free. In Benicia, I-680 interchanges with I-780. It then exits the city and, after passing through rural areas, routing parallel to the San Joaquin Delta, it enters Fairfield, where it meets I-80, which is the route's northern terminus.
In the wake of the September 11 attacks, a US flag was painted on a large piece of concrete on a hill along the Sunol Grade. It stayed there for nine years before the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans) painted it over, as the mural had been painted on without authorization. Due to this action being taken shortly before July 4, 2010, and also due to the mural's fame, this was met with controversy. The flag was replaced shortly later.
Of the above names, only the name Sinclair Freeway for its designated portion usually appears on maps, and the other portions on maps are always unnamed, referred to as simply I-680.
I-680 is part of the California Freeway and Expressway System and is part of the National Highway System, a network of highways that are considered essential to the country's economy, defense, and mobility by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). I-680 is eligible to be included in the State Scenic Highway System from the Santa Clara–Alameda county line to SR 24 in Walnut Creek but is only a scenic route from Mission Boulevard to the Contra Costa county line and from the Alameda county line to SR 24; this means that those portions are substantial sections of highway passing through a "memorable landscape" with no "visual intrusions", where the potential designation has gained popular favor with the community.
Tolls
Express lanes
There are two sections of High-occupancy toll (HOT) lanes along I-680. The southbound HOT lane along I-680 between SR 84 in Alameda County and through the Sunol Grade to SR 237 in Santa Clara County opened on September 20, 2010. The northbound HOT lane along the same stretch opened in October 2020 but initially as high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lanes; tolling was halted on this segment of I-680 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and will be resumed in fall 2022.
HOT lanes then opened in October 2017 in both directions on the portion from slightly south of Alcosta Boulevard near the Alameda–Contra Costa line to Rudgear Road in Walnut Creek. On August 20, 2021, the southbound HOT lanes were extended north from Rudgear Road to Marina Vista Boulevard in Martinez.
, the HOT lanes' hours of operation is weekdays between 5:00 am and 8:00 pm. Solo drivers are tolled using a congestion pricing system based on the real-time levels of traffic. Carpools, motorcycles, and clean air vehicles with two or more people are not charged. For clean-air vehicles with a solo driver, 50 percent of the posted toll is charged. All tolls are collected using an open road tolling system, and therefore there are no toll booths to receive cash. Each vehicle is required to carry either a FasTrak Flex or CAV (Clean Air Vehicle) transponder, with its switch set to indicate the number of the vehicle's occupants (one, two, three, or more). Solo drivers may also use the FasTrak standard tag without the switch. Drivers without any FasTrak tag will be assessed a toll violation regardless of whether they qualified for free.
Benicia–Martinez Bridge
Tolls are collected only for northbound traffic on the Benicia–Martinez Bridge. An open road tolling system is also used on the bridge, and they can be paid by either a FasTrak transponder or license plate tolling. The high-occupancy vehicle (HOV) lane leading to the bridge requires a car with three or more people.
History
Historic routing
By the 1920s, a road ran south from Martinez through Walnut Creek, Dublin, Danville, and Sunol to Mission San Jose, where it met Legislative Route 5 (Mission Boulevard, signed over the years as US 48, US 101E, SR 9, and now SR 238). It was not yet paved south of Dublin, where it crossed Mission Pass between the Sunol Valley and the San Francisco Bay basin. The majority of this roadway was added to the state highway system in 1933 as portions of several routes: Route 108 from Mission San Jose to Sunol, Route 107 from Sunol to Walnut Creek, and Route 75 from Walnut Creek to Pleasant Hill.
At Martinez, the Martinez–Benicia Ferry took automobiles across the Carquinez Strait to Benicia, where Route 7, one of the original state highways from the 1910 bond issue, led north and northeast past Fairfield toward Sacramento and Oregon. The portion north from Benicia to Fairfield became part of Route 74 in 1935, when Route 7 was realigned to the more direct American Canyon route that is now I-80. None of the asupervisorstioned roads were given state sign route numbers in 1934, when that system was laid out, but, by 1937, they had been numbered SR 21. This route began at the intersection of Warm Springs Boulevard and Brown Road in Warm Springs, where Route 5 and Route 69 (SR 17) split, followed Route 5 along Mission Boulevard to Mission San Jose (this part later became a concurrency with SR 9), and then continued to US 40 (Route 7) at Cordelia. The routing was very close to the present I-680, following such roads as Pleasanton Sunol Road, San Ramon Valley Boulevard, Danville Boulevard, Main Street in Walnut Creek, Contra Costa Boulevard, and Pacheco Boulevard.
The portion of SR 21 between Pleasant Hill and Martinez was finally added to the state highway system in 1949, as a branch of Route 75. The ferry approach in Benicia became a spur of Route 74 in 1947, and, in 1953, it was transferred to Route 75. The same law, effective immediately as an urgency measure, authorized the Department of Public Works to acquire the ferry system, then operated by the city of Martinez, which was planning to shut it down. Ownership was transferred just after midnight on October 6, 1953.
History as an Interstate
The Bureau of Public Roads approved urban routes of the Interstate Highway System on September 15, 1955, including a loop around the San Francisco Bay, soon numbered I-280 and I-680. The east half (I-680) began at the interchange of US 101 north of Downtown San Jose and followed the Nimitz Freeway (SR 17/Route 69, now I-880) to the split at Warm Springs (the present location of SR 262), SR 21 to Benicia, and Route 74 (no sign route number) to I-80 in Vallejo. The first piece of I-680 freeway built, other than the preexisting Nimitz Freeway, was in the late 1950s, along the SR 24 overlap between North Main Street in Walnut Creek and Monument Boulevard in Pleasant Hill. A southerly extension, bypassing downtown Walnut Creek to South Main Street, opened on March 22, 1960, connecting with the SR 24 freeway to Oakland. In the next decade, the freeway was completed from Vallejo south to SR 238 at Mission San Jose, and the roadway north from Benicia to Fairfield, which became the only remaining piece of SR 21, was also upgraded to freeway standards.
In the 1964 state highway renumbering, the legislative designation was changed to Route 680. SR 17 was officially moved to former Route 5 between San Jose and Warm Springs, which had not had a signed designation since the Nimitz Freeway (then I-680) was constructed, but this was instead marked as part of SR 238 (which replaced SR 9 north of Mission San Jose), and SR 17 remained signed along the Nimitz Freeway. This was very short-lived, as the Bureau of Public Roads approved a shift in the south end of I-680 in October 1964. The legislature changed the routes in 1965, swapping Route 17 and Route 680 south of Warm Springs and creating a new SR 262 on the short roadway at Warm Springs where they had overlapped to switch sides. However, until I-680 was completed in the early-to-mid 1970s, it remained signed along the Nimitz Freeway, and the old road between San Jose and Warm Springs continued to be marked as SR 238. One more change was made to the routing of I-680: in July 1973, the remainder of SR 21, from Benicia to Fairfield, was added to the Interstate Highway System. This became the new alignment of I-680, and the old route to Vallejo became I-780. The corresponding changes were made by the state legislature in 1976.
Exit list
See also
References
External links
Bay Area FasTrak – includes toll information on the I-680 Express Lanes, the Benicia–Martinez Bridge, and the other Bay Area toll facilities
California Highways: Interstate 680
California @ AARoads.com - I-680
Caltrans: Route 680 highway conditions
80-6
680
80-6 California
6 California
Interstate 80-6
Interstate 80-6
Interstate 80-6
Interstate 80-6
680
Nicolae Ghiţă (born 16 November 1967) is a Romanian former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
The Super Copa Gaúcha (), was a tournament organized by the FGF during 2013 to 2016 reuniting the winners of Copa Metropolitana, Copa Serrana (Copa Norte), Copa Sul-Fronteira (Copa Sul), and Copa FGF. The winner of the competition won the classification for the Copa do Brasil of the next season, and for the Recopa Gaúcha.
List of champions
Following is the list with all the champions of the Super Copa Gaúcha.
References
External links
Federação Gaúcha de Futebol
Football competitions in Rio Grande do Sul
AB Sat is a package of digital terrestrial television channels (encrypted with Viaccess and Mediaguard) offered by the satellite companies Hot Bird and Astra and marketed in France, Belgium, Switzerland and Germany. The channels are all (or partly) run by the cable operators and certain networks ADSL. ABSAT has a stake on two digital terrestrial television channels (TMC and NT1). The company is chaired by Michele Cotta.
History
The company AB Groupe was launched in 1995 as the second satellite package in France (after the launch of CanalSat in 1992), as part of the shift from analogue to digital television. The package creates some big names in media, such as Claude Berda (current president of AB), who hired Christian Dutoit (member of CSA, former head of TF1, the production of Antenne 2, founder of many channels such as La Cinq, LCI and I>Télévision), Ghislain Achard (former head of the France Télévisions group until 2005) and Marc Sillam (former big name in cinema). The society only had a small market share in satellite television compared to CanalSat a few months before the innovation of many points, such as:
First digital broadcast by satellite on a French package in March 1995 (beating giant Canal+'s broadcast two months later)
First and only satellite television package offering two choices simultaneously on satellite and cable. This made it possible to put in place digital receivers compatible with access controls (encryption) for all the French packages (AB Sat and CanalSat and/or TPS are available). In 1999, the AB group reviewed the policy, and officially abandoned the sale of these decoders in France. This was reviewed again in 2003, notably with a receiver with an installation disc which permitted the registration functions.
"Best price" offers for a contract offering one-fifth of the channels (from 49 francs / 7.5 Euros per month) in 1996.
Launch of 18 digital channels in three months (technical process launched and equipped under technical director Jean-Marc Fonseca).
Creation of the first themed channels : "life", "animals", "manga", "motors", "FIT TV", etc.
First encrypted channel reserved for adults to be approved by the CSA (XXL).
Launch of digital satellite "zapper box" for a very low price in 1996: less than 2 000 francs (around 300 euros).
In 1999, an agreement was reached allowing the incorporation of AB channels into packages from other companies and allowing the customer to pay for more channels to be incorporated into the basic package, an option still available today.
Launch in May 2005 of prepaid cards allowing access to contract channels for a period of three to six months (not available with the rental of TPS decoders, but available for other companies).
In June 2006, AB Sat had 30000 contracts direct to satellite.
September 2007: the group looks at allowing all satellite customers access to digital terrestrial television channels via Hot Bird and Atlantic Bird 3 satellites.
On 22 September 2007 a decision was reached obliging the AB SAT package to provide the public service channels France 2, France 3, France 4 and France 5 as well as Arte, LCP and TV5 Monde. On 24 October 2007, the channels France3 sat, France4, France5, France O and LCP arrived in the Absat package. At the end of November TF1 also arrived.
Since December 2007, Absat have offered the Bis Télévisions package, allowing all terrestrial channels in the ABSat package in their basic offer. The price is 4.90 Euros per month, without the Cinérama and Night options at an extra 4.90 Euros.
Satellite package
Bis Télévisions FRANCE :
AB Sat Belgique :
AB3, AB4, AB1, RTL9, TMC, NT1, MANGAS, ANIMAUX, AB MOTEURS, XXL (22h30/05h), ESCALES, ENCYCLOPEDIA, FIT-TV, TOUTE L'HISTOIRE, DORCEL TV (24/24h), CINE FX, CINE FIRST, CINE POP, CINE POLAR, ACTION and CHASSE ET PECHE
ABSat Europe et Moyen-Orient :
AB1, RTL9, TMC, NT1, MANGAS, ANIMAUX, AB MOTEURS, XXL (22h30/05h), ESCALES, ENCYCLOPEDIA, FIT-TV, TOUTE L'HISTOIRE, DORCEL TV (24/24h), CINE FX, CINE FIRST, CINE POP, CINE POLAR, ACTION and CHASSE ET PECHE
Channels
General
For a long time, the increase in general channels has not translated to a similar acquisition of programmes, with the arrival of the command of Michèle Cotta in the board of AB Sat (In May 2006, Michèle Cotta rejoined the JLA group, the A in AB) and of the digitalisation of programmes which allowed the growth of the portfolio in programmes, the channels have operated a little with a level of coherence and the presence of the same series, films, and telefilms on all three channels.
AB1
NT1
RTL9, acquired 65% in 1998
TMC Monte Carlo, acquired 40% in 2004 (40% owned by TF1)
AB3 for contracts in Belgium
AB4 For contracts in Belgium
Cinema
The AB Sat package is the first package to theme their cinema channels, an idea copied today by all other French packages. The original five channels offered were : Action, Crime, Cinema Palace, Life and Romance. Action didn't survive, and was replaced by the option of Passions on TPS in 1999, the other channels were also reformatted. In September 2002, AB Sat launched the Ciné Box package with Ciné FX, Ciné Polar, Ciné Comic and Ciné Box. The package was not successful, and two channels disappeared in 2004 : Ciné Comic and Ciné Box. The two other channels, Ciné FX and Ciné Polar were taken in by the cinema package of Canalsat and TPS. The most part of the cinema channels was shared equally on cable in France and Belgium.
Action
Ciné Fx (the only French channel 100% dedicated to science-fiction, fantasy and horror)
Ciné Polar
Sport
AB moteurs
Orange sport Info
Documentaries and true-life
Encyclopédia
Toutel'Histoire
Animaux
Escales
Chasse et Pêche
Specialised
Mangas
XXL (channel reserved for pornography and other pay channels)
Fit TV (fitness)
Vidéoclick (Themed)
Télé Marseille (Local channel that Absat launched)
Former channels
Music
Musique classique (television channel) (Cancelled in 2007)
Nostalgie TV, later RFM TV (Cancelled in April 2005)
Onyx (German channel) became documentary channel : Terra Nova (since cancelled)
'Zik (Cancelled 31 December 2007)
Sport
AB Sport, bought from the Pathé group in 1998 (Pathé sport) and since become Sport+
France Courses (daily live racing)
Cinema
Hollywood Stars
Ciné Box (Cinema channel cancelled end of August 2004)
Ciné Comic (Cinema channel cancelled end of August 2004)
Ciné Palace
Canal Hollywood
Rire
Romance
Others
Terranova (documentary)
Vive la vie TV (now Fit TV, now closed in 2003)
AB5
References
External links
Group site
Non-official site of Bis TV
Television guide for AB Sat
Mediawan Thematics
Direct broadcast satellite services
Leopold Wionsowsky was a Polish footballer who played as a striker. They played for Servette, Old Boys and FC Basel. They later became a trainer/manager and worked for Nordstern Basel and Servette.
Football career
Wionsowsky played youth football for Servette They played four seasons for their first team from 1916–17 to 1919–1920. In the 1917–18 Swiss Serie A season they won the Swiss championship with their club. They moved on to Old Boys for the 1920–21 season and played there for nine years.
Wionsowsky joined Basel's first team in the 1929–30 season. After playing in two test games they played their team debut in the Swiss Cup match on 25 August 1929 against FC Diana Zürich. Basel won 6–2 and they scored one of the goals. They played their domestic league debut for the club in the home game at the Landhof on 20 October 1929 as Basel won 1–0 against their former club Old Boys. They scored their first league goal for their new club on 16 February 1930 in the home game against FC Bern as Basel won 9–2.
Between the years 1929 and 1932 Wionsowsky played a total of 50 games for Basel scoring a total of 17 goals. 30 of these games were in the Swiss Serie A, seven in the Swiss Cup and 13 were friendly games. They scored seven goal in the domestic league, six in the cup and the other four were scored during the test games.
They later became trainer/manager and worked for Nordstern Basel and Servette.
Honours
Sevette
Swiss Serie A: 1917–18
References
Sources
Rotblau: Jahrbuch Saison 2017/2018. Publisher: FC Basel Marketing AG.
Die ersten 125 Jahre. Publisher: Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag, Basel.
Verein "Basler Fussballarchiv" Homepage
FC Basel players
BSC Old Boys players
Servette FC players
Association football forwards
Polish footballers
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Çatağıl can refer to:
Çatağıl, Burdur
Çatağıl, İscehisar
"Freunde" (Friends) is a song by Die Toten Hosen. It's the fourth single and the twelfth track from the album Zurück zum Glück.
The song is a hymn and an ode to friendship overall.
Music video
The music video was directed by Sven Bollinger. It shows the band walking to an empty office building, where they then perform the song. In between photos of friends are shown.
Track listing
"Freunde" (Frege, von Holst/Frege) − 3:11
"Irgendjemand, nur nicht ich" (Somebody, just not me) (von Holst/Frege) - 3:07
"The Guns of Brixton" (Paul Simonon/Simonon) - 3:00 (The Clash cover)
Charts
2005 singles
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
2005 songs
Loudoun County, Virginia is divided into eight magisterial districts: Algonkian, Ashburn, Blue Ridge, Broad Run, Catoctin, Dulles, Leesburg, and Sterling. The magisterial districts each elect one supervisor to the Board of Supervisors which governs Loudoun County. There is also a Chair elected by the county at-large, bringing total Board membership to nine. A Vice-Chair is selected by the Board from among its membership. The current Chair is Phyllis Randall. The current Vice-Chair is Koran Saines, the Sterling District Supervisor. They have served as Vice-Chair since January 2020. Board members serve four-year terms. Salaries for the current Board term of 2020-2023 were set by the previous Board in July 2017.
Responsibilities
The Board of Supervisors sets county policies, adopts ordinances, appropriates funds, approves land rezonings and special exceptions to the zoning ordinance, and carries out other responsibilities set forth by the State Code. The Board appoints a County Administrator, who manages county operations; the Planning Commission, which serves in an advisory capacity on land use issues; and various other boards and commissions. The Board also appoints the County Attorney. The Board of Supervisors acts within the limits set forth by the Virginia General Assembly.
Meeting schedule
The Board of Supervisors meeting schedule is set forth is its Rules of Order. Business meetings typically occur twice monthly, beginning on the first Tuesday of the month at 5:00 p.m. The Board holds one public hearing monthly, currently on the Wednesday at 6:00 p.m. that follows the first business meeting. The second business meeting occurs at 5:00 p.m. on the next Tuesday following the public hearing. The Board's standing committees also usually meet monthly. The meetings are held at the Loudoun County Government Center, 1 Harrison Street, S.E. in Leesburg. The Board's official meeting schedule is published in accordance with § 2.2-3707 of Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) on the master calendar on the county's website.
Actions
As empowered by the Code of Virginia, the Board of Supervisors typically takes action within its purview during each of its business meetings, public hearings, and standing committee meetings. The Board has both administrative and legislative responsibilities, some of which are discharged in the role of the local governing body and some of which have derived from its function as an administrative subdivision of the state. The powers and duties of the Board of Supervisors include:
Adopting the county budget (establishing appropriations and setting the tax rates);
Approving and enforcing the county's comprehensive land use plan and related ordinances;
Making and enforcing ordinances for public safety, sanitation, health and other regulations permitted by state laws; and
Providing for the care and treatment of indigent and handicapped citizens.
Over time, a Board of Supervisors may take thousands of individual actions in open session by motion and majority vote during its meetings. The official actions of the Loudoun County Board of Superiors are documented on the county's website, in the form of a copy teste, a "true copy" of the county's official record of Board actions, produced, signed, and published by the clerk on the county's website.
Current membership
Currently, Democrats hold six seats on the board. Republicans hold three seats. Sterling District Supervisor, Koran Saines, has served as Vice-Chair since January 2020.
Past memberships
In November 2015, Loudoun voters made history when they elected their first two Black supervisors: Phyllis Randall (Chair-At-Large) and Koran Saines (Sterling). They also elected their youngest-ever supervisor, Broad Run District Supervisor Ron Meyer, who was 26 at the time of their election. Ashburn District Supervisor, Ralph Buona, served as Vice-Chair all four years of the term.
In November 2011, Republicans were elected to all nine seats on the Board. Over the course of the four-year term, three supervisors served as the Vice-Chair: Janet Clarke (Blue Ridge), Shawn Williams (Broad Run), and Ralph Buona (Ashburn). Clarke was elected Vice-Chair on January 3, 2012 and served until December 31, 2012, choosing not to hold the position a second year. On January 2, 2013, Williams was elected to serve as the next Vice-Chair, a position they held until March 2015. Williams resigned the Vice-Chair post on March 16, 2015 after a 2006 arrest for assault in Ocean City, Maryland resurfaced. Two days later, on March 18, 2015, the Board elected Buona as the new Vice-Chair, a position they held through the remainder of the term. On September 6, 2015, Shawn Williams, the Broad Run District Supervisor, resigned their supervisor position after being arrested for simple assault and unlawful entry earlier that day. The Board appointed Jim Bonfils to fill the Broad Run District seat on September 21, 2015, from a list of 13 applicants (including former Broad Run District Supervisors Steve Stockman, David McWatters, and Chuck Harris). Bonfils was sworn in on September 22, 2015 and served out the remaining 101 days of the term.
In November 2007, voters removed four incumbent, fiscally conservative Republicans from the board of supervisors in a backlash over rapid development in the county's eastern portion. The board's make-up after the election was five Democrats, two Republicans, and two Independents. This was also the first, and to date only, time women made up a majority of the Board members (Buckley, Waters, Kurtz, Burk, McGimsey). Sugarland Run District Supervisor, Susan Klimek Buckley, served as Vice-Chair all four years of the term.
The 2003 board, and other officials in Loudoun, was the subject of a federal investigation of possible corruption relating to a land deal involving the Royal Saudi Academy. Potomac District Supervisor, Bruce Tulloch, served as Vice-Chair all four years of the term.
In November 1995, Dale Polen Myers became the first woman to be elected at-large to chair the Board.
In November 1990, Loudoun voters approved the addition of a ninth, Chair-at-large seat via a referendum vote. In November 1991, the newly created Chair-at-large seat was elected for the first time with Republicans claiming eight of the nine seats on the Board. The sole Democrat on the Board, Mercer District Supervisor Thomas Dodson, later resigned their position effective December 31, 1993, after taking a job out of the area. The Board appointed Republican Ready Snodgrass in January 1994 to fill the Mercer District seat, bringing the Board under total Republican control. They subsequently won the November 8, 1994 special election to permanently fill the seat.
In November 1987, Alice Bird defeated their ex-husband, two-term incumbent Andrew Bird, in a bid for the Sterling District seat. On September 5, 1989, Alice Bird announced they were resigning their position effective October 1, 1989, to take a job in Georgia. In October 1989, the Board appointed Howard Smith to temporarily fill the vacant Sterling District seat until a special election could be held in November 1990. Smith lost the November 6, 1990 special election to Roger Zurn, flipping the Sterling District seat from Democrat to Republican. Leesburg District Supervisor Charles Bos held the Vice-Chair position all four years of the term.
In November 1983, Loudoun voters elected four Democrats and four Republicans to the Board of Supervisors, making for an even split. The Supervisors agreed to alternate the Chair position between a Republican and a Democrat ever year for the four-year term. Blue Ridge District Supervisor James Brownell served as Chair during both the Republican years, first from January 1984 to December 1984, and second from January 1986 to December 1986. Democratic Leesburg District Supervisor Frank Raflo served as Chair from January 1985 to December 1985. On January 5, 1987, Democratic Guilford District Supervisor Betty Tatum was elected Chair, become the first woman in the history of the Board of Supervisors to lead the group. In December 1986, Leesburg District Supervisor Frank Raflo resigned due to health reasons. Later that month, the Board appointed Charles Bos to fill the Leesburg District seat and serve out the remainder of the term.
In June 1981, Guilford District Supervisor Gerry Gardner resigned for personal reasons and left the area. The Board appointed Betty Tatum in July 1981 to fill the Guilford District seat until a special election could be held that November. Tatum ran in and won the November 3, 1981 special election, defeating former Guilford District Supervisor Bob Scheetz. Broad Run District Supervisor Carl Henrickson held the Chair position until December 1981. Mercer District Supervisor Thomas Dodson was Chair from January 1982 to December 1983.
Due to rapid development around the continually growing Sterling area, the populations of the Broad Run and Sterling Districts were vastly greater than the populations of the other five districts. To address this population discrepancy, throughout 1974 and 1975, the Board went through a redistricting process in the eastern part of Loudoun County. Through the redistricting process, the Board approved a plan to split the area consisting of the existing Broad Run and Sterling Districts into three districts, thus creating one new district. This newly added eighth district would be called the Guilford District. Due to the redistricting occurring in an election year, the Supervisor for the newly created district had to be appointed. On December 16, 1975, Bob Scheetz was sworn-in as the Guilford District supervisor. Carl Hendrickson and George Yeager were also sworn-in on the same day to take their seats as Supervisors for the redrawn Broad Run and Sterling Districts. Before the November 1976 special election was held to permanently fill the Guilford seat, Scheetz was challenged by Gerry Gardner in a Democratic primary that same year. Gardner won the Democratic primary, and subsequently won the November 2, 1976 special election as well, becoming the first woman to serve on the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors.
In June 1978, Sterling District Supervisor George Yeager, the Board Chair since January 1978, resigned their seat to accept a job in West Virginia, effective July 11, 1978. The Board appointed Shannon Geddie to fill the Sterling District seat, becoming the second woman to serve on the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors when they were sworn in on July 17, 1978. They won the 1978 special election to retain the Supervisor position, but later lost the 1979 general election. The Chair position formerly held by Yeager was filled by Broad Run District Supervisor Carl Henrickson. Dulles District Supervisor Henry Stowers remained Vice-Chair. During this term, Mercer District Supervisor William Crossman, a Democrat, held the Chair position from January 1976 to December 1977.
After the completion of the 1970 Census, the Board went through a redistricting process in 1971. On June 23, 1971, the Board adopted its new districts, dropping the Jefferson, Lovettsville, and Mount Gilead district names in favor of Dulles, Catoctin, and Blue Ridge. The Sterling District was also created, bringing the total number of districts to seven.
In October 1974, Sterling District Supervisor Paul Walstad resigned, with the October 15, 1974 meeting being their last. James Cave was appointed by a judge to fill the vacant Sterling District seat, attending their first meeting on November 5, 1974.
On January 2, 1968, Mercer District Supervisor William Leach was elected Chair of the Board and served as chair for the entire term. On September 5, 1970, Lovettsville District Supervisor Bob McClain died after being in the hospital. Former Lovettsville District Supervisor James Arnold was appointed to fill the seat.
Board Chair, Lovettsville District Supervisor Irvey Baker, died on February 10, 1955. At the March 7, 1955 Board meeting, Hayward Thompson was elected to serve as Chair for the remainder of the term and James Arnold was appointed to fill the Lovettsville District seat.
Jefferson District Supervisor Homer Mock resigned at the end of 1949. Their successor was appointed at the January 3, 1950 meeting to complete the unexpired term.
Jefferson District Supervisor William Thompson died on April 18, 1922 and Mercer District Supervisor George Frasier died on May 20, 1922. Their successors were both appointed the following months.
Mount Gilead District Supervisor Thomas Benton James served as Chair until their death on June 1, 1915. Leesburg District Supervisor Michael Whitmore was unanimously elected Chair on June 14, 1915. James' successor as the Mount Gilead District Supervisor, James Robert Cochran, was appointed by and attending the June 14, 1915 meeting.
Long-serving Lovettsville District Supervisor John Crim died on May 17, 1912. Their successor, Samuel George, was appointed in the following months, attending the July 22, 1912 meeting. Samuel George later resigned in late 1914 with their successor, William Frazier, appointed and attending the December 5, 1914 meeting.
Election district maps
References
External links
Official Website of Loudoun County Government
Board of Supervisors
Government in Loudoun County, Virginia
County government in Virginia
Halima's Path () is 2012 Bosnian-Croatian-Slovenian drama film about a grieving, but strong-willed Bosniak woman, Halima, who must track down their estranged niece in order to recover the bones of their son lost during the war in Bosnia in the 1990s. The film was selected as the Croatian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.
Plot
In 1977, fifteen years before the Bosnian War ravaged their lives, Halima's (Alma Prica) niece Safija (Olga Pakalović) became pregnant by Slavomir (Mijo Jurišić), a Serb man. Beaten and ostracized by their Bosniak family, Safija gave the infant boy to the childless Halima to raise, telling Slavomir it was stillborn. Twenty-three years later, the devastating war has ended. Bodies are being identified through DNA samples and returned to families for burial. Halima's husband is found, but Mirza's bones cannot be returned to them without a blood sample. And that would have to come from Safija who ran away years ago and married Slavomir. When Halima finally locates her, Safija refuses the blood test because they are afraid their husband will discover their deception. And other deceptions could be uncovered as well, including the shocking identity of the soldier who took Halima's husband and the boy to their deaths.
Cast
Alma Prica - Halima
Olga Pakalović - Safija
Mijo Jurišić - Slavomir
Izudin Bajrović - Salko
Miraj Grbić - Mustafa
Mustafa Nadarević - Avdo
Emina Muftić - Nevzeta
Marko Plesnik - Mirza at age 16
Mihailo Koncar - Mirza at age 9
Daria Lorenci (credited as Daria Lorenci Flatz) - Rapka
Faketa Salihbegović (credited as Faketa Salihbegović-Avdagić) - Vezirka
Aldin Tucić - Aron
Dejan Aćimović - Jovan
Sebastian Cavazza - Planinsek
Marija Omaljev-Grbić - Waitress
Background
The screenplay was inspired by the real-life story of Bosniak couple Zahida and Muharem Fazlić from a village near Prijedor in western Bosnia whose adopted son Emir was executed in the Korićani Cliffs massacre of 1992. It took them 12 years to find their son's biological mother who kept refusing to give their blood for the DNA identification of Emir's remains. They found that Emir's biological mother was residing in Zagreb, Croatia. Emir's biological sister resides in Vitez, Bosnia, and, unlike their mother, was completely willing to give their blood for the DNA test, should Emir's bones be found.
Zahida Fazlić died in May 2011.
Production
Feđa Isović wrote the first draft of the script in the middle of the 2000s decade, for their friend Benjamin Filipović, with whom they had previously worked with on the black comedy Dobro uštimani mrtvaci (Well-Tempered Corpses) in 2005. After Filipović's death on 20 July 2006, the script was handed over to Croatian director Arsen Anton Ostojić, who directed the final version of the film.
Filming began on 27 February 2012 in Pisarovina.
The movie is available with English or French subtitles.
Releases and screenings
The film was first shown at the 59th Pula Film Festival in July 2012. It had its official release on 18 October 2012 in the Bosnian cities of Sarajevo, Mostar, Zenica and Banja Luka, followed by its premiere in Zagreb, Croatia on 23 October 2012 and wide release on 25 October.
It was screened at the 22nd Cottbus Film Festival in Germany on 9 and 10 November 2012 and the 16th Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival in Estonia that same month. It was also shown at the 35th Cairo International Film Festival in Egypt in December 2012, the 29th Mons International Film Festival d'Amour in Belgium in February 2013 and the 20th Febiofest in Prague in March 2013.
The film had its American premiere at the South East European Film Festival in Los Angeles, California on 4 May 2013. The following week, it was screened at the Bosnian-Herzegovinian Film Festival in New York City.
Awards
Halima's Path won several awards in film festivals throughout the world. It won, among others, the "Grand Prix prize" at both the International Festival of Mons in Belgium and at the 19th Mediterranean Film Festival in Morocco. It was also voted the best film at the Morocco festival.
See also
List of submissions to the 86th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Croatian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
2012 films
2012 war drama films
Bosnia and Herzegovina war drama films
Bosnian-language films
Bosnian War films
Films shot in Croatia
War films based on actual events
Drama films based on actual events
Yugoslav Wars in fiction
Croatian war drama films
Films about Bosnian genocide
2012 drama films
The following tables show state-by-state results in the Australian Senate at the 1980 federal election. Senators total 31 coalition (27 Liberal, one coalition National, one CLP), 27 Labor, two non-coalition National, five Democrats, and one Independent. Senator terms are six years (three for territories). Senators elected at this election began their terms on 1 July 1981, except for the territorial senators who took their seats at the election.
Australia
New South Wales
Victoria
Queensland
The Liberal and Country parties contested the previous election as a Coalition, where they obtained 51.3% of the vote. In this election, they contested the election as separate parties.
South Australia
Western Australia
Tasmania
Australian Capital Territory
Northern Territory
See also
1980 Australian federal election
Candidates of the Australian federal election, 1980
Members of the Australian Senate, 1981–1983
References
External links
Adam Carr's Election Archive
1980 elections in Australia
Senate 1980
Ignace Mandjambi (born 8 October 1940) is a former Congolese cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Mongala
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
"Héroe Favorito" is a song by American singer Romeo Santos. The song was written by Romeo Santos and Joaquín Díaz, with production handled by Romeo Santos and Matetraxx. It was released to digital retailers on February 10, 2017, through Sony Music Latin, as the lead single released off Santos' third studio album, Golden. The song debuted at number one on Billboards Latin Airplay chart, as well as reached the top 10 in the Dominican Republic, Panama and Spain.
Background
Audio of the song was leaked on the internet ahead of its release. On February 10, 2017, the song was released to iTunes Store and Tidal earlier than expected. It was released to all major digital retailers on February 13, 2017.
In an interview with Billboard magazine, Santos said that the song was about "a girl he's infatuated with and wants to be their superhero to protect her". Santos said: "Her parents are trying to set them up with this other guy. At least from my perspective, she's not too enthusiastic about it, so in my imagination, I'm like, if I were a superhero I would protect them I have strength like Hulk, climb up 100 feet to their balcony like Spider-Man, a lot of metaphors."
Composition
The song is described by Elias Leight of Billboard as an "audacious combination of jazz and bachata".
Artwork
Santos collaborated with Marvel Custom, Marvel Comics' content and marketing agency, on the single's artwork, in which they were dressed up as a superhero. "I always had this fascination with superheroes," Santos told Billboard. "Who didn't love Hulk and Spider-Man?" The outfit was inspired by the Punisher, also a character from Marvel.
"He wanted a dark, Kevlar, Punisher type of thing, but without the weapons," said Darren Sanchez, project manager and editor of Marvel Custom. "He liked the idea of a cape, but they didn't necessarily want a cape, so we went with a trench coat that had the same kind of billowing look. They didn't want it too bulky; wanted to make sure it was a realistic body type. They said they liked darker colors, but they wanted highlights, either gold or silver." Marvel characters generally have a helmet or mask, but "a dark, wraparound eye-mask" was created for Santos. "When it's a celebrity, you don't want to cover their face. Half of Iron Man, their helmet is off." explained Sanchez.
Music video
The music video was released on February 14, 2017, on YouTube through Vevo. It was directed by Marc Klasfeld and shot in Los Angeles, it featured American actor Génesis Rodríguez, who voices Honey Lemon in Disney's 2014 film Big Hero 6 as well as its follow-up television series. The video shows Santos, as a driver, using their superpowers to chase after their love interest, who is their client and ends with them and the woman kissing, mirroring the iconic upside-down kiss from the 2002 film Spider-Man between the titular character and their love interest Mary Jane Watson. Kelsey Garcia of PopSugar called it a "dramatic video". Similarly, Isabelia Herrera of Remezcla regarded it as "a classic Romeo video".
Live performances
On Februeary 23, 2017, Santos performed "Héroe Favorite" live during the 29th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards ceremony where they were honored with the Excellence Award. On April 13, 2017, Santos performed the song at the American late-night talk show Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Romeo Santos – composer, lyricist, producer, arranger
Joaquín Díaz – composer, pianist, arranger
Iván Chévere a/k/a Matetraxx – producer, mixing engineer, engineer
Tom Brick – mastering engineer
Paul Raini Castelluzzo – acoustic guitarist, guitarist
Dante Rivera – bassist
Raúl Bier – bongo player
Enrique Terrero – conga player
Alexander Caba – guitarist
Charts
Certifications
See also
List of Billboard number-one Latin songs of 2017
References
2017 singles
2017 songs
Romeo Santos songs
Songs written by Romeo Santos
Spanish-language songs
Sony Music Latin singles
Muna Regency (Kabupaten Muna) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, covering parts of the island of Muna as well as part of the neighbouring Buton Island and smaller islands off its coast. Until 2014 it had an area of 2,945.05 km2, but in that year the western eleven districts of that Regency were split off to form a new West Muna Regency. The reduced regency now covers an area of 2,057.69 km2, and the districts comprising that area had a population of 196,645 at the 2010 Census; the total at the 2020 Census was 215,527. The principal town lies at Raha, in Katobu District.
Administration
The Muna Regency was divided until 2014 into 33 districts (kecamatan), but following the separation of the eleven districts in the west of the island, the remaining twenty-two districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. Eight of the districts lie in the centre of the island, nine lie on its northeast coast (or on islands to the north of that coast) and five lie across the strait on the northwest coast of Buton Island. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) within each district, and its postal code. The capital, Raha, lies in Katobu District but its urban area encompasses adjacent districts.
Notes:
(a) Tongkuno District includes 43 small islands.
(b) Lohia District includes 87 small islands.
(c) Duruka District includes 4 small islands.
(d) Napabalano District includes 6 small islands.
(e) Towea is a group of islands off the north coast of Muna.
(f) the five last-named above lie on the west coast of Buton Island, not on Muna Island. Pasir Putih District includes 3 small islands and Wakorumba Seletan District includes 2 small islands.
References
Regencies of Southeast Sulawesi
Together for the People (, JPP) is a Portuguese political party, with its origins in Santa Cruz, Madeira. Its founding principles are Unity, Transparency and Resistance, as evidenced by its symbol. It was legalised by the Portuguese Constitutional Court on 27 January 2015.
It started in the parish of Santa Cruz, Madeira as an independent movement where it won the 2013 local elections with an absolute majority with Filipe Sousa as head.
After the victory, it was decided to turn the movement into a political party, in March 2014, having submitted over 10 thousand signatures (more than the 7,500 required by law) to the Constitutional Court in November 2014.
It was formed in order to run in the 2015 Madeiran regional elections, because the Portuguese Constitution does not allow for the candidacy of independents to the country's legislative organs or the existence of regional parties, making the JPP available to run in any election of the country. It won five seats in the 2015 Madeira regional elections with 10.34% of the votes, a total of 13,229 votes.
References
2014 establishments in Portugal
Centrist parties in Portugal
Liberal parties in Portugal
Political parties established in 2014
Political parties in Portugal
Deep Green Resistance (DGR) is a radical environmental movement that views mainstream environmental activism as being ineffective. The group, which perceives the existence of industrial civilization itself as the greatest threat to the natural environment, strives for community organizing to build alternative food, housing, and medical institutions.<ref>"About Us". Deep Green Resistance. 2022.</ref> The organization advocates sabotage against infrastructure, which it views as necessary tactics to achieve its goal of dismantling industrial civilization. Religious and ecological scholar Todd LeVasseur classifies it as an apocalyptic or millenarian movement.
Beliefs
In the 2011 book Deep Green Resistance, the authors Lierre Keith, Derrick Jensen and Aric McBay state that civilization, particularly industrial civilization, is fundamentally unsustainable and must be actively and urgently dismantled in order to secure a future for all species on the planet.
The movement differentiates itself from bright green environmentalism, which is characterized by a focus on personal, technological, or government and corporate solutions, in that it holds these solutions as inadequate. DGR believes that lifestyle changes, such as using travel mugs and reusable bags and taking shorter showers, are too small for the large-scale environmental problems the world faces. It also states that the recent surge in environmentalism has become commercial in nature, and thus in itself has been industrialized. The movement asserts that per capita industrial waste produced is orders of magnitude greater than personal waste produced; therefore, it is industrialism that must be ended, and with that, lifestyle changes will follow.
Origins and advocates
A conference entitled "Deep Green Resistance: Confronting Industrial Culture" was organized by Keith in April, 2007 in Deerfield, Massachusetts.
Resistance tactics
The Deep Green perspective argues that the dominant culture, a term that encompasses all the cultures within globalized civilization, will not undergo a voluntary transformation to a sustainable way of living. This includes the movement's rejection of the feasibility of a slow and soft shift to sustainability. Members of the Deep Green movement believe that industrial civilization will inevitably collapse. This notion is based on historical examples of the collapse of major civilizations such as Rome or the Mayan civilization, and statistics regarding the current system's unsustainability. DGR maintains that humans must act decisively before the collapse to ensure the Earth that remains inhabitable for all organisms and that humans build a more sustainably structured society following the collapse. The founders of the Deep Green movement view technological solutions, no matter how well-intentioned, as unsatisfactory and argue that they could even lead to accelerated ecological destruction and pollution.
The organization advocates sabotage and violence, which it views as necessary tactics to achieve its goal of dismantling industrialized society and capitalism; as such, it can be classified as an apocalyptic or millenarian movement. Jensen stated in an interview on Democracy Now!: "I get accused of being the 'violence guy'... but I don't ever think that's really fair, because I really consider myself the 'everything guy', that I want to put everything on the table and talk about all forms of resistance.... We can certainly parse out cases where we think it's appropriate to have militant response or non-militant response." Though the organization supports underground movements, it requires its members to adhere to a nonviolence pledge and operates as an aboveground movement only.
Criticism
A 2012 review of the 2011 DGR manifesto criticizes DGR's ideas as polarizing, elitist, extremist or asocial. Bron Taylor argues in Resistance: Do the Ends Justify the Means? that "radical tactics tend to be counterproductive" in winning over the general public. DGR co-founder Jensen states that if activists do not wish to participate in more militant acts of sabotage, they, at the very least, should prepare to set up local committees to reduce or channel violence expected to be wielded by the people in power in response to the eventual collapse of civilization. An article in Journal of Strategic Security describes the group as a "worrying bioterrorism threat", citing its strategy and propensity towards violence. Beginning in 2014, the FBI investigated Deep Green Resistance.
Anarcho-primitivists John Zerzan, Kevin Tucker and others criticize DGR's promotion of hierarchy in organizing an underground resistance, the code of conduct, the historical understanding of revolution and radical history, and the cult of personality around Jensen and Keith. Michelle Renée Matisons and Alexander Reid Ross of the Institute for Anarchist Studies have accused DGR of "emulating right-wing militia rhetoric, with the accompanying hierarchical vanguardism, personality cultism, and reactionary moralism."
Anti-trans views
DGR describes itself as a radical feminist organization, and has been described by critics as transphobic and TERF. The organisation has described hormone therapy for transgender youth as eugenics and excludes transgender women from women's spaces, while Keith has compared gender transitioning to mutilation. In 2012, founder McBay left the group, saying that it promoted transphobia. Earth First! Journal'' repudiated DGR in 2013 and said that it would "no longer print or in any way promote DGR material" because of its leaders' anti-transgender stances.
In 2019, Jensen, Keith, as well as DGR activist Max Wilbert published an article in Feminist Current saying "Hands up everyone who predicted that when Big Brother arrived, he'd be wearing a dress, hauling anyone who refuses to wax their ladyballs before a human rights tribunal, and bellowing ‘It's Ma'am!'" In 2022, during the resistance to the Thacker Pass Lithium Mine, Indigenous group People of Red Mountain broke ties with attorney and DGR member Will Falk, citing transphobia as the reason. Other environmental groups involved in opposing the Thacker Pass project have distanced themselves from DGR. The organisation has also been criticised for its association with Jennifer Bilek, an investigative journalist who has, with antisemitic connotations, argued that transgender rights are a transhumanist conspiracy.
See also
Deep ecology
Ecofeminism
Eco-terrorism
Luddite
Radical environmentalism
References
Further reading
External links
Could climate change fuel eco terrorism?, Deutsche Welle 14.05.2020
Environmental organizations based in the United States
Deep ecology
Radical environmentalism
Simple living
Anti-consumerist groups
Anti-capitalism
Organizations that oppose transgender rights
Anarcho-primitivism
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tainan (Lat: Dioecesis Tainanensis) is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Taiwan.
Erected in March 1961, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Taipei. The diocese has not undergone any jurisdictional changes.
Ordinaries
Stanislaus Lo Kuang (21 March 1961 Appointed – 15 February 1966 Appointed, Archbishop of Taipei)
Paul Ch'eng Shih-kuang (7 June 1966 Appointed – 3 December 1990 Retired)
Joseph Cheng Tsai-fa (3 December 1990 Appointed – 24 January 2004 Appointed, Archbishop of Taipei )
Bosco Lin Chi-nan (24 January 2004 Appointed – 14 November 2020 Retired )
John Lee Juo-wang (14 November 2020 Appointed – 19 June 2021 Resigned )
Bosco Lin Chi-nan (Apostolic Administrator) (19 June 2021 Appointed )
See also
Catholic Church in Taiwan
References
Tainan
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Christian organizations established in 1961
1961 establishments in Taiwan
Tainan
Ugo Amaldi (18 April 1875 – 11 November 1957) was an Italian mathematician. They contributed to the field of analytic geometry and worked on Lie groups. Their son Edoardo was a physicist.
Biography
They graduated in mathematics (21 November 1898) at the University of Bologna under the guidance of S. Pincherle. They taught at the University of Cagliari (1903-1905), Modena (1905-1919), Padova (1919-1924), Roma (1924-1950).
Notes
External links
1875 births
1954 deaths
20th-century Italian mathematicians
University of Bologna alumni
Members of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences
Poplar South was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1919 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Poplar, London
Kids Can't Fly were a British pop punk band from Southampton, United Kingdom that formed in May 2006. The line up consists of lead singer and guitarist Robin Black, bass guitarist Tom Dowd, guitarist Dan Parkinson, saxophone Dave Matthews, drummer Scott Wilson and trumpet player Chris Booroff. They have released four extended plays and four singles. The band is noted for incorporating ska and reggae influence into pop punk and has been typically described as "ska pop punk".
The band spent the first six years releasing extended plays like The Take Off EP (2006), No Joy for the Jealous (2007), Strength in Numbers (2010) and Northern Horizons (2012). In this period they also had several line-up changes because of members not feeling sure in continuing in the music industry. Vocalist Robin Black and saxophonist Dave Matthews have been constant members of the band throughout these developments, while Scott Wilson, the founding drummer departed from the band in 2011, but later rejoined in 2012. The band have planned a debut album to be released some time in early 2013, however completed their final tour in 2014.
History
Formation and Strength in Numbers (2006–2010)
Kids Can't Fly formed in May 2006. The line-up initially consisted of Elliott Langford, Dave Mathews, Alex Heath, Jason Havelock, Mitz and Ryan Stanikk. All six original members were in underground rock bands around the south of England including: Zero Consent, Schoolboy Error, Fandangle, Toupé, Paul Went Home, Big Screen Buddha, Speaking of Losers, After Thought, The Generators and Harpoon Larsen and were all loosely associated to each other. But it wasn't until Ryan Stanikk and Dave Matthews decided to start their own band after several years playing in a variety of south coast bands. Not long after their formation the band undertook their first UK headline tour, upon which they sold out of their debut release, The Take Off EP.
This led to the band guest performing with Zebrahead at Sonisphere Festival 2008 as well as supporting Zebrahead in the United Kingdom in October 2008. This then led on to the band contributing their horn section for Zebrahead on their single Hell Yeah! off their album Phoenix. In July 2010, The band's first single, Everyone premièred on Kerrang! Radio, with a music video being released in late July. The band promoted the song on online social platforms by asking fans to request the song on music channels like Scuzz and Kerrang!. And by 30 July, the music video had reached number one in the Scuzz TV Most Requested chart and held the spot for a week.
The band released their third ep Strength in Numbers in November 2010 and from that was released a double A-side single for They Called Shotgun and Heartstrong on 25 November 2010. The title of the ep makes reference to their growing fanbase in the underground music scene. For the album art, the band was inspired by Sum 41's All Killer No Filler album art and decided to use submitted photos of fans and create collages of the submissions. After the original pressing of the ep was sold out two brand-new cover art variants were distributed. The version of They Called Shotgun used for the single re-recorded and distinct from the version featured on their third ep. The band's second single They Called Shotgun was premièred on Kerrang! TV and the video held the number one most requested spot on Lava TV for two weeks as well as the most requested on Scuzz TV's charts for three weeks.
Line-up instability and Northern Horizons (2011–present)
Kids Can't Fly initially planned to shoot a music video with a live audience on 11 February 2011, however they cancelled the shooting of the video because of the departure of Comley, Stanikk and Wilson. Comley and Wilson both decided to get jobs outside of the music industry. Ryan left the band for "personal and professional reasons". On 21 June 2011 Drew Comley had been announced as the new bassist for Octane OK. In an Interview in December 2011, Robin has said that their departures were related saying "He [Comley] was such an important person in the band, that other members didn't find the group dynamics comfortable any more, and so they also left."
On 11 November 2011 Kids Can't Fly released their third single Esmeralda and later on, in February 2012 Kids Can't Fly announced the release of a fourth single Stick To Your Guns and a new extended play Northern Horizons. They promoted the single by making it available to download for free on 11 February. The announcement of the new single and EP was coupled with a short tour of the United Kingdom with The First, spanning late February into Early March. Footage of the tour was used for the music video for Stick To Your Guns which was released on 21 May 2012.
The band performed at Southampton's Takedown and Middlesbrough's Make A Scene festivals. On 11 May 2012 Kids Can't Fly released Information about the line-up change in the band. With two of the band members: bassist Elliott Langford and drummer Ash Springle, who both only joined the band last year left due to personal choices and desires to pursue careers outside the music industry. While the original Kids Can't Fly drummer Scott Wilson, rejoined as well as two new members joining; Tom Dowd formerly of Nine Days Lane who had supported Kids Can't fly on tour as a bass guitarist and trumpeter Chris Booroff.
Kids Can't Fly's fourth ep Northern Horizons was released on 25 June 2012. The ep was originally titled Good Morning Gentlemen and was originally stated to be released in early 2012. The ep was recorded at the Monnow Valley Studio and was produced by Welsh rock producer Romesh Dodangoda. To promote the release of Northern Horizons the band did a UK tour in June 2012 leading up to the release with These City Lights as a constant support throughout the entire tour.
The band played their final shows in June and July 2014
Musical style and influence
The band has often described themselves as being "basically a pop punk band with a horn section". The band is credited for their incorporation of ska and reggae influences into their music, their music has been considered pop punk, incorporating "punk guitar riffs and a sax and trumpet accompaniment". Their ska punk influence is found in their use of brass instrumentation like saxophones, trombones and trumpets and their ska inspired horn lines and harmonies. Lyrically the band often features tongue-in-cheek lyrics, akin to many pop punk bands. Lyrical themes found through the music all relate to staying positive complicated relationships and "guy meets girl" scenarios. Kids Can't Fly utillises several vocalists in their music.
The band's primary influences shifted with their style, initially taking influence from Reel Big Fish and Less Than Jake, but then taking more prominent influence from Four Year Strong and Fall Out Boy. The band believes that the responsibility for the stylistic change from straight up ska punk was due to the continuous membership change in their early development. The band has stated that if they ever had a chance to tour with bigger bands it would be with either Fall Out Boy, Four Year Strong or Zebrahead. Fall Out Boy's influence on the band has been noted especially in both the fact that Robin Black's vocals resemble and are influenced by Patrick Stump's, while also being nicknamed by critics as "English Fall Out Boy" and a "Four Year Strong with horns". Black's signing style is considered distinct as their accent influences their singing.
Members
Current Members
Robin Black – lead vocals & guitar (2006–present)
Tom Dowd – bass guitar & vocals (2012–present)
Dan Parkinson – guitar (2011–present)
Dave Matthews – saxophone (2006–present)
Scott Wilson – drums (2006–2011; 2012–present)
Chris Booroff – trumpet (2012–present)
Former Members
Drew Comley – bass guitar & vocals (2006–2011)
Ryan Stanikk – trombone (2006–2011)
Jay Havelock – (2006–????)
Dave Ramsey – trumpet (2006–2008)
Ben Marion – saxophone (2006–2008)
Ash – Drums (2011–2012)
Elliott Langford – bass guitar & vocals (2011–2012)
Josh Roe - Trumpet (2009)
Discography
Extended Plays
The Take Off EP (Self-released, 2006)
No Joy for the Jealous (Self-released, 2007)
Strength in Numbers (Self-released, 2010)
Northern Horizons (Self-released, 2012)
Albums
Untitled (2013)
Singles
Everyone (2010)
They Called Shotgun / Heartstrong (2010)
Esmeralda (2011)
Stick To Your Guns (2012)
Compilations
Lazy Bear's Definitive Guide to Pop-Punk 2011 (Lazy Bear Records, 2011), contributed Esmeralda.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
pages 32–33.
External links
English pop punk groups
English ska musical groups
Third-wave ska groups
Musical groups from Southampton
Musical groups established in 2006
Vapa is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 695 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
The Oak Grove Hydroelectric Project is a 44 megawatt hydroelectric plant operated by Portland General Electric (PGE) on the Oak Grove Fork Clackamas River. Water for this project is held by three lakes, built between 1923 and 1956. The dam creates the impoundment Lake Harriet.
History
In 1907, the Southern Pacific Company began to acquire water rights for the Oak Grove fork. These rights were transferred in 1911 to the Portland Railway, Light and Power Company, which later became PGE.
In 1923, the concrete diversion dam at Lake Harriet was completed. This lake holds with a surface area of . A pipeline goes downstream from Lake Harriet to the powerhouse. Power generation from the Oak Grove fork began in August 1924.
In 1953, Frog Lake was completed, adding of storage with of surface, which was later reduced to on in 1997. Finally, in 1956, the compacted-earth dam for Timothy Lake was completed, creating the largest lake in the system at and . The Oak Grove Powerhouse contains two Francis turbines.
References
External links
USGS flow data at Oak Grove powerplant intake
DEQ survey
PGE: parks on the Clackamas River
BPA: Oak Grove Habitat Improvement Project, 1988
Hydroelectric power plants in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Clackamas County, Oregon
Energy infrastructure completed in 1924
1924 establishments in Oregon
Portland General Electric dams
The variable antshrike (Thamnophilus caerulescens) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae found widely in South America. It is, as its common name suggests, arguably the species of antbird with the most variable plumage.
Taxonomy
The variable antshrike was described by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus caerulescens. Its highly variable plumage, some variations in the voice, and its unusual distribution have resulted in widespread speculations that it involves more than one species. Studies involving mtDNA and voice of the Bolivian populations, which is a meeting point for several of the distinctly different subspecies, did not support the theory of several species, instead suggesting that much of the vocal variation is clinal and geneflow between various populations remains uninterrupted. The taxa in north-eastern Brazil, which also are relatively distinctive, were not included in these studies, and it therefore remains unclear if they are worthy of species recognition. Another problem relates to the variations within subspecies. The subspecies dinellii and cearensis, for example, are both variable, resulting in the description of additional subspecies for some sub-populations.
Description
The variable antshrike is a thickset bird with a total length of approximately . The male has black wings with grey edging to the remiges (sometimes very narrow, and barely visible in the subspecies where the males are primarily black), and white wing-bars that may appear spotty, especially on the lesser wing coverts. The tail is black with white tips ( the best visible from below). In the eastern, central and southern subspecies, the chest and most of the head are grey, the back is grey with variable amounts of black (may be almost entirely black), a semi-concealed white interscapular patch, and the crown is black (black crown reduced in far north-eastern Brazil). The variation in the colour of the belly and crissum (the undertail coverts surrounding the cloaca) is highly complex, ranging from white in some subspecies, over grey in others, to deep cinnamon. The male of the western subspecies melanochrous from the Andes of Peru is strikingly different, being overall black except for the white in its wings and tail. The male of the subspecies aspersiventer of the Andes in north-western Bolivia and adjacent Peru approaches melanochrous in colour, but has dense white barring to the belly.
Females are equally variable. In most of this species range, their wings are blackish-brown with rufescent edging to the remiges, and white or buff wing-bars (often appears rather spotty). In north-eastern Brazil, however, the wing-bars are greatly reduced, and, in the population in Ceará, to the extent where it essentially is lacking. The tail resembles that of the males, but is often more brownish. The underparts are rich orange-cinnamon, in a few subspecies extending as far up as the chest, but in most the chest is pale brownish or grey. The back is brown and the head is pure grey or pale grey tinged brown, while most subspecies have a brown crown, which, however, is black in parts of central Brazil and in the Andean subspecies melanochrous and aspersiventer. Both sexes of all subspecies have grey legs and a stubby bill that is grey below, blackish above. Some subspecies are easily confused with the slaty antshrikes, but these differ consistently in their broad white edging to the tertials.
Distribution and habitat
The variable antshrike is found widely in eastern and southern Brazil, with disjunct populations in Ceará, Pernambuco and Alagoas. From southern Brazil, its range extends through Uruguay, Paraguay, northern Argentina, Bolivia, and along the eastern slope of the Andes in Peru, as far north as the Amazonas Region.
It occurs in a wide range of densely to lightly wooded habitats, ranging from the edge of humid forest to arid woodland. In large parts of its range it can be found in lowlands, but it is primarily found in foothills in north-eastern Brazil, and is restricted to highlands up to 2600 meters (8500 ft), locally to 3000 m (9800 ft), throughout a large part of its Andean range.
Behavior
In terms of behavior, this is a typical Thamnophilus antshrike. It is generally found singly or in pairs at low levels, often within dense undergrowth. Consequently, it can often be difficult to see it well. It feeds primarily on insects and other arthropods. Seeds and fruits have also been reported. While foraging, it is regularly seen "dipping" its tail and flicking its wings. Breeding is seasonal, but exact timing depends on the region. The nest is a woven cup, generally placed rather low. Both sexes incubate the 2-3 eggs. In southeastern Brazil, breeding begins in October and continues through January. While predation is often the cause of nest failure, pairs can renest fairly rapidly and can also have more than one successful nest each season. Also, food abundance was shown, experimentally, to influence several measures of reproductive effort, including clutch size.
Status
It is generally common and consequently considered to be of the least concern by BirdLife International and IUCN. The subspecies cearensis in far north-eastern Brazil is limited to a region with extensive habitat destruction, and its status may give cause for concern.
References
variable antshrike
Birds of South America
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Peru
variable antshrike
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rovina Cai (born 1988) is an Australian artist known for their work in illustrating fantasy.
Recognition
Cai won the World Fantasy Award—Artist in 2019 and 2021, and the 2021 and 2022 Hugo Award for Best Professional Artist; as well, they were a finalist for the 2020 Hugo Award in that category.
In 2016, their illustrations for Margo Lanagan's Tintinnabula earned them the Crichton Award for Children's Book Illustration.
Education
Cai has an MFA in Illustration from the School of Visual Arts.
References
External links
Official site
School of Visual Arts alumni
1988 births
Australian artists
World Fantasy Award-winning artists
Fantasy artists
Hugo Award-winning artists
Living people
Kopu can refer to:
Kopu or Malara, a god in Oceania
Kopu, New Zealand, on the Hauraki Plains, between the Thames and Matatoki
See also
Kõpu (disambiguation)
Bursadella acribes is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by John Hartley Durrant in 1916. It is only known from Biak.
The wingspan is about 34 mm. The forewings are orange ochreous, the interneural spaces strongly marked with black, causing the neuration to appear conspicuously in lines of the orange ground colour, except toward the costa and termen where the ground colour forms a subterminal band obliterating the black streaks, with the exception of the two preceding veins 11 and 12 which extend to the costa. The black streak between veins 5-6 differs from the others in widening inwardly, ending with a lunate expansion on the discoidal and is not connected with the black discal streak. The costa and termen are narrowly margined with black, the termen with a narrow lilac-grey line at the base of the dark fuscous cilia. The underside is pale orange ochreous, the costa and termen margined with dark fuscous, with some blackish interneural shading. The hindwings are orange ochreous, with a broad black basal patch, and narrowly black at the apex and along the termen. The black basal patch extends to beyond the cell and is irregular in outline, having four or five tooth-like extensions along the veins.
References
Moths described in 1916
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The following is a List of Georgia State Bicycle Routes. These routes are designated by the Georgia Department of Transportation.
History
Georgia established a numbered bicycle route system of 14 routes in the mid-1990s. Two of the routes, 15 and 95, are to become incorporated into the United States Numbered Bicycle Routes system as U.S. Bicycle Route 15 and U.S. Bicycle Route 1 respectively.
List of routes
State Bicycle Route 5
Georgia State Bicycle Route 5 (Chattahoochee Trace) runs from Lake Seminole north to the Tennessee border in Lookout Mountain, running through the western part of the state. The route passes through Blakely, Fort Gaines, Lumpkin, Cusseta, Columbus, Greenville, Newnan, Carrollton, and Rome.
State Bicycle Route 10
Georgia State Bicycle Route 10 (Southern Crossing) runs from Lake Seminole east to Jekyll Island, running through the southern part of the state. The route passes through Bainbridge, Cairo, Thomasville, Quitman, Valdosta, Lakeland, Waycross, Nahunta, and Brunswick.
State Bicycle Route 15
Georgia State Bicycle Route 15 (Central) runs from the Florida border south of Lake Park north to Acworth. The route roughly follows the I-75 corridor south of the Atlanta area before bypassing the Atlanta area to the west. The route passes through Valdosta, Tifton, Ashburn, Cordele, Vienna, Perry, Warner Robins, Macon, Forsyth, Barnesville, Fayetteville, Palmetto, and Lithia Springs.
State Bicycle Route 20
Georgia State Bicycle Route 20 (Wiregrass) runs from Blakely north to Waycross, passing through Leesburg, Ashburn, Fitzgerald, and Douglas.
State Bicycle Route 35
Georgia State Bicycle Route 35 (March to the Sea) runs from Savannah northwest to the Tennessee border in Rossville, passing through Statesboro, Millen, Louisville, Sandersville, Milledgeville, Eatonton, Madison, Atlanta, Marietta, Calhoun, and Ringgold.
State Bicycle Route 40
Georgia State Bicycle Route 40 (TransGeorgia) runs from the Columbus area east to Savannah, passing through Butler, Fort Valley, Warner Robins, Dublin, Soperton, and Metter.
State Bicycle Route 45
Georgia State Bicycle Route 45 (Little White House) runs from Ellerslie north to two separate branches to Atlanta and Palmetto, passing through Woodbury and Fayetteville.
State Bicycle Route 50
Georgia State Bicycle Route 50 (Augusta Link) runs from Thomson east to Augusta.
State Bicycle Route 55
Georgia State Bicycle Route 55 (Appalachian Gateway) runs from Bike Route 70 near Suwanee north to Robertstown, passing through Gainesville and Cleveland.
State Bicycle Route 60
Georgia State Bicycle Route 60 (Athens Link) runs from Bike Route 70 near Grayson east to Elberton, passing through Winder, Watkinsville, and Athens.
State Bicycle Route 70
Georgia State Bicycle Route 70 (Northern Crescent) runs from Acworth east to Snellville, bypassing Atlanta to the north. The route passes through Alpharetta and Lawrenceville.
State Bicycle Route 85
Georgia State Bicycle Route 85 (Savannah River Run) runs from Savannah north to the North Carolina border in Dillard, running through the eastern part of the state. The route passes through Springfield, Sylvania, Millen, Thomson, Washington, Elberton, Hartwell, Toccoa, and Clayton.
State Bicycle Route 90
Georgia State Bicycle Route 90 (Mountain Crossing) runs from Cloudland Canyon east to Tallulah Falls, running through the northern part of the state. The route passes through La Fayette, Dalton, Chatsworth, Ellijay, and Dahlonega.
State Bicycle Route 95
Georgia State Bicycle Route 95 (Coastal) runs from the Florida border near Kingsland north to the South Carolina border near Clyo, running through the coastal area of the state. The route passes through Woodbine, Brunswick, Darien, Savannah, and Springfield.
References
External links
Bike paths in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia State
The 2002–03 Mid-American Conference women's basketball season began with practices in October 2003, followed by the start of the 2002–03 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2003 and concluded in March 2003. Ball State and Toledo shared the regular season title with a record of 12–4. Tamara Bowie of Ball State was MAC player of the year.
Fourth seeded Western Michigan won the MAC Tournament over Ball State. Casey Rost of Western Michigan was the tournament MVP. Western Michigan lost to Stanford in the first round of the NCAA tournament. Ball State and Toledo played in the WNIT.
Preseason Awards
The preseason coaches' poll was announced by the league office on October 23, 2002.
Preseason women's basketball coaches poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
East Division
(24) 189
(9) 174
106
100
91
33
West Division
(29) 225
173
162
(4) 152
100
(9) 73
39
Tournament Champion
Kent State (15), Ball State (11), Miami (7)
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American Tournament
NCAA Tournament
Women's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason Awards
Coach of the Year: Mark Ehlen, Toledo
Player of the Year: Tamara Bowie, Ball State
Freshman of the Year: Joi Scott, Northern Illinois
Defensive Player of the Year: Maria Jilian, Western Michigan
Sixth Man of the Year: Kim Lancaster, Miami
Honors
See also
2002–03 Mid-American Conference men's basketball season
References
Gilbert School District or Gilbert Schools may refer to:
Gilbert Public School District - Arizona
Gilbert Community School District - Iowa
The 31st Light Infantry Battalion () is a specialized light infantry unit of the Swedish Army. The unit is part of the Life Regiment Hussars and is based in Karlsborg. It is the primary support unit for the Special Operations Group (SOG). The battalion utilizes different means of transportation and is trained for airborne operations.
As per the Defence Act of 2020, the 31st is to be redesignated as a ranger battalion, previously having been designated as a light infantry battalion.
Operations and training
The battalion is a rapid reaction force and is supported by helicopters and transport aircraft. Advance to contact on the ground is to be carried out with the units own light all terrain vehicles or on foot. The unit is built on man-portable systems and operates in a, for the purpose, composed task force. It is considered the most mobile unit in the Swedish Army due to its light nature and ability to be transported via air and dropped by parachute, and have a good ability to use precision guided weapons. The battalion is also tasked with providing infantry support to the Special Operations Task Group. The battalion continuously deployed to Afghanistan until the Swedish ISAF mission ended.
All recruits applying for service with the battalion undergo the same basic training as every other recruit in the Armed Forces (3 months). Though they are required to undertake a selection course in order to be considered for further training and service with the battalion. Training to become a Ranger with the battalion is 6–8 months excluding basic training.
Organisation
Prior to 2013, the battalion consists of the following squadrons:
311th Airborne Squadron
312th Airborne Squadron
313th Airborne Squadron
314th Airborne Squadron
315th HQ & Support Squadron
Each rifle squadron (311. 312. and 313.) consisted of three rifle platoons, one mortar platoon and one HQ/support platoon. The supply squadron (314.) of a pioneer platoon, a supply platoon and medical platoon. The HQ/support squadron (315.) consisted of the battalion HQ, a command & control platoon (also includes the battalions TACP) and a reconnaissance platoon.
After temporarily being disbanded and re-organized the battalion was re-instated as a battle group (although retaining the classification as a battalion) in 2015. In its current form it's made up of three squadrons:
310th HQ & Support Squadron
311th Airborne Squadron
312th Airborne Squadron
See also
– Parachute Regiment
– 75th Ranger Regiment
– 193rd Ranger Battalion
References
External links
Infantry battalions of the Swedish Army
Military units and formations established in 2003
Military units and formations disestablished in 2013
Military units and formations established in 2016
2003 establishments in Sweden
2013 disestablishments in Sweden
2016 establishments in Sweden
Karlsborg Garrison
Worthy Down Halt railway station was built in 1918 as a small single platform halt to serve the Royal Flying Corps (later RAF) depot nearby. It included two passing loops (the shortest of which was used as a siding) to provide supplies to the site. Later, the station became a junction for a spur to connect with the Southern Railway line through Winchester. At this point an additional line was built on the opposite side of the station to provide an island platform serving both northbound and southbound trains on separate lines.
Routes
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1918
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
1918 establishments in England
1960 disestablishments in England
The Union des Banques Congolaise was a bank based in the Belgian Congo which operated for 86 years before it became bankrupt and in 2006 was merged into the Banque Congolaise.
History
In 1920, the Banque de Bruxelles established the Crédit General du Congo, with its administrative headquarters in Brussels, and its corporate headquarters in Léopoldville. Shortly thereafter, the CGD established branches in Matadi, Elizabethville, and Stanleyville. In 1929, Banque de Bruxelles transferred the operations of CGD to the newly created Banque Belge d'Afrique. Shortly after the Belgian Congo achieved its independence in 1960, the operations in the Congo became Union Zaïroise de Banques.
By 1989, the bank's ownership was 25% Banque Bruxelles Lambert, 28% the Government of Zaire, and 48% Societe Financiere pour les Pays d'Outre-mer (SFOM). This Swiss-based holding company had three shareholders - Banque Nationale de Paris with 48%, Dresdner Bank with 26%, and Banque Bruxelles Lambert 26%.
By 1991, Union Zairoise de Banques had 16 offices in Zaire and was the second biggest bank in the country after Banque Commerciale Zairoise. Banque Bruxelles Lambert held 41.5% of its capital, directly and indirectly through SFOM, which was then equally owned by BBL, Deutsche Bank and Banque Nationale de Paris. The Zairean Government held 15% of the capital, a group of private investors another 15%, and the rest was distributed among small investors.
In 1995, the Zaire government arbitrarily and summarily nationalized the bank, dismissing all its staff. In 2005, the bank's name changed to Union des Banques Congolaises. However, by then the bank was bankrupt and in 2006, the Banque Congolaise acquired it.
Defunct banks
Zaire
Banks established in 1920
Banks disestablished in 2006
Tinbergen is a Dutch surname, and may refer to:
Jan Tinbergen (1903–1994), Dutch economist
(1934–2010), Dutch astronomer, after whom minor planet 10434 Tinbergen was named.
Joost Tinbergen (born 1950), Dutch ecologist
Luuk Tinbergen (1915–1955), Dutch ornithologist
Nikolaas Tinbergen (1907–1988), Dutch biologist
Tijs Tinbergen (born 1947), Dutch filmmaker
Other uses
Tinbergen's four questions
Tinbergen Institute
10434 Tinbergen
See also
Sabriye Tenberken
Dutch-language surnames
Fucha Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 2604 m in the central part of Bangey Heights, north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It surmounts Marsa Glacier to the west and Padala Glacier to the southeast.
The peak is named after the settlements of Mala (Little) Fucha and Golema (Great) Fucha in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Fucha Peak is located at , which is 2.45 km northeast of Golemani Peak, 2.66 km east of Oreshak Peak, 2.8 km south by west of Mount Schmid, and 11.43 km northwest of Zimornitsa Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
External links
Fuchs Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Fucha Peak. Copernix satellite image
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Vercingetorix (; Greek: Οὐερκιγγετόριξ; – 46 BC) was a king and chieftain of the Arverni tribe who united the Gauls in a failed revolt against Roman forces during the last phase of Julius Caesar's Gallic Wars. Despite having willingly surrendered to Caesar, they were executed in Rome.
Vercingetorix was the son of Celtillus the Arvernian, leader of the Gallic tribes. Vercingetorix came to power after their formal designation as chieftain of the Arverni at the oppidum Gergovia in 52 BC. They immediately established an alliance with other Gallic tribes, took command, combined all forces and led them in the Celts' most significant revolt against Roman power. They won the Battle of Gergovia against Julius Caesar in which several thousand Romans and their allies were killed and the Roman legions withdrew.
Caesar had been able to exploit Gaulish internal divisions to easily subjugate the country, and Vercingetorix's attempt to unite the Gauls against Roman invasion came too late. At the Battle of Alesia, also in 52 BC, the Romans besieged and defeated their forces; to save as many of their men as possible, they gave themselves to the Romans. They were held prisoner for five years. In 46 BC, as part of Caesar's triumph, they were paraded through the streets of Rome and then executed by garroting. Vercingetorix is primarily known through Caesar's (Commentaries on the Gallic War). To this day, they are considered a folk hero in Auvergne, their native region.
Name
The Gaulish name Vercingetorix literally means 'great/supreme king/leader of warriors/heroes'. It is a compound of the prefix ver- ('over, superior'; cf. Old Irish for, Old Welsh/Old Breton guor, Cornish gor), attached to -cingeto- ('warrior, hero', from a PIE stem meaning 'tread, step, walk'; cf. Old Irish cinged), and -rix ('king'; cf. Celtiberian reikis, Old Irish rí, Old Welsh ri). Scholar Maigréad Ní C. Dobbs has proposed to see an Irish cognate of the name in the form Ferchinged an rí. In their Life of Caesar, Plutarch renders the name as Vergentorix (Ουεργεντοριξ). According to Florus, they were "endowed [...] with a name which seemed to be intended to inspire terror".
History
Context
Having been appointed governor of the Roman province of Gallia Narbonensis (modern Provence) in 58 BC, Julius Caesar proceeded to conquer the Gallic tribes beyond over the next few years, maintaining control through a careful divide and rule strategy. They made use of the factionalism among the Gallic elites, favouring certain noblemen over others with political support and Roman luxuries such as wine. Attempts at revolt, such as that of Ambiorix in 54 BC, had secured only local support, but Vercingetorix, whose father, Celtillus, had been put to death by their own countrymen for seeking to rule all of Gaul, managed to unify the Gallic tribes against the Romans and adopted more current styles of warfare.
Averni Nobleman
The revolt that Vercingetorix came to lead began in early 52 BC while Caesar was raising troops in Cisalpine Gaul. Believing that Caesar would be distracted by the turmoil in Rome following the death of Publius Clodius Pulcher, the Carnutes, under Cotuatus and Conetodunus, made the first move, slaughtering the Romans who had settled in their territory.
Vercingetorix, a young nobleman of the Arvernian city of Gergovia, roused their dependents to join the revolt, but they and their followers were expelled by Vercingetorix's uncle Gobanitio and the rest of the nobles because they thought that opposing Caesar was too great a risk. Undeterred, Vercingetorix raised an army of the poor, took Gergovia, and was hailed as king.
Tribal alliances
They made alliances with other tribes, and in doing so they united Gaul under the pretense of escaping Roman rule. After having been unanimously given supreme command of their armies, they imposed their authority through harsh discipline and the taking of hostages. Leadership and unification on this level was unprecedented in Gaul and would not happen again for decades.
They adopted a policy of retreating to natural fortifications, and undertook an early example of a scorched earth strategy by burning towns to prevent the Roman legions from living off the land.
Vercingetorix scorched much of the land marching north with their army from Gergovia in an attempt to deprive Caesar of the resources and safe haven of the towns and villages along Caesar's march south.
Siege of Avaricum
However, the capital of the Bituriges, Avaricum (near modern-day Bourges), a Gallic settlement directly in Caesar's path, was spared. Due to the town's strong protests, naturally defensible terrain, and apparently strong human-made reinforcing defenses, Vercingetorix decided against razing and burning it. Leaving the town to its fate, Vercingetorix camped well outside of Avaricum and focused on conducting harassing engagements of the advancing Roman units led by Caesar and their chief lieutenant Titus Labienus. Upon reaching Avaricum, however, the Romans laid siege and eventually captured the capital.
Afterwards, in a reprisal for 25 days of hunger and of laboring over the siegeworks required to breach Avaricum's defenses, the Romans slaughtered nearly the entire population, some 40,000 people, leaving only about 800 alive.
Battle of Gergovia
The next major battle was at Gergovia, capital city of the Arverni. During the battle, Vercingetorix and their warriors crushed Caesar's legions and allies, inflicting heavy losses. Vercingetorix then decided to follow Caesar but suffered heavy losses (as did the Romans and their allies) during a cavalry battle and they retreated and moved to another stronghold, Alesia.
Battle of Alesia
In the Battle of Alesia in September 52 BC, Caesar built a fortification around the city to besiege it. However, Vercingetorix had summoned their Gallic allies to attack the besieging Romans. These forces included an army of Arverni led by Vercingetorix's cousin Vercassivellaunos and an army of 10,000 Lemovices led by Sedullos.
With the Roman circumvallation surrounded by the rest of Gaul, Caesar built another outward-facing fortification (a contravallation) against the expected relief armies, resulting in a doughnut-shaped fortification. The Gallic relief came in insufficient numbers: estimates range from 80,000 to 250,000 soldiers. Vercingetorix, the tactical leader, was cut off from them on the inside, and without their guidance the attacks were initially unsuccessful. However, the attacks did reveal a weak point in the fortifications and the combined forces on the inside and the outside almost made a breakthrough. Only when Caesar personally led the last reserves into battle did they finally manage to prevail. This was a decisive battle in the creation of the Roman Empire.
According to Plutarch, Caes. 27.8-10, Vercingetorix surrendered in a dramatic fashion, riding their beautifully adorned horse out of Alesia and around Caesar's camp before dismounting in front of Caesar, stripping themselves of their armor and sitting down at their opponent's feet, where they remained motionless until they were taken away. Caesar provides a first-hand contradiction of this account, De Bell. Gal. 7.89, describing Vercingetorix's surrender much more modestly.
Imprisonment and death
Vercingetorix was imprisoned in the Tullianum in Rome for almost six years before being publicly displayed in the first of Caesar's four triumphs in 46 BC. They were ceremonially strangled at the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus after the triumph. A plaque in the Tullianum indicates that they were beheaded in 49 BC.
Legacy
Memorials
Napoleon III erected a Vercingétorix monument in 1865, created by the sculptor Aimé Millet, on the supposed site of Alesia. The architect for the memorial was Eugène Viollet-le-Duc. The statue still stands. The inscription on the base, written by Viollet-le-Duc, which copied the famous statement of Julius Caesar, reads (in French):
Many other monumental statues of Vercingetorix were erected in France during the 19th century, including one by Frédéric Bartholdi on the Place de Jaude in Clermont-Ferrand.
Asteroid
Asteroid 52963 Vercingetorix, discovered by the OCA–DLR Asteroid Survey, was named in their honor. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 25 September 2018 ().
See also
Ambiorix
Alaric I
Ardaric
Arminius
Autaritus
Battle of Baduhenna Wood
Bato (Daesitiate chieftain)
Boudica
Caratacus
Fritigern
Gainas
Gaius Julius Civilis
John of Gothia
Spartacus
Totila
Tribigild
Viriathus
References
Primary sources
Julius Caesar, Commentarii de Bello Gallico Book 7
Dio Cassius, Roman History 40:33–41, 43:19
Plutarch, Life of Caesar 25–27
Bibliography
External links
A reconstructed portrait of Vercingetorix, based on historical sources, in a contemporary style.
Curchin, Leonard A. Lingua Gallica (The Gaulish Language). Retrieved January 23, 2010 from Uwaterloo.ca
Paul Marius Martin, Vercingétorix : le politique, le stratège. Paris : Perrin, 2000, 260 p. .
80s BC births
46 BC deaths
1st-century BC executions
1st-century BC rulers in Europe
Barbarian people of the Gallic Wars
Celtic warriors
Gaulish rulers
People executed by strangulation
People executed by the Roman Republic
Year of birth unknown
Executed monarchs
"Heavenly Bodies" is a song written by Elaine Lifton, Gloria Nissenson and Lee Ritenour, and recorded by American country music artist Earl Thomas Conley. It was released in May 1982 as the first single from the album Somewhere Between Right and Wrong. The song reached #8 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Critical reception
Kip Kirby of Billboard magazine reviewed the song favorably, saying that the tune "lives up to their own imagery" even though they didn't write it. They go on to say that the "clean, easy-tempo arrangement leaves proper space for hearing the singer's thoughtful comparison of a woman to astral attractions."
Chart performance
References
1982 singles
1982 songs
Earl Thomas Conley songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Lee Ritenour
Bhada is a village in Jafrabad Taluka of Amreli district, Gujarat, India.
History
During the British period, Bhada was under Babariawad before being taken over by Junagadh jurisdiction. The Grasias are Babrias of the Varu subtribe.
References
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Villages in Amreli district
The years of 2015 to 2019 saw the number of LGBTQ characters, building upon progress from 2010 to 2014, in animated series increase, changing the landscape when it came to representation. This includes Western animated series such as The Loud House, Danger & Eggs, Mysticons, OK K.O.! Let's Be Heroes, Castlevania, Big Mouth, She-Ra and the Princesses of Power, Twelve Forever, Craig of the Creek, Harley Quinn, and Hazbin Hotel. LGBTQ characters also appeared prominently in anime such as Flip Flappers, Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid, Bloom Into You, and Given.
This list only includes recurring characters, otherwise known as supporting characters, which appear frequently from time to time during the series' run, often playing major roles in more than one episode, and those in the main cast are listed below. LGBTQ characters which are guest stars or one-off characters are listed on the pages focusing exclusively on gay (in animation and anime), lesbian (in animation and anime), bisexual (in animation and anime), trans, pansexual, asexual, non-binary, and intersex characters.
The entries on this page are organized alphanumerically by duration dates and then alphabetically by the first letter of a specific series.
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
See also
List of yuri anime and manga
List of LGBT-related films by year
List of animated films with LGBT characters.
Notes
References
Citations
Sources
2010s animated television series
2010s-related lists
Animated
Lists of animated series
2010s LGBT-related television series
Kurt Heissmeyer (December 26, 1905 – August 29, 1967) was a Nazi SS physician involved in medical experimentation on concentration camp inmates including children, notably seven-year old Sergio de Simone.
Medical experiments
In order to obtain a professorship, Heissmeyer needed to present original research.
Although previously disproven, their hypothesis was that the injection of live tuberculosis bacilli into subjects would act as a vaccine. Another component of their experimentation was based on pseudoscientific Nazi racial theory that race played a factor in developing tuberculosis.
They attempted to prove their hypothesis by injecting live tuberculosis bacilli into the lungs and bloodstream of "Untermenschen" (subhumans), Jews and Slavs being considered by the Nazis to be racially inferior to Germans.
They were able to have the facilities made available and to test their subjects as a result of personal connections: their uncle, SS general August Heissmeyer, and their close acquaintance, SS general Oswald Pohl.
Their experiment was conducted on 20 Jewish children at Neuengamme concentration camp. The children, along with their four adult caretakers, were murdered by being hanged in the basement of Bullenhuser Damm School in Hamburg.
After the war, Heissmeyer escaped detection and returned to their home in Magdeburg in postwar East Germany and started a successful medical practice as a lung and tuberculosis specialist. They were eventually found out in 1959. In 1966, they were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. At their trial they stated, "I did not think that inmates of a camp had full value as human beings." When asked why they didn't use guinea pigs they responded, "For me there was no basic difference between human beings and guinea pigs." They then corrected himself: "Jews and guinea pigs". Heissmeyer died on 29 August 1967.
See also
Bullenhuser Damm
References
1905 births
1967 deaths
Neuengamme concentration camp personnel
Physicians in the Nazi Party
Nazi human subject research
German people convicted of crimes against humanity
German people who died in prison custody
East German physicians
Prisoners who died in East German detention
Contrast is the first studio album by the French electronic producer and DJ Matt Fax, released by Enhanced Music on 6 October 2017. The album contains the singles "Aura Lusia", "Amnesiac" and "Close 2 U" (with Mike Schmid).
Background
Matt started working on this album for four years, stating it's been a project they always wanted to do. In 2016, Enhanced Music approached them to release an album, which they accepted. They told IHouseU that some tracks been written several years ago but were reworked to fit their nowadays sound.
The first single, "Aura Lusia", was released as part of an EP and was included on the album after the Pete Tong support on BBC Radio 1. During the summer, Matt released "Amnesiac" and "Close 2 U" as singles to announce the album. "Close 2 U" has been rated 8.0/10 by DJ Mag, stating it was "far outclassing anything similar we've heard from deadmau5 in at least a decade".
On 17 October, Matt made a 20-minute guest mix and interview with Armin van Buuren in their radio show A State of Trance. A week before, Above & Beyond invited them for a 30-minute guest mix on Group Therapy and later support "Synopia". Several tracks from Contrast been included in officials Spotify playlists, leading to having some tracks having over 700,000 listens on the platform.
Track listing
References
2017 albums
Trance albums
The Center for Development of Human Services (CDHS) was a sponsored nonprofit program of the Research Foundation of the State University of New York located at Buffalo State College. CDHS/ Research Foundation began in 1976 when a small group of Buffalo State College faculty was successful in obtaining a $100,000 social services training grant to provide instruction to those employed in the field of social work. The Social Services Training Project, as it was then called, evolved into CDHS/Research Foundation, now a nationally recognized provider of human services training. CDHS/Research Foundation used to manage over 30 human services training projects representing $50 million in grant-funded activities that serve the residents of New York State and was the largest such provider in the state. From 1999 to 2010, under the leadership of Robert Spaner, Project Director and Principal Investigator, CDHS expanded from a $16 million operation with under 100 staff to a $60 million Center with 400 staff and 40 separate projects. In April, 2010 Mr. Spaner retired. CDHS used to be headquartered in Buffalo, with satellite offices in Rochester, Syracuse, Albany, and New York City. A large number of CDHS staff worked with state and local government agencies statewide.
At of the end of 2018, The Center for Development of Human Services officially ceased all operations when the college's contract with the New York State Office of Children and Family Services expired. CDHS has largely been replaced by the Learning Engagement and Development Services office (LEADS) at SUNY Buffalo State.
Through research partnerships with faculty and staff of Buffalo State College and the University at Buffalo, local campuses included in the State University of New York, CDHS/Research Foundation trainers and staff are provided with access to professional expertise and the most current scholarly research in the areas of education and social services. This research is used in curriculum development, training, and technical assistance provided for state and local government agencies, including the New York State Department of Children and Family Services, the New York City Administration for Children's Services, the New York State Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance, the New York State Department of Health, and the Erie County Department of Social Services.
Training
Training Units
CDHS includes these training units:
The New York State Child Welfare/Child Protective Services Training Institute provides training in the area of child protection, training for mandated reporters in New York State, and training to keep child welfare workers informed regarding the most current legal requirements associated with child protective services, family-centered social work, and issues such as domestic violence, substance abuse, and family reunification.
The Adolescent Services Training Project provides life skills training for youth aging out of the child welfare system.
The Foster/Adoptive Parent Training Project offers a variety of courses for foster care providers and those considering adoption, including courses on developmental disabilities and child sexual abuse for foster and adoptive parents.
The HIV/AIDS Training Institute provides training and educational seminars for caregivers of children living with HIV or AIDS and youth considering being tested.
The New York State Public Health Insurance Training Institute trains workers who help families obtain free or low-cost health insurance for children as well as those who work in the areas of Medicaid and long-term health care.
The Management Leadership Institute provides staff professional development training and technical assistance to social services agencies, including the Erie County Department of Social Services and the New York City Human Resources Administration.
As part of its mission of “strengthening human services through training, organizational and technical assistance, technology, and evaluation” CDHS/Research Foundation develops and delivers culturally sensitive, outcome-based training in keeping with the most current adult learning theory and federal mandates, including the Adoption and Safe Families Act (ASFA), the Indian Child Welfare Act (ICWA), and the Multi-Ethnic Placement Act (MEPA), as well as the most current New York State legal requirements. Training is offered in the form of both direct and virtual classroom delivery and also through seminars and conferences facilitated by CDHS/Research Foundation statewide.
External links
Center for Development of Human Services
Research Foundation of the State University of New York
Research Foundation of SUNY at Buffalo State College
State University of New York
Buffalo State College
University at Buffalo
New York State
New York State Office of Children and Family Services
New York State Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance
New York State Department of Health
New York City Administration for Children's Services
New York City Human Resources Administration
Erie County Department of Social Services
Social work organizations in the United States
The Execution Channel is an alternate history science fiction novel by British writer Ken MacLeod, which focuses on the early decades of the 21st century. The military of the United States of America and some of its allies have conducted a War on Terror for some time and additional terrorist acts have continued, including an unspecified one at Rosyth in Scotland. Divisions between ethnic groups have formed as a result. The Execution Channel was nominated for a British Science Fiction award in 2007, and for both the Campbell and Clarke Awards in 2008.
The novel takes its title from a mysterious TV channel that broadcasts state-sponsored executions.
Plot
The novel follows the lives of software developer James Travis and their daughter Roisín. Roisín, a pacifist living at a peace camp outside RAF Leuchars, has witnessed and recorded the unloading of a strange device from an aircraft. They then receives a text-message from their brother Alec — who serves in the British Army in Central Asia — apparently warning them of impending trouble. As they and their fellow protestors leave the area, an enormous explosion devastates both the air-base and the neighbouring town.
They also witness an attack on Grangemouth Refinery.
Unknown to her, their father has been working as a spy. They witness the ethnic cleansing of Britain's Muslims and their migration to France. They also witness an attack on Spaghetti Junction.
Other characters include a blogger who specialises in conspiracy theories, Mark Dark; and their mother, Sandra Hope, who works at a camp for eco-refugees in the United States. Some other bloggers work for an intelligence agency, writing under various pseudonyms to spread disinformation.
In the novel's alternate universe, Al Gore won the 2000 presidential election over George W. Bush.  They are reelected in 2004 and is succeeded by Hillary Clinton in 2008. However, the September 11, 2001 attacks still occurred, although they targeted Boston and Philadelphia rather than New York City and Washington D.C. MacLeod explains, "the point made...is that these matters are affected by more powerful forces than the personality of a particular president. In practice the Democratic Party leadership in Congress is just as committed to the war's continuation and possible extension as the Republicans. I didn't want the book to be read as just a fictional form of partisan 'Bush-bashing'."
References
External links
The Execution Channel at Worlds Without End
British alternative history novels
Novels by Ken MacLeod
2007 science fiction novels
British science fiction novels
2007 British novels
Orbit Books books
McJones Shaba is a Malawian politician. They were Malawi's Deputy Minister of Transport and Public Infrastructure in 2010. They have also been involved in public and agricultural works in the country and the National Forestry Plan.
References
Government ministers of Malawi
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Smallburgh Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1974.
It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Smallburgh rural sanitary district. Lying to the south-east of North Walsham it originally had two small areas detached from it main body.
In 1935 it took in parts of Aylsham and Erpingham RDs, thus joining up into a single extent.
In 1974, the district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, and became part of the North Norfolk district.
Statistics
Parishes
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Dirk Marten Fortuin (14 July 1901 – 24 November 1986) was a Dutch rower. They competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men's coxed four where they did not start in the final round.
References
1901 births
1986 deaths
Dutch male rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Amsterdam
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Dutch people
CRISPR Therapeutics AG is a Swiss–American biotechnology company headquartered in Zug, Switzerland. In fiscal year 2019, the company had revenues of $289.59 million, with net income of $66.86 million. In the same year, the number of employees stood at 304. As of December 2021, the company had a market capitalization of over $6 billion. CRISPR Therapeutics' investors include German chemical company Bayer. The company operates R&D in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
History
CRISPR Therapeutics was founded in 2012. One of the co-founders Emmanuelle Charpentier later shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2020 with Jennifer Doudna. As part of a working group, they provided the first scientific documentation on the development and use of CRISPR gene editing. This allows DNA to be specifically modified and exchanged, which can for example prevent diseases. The company CRISPR Therapeutics is to apply this new technology commercially and advance research.
In 2016, the company went public on NASDAQ. In August 2016 the company started to operate Casebia Therapeutics, as a joint venture with Bayer. In 2019, Casebia Therapeutics came directly under the control of CRISPR Therapeutics.
Products
The company has several drugs in development. These include the drug CTX001 for the treatment of the rare blood disorders Beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease, which is being developed jointly with Vertex Pharmaceuticals. In May 2020, CTX001 received Orphan drug Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia and from the European Medicines Agency for sickle cell disease and transfusion-dependent beta thalassemia. Early clinical trial results support the safety and efficacy of this treatment.
See also
Editas Medicine
Intellia Therapeutics
References
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Swiss companies established in 2013
Biotechnology companies of Switzerland
Companies based in Cambridge, Massachusetts
Companies based in Zug
Genomics companies
Biotechnology companies established in 2013
2013 establishments in Switzerland
2016 initial public offerings
Wojtek Drabowicz (also Wojciech Drabowicz; 24 March 1966 – 27 March 2007) was a Polish operatic baritone who was a leading performer at the Polish National Opera from 1989 through 2007. They also are active as a guest performer at major opera houses and concert stages throughout Europe.
Biography
Born in Poznań, Drabowicz studied at the Academy of Music in their native city from 1984 to 1989. They won the Adam Didur-Concours competition in 1988 and both the Belvedere International Singing Competition in Vienna and the International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow in 1990. They made their professional opera debut in 1989 as the title hero in Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin at the Great Theatre, Poznań. They remained a regular performer at that house up until their sudden death at the age of 41 in a car accident brought about by a heart attack in 2007. They notably toured with the Polish National Opera to London in 2004 as the title hero in Karol Szymanowski's King Roger.
As a guest artist, Drabowicz was a regular visitor to the Glyndebourne Festival, where their roles included Count Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro, Eugene Onegin, Tomsky in The Queen of Spades, and the title roles in Don Giovanni and Mazeppa. In 1991 they portrayed Moralès in Georges Bizet's Carmen at the Bregenzer Festspiele. They made their debut at La Monnaie as Guglielmo in Così fan tutte in 1995, and that same year made their first appearance at the Kiel Opera House as Pelléas in Pelléas et Mélisande. In 1998 they created Vershinin in the world premiere of Peter Eötvös's Trois Soeurs.
References
1966 births
2007 deaths
Operatic baritones
Musicians from Poznań
20th-century Polish male opera singers
Prize-winners of the International Tchaikovsky Competition
The U.S. Army's 63rd Cavalry Division, Organized Reserve, was created from the perceived need for additional cavalry units. It numbered in succession of the Regular Army Divisions, which were not all active at its creation.
The 63rd Cavalry Division was located in the Mid-Atlantic United States. The division was composed of personnel from Tennessee, Louisiana, Georgia, North Carolina, Texas, Oklahoma, & Colorado.
Organization
Headquarters & Headquarters Troop
155th Brigade
309th Cavalry Regiment
310th Cavalry Regiment
156th Brigade
311th Cavalry Regiment
312th Cavalry Regiment
863rd Field Artillery Regiment
463rd Tank Company
63rd Signal Troop
583rd Ordnance Company
463rd Quartermaster Squadron
463rd Armored Car Squadron
403rd Engineer Squadron
363rd Medical Squadron
See also
United States Army branch insignia
List of armored and cavalry regiments of the United States Army
References
U.S. Army Order of Battle 1919–1941, Volume 2. The Arms: Cavalry, Field Artillery, and Coast Artillery, 1919–41 by Lieutenant Colonel (Retired) Steven E. Clay, Combat Studies Institute Press, Fort Leavenworth, KS, 2011
Maneuver and Firepower, The Evolution of Divisions and Separate Brigades, by John B. Wilson, Center of Military History, Washington D.C., 1998
Cavalry Regiments of the U S Army by James A. Sawicki Wyvern Pubns; June 1985
”, The Trading Post, Journal of the American Society of Military Insignia Collectors, April- June 2009, page 21
External links
Formations of the United States Army
63
William Knight Hall (born 1855) was a British socialist and anarchist activist.
Born in Buckinghamshire, Hall worked from the age of nine, initially plaiting straw, then as a farm labourer. They also spent time as a navvy, canal boat man, and a tram guard. During a period working in a foundry in Glasgow, they studied at night, learning French and Latin. They read works by Louis Blanc, which led them socialism, and in 1885 they joined the Social Democratic Federation (SDF).
Hall left Glasgow to work as a miner in North Staffordshire, and they then relocated to a pit in Pendleton. They stood for the SDF in the Salford School Board election of 1891, but was not elected. They then stood in Salford South at the 1892 UK general election, Robert Cunninghame-Graham chairing a meeting on their behalf, at which they stress that Hall was a worker, not a paid activist. Hall came bottom of the poll with 553 votes, which was widely considered to have cost the Liberal Party candidate the seat.
Disappointed by their performance, Hall became a founder of the Manchester Independent Labour Party, but then became interested in anarchism. They moved to Glasgow, then spent time in Edinburgh, where they wrote The Farce of the Ballot Box. They died in the first decade of the 20th century.
References
1855 births
1900s deaths
Year of death uncertain
English anarchists
People from Buckinghamshire
Social Democratic Federation members
The Advanced Defense Line (Spanish: Línea Avanzada) is a historic district consisting of four structures that formed part of the eastern defensive system of the Islet of San Juan in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Components
The historic district designated by the United States National Register of Historic Places consists of two buildings (the Fortín de San Gerónimo and the San Gerónimo Powderhouse), one structure (El Escambrón Battery) and the remnants of the San Antonio Bridgehead in El Boquerón.
History
The area where the Advanced Defense Line is located today lies outside of the fortified wall system of San Juan, particularly in the eastern portion of the Puerta de Tierra sub-district of San Juan Antiguo in the Islet of San Juan. The San Gerónimo Powderhouse, built by military engineer Thomas O'Daly, dates to at least 1769. This powder warehouse is located in modern-day Luis Muñoz Rivera Park, and it has served many purposes throughout its history from a general warehouse to a history museum to a zoo.
Although the city walls of San Juan date to 1634, the eastern portion of the Islet of San Juan was militarily unprotected between 1595-1598 when Sir Francis Drake and George Clifford, the 3rd Earl of Cumberland respectively attacked the islet until at least 1797 when the British attacked during the Battle of San Juan under the command of Sir Ralph Abercromby and Sir Henry Harvey, at the time of the Coalition Anglo-Spanish War. Although the Spanish and Puerto Rican troops were victorious, this event led to the re-fortification of El Boquerón in the eastern end of Puerta de Tierra.
The San Gerónimo Fortress was built after the British attack in the spot of a battery site known as the El Boquerón Battery, which provided southern fire assistance to the northern El Escambrón Battery. Another battery was built nearby at the site of the modern-day San Antonio Bridge which in the 19th century provided rail connection between Old San Juan and Santurce. Today the San Gerónimo Fortress is located adjacent to the grounds of the Caribe Hilton Hotel.
Gallery
References
Old San Juan, Puerto Rico
Forts on the National Register of Historic Places
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
History of San Juan, Puerto Rico
National Register of Historic Places in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Spanish Colonial architecture in Puerto Rico
Tourist attractions in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Starved is an American television sitcom that aired for one season on FX for seven episodes in 2005. The series was about four friends who each suffer from eating disorders, who met at a "shame-based" support group called Belt Tighteners. Its characters included those with bulimia, anorexia, and binge eating disorder. Eric Schaeffer created the show as well as writing, starring in and directing it, based upon their own struggle with eating disorders. In addition to their own life experiences, Schaeffer also drew upon the experiences of the other members of the principal cast, each of whom coincidentally had struggled with food issues of their own.
Starved was the lead-in of FX's hour-long "Other Side of Comedy" block with It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. FX executives wanted to use the two series to begin building comedy programming and broaden the network's demographic. The series debuted on August 4, 2005 to poor critical reviews and was cancelled in October 2005, when FX picked Sunny over Starved for renewal.
Characters
Sam (Eric Schaeffer) is a commodities trader who suffers from anorexia and compulsive overeating. Their interests quickly turn into obsessions. Despite being with several different women during the series, they are secretly in love with Billie.
Billie Frasier (Laura Benanti) is an anorexic and bulimic who also has issues with alcohol abuse. Billie is bisexual and was raised by two gay fathers. Formerly a ballerina, the original impetus for their eating disorders, they are now a moderately well-known singer-songwriter.
Dan Roundtree (Del Pentecost) is a novelist and compulsive overeater. The only married person among the main characters, they worry that their weight will lead their wife to leave him. They continually schedule and then cancels gastric bypass surgery.
Adam Williams (Sterling K. Brown) is a police officer with bulimia. They abuse their authority to extort food from restaurants and delivery people, which eventually costs them their job.
Belt Tighteners Group Leader (Jackie Hoffman) leads the support group that the friends attend. Sarcastic and abrasive, they constantly berate the four friends for their failed attempts at dealing with their food issues. Following their tirades, they lead the group in a chant of the support group's slogan, "It's not OK!"
Production
Series star Eric Schaeffer created Starved. Schaeffer, who is in recovery for alcohol and drug addiction and describes themselves as having "anorexic thinking," drew on their own experiences with eating disorders and the experiences of other people they knew in creating scenarios for the series. Other cast members also struggled with food issues. Benanti spent three years fighting anorexia while they danced on Broadway. Pentecost, who weighed 310 pounds at the time of filming, contributed stories from their own life to the series, including a scene in which their character weighs themselves on a postal scale because they are too heavy for a conventional bathroom scale. Brown was fat as a child and describes themselves as being "haunted by the 'fat kid mentality'." Producers only discovered that each of the principal cast members had food issues after the casting process was completed.
Starved and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia were developed for FX under the auspices of FX president John Landgraf, who sought to expand the network's viewership by providing a wider variety of programming. The shows were the network's first attempts at sitcoms following the short-lived 2003 series Lucky. FX at the time was known primarily for its edgy dramatic series. Bruce Lefkowitz, then executive vice president of Fox Cable Entertainment, outlined the strategy: "We kind of staked out a unique space in dramas that are very different from everybody else's, so the next natural evolution is to do something in the comedy space." The network ordered seven episodes of each series.
Starved was shot in the spring of 2005 in New York City using a single-camera setup and without a laugh track. It and Sunny were the first shows that FX produced inhouse.
Episodes
Reception
Starved generated controversy even before its premiere. A number of specialists in the treatment of eating disorders expressed concern that the program would either make light of or glamorize eating disorders. Others, however, felt that Starved might focus attention on eating disorders as a serious medical condition. The National Eating Disorders Association called for a boycott of the show and claimed that Diageo (makers of Tanqueray) and Nautilus agreed to pull their advertising. Schaeffer responded to the controversy, saying "there is some difficult stuff to watch. But I know my spirit and intention are good."
Starved premiered to an audience of 1.54 million viewers, scoring a Neilsen rating of 0.8 and a 2 share among adults 18-49, the network's target demographic. Reviews were unfavorable. Variety echoed the slogan of Belt Tighteners in dismissing the series as "not OK." Noting the series' edgy content, Variety allows that "Pushing the envelope in terms of standards is all well and good, assuming that series earn the right to do so." Starved, it says, did not earn that right. The series' "stabs at poignancy feel unconvincing and forced" and "from an emotional standpoint there's seldom a truthful note."
The Washington Post concurred in this assessment, describing the premise of the show as "Hey, what happens if you take the characters from Seinfeld and give them eating disorders?" While crediting Starved for "a few inventive laughs," the language and sexuality of the show are described as "exceptionally coarse" and "outrageous for cable television, even later at night." Worse than these issues, the Post felt that Schaeffer neglected to develop the characters in favor of coming up with contrived situations for them. "[T]his failure to build understanding into the show dooms it to emptiness, with a sour aftertaste. As if you had just, you know, hurled."
The New York Times credited the series for its bold premise and noted that the show provided some insight into eating disorders while offering "a few flashes of clever dialogue and satire." Ultimately, however, the Times found that "Starved relies too heavily on sight gags and gross-out farce." The Los Angeles Times found the show "vexing" for being "at once assured and shallow, accomplished and unconvincing, well-acted and empty." The review singles out Schaeffer's character Sam as "especially unappealing" and points to Schaeffer's roles as creator, producer, writer and director as "an object lesson in the wisdom of a system of checks and balances." Perhaps most damningly, in noting Schaeffer's experiences with addiction, the reviewer writes that "just because you've had an experience doesn't mean you have anything interesting to say about it or are able to articulate whatever interesting thing you have to say."
New York called it the Best Show You Probably Never Watched. NBC used a clip from the second episode in "The Most Outrageous TV Moments".
FX canceled Starved in October 2005. FX president John Landgraf told Variety, "The show had a lot of fans, so it was tough to choose [between it and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia]. Ultimately, we felt that we're just not in a position to spread our resources. We launched our dramas one at a time, and launching two [comedies] like we did this summer just didn't work out as well." As of 2020, Sunny is in its fifteenth season on sister network FXX.
References
External links
2000s American single-camera sitcoms
2005 American television series debuts
2005 American television series endings
FX Networks original programming
American LGBT-related sitcoms
Television shows set in New York City
Television shows about eating disorders
is a private junior college in Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan, established in 1997.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1997
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukuoka Prefecture
1997 establishments in Japan
Steve Brewer (born February 2, 1957) is an American author of mystery, detective and crime novels. Their novel Lonely Street was made into the Hollywood film of the same name, starring Robert Patrick, Jay Mohr and Joe Mantegna.
Biography
Writing
Brewer was a journalist for 22 years, writing for the Arkansas Gazette, Associated Press, and Albuquerque Journal. They continued to write a weekly syndicated humor column for 10 more years, many of them collected in the book Trophy Husband.
Brewer switched to fiction with the publication of their first novel, Lonely Street in 1994. They have published 34 books, including three under the pen name Max Austin. Ten of their novels, including Lonely Street, feature bumbling Albuquerque private eye Bubba Mabry.
Teaching
Brewer teaches writing at the Honors College of the University of New Mexico.
They have also taught classes at the Midwest Writers Workshop, SouthWest Writers, and the Tony Hillerman Writers Seminar, and regularly speaks at mystery conventions.
Bookstore
In 2018, Brewer opened Organic Books, an independent bookstore in Albuquerque, NM, with their wife Kelly and sons Max and Seth.
Published works
Novels
Lonely Street (1994), Pocket Books
Baby Face (1995), Pocket Books
Witchy Woman (1996), St. Martin's Press
Shaky Ground (1997), St. Martin's Press
Dirty Pool (1999), St. Martin's Press
End Run (2000), Intrigue Press
Crazy Love (2001), Intrigue Press
Cheap Shot (2002), Intrigue Press
Bullets (2003), Intrigue Press
Fool's Paradise (2003), UNM Press
Boost (2004), Speck Press
Bank Job (2005), Intrigue Press
Whipsaw (2006), Intrigue Press
Monkey Man (2006), Intrigue Press
Cutthroat (2007), Bleak House
Firepower (2010), Amazon
1500 Rules for Successful Living (2011), Amazon
Calabama (2011), Amazon
The Big Wink (2011), Amazon
Lost Vegas (2011), Amazon
A Box of Pandoras (2012), Amazon
Duke City Split (as Max Austin) (2014), Alibi
Duke City Hit (as Max Austin) (2014), Alibi
Duke City Desperado (as Max Austin) (2015), Alibi
Shotgun Boogie (2016), Amazon
Homesick Blues (2016), Amazon
Side Eye (2017), Amazon
Cold Cuts (2018), Amazon
Upshot (2020), Amazon
Trouble Town (2021), Amazon
Short fiction
Sanity Clause (novella), in The Last Noel (2004), Worldwide
Payoff (short story) in Damn Near Dead (2006), Busted Flush Press
Limbo (short story), in the Mystery Writers of America anthology Crimes by Moonlight (2010), Berkley
Surf City (short story), in West Coast Crime Wave (2011), Amazon
Showdown (short story) (2012), Amazon
Found Money (short story) (2012), Amazon
Party Doll (novella) (2012), Amazon
Yvonne's Gone (short story) (2012), Amazon
Cemetery Plot (short story) (2013), Amazon (reprinted in the 2019 anthology "Knucklehead Noir," Coffin Hop Press)
Up the Chimney (short story) in It's a Weird Winter Wonderland (2017), Coffin Hop Press
Babbling Brook (short story) in "Trouble & Strife" (2019), Down and Out Books
Black Friday (short story) in "A Beast Without A Name" (2019), Down and Out Books
Humor
Trophy Husband (2003), University of New Mexico Press
Rules for Successful Living (2020), Amazon
Recognition
Brewer served two years on the national board of Mystery Writers of America and twice served as an Edgar Awards judge.  They are also a member of International Thriller Writers and SouthWest Writers.
See also
Lonely Street
References
External links
The Home Front, Steve Brewer's blog and homepage
Steve Brewer reviews at Kirkus
Steve Brewer reviews at Publisher's Weekly
Upshot review at the Albuquerque Journal
Shotgun Boogie review at the Albuquerque Journal
American male novelists
American mystery writers
University of New Mexico faculty
University of Arkansas alumni
Writers from New Mexico
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
Living people
1957 births
Yellowknife is the capital city of the Northwest Territories, Canada.
Yellowknife may also refer to:
Yellowknife River, a river in the Northwest Territories, Canada
Yellowknives, a tribe of North American indigenous people who gave their name to the city
Yellowknife (administrative district), a former electoral district in the Northwest Territories, Canada
HMCS Yellowknife, a Canadian coastal defence vessel
Yellowknife (film), a 2002 film by Canadian director Rodrigue Jean
See also
Brachystomatinae is a subfamily of flies belonging to the family Empididae.
Taxonomy
Until 2006, Brachystomatinae was classified as a subfamily within Empididae, at which point a new phylogeny was proposed in which the lineage was raised to family rank, though other contemporaneous studies did not support this conclusion, and in 2018 a new analysis indicated that the treatment of Brachystomatinae as a family rendered Empididae paraphyletic, and restored it to the rank of subfamily.
Genera
Anomalempis Melander, 1928
Apalocnemis Philippi, 1865
Boreodromia Coquillett, 1903
Brachystoma Meigen, 1822
Ceratempis Melander, 1927
Ceratomerus Philippi, 1865
Ephydrempis Saigusa, 1986
Gloma Meigen, 1822
Glyphidopeza Sinclair, 1997
Heleodromia Haliday, 1833
Hyperperacera Collin, 1933
Niphogenia Melander, 1928
Pseudheleodromia Wagner, 2001
Rubistella Garrett-Jones, 1940
Sabroskyella Wilder, 1982
Sematopoda Collin, 1928
Sinotrichopeza Yang, Zhang & Zhang, 2007
Trichopeza Rondani, 1856
Xanthodromia Saigusa, 1986
Zealandicesa Koçak & Kemal, 2010
References
Further reading
Empidoidea
Brachycera subfamilies
St. Thomas Aquinas High School may refer to:
Canada
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic High School (North Vancouver), British Columbia
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic High School (Russell, Ontario)
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School (Lindsay), Ontario
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School (London, Ontario)
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School (Oakville), Ontario
Ghana
St. Thomas Aquinas Senior High School, Cantoments
United Kingdom
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Edinburgh), Scotland
United States
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Connecticut), New Britain, Connecticut
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Florida), Ft. Lauderdale, Florida
St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic High School (Guam)
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Overland Park, Kansas)
Saint Thomas Aquinas High School (Louisiana), Hammond, Louisiana
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (New Hampshire), Dover, New Hampshire
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (New Jersey), Edison, New Jersey
St. Thomas Aquinas High School (Ohio), Louisville, Ohio
See also
Aquinas High School (disambiguation)
St. Thomas Aquinas Secondary School (disambiguation)
St. Thomas High School (disambiguation)
St Thomas School (disambiguation)
The seven-colored tanager (Tangara fastuosa) is a vulnerable species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to forests in north-eastern Brazil. It resembles the overall greener green-headed tanager; a species confusingly known as the seven-coloured tanager (saíra-sete-cores) in Portuguese.
The Seven-colored tanager is a 13.5 cm bird named for the spectacular coloration of its feathers.
Turquoise-green: Head, chin and mantle
Black: Lores, area around bill, back, shoulders, and throat
Bright blue: Breast and edge of tail
Ultramarine blue: Belly
Paler turquoise-blue: Wing-coverts
Dark blue: Edging to wing feathers
Orange: Edging to tertials, rump and lower back
References
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Tangara (genus)
Birds described in 1831
Endemic birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hippaphesis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Hippaphesis granicornis (Fairmaire, 1879)
Hippaphesis punctata Thomson, 1864
References
Apomecynini
Cerambycidae genera
George Henry Frederick Webb (1828 – 26 September 1891) was a judge of the Supreme Court of Victoria.
Webb was born in London, England, the son of Samuel Ody Webb, a naval officer, and their wife Isabella, née Sweet.
As a youth Webb entered the office of William Brodie Gurney, the famous parliamentary shorthand writer, and soon became proficient in stenography. Webb emigrated to Melbourne, Victoria, in 1852, and was for some time a reporter on The Argus. In 1855 Webb was appointed shorthand writer to the Government of Victoria. Having decided to embrace the legal profession, they attended the lectures on law given at the University of Melbourne by Henry Samuel Chapman and Wilberforce Stephen and subsequently read in the latter's chambers.
In 1860 Webb was called to the Victorian Bar and appointed a lecturer on law at the University of Melbourne. The latter appointment they quickly resigned, as also the position of Government shorthand writer in 1866. Having for a long period been recognised as the leader of the Equity Bar in Victoria, they were in 1874 offered the puisne judgeship rendered vacant by the retirement of Edward Williams. They declined, however, being reluctant to accept a drop in income. Having become Q.C. and continued to practise with unrivalled success, they were elevated to the Bench on 4 May 1886 in place of the retiring Sir Robert Molesworth, and fulfilled their judicial functions down to the time of their death. Though on several occasions a candidate, they never succeeded in securing their return to the Victorian Legislative Assembly, and was also defeated when they contested a seat in the Victorian Legislative Council. Webb, who was a member of the Congregational body, died at their residence, Caulfield, Victoria, near Melbourne, on 26 September 1891, at the age of sixty-four.
References
1828 births
1891 deaths
Judges of the Supreme Court of Victoria
Lawyers from London
English emigrants to Australia
Colony of Victoria judges
19th-century English lawyers
Eric G. Fraser (7 January 1931 – 6 July 2000) was an English World Cup winning professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played at representative level has played for Great Britain (captain), and at club level for Warrington (captain), as a goal-kicking , i.e. number 1.
Playing career
Fraser won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1958 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (2 matches), in 1959 against France (2 matches), and Australia, in 1960 against France (2 matches), New Zealand, and France (2 matches), and in 1961 against France, and New Zealand (2 matches). They played , and scored a goal in Warrington's 5-4 victory over St. Helens in the 1959–60 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1959–60 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 31 October 1959. Fraser played in the first two of the three matches for Great Britain's 1960 Rugby League World Cup winning team, being replaced by Austin Rhodes in the last game against Australia.
Fraser was inducted to the Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame.
References
External links
!Great Britain Statistics at englandrl.co.uk (statistics currently missing due to not having appeared for both Great Britain, and England)
(archived by web.archive.org) Wire legend makes their début
Warrington's World Cup heroes – Eric Fraser
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1931 births
2000 deaths
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team captains
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Warrington Wolves captains
Warrington Wolves players
Winnipeg is a city in Canada and the capital of the province Manitoba.
Winnipeg may also refer to:
Winnipeg (electoral district), a former federal electoral district in Manitoba, Canada
Lake Winnipeg, a large lake in Manitoba
Winnipeg River, a river flowing into Lake Winnipeg
Winnipeg Capital Region, Manitoba, a region of Manitoba in the Red River Valley
Winnipeg Junction, Minnesota, a community in the United States
Winnipeg, Missouri, a community in the United States
Winnipeg (bear), a Canadian black bear and the namesake for Winnie the Pooh
, a Canadian frigate.
Winnipeg (ship), the name of a ship which arrived at Valparaíso, Chile, on 3 September 1939 with 2,200 Spanish immigrants
The marsh antwren (Formicivora acutirostris), also known as the Paraná antwren, is an insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to marshes and swamps in the Brazilian states of Paraná and Santa Catarina.
It was first described in 1995. Although initially placed in its own genus Stymphalornis, a subsequently molecular phylogenetic study has shown that the marsh antwren is closely related to species in the genus Formicivora.
It is threatened by habitat loss and currently considered Endangered by BirdLife International.
Two subspecies are recognised:
F. a. acutirostris Bornschein, Reinert & Teixera, 1995 – Paraná to northeast Rio Grande do Sul
F. a. paludicola (Buzzetti et al., 2013) – east São Paulo
The subspecies F. a. paludicola was discovered near São Paulo and described in 2013 as a new species in the genus Formicivora. This subspecies has been found in fifteen small, isolated areas in the east of the state of São Paulo, not far from the city of São Paulo, in south-eastern Brazil. The sites lie within the headwaters of the Paraíba do Sul and Tietê Rivers, at elevations of . There it inhabits marshes with relatively tall () vegetation. Much of its habitat is degraded and threatened by agricultural, industrial and residential development.
Males of the subspecies F. a. paludicola can be distinguished from those of the nominate subspecies by their black underparts and thighs, very dark grey-brown upperparts, and a smaller exposed culmen. Females are distinguished by their very dark grey-brown upperparts and flanks, and smaller exposed culmen.
The fourth edition of the Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World and the online edition of the Handbook of the Birds of the World both treat the two subspecies as separate species and place them in the genus Formicivora. In their treatment Formicivora acutirostris is given the English name "Parana antwren" and Formicivora paludicola the name "marsh antwren".
The suspended cup-shaped nest is made of dry vegetation. It is usually attached to reeds or grasses at a height of between above the ground. The clutch is two white eggs which have irregular brown blotches. The average size is with a weight of around .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
marsh antwren
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
marsh antwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Julio Munguía (born 25 April 1942) is a former Mexican cyclist. They competed in the men's tandem at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1942 births
Living people
Mexican male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Mexico
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Mexico City
There have been two Calder Baronetcies.
The Calder Baronetcy, of Muirton in the County of Moray, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 5 November 1686 for James Calder. The baronetcy became either extinct or dormant on the death of the sixth baronet, William Henry Walsingham Calder, in 1887.
The Calder Baronetcy, of Southwick in the County of Southampton, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 22 August 1798 for Captain Sir Robert Calder, third son of the third Baronet of the 1686 creation. It became extinct on their death in 1818.
Calder baronets, of Muirton (1686)
Sir James Calder, 1st Baronet (1657–1711)
Sir Thomas Calder, 2nd Baronet (1682–1760)
Sir James Calder, 3rd Baronet (1712–1774)
Major General Sir Henry Calder, 4th Baronet (1743–1792)
Sir Henry Roddam Calder, 5th Baronet (1790–1868)
Sir William Henry Walsingham Calder, 6th Baronet (1821–1887)
Calder baronets, of Southwick (1798)
Sir Robert Calder, 1st Baronet (1745–1818)
References
Dormant baronetcies in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Rubus idaeus (raspberry, also called red raspberry or occasionally European red raspberry to distinguish it from other raspberry species) is a red-fruited species of Rubus native to Europe and northern Asia and commonly cultivated in other temperate regions.
Taxonomy
A closely related plant in North America, sometimes regarded as the variety Rubus idaeus var. strigosus, is more commonly treated as a distinct species, Rubus strigosus (American red raspberry), as is done here. Red-fruited cultivated raspberries, even in North America, are generally Rubus idaeus or horticultural derivatives of hybrids of R. idaeus and R. strigosus; these plants are all addressed in the present article.
Description
Plants of Rubus idaeus are generally perennials, which bear biennial stems ("canes") from a perennial root system. In its first year, a new, unbranched stem ("primocane") grows vigorously to its full height of 1.5–2.5 m (5.0–8.3 feet), bearing large pinnately compound leaves with five or seven leaflets, but usually no flowers. In its second year (as a "floricane"), a stem does not grow taller, but produces several side shoots, which bear smaller leaves with three or five leaflets. The flowers are produced in late spring on short racemes on the tips of these side shoots, each flower about 1 cm (0.4 inches) diameter with five white petals. The fruit is red, edible, and sweet but tart-flavoured, produced in summer or early autumn; in botanical terminology, it is not a berry at all, but an aggregate fruit of numerous drupelets around a central core. In raspberries (various species of Rubus subgenus Idaeobatus), the drupelets separate from the core when picked, leaving a hollow fruit, whereas in blackberries and most other species of Rubus, the drupelets stay attached to the core.
Biotope
As a wild plant, R. idaeus typically grows in forests, forming open stands under a tree canopy, and denser stands in clearings. In the south of its range (southern Europe and central Asia), it occurs only at high altitudes in mountains. The species name idaeus refers to its occurrence on Mount Ida near Troy in northwest Turkey, where the ancient Greeks were most familiar with it.
Cultivation and uses
R. idaeus is grown primarily for its fruits, but occasionally for its leaves, roots, or other parts.
Fruits
The fruit of R. idaeus is an important food crop, though most modern commercial raspberry cultivars derive from hybrids between R. idaeus and R. strigosus. The fruits of wild plants have a sweet taste and are very aromatic.
Leaves and other parts
Red raspberries contain 31 μg/100 g of folate. Red raspberries have antioxidant effects that play a minor role in the killing of stomach and colon cancer cells.
Young roots of Rubus idaeus prevented kidney stone formation in a mouse model of hyperoxaluria. Tiliroside from raspberry is a potent tyrosinase inhibitor and might be used as a skin-whitening agent and pigmentation medicine.
Raspberry fruit may protect the liver.
Chemistry
Vitamin C and phenolics are present in red raspberries. Most notably, the anthocyanins cyanidin-3-sophoroside, cyanidin-3-(2(G)-glucosylrutinoside) and cyanidin-3-glucoside, the two ellagitannins sanguiin H-6 and lambertianin C are present together with trace levels of flavonols, ellagic acid and hydroxycinnamate.
Polyphenolic compounds from raspberry seeds have antioxidant effects in vitro, but have no proven antioxidant effect in humans. Raspberry ketones are derived from various fruits and plants, not raspberries, and are marketed as having weight loss benefits. There is no clinical evidence for this effect in humans.
See also
Chambord (liqueur) – raspberry-based liqueur
List of culinary fruits
References
External links
idaeus
Berries
Flora of Europe
Flora of Asia
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Subshrubs
The Revista de la Sociedad Venezolana Química (, CODEN RSVQAQ), is a Venezolanan scientific journal in chemistry. It was founded in 1944 by the Sociedad Venezolana Química (SVQ), Caracas. The latest published volume is 26 (2003).
Chemistry journals
Prislonica is a small town in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 1,424 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Benedict Onamkulam (1929–2001) was an Indian priest who was convicted of the murder, rape and impregnation of a woman in 1960 and sentenced to death. They were acquitted in 1967 due to a lack of evidence. They were later on found to be innocent of all the crimes 34 years later.
See also
Madatharuvi case
References
1929 births
Indian Roman Catholic priests
2001 deaths
Aikaterini Deli (born 12 January 1975) is a Greek basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1975 births
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Greece
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Athens
The 1978 Bromley Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
Henry William Collins and Joyce Millicent Pallot were two artists who lived and worked together for over 60 years. They are best known for their work on a number of large-scale public concrete murals during the 1960s and 1970s, many of which remain around the UK today. Their mural work often included elements relating to the cultural and industrial heritage of the location they were sited and is part of a tradition of muralists that includes William Mitchell and Kenneth Budd amongst others. Henry Collins and Joyce Pallot were both prominent members of the Colchester Art Society and exhibited together on a number of occasions.
Henry Collins
Henry Collins was an artist and designer born in Colchester in 1910. They were the son of Henry Percy Collins and their wife Mary née Beagley. They studied at the Colchester School of Art and the Central School, London. During World War II they served in the Royal Artillery and the Royal Engineers. After the war, Collins worked as a freelance designer and established themselves as an artist following a commission by the Central Office of Information at the Festival of Britain in 1951. Collins was also an educator teaching at St Martin's School of Art, London and the Colchester School of Art and was a founding member of the Colchester Art Society. Collins designed the Colchester Art Society's logo and designed the posters for the Colchester Arts Society's first exhibition at the Colchester Castle. Collins also designed a poster for Transport for London in 1935 titled Cheap Return Fairs.
Following Henry Collins death in 1994, a memorial exhibition was held at Essex County Libraries 1995-1996.
Joyce Pallot
Pallot was born in Brightlingsea in Essex, United Kingdom. They were educated at Colchester County High School and the Southend Schools of Art. Following World War II, Pallot taught part-time in private schools and adult education centres in Colchester as well as in the Colchester School of Art. In their lifetime Pallot was a member of the Society of Industrial Artists and a prominent member of the Colchester Art Society sitting on various selection committees alongside fellow Colchester Art Society member and director, the artist John Nash. Some of Pallot's paintings are included in the Colchester County High School's collection as well as Colchester Art Society's permanent collection.
Joyce Pallot died at the Old Rectory Residential Home, Lexden in May 2004.
Henry Collins and Joyce Pallot
Joyce Pallot met fellow artist and designer Henry Collins at the Colchester Art School in 1932 and the couple subsequently married in 1938 . They worked together on a series of commissions from 1948 and completed over 60 projects in the UK. In 1951 the couple were commissioned by the Central Office of Information to create a mural for the Sea and Ships Pavilion for the Festival of Britain; Expo '70 in Osaka, Japan; Jamestown Festival, United States; Shell Centre; GPO Tower, London; Grosvenor House, London; Ind Coope Ltd; Philips Business Systems; Sainsbury's; British Home Stores; Cwmbran Arts Trust; Essex County Council; and IBM, London. Collins and Pallot exhibited together on a number of occasions including a joint retrospective exhibition at The Minories, Colchester in 1984. The artists also collaborated on a number of public concrete murals which they signed collectively as 'Henry and Joyce Collins'.
Concrete Murals by Henry and Joyce Collins
Well known works by Henry and Joyce Collins include a series of concrete murals they completed together. These murals can be seen in their hometown of Colchester, Essex in the St Botolph's Circus underpass; the Crouch Street underpass; and on the façade of the Sainsbury's supermarket in Priory Walk. In April 2012, Firstsite funded a project to restore and relocate a series of three reliefs to 15 Queen Street, Colchester. These works by Henry and Joyce Collins were completed for the façade of the British Home Stores, Colchester in 1976 and were previously installed in the Lion Walk Shopping Centre until its redevelopment in 2009.
Other concrete murals by Henry and Joyce Collins can be seen in other locations in the UK including a mural in Hamtun Street, Southampton which narrates the history of the city; the Stockport British Home Stores also depicting the history of the city; Newcastle Through the Ages (1974) located on the Primark in Newcastle; and Sainsbury's supermarket, Burkhurst Place, Bexhill-on-sea. These works are an example of Post-war mural art that was popularised following the Festival of Britain in 1951.
The early process Pallot and Collins used to make these concrete murals included the use of plastic moulds. The relief was made in reverse and then poured concrete was put into the moulds. The moulds themselves would then be broken in order to remove the concrete mural. Later the couple would go on to use wooden moulds with a releasing agent which meant that moulds could be re-used. Pallot and Collins would often extensively research the history of an area before starting a mural and would often allude to the city's history in the mural itself including references to important local figures and events.
According to the Twentieth Century Society, as many as one thousand murals were made between the end of the Second World War and the 1980s in the UK and were a product of the post war building boom. The Twentieth Century Society has launched a campaign to preserve some of these murals, as some have been destroyed in the redevelopment of cities in UK such as the 2008 destruction of a mural by Ray Howard-Jones in Cardiff and another by Mitzi Cunliffe in Sunderland.
References
Modern sculptors
English muralists
20th-century British sculptors
20th-century British painters
Serhiy Dmytrovych Prytula (; born 22 June 1981) is a Ukrainian public and political figure, who gained their popularity as a TV presenter and actor. Since the full-scale Russian invasion of Ukraine they have focused on fundraising money for the needs of the Armed forces of Ukraine. Their most famous campaign was People's Bayraktar (and the purchase of a satellite).
Biography
Early life and education
Serhiy was born on June 22, 1981 in the city of Zbarazh, Ternopil Oblast.
In 1997, they received 2nd place for the defense of scientific works of the Small Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. Serhiy graduated from school with a gold medal and entered the Ternopil Academy of National Economy (now West Ukrainian National University).
During their studies at the academy, Serhiy was an active participant of several youth organizations. Together with an affinity group, Serhiy established an informal union of “Artists”.
Broadcasting career
In 1998, Prytula passed casting for the position of a broadcaster and in January 1999, they appeared on “Radio Ternopil 106.1 FM” under the nickname Siryi, meaning “Grey”.
In 1999, Serhiy paid for a course in one of London's colleges and passed the first exam session externally. In 2000-2001, they studied in London.
Disappointed with studying, Prytula started working. They went through all the stages while working in London: from a builder and loader to a waiter and cook's helper.
Having returning to Ternopil, they occupied the position of Student Dean of the Institute, and resumed work on "Radio Ternopil".
Prytula has hosted the morning show “Pidiom” (eng. “Wake up!”) and the talent-show “Ukraine Does not Believe in Tears” on Novyi Kanal.
From 2017 to 2020, Prytula served as a host of Vidbir, Ukraine's national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest.
Real Comedy
Between 2006 and 2009, Prytula was a regular participant of Real Comedy, where they cultivated a sarcastic image from sharply addressing Ukrainian celebrities.
Political career
From 2019 to 2021, they co-operated with the party Holos, running for the parliament election in 2019 and for the post of mayor of Kyiv in 2020.
Prytula took part in the July 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election with the party Holos, but election results allowed only 17 members of the party to become MPs, while Prytula was 30th. They were a member of the political council of the party from April 2020 until February 2021.
Prytula was the candidate of Holos for the post of Mayor of Kyiv in the 2020 Kyiv local election. In the election they received less than 8% of the votes (in total they received 56,900 votes), securing third place but losing the election to incumbent Mayor Vitali Klitschko who was re-elected in the first round of the election with 50.52% of the votes.
Prytula left Holos in June 2021, but emphasized that they did not leave politics. They claimed the party had "moved so far away from our initial principles."
In late September 2021, Prytula stated that they were working to create their own political party. In February 2022, Prytula and supporters stated to collect signatures for the establishment of their new political party, 24 August.
Fundraiser for the AFU
Since February 24, 2022, Prytula has been coordinating a volunteer supply center for the Ukrainian Ground Forces and civilian volunteers during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
As of April 2022, Prytula fundraised over ₴200 million to help the Armed Forces of Ukraine (AFU).
On June 22, 2022, Prytula started the fundraising campaign “People's Bayraktar” for 500 million UAH for 3 Bayraktar TB2 for the Ukrainian army, and crowdfunded 600 million UAH in just 3 days.
As of 15 July Prytula had raised for the AFU more than $34 million dollars.
18 of August, 2022 ICEYE signed a contract with the Serhiy Prytula Charity Foundation that would give the Armed Forces of Ukraine access to one of its satellites.
See also
Come Back Alive
United24
References
External links
Official page of Serhiy Prytula
Official Facebook page
Official YouTube channel
Charity Foundation Serhiy Prytula
Ukrainian male comedians
Ukrainian male television actors
Ukrainian television presenters
People from Zbarazh
1981 births
Living people
Ternopil National Economic University alumni
Voice (Ukrainian political party) politicians
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 3rd class
Ukrainian actor-politicians
Familia Zaragoza (English: Zaragoza Family) is a Philippine drama television series that aired on ABS-CBN from April 28, 1996 to March 21, 1997 replacing Mel & Jay. It was replaced by Compañero y Compañera.
Plot
The story of Familia Zaragoza, an intricate web of lies and deception surrounding the Zaragoza family is engineered by a woman who is insanely driven with ambition that they would resort to manipulation, treachery, and even murder to achieve their goals. With the death of Don Luis, the patriarch of the wealthy Zaragoza clan, the dark veil of secrecy is slowly lifted as the drama begins.
The widowed Doña Amparo Zaragoza does not waste time to know how much they and their children, Divina and Alfredo, have inherited. To them surprise, most of Don Luis Zaragoza's estate is awarded to a certain Benita who is believed to be the legal wife of the deceased. Doña Amparo insists that they are the only spouse the society and the entire Zaragoza clan has known and being confined in a mental institution for so long, Benita has never been a wife to the late Don. Even though the situation does not turn out the way they have expected, Doña Amparo is confident that they will win their case believing that someone who is mentally ill could not possibly mind about my inheritance. What they do not know is that Beatrice, Don Luis and Benita's daughter and only legitimate heir who was believed to be dead, is alive and well. Deprived of their father's love and support since birth, they will try to pursue the full inheritance of their father's wealth and leave their mistress and illegitimate children with nothing.
Divina and their mother share the same fate in a way that they both have fallen deeply in love with another woman's husband. When they met Lorenzo, they knew very well that they have a wife, Ester, and has three children with them They live in a shanty not very far away from the Zaragoza mansion. Divina had convinced Lorenzo to leave the country with them and start a new life in the United States. Lorenzo agreed, if only for the sake of their ailing wife and the future of their three children. Lorenzo worked hard to support their two families with their business in the States. But with Lorenzo's absence, Ester's children have learned to believe that their father abandoned them for a more comfortable life.
Unknown to both, the wealthy Divina and the lowly Ester share more than the love for the same man. Not far ahead looms a chartered fate that will boggle even one's wildest imagination.
Cast and characters
Main cast
Jaclyn Jose as Ester Lagrimas
Janice de Belen as Lupe Lagrimas
Gloria Romero as Doña Amparo Zaragoza
Supporting cast
Julio Diaz as Lorenzo Lagrimas
Rita Avila as Vivian Zaragoza
Jean Garcia as Beatrice Zaragoza
Zsa Zsa Padilla as Divina Zaragoza-Lagrimas
Lucita Soriano as Trining Lagrimas
Ricky Davao as Alfredo Zaragoza
Gina Pareño as Doña Benita Zaragoza
Elizabeth Oropesa as Bienvenida Perea
Tommy Abuel as Nicolas Fuentabella
Stefano Mori as Danilo Lagrimas
Princess Schuck as Lorena Lagrimas
Angelica Panganiban as Angelica Lagrimas
Paula Peralejo as Samantha Lagrimas
Carlo Aquino as Miguel Lagrimas
John Prats as Luigi Lagrimas
Joy Viado as Mitchie
John Estrada as Charlie
Emilio Garcia as Greg
Celia Rodriguez as Doña Elvira
Patrick Garcia
Lito Pimentel as Raul
Eula Valdez as Nimfa
Cherry Pie Picache as Elena
Guest cast
Claudine Barretto as Young Amparo Zaragoza
References
External links
ABS-CBN drama series
1996 Philippine television series debuts
1997 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
Television shows set in the Philippines
The labyrinthine artery (auditory artery, internal auditory artery) is a branch of either the anterior inferior cerebellar artery or the basilar artery. It accompanies the vestibulocochlear nerve (CN VIII) through the internal acoustic meatus. It supplies blood to the internal ear.
Structure
The labyrinthine artery is a branch of either the anterior inferior cerebellar artery (AICA) or the basilar artery. It accompanies the vestibulocochlear nerve (CN VIII) through the internal acoustic meatus. It divides into a cochlear branch and a labyrinthine (or anterior vestibular) branch.
Function
The labyrinthine artery supplies blood to the inner ear. It also supplies the vestibulocochlear nerve (CN VIII) along its length.
Clinical significance
The labyrinthine artery may become occluded. This can cause loss of hearing and balance on the affected side.
History
The labyrinthine artery may also be known as the internal auditory artery or the auditory artery.
See also
Internal auditory veins
References
External links
Arteries of the head and neck
Andy Clarke is a British comics artist who came to prominence working at 2000 AD and became known to a wider audience with their later work at DC Comics, notably the 2009 volume of R.E.B.E.L.S. and various Batman-related publications.
Biography
Andy Clarke started their career in the series Sinister Dexter in the anthology 2000 AD, becoming one of the main artists on the story between 1998 and 2004. While working there they would also work on some of the anthology's other flagship titles, like Judge Dredd and Nikolai Dante, and one-off stories like Thirteen and Snow/Tiger.
They started work for American company DC Comics in 2005 on a number of stories in titles like Aquaman and Detective Comics. In 2008 they have worked on the Two-Face issue of The Joker's Asylum written by David Hine and then, year later, became the main artist on the R.E.B.E.L.S. ongoing series with writer Tony Bedard who has said that Clarke is "the greatest artist I've worked with in a dog's age ... A lot of people are going to be floored when they see their stuff. He's so meticulous with the details and rendering. They remind me of Brian Bolland and Kevin Maguire and Frank Quitely all rolled into one." Although the writing of the series got a mixed reception Clarke's art was praised, with Comics Bulletin review of the first issue suggesting their "pencils take the detailed future grit of Barry Kitson's Legion of Superheroes and mix it with a heavy dose of Frank Quitely's work on All-Star Superman" and the one at Comic Book Resources picking up on similar themes, saying they were "providing a kind of Barry Kitson stillness combined with a Seth Fisher-esque attention to detail."
Following an arc on Batman Confidential with Peter Milligan, they were confirmed as the next artist for Batman and Robin after Cameron Stewart.
Bibliography
Interior comic work includes:
2000 AD (anthology, Fleetway/Rebellion):
Sinister Dexter (with Dan Abnett, in #1088-1089, 1099, 1126, 1189-1197, 1206-1211, Prog 2001, 1227-1228, 1231-1233, 1243-1245, 1348 and 1380-1385, 1998–2004)
All strips except #1243-1245, 1348 and 1380-1385 were re-released as parts of Sinister Dexter trade paperbacks by Rebellion (Volumes 3-5, 2005–2009).
All strips except #1126 were compiled in American format comic and released as Sinister Dexter #1-7 (IDW Publishing, 2013–2014).
Nikolai Dante (with Robbie Morrison, in #1113-1116 and 1139-1140, 1998–1999)
Pulp Sci-Fi: "Hot Rocks" (with Kek-W, in #1122, 1998)
Rose O'Rion (with Kek-W and Dylan Teague, in #1151-1158, 1999)
Judge Dredd (with John Wagner and Stephen Baskerville):
"War Games, Parts 4-5" (in #1156-1157, 1999)
"A Night with Judge Death" (in #1168, 1999)
Thirteen (with Mike Carey, in #1289-1299, 2002)
Snow/Tiger: "Pax Americana" (with Andy Diggle, in #1336-1342, 2004)
Tharg's Future Shocks: "The Mainstream" (with Colin Clayton and Chris Dows, in #1396-1397, 2004)
Judge Dredd Megazine (anthology, Fleetway/Rebellion):
Judge Dredd:
"Lobsang Rampage!" (with John Wagner, in vol. 3 #61, 2000)
"The Metro strips by Bishop" (with David Bishop, in #229-230, 232, 234 and 243, 2005–2006)
"The Metro strips by The Mighty One" (with Alan Grant, in #239-240 and 241, 2005–2006)
Inspector Shimura (with Robbie Morrison, in #224-226 and 228-230, 2004–2005)
Aquaman vol. 4 (DC Comics):
"Kiss of Death" (with Marc Guggenheim, in #30-31, 2005)
"All Fall Down" (inks on Leonard Kirk, written by John Arcudi, in #33-38, 2005–2006)
Detective Comics (DC Comics):
"Face the Face" (inks on Leonard Kirk, written by James Robinson, in vol. 1 #817-820, 2006)
"The Siege of Wayne Tower" (with Stuart Moore, in vol. 1 #829-830, 2007)
"Triage" (with Royal McGraw, in vol. 1 #832, 2007)
"Side Stories" (with John Layman, co-feature, in vol. 2 #13-17 and 19-23, 2012–2013)
Countdown to Final Crisis #34: "The Origin of Lex Luthor" (with Scott Beatty, co-feature, DC Comics, 2007)
Joker's Asylum: Two-Face: "Two-Face, Too!" (with David Hine, one-shot, DC Comics, 2008)
Batman Confidential #31-35: "The Bat and the Beast" (with Peter Milligan, DC Comics, 2009)
R.E.B.E.L.S. vol. 2 #1-3, 7-8, 10 (with Tony Bedard, DC Comics, 2009–2010)
Batman and Robin (DC Comics):
"Batman vs. Robin" (with Grant Morrison and Dustin Nguyen, in vol. 1 #10-12, 2010)
"Robin Hears a Hoo" (with Peter Tomasi and Lee Garbett, in vol. 2 #9, 2012)
Batman vol. 2 (DC Comics):
"Ghost in the Machine" (with Scott Snyder, James Tynion IV and Becky Cloonan, in #12, 2012)
"Tomorrow" (with James Tynion IV, co-feature, in #0, 2012)
"Time to Monkey Shine" (with Andy Kubert, in #23.1, 2013)
"People in the Dark" (with Scott Snyder and James Tynion IV, co-feature, in #25, 2013)
Batman Eternal #5, 18, 24 (with Scott Snyder, James Tynion IV, Ray Fawkes and Tim Seeley, DC Comics, 2014)
Death of Wolverine: The Logan Legacy #6: "Mystique" (with James Tynion IV, Marvel, 2015)
Replica #1-5 (with Paul Jenkins, Aftershock, 2015–2016)
Relay #0-3 (of 5) (with Zac Thompson, Aftershock, 2018)
Shock Volume 1: "Kerguelen" (script and art, anthology graphic novel, Aftershock, 2018)
Ghosts Giant: "The Ghost Inside" (with John Layman, anthology, DC Comics, 2019)
Covers only
2000 AD #1328, 1347, 1362, 1393, 1426 (Rebellion, 2003–2005)
Batgirl vol. 2 #1-6 (DC Comics, 2008–2009)
Batman: The Dark Knight #1-3, 5 (DC Comics, 2011)
Batman vol. 2 #11 (DC Comics, 2012)
Catwoman vol. 4 #13 (DC Comics, 2012)
Batman Incorporated vol. 2 #4 (DC Comics, 2012)
Detective Comics vol. 2 Annual #2 (DC Comics, 2013)
Talon #3 (DC Comics, 2013)
Wolverines #3-4 (Marvel, 2015)
Secret Wars: Age of Apocalypse #1 (Marvel, 2015)
Jimmy's Bastards #4-9 (Aftershock, 2017–2018)
A Walk Through Hell #1-5 (Aftershock, 2018)
Relay #4-5 (Aftershock, 2019)
You are Obsolete #1-5 (Aftershock, 2019–2020)
Notes
References
Andy Clarke at 2000 AD online
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
British comics artists
Saint-Louis (; ; ) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
The inhabitants are called Ludoviciens.
History
Following the conquest of the Sundgau and other parts of the Alsace by France in the course of the Thirty Years' War and the Peace of Westphalia, the French crown took a growing interest in the control and security of the land west of the Rhine at the Rhine knee below the territory of the Basle (which joined the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1501). In 1679, therefore, as part of a deliberation proclamation of their continued expansion policy on the Upper Rhine (which included the capture of Colmar in 1673, the defeat of imperial and Palatine troops at Türckheim, the plundering of the town in 1675, and the Treaties of Nijmegen in 1679), Louis XIV ordered the construction of Hüningen Fortress at this strategic point. The occupants of the place, the fishing village of Hüningen, had to leave to make way for this military fortification, the construction of which was carried out by fortress architect, Vauban in 1680. The villagers were rehoused in the newly founded Village-Neuf and on the road from Basle to Paris via Mulhouse, where the first element of the present day village of Saint-Louis was established on the state border. This settlement, consisting of several border guards and taverns was initially part of the municipality of Hüningen's "new village". On 26 November 1684 — around 3 years after the high point of France's policy of annexation or — the capture of Strasbourg - the town was officially named by Louis XIV. Its patron is not actually the Sun King himself, but their predecessor, the canonized King Louis IX or Saint Louis.
In the course of the French Revolution the town was renamed from 1793 to 1814 as Bourglibre ().
In 1953 the municipality of Bourgfelden was incorporated and was followed in 1958 by the village of Neuweg () from Blotzheim. Since then most of the land of Basel-Mulhouse Airport has been on the soil of the town of Saint-Louis.
On 30 October 2000 the community association of was formed in Saint-Louis where it also has its head office. The association was turned into an agglomeration community in 2016.
Geography
Saint-Louis is located at the German and Swiss borders, just north of Basel. The EuroAirport Basel Mulhouse Freiburg is situated on its territory. The town is served by two railway stations on the line Mulhouse–Basel: Saint-Louis station and Saint-Louis-la-Chaussée station.
The commune of Saint-Louis also contains the former villages of Bourgfelden and Neuweg (also known as Saint-Louis-la-Chaussée, or Näiwaag in Sundgau Alsatian).
Population
Economy
Swiss International Air Lines is headquartered on the grounds of EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg in Saint-Louis; while the airport is physically in France, the Swiss head office lies in the Swiss zone of the airport, and it may only be accessed from Switzerland. Hello, a Swiss airline, had its head office in the General Aviation area of EuroAirport.
Prior to the formation of Swiss International Air Lines, the regional airline Crossair was headquartered on the grounds of EuroAirport. Prior to its dissolution, Crossair Europe was headquartered on the grounds of EuroAirport. The airline Farnair Switzerland formerly had its head office at EuroAirport. As in the case of the Swiss head office, the area with the former Farnair head office may only be accessed from Switzerland. The head office moved to its current location, the Villa Guggenheim in Allschwil, in proximity to EuroAirport, on 1 October 2011.
Education
Maternelles (preschools) include Louis Armand, Baerenfels, Octavie Krafft, Nussbaum, Petite Camargue, Jules Verne, and Wallart. There are two Écoles élémentaires, École de Bourgfelden and École Galilée. Combined maternelle and primaire groupes scolaires are La Cigogne / Victor Hugo and Widemann / Sarasin.
Collège Georges Forlen and Collège Schickele are the junior high schools.
Lycée Jean-Mermoz serves sixth form/senior high school students.
Climate
Saint-Louis features a temperate oceanic climate (Köppen: Cfb) but its location further away from the ocean gives the city colder winters with some snow, and often hot and humid summers, in comparison with the rest of France.
See also
Communes of the Haut-Rhin department
References
External links
www.saint-louis.fr — official site
Communes of Haut-Rhin
France–Switzerland border crossings
The Uncle Sam billboard is a large, privately owned billboard in Washington State which displays messages of political commentary. The billboard is located directly adjacent to the northbound lanes of Interstate 5 in Napavine, Washington, around 8 miles south of Chehalis, in Lewis County. The sign has been used to display the right-wing political opinions of its owners for over 50 years and is considered a local landmark.
Description and history
The two-sided billboard, which depicts a large painting of Uncle Sam on both sides, is located beside the northbound lanes of Interstate 5 (I-5), near Exit 72, just outside of Chehalis. Alfred Hamilton began posting messages after I-5 was constructed across their turkey farm in the early 1960s to promote their "archconservative views in big block letters" . The first message they and their wife, Ruth, posted was based on their anger towards the government for funding welfare programs. Hamilton further resented the government for interfering with their ability to lease billboard space following Lady Bird Johnson's Highway Beautification Act. The New York Times described Hamilton as a "cranky crusader" who "loved a fight" and a "stubborn man, a turkey farmer with a big belly full of opinions". According to the paper, "Mr. Hamilton minced no words in attacking virtually everything and everyone that irritated him: gun control, the government and gays, Russians and radicals, Kissinger and Kerry." One of their friends recalled Hamilton's belief that "all Democrats were 'damn fools'", saying: "In many instances – and we were pretty close – I warned people not to get into discussions of religion and politics with him. They were so set in their ways that it was unusual." After Alfred Hamilton died in November 2004 at age 84, their family (who did not necessarily share all of their views) was initially uncertain if they would continue with the billboard's conservative content and upkeep; Hamilton's grandson has been posting new messages periodically ever since. I-5 motorists have been called a "captive audience", as congestion often causes traffic jams between Seattle and Portland, Oregon, both generally considered politically liberal. In 2003, an average of 50,000 motorists drove the 170 mile stretch between the two cities daily, including northbound and southbound.
Over the years, the billboard has occasionally been moved or modified due to conflicts with the state and federal government. In 1995, The Seattle Times reported that Hamilton had sold theirs of land between Centralia and Chehalis, and that the sign and other buildings on the land would be removed. The land had been in the Hamilton family since 1945. They and their wife moved to Alaska but continued to own nearby land. In the year leading up to the sale, billboard messages were changed once a month; before then, they were changed weekly. The billboard was moved to its current site just inside the Napavine city limits, south of Chehalis, in 1996.
Hamilton once stated: "I'm not trying to convert anyone to my way of thinking. But I want to make people think." After Hamilton's death in 2004, their son said, "I know the billboard had a lot of repercussions politically, from the state and the feds on down, because they voiced their opinions and sometimes they stepped on toes."
Messages
The Billboards' conservative messages have targeted myriad subjects, including abortion, big government, and homosexuality. Some messages which have appeared on the sign include:
"Be thankful you live in America" (1974)
"Bill Caruth tells why you must stick to your guns" (1978), referring to opposition of gun control
"Hasn't Gregoire cost taxpayers plenty of $ $ in boo-boos?"
"Let's keep the Canal and give them Kissinger" (1970s)
"My body My choice No forced vaccinations!" (2021)
The Kissinger message was Hamilton's favorite. The Gregoire message marked their last before their death in November, 2004.
Reception
The billboard has elicited considerable controversy and over the years several attempts have been made by various individuals and groups to have it legally removed. Hamilton once said that feedback to the sign had been "95 percent positive". However, in 1985, Hamilton told The Oregonian that they had received threats over the sign. The billboard has been vandalized on numerous occasions and The Seattle Times reported that attempts had been made to burn it down, most recently in June, 2020. The New York Times called the billboard "a kind of grouchy chronicle of one man's one-sided take on things." Following Hamilton's death, one editorial contributor for the Seattle Post-Intelligencer wrote, "We thought the billboards cranky, but worth looking at. That billboard is what makes America better because it celebrates a founding principle of our nation, the First Amendment. We completely disagree with Hamilton's view of the world, but praise their discourse." The editorial began with the phrase "Uncle Sam is no more", but ended with, "Forget what we said above. 'Uncle Sam lives.'"
References
External links
Chehalis, Washington: Right-Wing Uncle Sam Billboard at RoadsideAmerica.com
Seattle to Portland: The "Uncle Sam" Billboard at Seattlest (2008)
1960s establishments in Washington (state)
Billboards
Chehalis, Washington
Conservative media in the United States
Interstate 5
Jiří Plišek (born 21 August 1972) is a Czech professional football manager and former player.
Plíšek joined Czech First League side Hradec Králové as manager in the summer of 2012, replacing the outgoing Václav Kotal. They remained in their position until April 2013, when they were sacked.
They have managed both Željezničar from June to October 2004 and Sarajevo from July until December 2011.
References
1972 births
Living people
People from Aš
Czech footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Czech football managers
Czech expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina managers
Czech First League managers
FK Željezničar Sarajevo managers
FK Ústí nad Labem managers
1. FC Slovácko managers
FK Teplice managers
FK Sarajevo managers
FC Hradec Králové managers
Sportspeople from the Karlovy Vary Region
Czech National Football League managers
Nikola Kalabić (; 20 December 1906 – 19 January 1946) was a Serbian Chetnik commander during World War II.
Early life
They were born to father Milan and mother Joka in Podnovlje (municipality of Doboj) in present-day Republika Srpska. They had a sister named Angelina (1912–1999).
Nikola's father separated from Joka after World War I and proceeded to get married three times. Nikola lived with their father at first so they attended school in places where their father served with the Serbian army. They eventually finished six grades of gymnasium before becoming a student of geodesy in Belgrade. During their studies, they met Borka (a year younger than him) who was born in Rajkovići near Valjevo in present-day Serbia into a family of old supporters of the People's Radical Party and Nikola Pašić. Borka and Nikola married in 1929 and on 3 August 1930 they had twins Mirjana and Milan. Their first service was in Belgrade. They then moved to Aranđelovac and finally back to Valjevo (where there are Kalabićs today). Nikola Kalabić (until the start of World War II) worked in Land-registry management in Valjevo.
World War II
During World War II, Nikola Kalabić was commander of Draža Mihailović's elite formation named Mountain Guard Corps (). On 26 November 1943, together with the General Inspector of Chetnik Troops Colonel Simić, they concluded a formal collaboration agreement () with the representative of the German Military Commander in Southeast Europe, General der Infanterie (Lieutenant General) Hans Felber.
Capture and alleged collaboration with the OZNA
Near the very end of the war, Kalabić and many other Chetniks tried to hide in rural areas of the country, awaiting an attempt to overthrow the new government. The OZNA had a plan to capture former members of the Chetnik movement and other military organizations outside of Yugoslavia. There, OZNA agents infiltrated the support network of Kalabić and arrested them in a covert operation on 5 December 1945.
After a few days, Kalabić agreed to collaborate with the OZNA in their efforts of locating and arresting Draža Mihailović, in return for immunity from prosecution. This claim however has been brought into question by family members of Kalabić claiming that they did not betray Mihailović. Kalabić was then executed by Yugoslav Partisans although this claim has also been questioned.
Rehabilitation attempts
Kalabić was rehabilitated by the High Court in Valjevo in May 2017. This decision however was overturned by an appellate court in Belgrade in May 2018. On 7 August 2022, they were officially rehabilitated by the High Court in Valjevo.
References
Sources
1906 births
1946 deaths
People from Doboj
Military personnel from Valjevo
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
People from the Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Recipients of the Order of the Yugoslav Crown
Geodesists
Royal Yugoslav Army personnel of World War II
Chetnik personnel of World War II
Serbian people of World War II
Serbian collaborators with Nazi Germany
Serbian anti-communists
Executed Serbian people
Executed Yugoslav collaborators with Nazi Germany
People executed by Yugoslavia
Kazimierz Pawełek (21 February 1936 in Bochnia – 3 December 2017) was a Polish journalist and politician.
Pawełek was a student at the Warsaw School of Economics studying foreign affairs when they began writing for the magazines Szpilki, Echo Krakowa, and Sport. Upon graduation, they joined the staff of Dziennik Polski, and moved to Lublin in 1960. In the 1970s, Pawełek became the editor of Głos Budowlanych. Later they served as literary director for the cabarets Desant and Korkociąg, and also wrote adaptations of Czart and Pod Egidą. From 1983 to 2001, Pawełek worked for the Kurier Lubelski. Over the course of their career, Pawełek was awarded the Silver Cross of Merit and named a knight of the Order of Polonia Restituta. From 2001 to 2005, Pawełek served in the Senate, representing the Democratic Left Alliance – Labour Union electoral coalition.
References
1936 births
2017 deaths
Polish journalists
SGH Warsaw School of Economics alumni
Democratic Left Alliance politicians
Members of the Senate of Poland 2001–2005
Recipients of the Silver Cross of Merit (Poland)
Knights of the Order of Polonia Restituta
People from Bochnia
"Rumors" is a song by American actor and singer Lindsay Lohan from their debut studio album Speak (2004). Originally titled "Just What It Is", the song was written and produced by Cory Rooney, while additional writing was done by Lohan, Taryll Jackson and T. J. Jackson. It was released as Lohan's debut single and lead single from Speak on September 27, 2004, by Casablanca Records. The song's lyrics allude to the constant paparazzi and media backlash regarding Lohan. Music critics reviews were mixed; with statements like "infectious" or "unnecessary".
"Rumors" achieved moderate commercial success worldwide, reaching top 30 positions in Australia, Austria, Germany and Switzerland. In the United States, the single peaked at number six on the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, but was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipping over 500,000 units.
The accompanying music video for "Rumors" was directed by British director Jake Nava and featured Lohan attending a nightclub, playing around with the paparazzi. The video was nominated for Best Pop Video at the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards and reached the top position on MTV's Total Request Live. In 2014, Billboard ranked the song in its "Top 50 Forgotten Gems from the Now! series", which list songs from the series that were underrated at the time of their release.
Background and composition
"Rumors" was originally titled "Just What It Is". The song was written by Cory Rooney, Lohan, Taryll Jackson and T. J. Jackson. It was also produced by Rooney, who provided keyboards and background vocals. Peter Wade Keusch assisted the production, and was responsible along with Chris Avedon for Lohan's vocal recording, which occurred at the Poolhouse West and The Village in Los Angeles. Audio mixing was done by Keusch at Sony Music Studios in New York City. Christopher J. Warner provided the guitar present in the song's composition. "Rumors" is in the style of R&B. Lyrically, the song was written as a response to the paparazzi and media's backlash, both which are addressed in the chorus lines, where Lohan sings, "I'm tired of rumors starting/ I'm sick of being followed/ I'm tired of people lying/ Saying what they want about me/ Why can't they back up off me?/ Why can't they let me live?/ I'm going to do it my way/ Take this for just what it is." Spence D. of IGN noted that Lohan's vocals are "driven by snarls, breathy croons, and emotionally restrained angst", while John Murphy of musicOMH considered it "a feisty dance anthem with intelligent lyrics attacking the paparazzi and press in general".
Critical reception
"Rumors" received generally mixed reviews from music critics, however, it has become one of Lohan's most recognized songs and has now been labeled as "cult pop treasure". Charles Merwin of Stylus Magazine thought that "Rumors" was not a good choice for a single, stating, "in fact, for a girl, that has been tagged as America's next sweetheart by some media outlets, it might be the worst choice of subject matter for the opening statement from a girl that automatically has more to prove to audiences because of their stature as an actor. Unfortunately, 'Rumors' is about as good as it gets." Erik Missio of ChartAttack thought that the song "presented potential for a semi-palatable debut effort", but further added that it is a "crap of a spectularly unspectacular level." Entertainment Weekly contributor Nicholas Fonseca, however, considered "Rumors" a guilty pleasure, while Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic selected the song a Track Pick in the review of Speak. IGN's Spence D. described it as "pervasively infectious, the kind of track that will no doubt keep the dance floors sweaty and steamy for a few months to come." John Murphy of musicOMH praised "Rumors" as a departure from Speaks soft rock genre.
Chart performance
"Rumors" achieved moderate commercial success worldwide. In the United States, the single peaked at number six on Billboards Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart and reached number 23 on the Mainstream Top 40 component chart. However, it was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in February 2005. In Australia, "Rumors" debuted at number 19 on the ARIA charts, peaking at number 10 six weeks later, while being certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). The single also attained top 30 positions in Austria and Switzerland, and reached the top 40 in the Netherlands and Sweden. In Germany, "Rumors" debuted and peaked at number 14.
Music video
Casablanca Records commissioned a music video to be directed by British director Jake Nava, who previously worked in the same year with Britney Spears on their music video for "My Prerogative", between September 11 and the early hours of September 13, 2004. The music video for "Rumors" premiered on October 14, 2004, and October 20, 2004, through Disney Channel and MTV.
Synopsis
In the beginning of the video, Lohan is followed by paparazzi as they are entering their car. It is revealed that this is a Lindsay-look-alike and that the real Lindsay is entering another car to go to a club. The car comes to a stop, and they then steps into an elevator and sings the first verse of the song, while they are filmed by a CCTV camera in the elevator. The next sequence shows them running through a hallway, dressed up, before getting into the club. There, they dance in the crowd, where they take a picture of one of the paparazzi themselves to get back at him. In the next sequence, they are walking slowly through the club where they find the man ((Erik Fellows)) who seems to be their boyfriend. They take a seat next to their lover and they begin kissing and touching each other, all the while being constantly filmed by cameras in the club. While Lohan sings the second chorus, they are trapped in a cage in the middle of the club and the whole crowd is watching them After this, Lohan is shown dancing in the club with their friends. At the end of the music video, Lohan and their friends enter the top of a high-rise and perform a dance routine while helicopters are circling around them. Finally, Lohan gets into a helicopter and escapes. In the end, they throw their camera away with all the pictures taken of them
Reception
The music video for "Rumors" received very positive reviews from critics and viewers which eventually led to the video reaching the top position on the countdown of Total Request Live on the week of October 27, 2004, and was nominated on the category Best Pop Video during the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards.
Live performances
Lohan performed "Rumors" on Good Morning America in December 2004. According to a MTV News staff report, "Lohan missed the cue to mouth along, forcing cameras to cut away when their mouth remained closed as they were heard singing, thanks to a backing track." A representative for Lohan, however, revealed that Lohan actually sang it live, and noted that Lohan only used a background track "to help make the song sound like it does on their album." On December 31, 2004, Lohan performed "Rumors" at MTV's Iced Out New Year's Eve 2005.
Legacy
Despite having only achieved moderate commercial success, "Rumors" has since become Lohan's most recognized song of their career and has received significant attention in the years following its release. In 2020, Billboard ranked the song as Lohan's best song of their career, noting that the defiant lyric, “I'm gonna do it my way / Take this for just what it is,” would "ultimately turn into Lohan's mantra for years to come". "Rumors" was also used during the opening of the 2020 Balmain Spring Fashion Show, in which Paper magazine noted that the song was finally getting recognition. In January 2021, the song received significant social media attention after being used on the season 13 premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race in a lip sync for your life between contestants Gottmik and Utica Queen, resulting in Lohan's name becoming a trending topic on Twitter.
Track listing and formats
CD single
"Rumors" – 3:16
"Rumors" (Full Phatt Remix) – 3:25
CD maxi-single
"Rumors" – 3:16
"Rumors" (Full Phatt Remix) – 3:25
"Rumors" (Full Phatt Club Mix) – 3:49
"Rumors" (video) – 3:25
Digital EP
"Rumors" – 3:16
"Rumors" (Full Phatt Remix) – 3:25
"Rumors" (Full Phatt Club Mix) – 3:50
Credits and personnel
Recording
Recorded at Poolhouse West and The Village at Los Angeles, California.
Mixed at Sony Music Studios in New York City, New York.
Personnel
Songwriting: Cory Rooney, Lindsay Lohan, Taryll Jackson, T. J. Jackson
Production: Cory Rooney, Peter Wade Keusch
Recording: Peter Wade Keusch, Chris Avedon
Mixing: Peter Wade Keusch
Keyboards: Cory Rooney
Guitar: Christopher J. Warner
Background vocals: Lindsay Lohan, Cory Rooney
Love Interest: Erik Fellows
Credits are taken from Speak liner notes.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2004 debut singles
Lindsay Lohan songs
Music videos directed by Jake Nava
Songs written by Cory Rooney
Songs written by Lindsay Lohan
Song recordings produced by Cory Rooney
2004 songs
Songs about the media
Song recordings produced by Peter Wade Keusch
Willoughby may refer to:
Places
Antigua
Willoughby Bay (Antigua), on the southeast coast of Antigua
Australia
Willoughby, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney
Willoughby Girls High School
City of Willoughby, a local government area of New South Wales
Electoral district of Willoughby, New South Wales
Parish of Willoughby, Cumberland, New South Wales
Willoughby, South Australia, a locality on Kangaroo Island
Cape Willoughby, a headland in South Australia
Canada
Willoughby, Langley, British Columbia, a community within the Township of Langley
Willoughby Township, Ontario
United Kingdom
Willoughby, Lincolnshire, a village
Willoughby railway station
Willoughby on the Wolds, Nottinghamshire
Willoughby, Warwickshire, a village and civil parish
Willoughby Waterleys, Leicestershire
United States
Willoughby, Ohio, a city and a suburb of Cleveland
Willoughby, Albemarle County, Virginia, an unincorporated community
Willoughby Park, Friendship Heights, Washington, D.C.
Willoughby Run, a waterway in Adams County, Pennsylvania
Willoughby Spit, a peninsula in Norfolk, Virginia
Willoughby State Forest, Vermont
Lake Willoughby, Westmore, Vermont
Elsewhere
Willoughby's Land, elusive islands thought to be north of the Barents Sea
Hydronyms
Willoughby River, Vermont, United States
People
Willoughby (surname), a list
Willoughby (given name), a list
Fiction
Willoughby (Looney Tunes), an animated character from Looney Tunes
Inspector Willoughby, an animated character from The Woody Woodpecker Show
John Willoughby, one of the main characters in Jane Austen's novel Sense and Sensibility
The title character of the short-lived 1999 British sitcom Dr Willoughby
Willoughby, Texas, a fictional town featured in Revolution (TV series)
"A Stop at Willoughby", an episode from the first season of The Twilight Zone, which features a town called Willoughby
A character in the novel Evelina by Fanny Burney
A character in Celestina (novel) by Charlotte Smith
The Willoughbys, a 2020 comedy film
English/British titles
Baron Willoughby de Broke, a barony by writ in the peerage of England since 1491
Baron Willoughby de Eresby, a barony by writ in the peerage of England, dating to 1313
Baron Willoughby of Parham, a title in the peerage of England from 1547 until 1779
Willoughby baronets, four titles
Other uses
, the name of more than one United States Navy ship
Willoughby Delta 8, a twin-engined aerodynamic test bed for a proposed flying wing airliner
See also
Willoughby East, New South Wales, Australia, a suburb of Sydney
Willoughby on the Wolds, Nottinghamshire, England
Willoughby Waterleys, Leicestershire, England
Willoughby Hills, Ohio, U.S.
In Dubious Battle is a 2016 drama film directed and produced by James Franco, loosely based on John Steinbeck's 1936 novel of the same name, with a screenplay by Matt Rager. The film features an ensemble cast, consisting of Franco, Nat Wolff, Josh Hutcherson, Vincent D'Onofrio, Robert Duvall, Selena Gomez, Keegan Allen and Ed Harris. The film had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 3, 2016.
Plot
In Dubious Battle is the story of the working class during the Great Depression, striking against an increasingly cruel establishment in ways that would lead to the formation of workers' rights, including a minimum wage. Two men form a union of workers after their wages are cut from $3 a day to $1 a day."
Cast
James Franco as Mac McLeod
Nat Wolff as Jim Nolan
Josh Hutcherson as Vinnie
Vincent D'Onofrio as London
Robert Duvall as Chris Bolton
Selena Gomez as Lisa London
Keegan Allen as Keller
Ed Harris as Joy
Bryan Cranston as Sheriff
Sam Shepard as Mr. Anderson
Zach Braff as Connor
Ahna O'Reilly as Edith "Edie" Malone
Analeigh Tipton as Vera
Scott Haze as Frank
Alex Morf as Burke
Danny McBride as Tramp
Jacob Loeb as Paul
Ashley Greene as Danni Stevens
Austin Stowell as Eddie
Joel Marsh Garland as Al Anderson
Jack Kehler as Dr. Burton
John Savage as Dan
Production
Casting
On January 30, 2015, it was announced that James Franco would not only direct the film but star in it too. Also cast was Vincent D'Onofrio, Robert Duvall, Ed Harris, Bryan Cranston, Selena Gomez, and Danny McBride has joined the production.
On March 16, 2015, Nat Wolff was cast in the lead role of Jim Nolan, the organizer of the strike by apple pickers in California. In the next two days, Josh Hutcherson, Zach Braff, Analeigh Tipton, John Savage, Ashley Greene, and Ahna O'Reilly would join the current film production. Several days later on March 24, 2015, it was announced that Scott Haze has been cast as Frank.
Filming
Principal photography began on March 19, 2015 in Atlanta including Southeastern Railway Museum in Duluth, Georgia, filming also took place in Bostwick, Georgia, and Cowiche, Washington. Production on the film ended in September 2015.
Music
The concluding credits are accompanied by a 78 rpm recording of Pete Seeger's classic union song, "Which Side Are You On?.
Release
In Dubious Battle had its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival on September 3, 2016. The film was released in theaters in the United States on February 17, 2017.
Marketing
A full trailer was released on January 28, 2017.
Reception
Critical response
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a 30% approval rating, based on reviews from 23 critics, with an average score of 5.1/10.
The film gained mixed reviews at its world premiere, with Owen Gleiberman of Variety noting that Franco "has acquired skills that are beginning to fuse with the best of their instincts." Gleiberman also says that "In Dubious Battle isn't a totally clear-cut good movie, but it's a scrupulous and watchable one. And it makes me think, for the first time, that James Franco has a good movie in him."
Boyd van Hoeij of The Hollywood Reporter simply called the film and Franco as "uneven" but also states that "if In Dubious Battle remains watchable, it's because Wolff really sells their character's doubts, growth and sobering reality checks".
References
External links
2016 films
2016 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Films based on works by John Steinbeck
Films set in 1933
Films shot in Georgia (U.S. state)
Films shot in Washington (state)
Films set in California
Films based on American novels
Films directed by James Franco
Films about the labor movement
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Till We Have Faces is the eighth solo album by guitarist Steve Hackett. The album is rock, with elements of world music. The majority of the album was recorded in Brazil, while the final mixing was done in London. The name of the album comes from a novel by C.S.Lewis, whose work is a long-time influence on Hackett.
As with most of Steve Hackett's records, the sleeve painting was created by their wife at the time, Kim Poor, the Brazilian artist, under the title Silent Sorrow in Empty Boats, after an instrumental piece by Hackett's former group Genesis, on the album The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway.
"A Doll That's Made in Japan" was released as a single. The 7” featured an instrumental version of the song on the B-side. The 12" featured a longer version of the A-side and an exclusive track, "Just the Bones". Apart from the 7” A-side, none of the tracks appeared on the album or its 1994 re-issue.
Track listing (original LP/CD version)
"Duel" (Steve Hackett) – 4:50
"Matilda Smith-Williams Home for the Aged" (Hackett, Nick Magnus) – 8:04
"Let Me Count the Ways" (Hackett) – 6:06
"A Doll That's Made in Japan" (Hackett) – 3:57
"Myopia" (Hackett, Magnus) – 2:56
"What's My Name" (Hackett, Magnus) – 7:05
"The Rio Connection" (Hackett) – 3:24
"Taking the Easy Way Out" (Hackett) – 3:49
"When You Wish upon a Star" (Ned Washington, Leigh Harline) – 0:51
Track listing (1994 CD reissue)
"What's My Name" – 7:06
"The Rio Connection" – 3:21
"Matilda Smith-Williams Home for the Aged" (modified version) – 8:07
"Let Me Count the Ways" – 6:06
"A Doll That's Made in Japan" – 3:57
"Duel" – 4:48
"Myopia" – 2:56
"Taking the Easy Way Out" – 3:50
"The Gulf" – 6:33
"Stadiums of the Damned" – 4:37
"When You Wish Upon a Star" – 0:48
Note: Bonus tracks "The Gulf" and "Stadiums of the Damned" were from the (then) unreleased Feedback 86. The version of "The Gulf" heard here is missing a brief intro, is faded out early, and has added backing vocals.
Personnel
Steve Hackett – guitars, guitar synth, koto, rainstick, Etruscan guitar, marimba, percussion, harmonica, vocals
Nick Magnus – keyboards, percussion, drum programming
Rui Mota – drums
Sérgio Lima – drums
Ian Mosley – drums, percussion
Waldemar Falcão – flute, percussion
Fernando Moura – Rhodes piano
Ronaldo Diamante – bass
Clive Stevens – wind synthesizer
Kim Poor – Japanese voice on "Doll"
The Brazilian Percussionists – Sidinho Moreira, Junior Homrich, Jaburu, Peninha, Zizinho, Baca
References
See also
Till We Have Faces – A novel by C.S. Lewis
1984 albums
Steve Hackett albums
Music based on novels
Félicien Champsaur (1858–1934) was a French novelist and journalist.
Champsaur was born at Turriers, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. Their first novel was the roman à clef Dinah Samuel (1882), said to present portraits of poet Arthur Rimbaud and actor Sarah Bernhardt. They went on to publish many novels, collections of articles, and other works, including Miss America (1885), Entrée de clowns (1886), Parisiennes (1887), Les Bohémiens (1887), Lulu (1888), L'Amant des danseuses (1888), La Gomme (1889), and Poupée Japonaise (1912), Nora, la guenon devenue femme (1929), a parody loosely based on the career of American dancer Josephine Baker. They died in Paris.
Works
Dinah Samuel, Ollendorff, 1882, roman à clef ; réédition Séguier, « Bibliothèque Décadente », 1999
Miss América, Ollendorff, 1885, roman.
Entrée de clowns, Lévy, 1886, recueil de nouvelles.
Parisiennes, Lemerre, 1887, recueil de poèmes.
Les Bohémiens, Dentu, 1887, Ballet lyrique en 4 actes et 9 tableaux, illustré par Jules Chéret.
Lulu, Dentu, 1888, pantomime en un acte illustrée par Chéret, Gerbault, Morin.
L'Amant des danseuses, Dentu, 1888, roman, illustré par Jaquelux.
Les Éreintés de la vie, Dentu, 1888, pantomime en un acte illustrée par Gerbault.
La Gomme, Dentu, 1889, Pièces en trois actes illustrée par Chéret, Caran d'Ache, Gerbault.
Le Mandarin, Ollendorff, 1895-1896, trilogie romanesque (I : Marquisette - II : Un maître - III : L'Épouvante)
Régina Sandri, Ollendorff, 1898, roman.
La Faute des roses, Fasquelle, 1899, roman.
Nuit de fête, Offenstadt Frères, S.d., roman.
Poupée japonaise, Fasquelle, 1900, roman.
Lulu, Fasquelle, 1900, roman clownesque illustré par (entre autres) Bac, Bourdelle, Bottini, Cappiello, Chalon, Chéret, Gerbault, Rops, Van Beers, Willette...
Le semeur d'amour, Fasquelle, 1902, roman Hindou.
L'Orgie latine, Fasquelle, 1903, roman antique illustré par Auguste Leroux; réédité en février 2013 chez Le Vampire Actif.
L'Ingénue, Douville, 1905, roman illustré par Maurice de Lambert.
La Caravane en folie, Fasquelle, 1912, roman « colonial »
Le Bandeau, Renaissance du livre, 1916, roman illustré par Raphael Kirchner.
Les Ailes de l'homme, Renaissance du livre, 1917.
Ouha roi des singes, Fasquelle, 1922, roman
Homo Deus, Ferenczi, 1923, roman.
Tuer les vieux. Jouir !, Ferenczi, 1925, roman « vache ».
Le Bandeau d'Éros, Ferenczi, 1925, roman, illustré par Jaquelux.
Le Chemin du désir, Ferenczi, 1926, premier volet d'une trilogie romanesque.
Le combat des sexes, Ferenczi, 1927, second volet de la même trilogie.
Les ordures ménagères, Ferenczi, 1927, dernier volet.
Jeunesse, Ferenczi, 1927, illustré par Léonnec.
Le Jazz des masques, Ferenczi, 1928, roman.
La Pharaonne, Ferenczi, 1929, roman, illustré par Jaquelux.
Nora, la guenon devenue femme, Ferenczi, 1929, illustré par Endré, Jaquelux et Naillod.
Le Crucifié, Ferenczi, 1930, roman biblique.
L'empereur des Pauvres, épopée spéciale en 6 volumes (1.Le Pauvre 2.Les Millions 3.Les Flambeaux 4.Les Crassiers 5.L'orage 6. Floreal)
Bibliography in EnglishThe Human Arrow (2011) (Les Ailes de l'Homme, 1917; rev. 1927) translated by Brian Stableford Ouha, King of the Apes (2012) (Ouha, Roi des Singes, 1923) translated by Brian Stableford Pharaoh's Wife (2013) (La Pharaonne, 1929) translated by Brian Stableford The Latin Orgy (2017) (L'Orgie Latine'', 1903) translated by Brian Stableford ()
References
External links
1858 births
1934 deaths
People from Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
French journalists
19th-century French novelists
20th-century French novelists
20th-century French male writers
French male novelists
19th-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
Eva Steininger-Bludau (21 July 1951 – 9 June 2022) was a German politician.
A member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, they served in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2010 to 2017.
Steininger-Bludau died on 9 June 2022 at the age of 70.
References
1951 births
2022 deaths
21st-century German women politicians
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia
People from Castrop-Rauxel
The Tenth Annual Sebring International Grand Prix of Endurance for the Amoco Trophy took place on 26 March 1960, on the Sebring International Raceway, (Florida, United States). It was the second round of the F.I.A. World Sports Car Championship. This was also the second round of the F.I.A. GT Cup.
Report
Entry
A massive total of 89 racing cars were registered for this event, of which 72 arrived for practice. Only these, 65 qualified for, and started the race. There was controversy surrounding the entry. The event promoter, Alec Ulmann had signed a deal with Amoco whereby they would be the fuel suppliers for the race. This prohibited any entrant from using any other brand of fuel.
This resulted in the works Ferrari and Porsche teams boycotting the event, as they had their own exclusive fuel arrangements with Shell Oil and British Petroleum (BP) respectively. However, these teams would still be represented in Florida. For Ferrari, their sent cars to Luigi Chinetti, who entered the cars under the North American Racing Team (NART) banner and thereby as a private entry and not bound by any agreement between Scuderia Ferrari and Shell. As for Porsche, they ‘leased' two of their new RS 60 Spyders to the works driver, Jo Bonnier. Together with a number of Porsche drivers and mechanics who just happened to be holidaying in Florida at that time, volunteered they service to Bonnier for the event.
There was also controversy when the F.I.A. made last minute rules changes concerning the luggage compartments and windscreens on the Grand Touring (GT) cars. The FIA ruled that these cars should be racing closer the factory specifications than some actually where. This caused some problems for the smaller cars like the Oscas.
Qualifying
As was the normal for Sebring and because they were no qualifying sessions to set the grid, the starting positions were decided according to engine size with the 5.0 litre Chevrolet Corvette C1 of Briggs Cunningham and John Fitch being given first place.
Race
Most of the 50,000 spectators expected Stirling Moss to win the race in their ”Birdcage” Maserati Tipo 61, provided the car lasted the distance. Of the 65 cars that qualified, many looked strange due to the hasty modifications placed on them with the new F.I.A. regulations.
Moss had a bad start due to their Maserati having problems starting and pulled away in 23rd place, but by the second lap, the Englishman was up the second behind the early leader, the Ferrari of Pete Lovely. They would pass Lovely on the next lap.
On lap five, a tragic accident occurred at the hairpin. The Lotus Elite being driven by Jim Hughes suffered a brake failure and headed for the escape road, only to found a photographer standing here, complete with tripod. Hughes tried to avoid him, but rolled their little Lotus, striking the photographer and killing them both.
At the end of the first hour, Moss, partnered by Dan Gurney were leading from another Birdcage T61 of Walt Hansgen and Ed Crawford. The first of the NART Ferraris was in third, driven by Richie Ginther and Chuck Daigh. By the start of the ‘lunch' hour, the Ferrari had moved into second.
On lap 84, the Porsche of Graham Hill parked up with a rod through the engine block, while around the same time, the Ginther/Daigh Ferrari pitted with steam pouring from under the bonnet. Shortly after, the T61 of Crawford ran wide at the hairpin and got struck in the sandbank. Crawford proceeded to dig their car free using their hands, taking almost two hours to do so. Despite their problems, the Ginther/Daigh Ferarri was still in second at the halfway point, albeit lapping 3 mph slower than Moss/Gurney. Now in third was the little Porsche of Hans Herrmann and Olivier Gendebien.
After completing 123 laps, the Ginther/Daigh Ferrari was withdrawn as it was leaking water and oil. Just 13 laps later, and the leaders were also out, retiring with transmission failure. With 3½ hours to run, the Herrmann/Gendebien Porsche found itself firmly in the lead with another Porsche in second, being piloted by Bob Holbert and Roy Schechter.
After 12 hours of racing, the Bonnier entered Porsche of Herrmann and Gendebien, won ahead of the similar Brumos Porsche of Holbert and Schechter. Car number 42, took an impressive victory, completing 196 laps, covering 1,019.2 miles after 12 hours of racing, averaging a speed of 84.927 mph. Second place went to the second Porsche, albeit nine lap adrift. The podium was complete by the Ferrari of Lovely and Jack Nethercutt who were a further lap behind.
Official Classification
Class Winners are in Bold text.
Fastest Lap: Chuck Daigh, 3:18.14secs (94.479 mph)
Class Winners
Standings after the race
FIA World Sportscar Championship
Note: Only the top five positions are included in this set of standings.
Championship points were awarded for the first six places in each race in the order of 8-6-4-3-2-1. Manufacturers were only awarded points for their highest finishing car with no points awarded for positions filled by additional cars. Only the best 3 results out of the 5 races could be retained by each manufacturer. Points earned but not counted towards the championship totals are listed within brackets in the above table.
References
Further reading
Alec Ulmann. The Sebring Story. Chilton Book Company. ASIN B0006CUAP2.
12 Hours of Sebring
Sebring
Sebring
Sebring
Sebring
Steve Sengelmann (Sangleman or Sengleman in various sources) is a former U.S. soccer defender. They spent two seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance, two in the American Professional Soccer League, two in the USISL and earned two caps with the U.S. national team.
Professional
Sengelmann graduated from Santa Monica High School in 1983. They then attended Cal State Los Angeles After starting their first-year student season in 1983, they moved to Germany. They spent a year and a half in Germany where they trained with the Bundeswehr German National Army Team in Duisburg. After turning down an offer with a club team in the Oberliga they returned to the United States where they played for CSLA from 1985 to 1988. They played for Team West in the 1985 National Sports Festival earning a gold medal and was selected to the U.S. soccer team at the World University Games. They also played for Team West in the 1986 and 1987 US Olympic Festivals, winning a Silver and Bronze medal respectively. In 1987, Sengelmann signed with the California Kickers of the Western Soccer Alliance during the collegiate off season. They remained with the Kickers through the 1988 season. In February 1990, they signed with the Salt Lake Sting of the American Professional Soccer League and played two seasons with them. In 1996 and 1997, they were with the El Paso Patriots of the USISL A-League.
National team
Sengelmann earned two caps with the U.S. national team. Both came in the February 1986 Miami Cup. The first was a scoreless tie with Canada on February 5. The second was a 1–1 tie with Uruguay two days later. In that game, they came on for John Stollmeyer.
References
Living people
American soccer players
Western Soccer Alliance players
California Kickers players
American Professional Soccer League players
Salt Lake Sting players
USISL Select League players
El Paso Patriots players
United States men's international soccer players
1965 births
USISL A-League players
Association football defenders
Terrell County is a county located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 9,315. The county seat is Dawson.
Terrell County is included in the Albany, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Formed from portions of Randolph and Lee Counties on February 16, 1856, by an act of the Georgia General Assembly, Terrell County is named for Dr. William Terrell (1778–1855) of Sparta, Georgia, who served in the Georgia General Assembly and the United States House of Representatives.
During the American Civil War, after Atlanta's capture by Union forces, a refugee settlement was established in Terrell County for civilians forced to flee the city. The Fosterville settlement, named after Georgia Quartermaster General Ira Roe Foster, was according to author Mary Elizabeth Massey in their 2001 history, the "most ambitious refugee project approved by the Georgia General Assembly" [during that period]. On March 11, 1865, the Georgia General Assembly authorized General Foster to "continue to provide for maintenance of said exiles, or such of them as are unable by their labor to support themselves, or their families for the balance of the present year."
During the civil rights era of the 1960s, the local white minority resisted change, sometimes violently; it subsequently became known as "Terrible Terrell County". In September 1962, an African-American church was burned down after it was used for voter registration meetings. (Note: Like other southern states, Georgia had disenfranchised most blacks at the turn of the century by rules raising barriers to voter registration; they were still excluded from the political system.) That month Prathia Hall delivered a speech at the site of the ruins, using the repeated phrase "I have a dream." Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. attended their speech; afterward, they also began to use that phrase, including in their noted "I Have a Dream" speech in 1963 at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
The western and southern two-thirds of Terrell County is located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The county's northeastern third is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee sub-basin of the same larger ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 82
State Route 32
State Route 41
State Route 45
State Route 49
State Route 50
State Route 55
State Route 118
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Webster County - north
Sumter County - northeast
Lee County - east
Dougherty County - southeast
Calhoun County - southwest
Randolph County - west
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 9,185 people, 3,399 households, and 2,348 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 9,315 people, 3,519 households, and 2,450 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,080 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.2% black or African American, 36.6% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.8% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 8.7% were American, 5.7% were English, and 5.0% were Irish.
Of the 3,519 households, 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.2% were married couples living together, 24.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.4% were non-families, and 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.11. The median age was 39.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,909 and the median income for a family was $35,663. Males had a median income of $36,641 versus $25,461 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,553. About 28.2% of families and 31.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 44.4% of those under age 18 and 24.6% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,970 people, 4,002 households, and 2,913 families living in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 4,460 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 60.69% Black or African American, 37.95% White, 0.20% Native American, 0.35% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.09% from other races, and 0.69% from two or more races. 1.24% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,002 households, out of which 33.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.10% were married couples living together, 24.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.20% were non-families. 24.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.18.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.40% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 13.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 82.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,969, and the median income for a family was $31,693. Males had a median income of $27,320 versus $19,895 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,894. About 22.70% of families and 28.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.50% of those under age 18 and 22.00% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Bronwood
Dawson
Parrott
Sasser
Notable people
Benjamin J. Davis Jr., Harvard Law School graduate and elected to New York City Council. Defended Angelo Herndon in Georgia against insurrection charges for organizing a union, resulting in a U.S. Supreme Court case that ruled against Georgia's insurrection law as unconstitutional.
Walter Washington, activist and politician, elected as the first black mayor of Washington, D.C. after Congress granted home rule to the city.
Otis Redding, rhythm and blues singer; one of the first crossover artists appealing to both young blacks and whites in the post-World War II era.
Cole Swindell, is an American country music singer and songwriter who attended Terrell Academy in Dawson, Georgia.
Politics
Terrell County has consistently been a Democratic county since the 1992 presidential election, though the margins have historically been close. In 1940, Franklin D. Roosevelt received 100% of all votes cast in Terrell County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Terrell County, Georgia
USS Terrell County (LST-1157)
References
External links
terrellcounty.georgia.gov
The New Georgia Encyclopedia Terrell County entry
1856 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Albany metropolitan area, Georgia
Populated places established in 1856
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
The 2020 Fordham Rams football team represented Fordham University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by third-year head coach Joe Conlin and played their home games at Coffey Field as a member of the Patriot League.
On July 13, 2020, the Patriot League announced that it would cancel its fall sports seasons due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The league announced a spring schedule on February 5, with the first games set to be played on March 13.
Schedule
Fordham had games scheduled against Stony Brook on August 29, Bryant on September 5, and Hawaii on September 12, which were all later canceled before the start of the 2020 season.
References
Fordham
Fordham Rams football seasons
Fordham Rams football
David Kittredge (born April 4, 1972) is an American film director, editor and screenwriter. They earned their Bachelor of Arts from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and is the owner and creative director of Triple Fire Productions, a Los Angeles-based production company.
In 2020, they became the producer and host of the podcast The Outcast Presented by Outfest, a podcast about LGBT content creators and their allies. Guests on the first season included Justin Simien, John Cameron Mitchell, Jonathan Groff, Michael Mayer (director), Christian Borle, Darryl Stephens, Christine Vachon, Jeffrey Schwarz, H.P. Mendoza, Jamie Babbit, Jim Fall, Miss Coco Peru, Laverne Cox and Shangela.
They were the editor of the new director's cut of 54 (film), which took over six months to create and utilized over 40 minutes of footage not found in the film's theatrical release. The film premiered to acclaim at the 65th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2015.
Their first feature as writer/director, Pornography: A Thriller debuted at NewFest in June 2009 and was released on DVD by Wolfe Video July 13, 2010.
Filmography
54 (film) (feature film) Editor, Director's Cut, 2015
Pornography: A Thriller (feature film) Writer, director, co-editor, 2009
Target Audience (short film) Writer, director, 2002
Fairy Tale (short film) Writer, director, editor, composer, 1998
References
External links
David Kittredge official site
Triple Fire Productions
Pornography: A Thriller official site
American film directors
American film editors
American male screenwriters
LGBT film directors
LGBT screenwriters
1972 births
Living people
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Believers is the eighth studio album released by Scottish band Deacon Blue, released on 30 September 2016 via both EarMusic and Sheer Sound recording labels. The album was a commercial success in the United Kingdom, debuting at number thirteen and remained in the UK Albums Chart for a further week, making Believers Deacon Blue's seventh Top 40 UK album. In their native Scotland, Believers debuted at number four on the Scottish Albums Chart.
Background
The album serves as the band's follow up to their 2014 effort, A New House which performed well in international album charts and spawned a number of single releases. Whilst previous efforts had been successful for Deacon Blue and the band enjoying a surge again in popularity in Europe, Believers became Deacon Blue's highest charting album in twenty three years in the United Kingdom.
Track listing
Standard edition
Chart performance
See also
Deacon Blue discography
References
2016 albums
Deacon Blue albums
Archie Blake (born 1906) is an American mathematician.
 They are well known for the Blake canonical form, a normal form for expressions in propositional logic.
In order to compute the canonical form, they moreover introduced the conept of consensus, which was a precursor of the resolution principle, today a common technique in automated theorem proving.
Career
In 1930 (or earlier), they became a member of the American Mathematical Society (AMS).
They presented their canonical form at the AMS meeting at Columbia University on 29 Oct 1932.
In 1937, this work lead to a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago, supervised by Raymond Walter Barnard.
They worked for the U. S. Coast and Geodetic Survey in Washington, D.C., since 1936 (or earlier) as a Mathematician, since 1938 as an Assistant Mathematician, and since 1939 as an Associated Mathematician.
In 1946, they were appointed a Senior Statistician in the Office of the Army Surgeon General, Washington, D. C.
They also worked for the Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory in Buffalo, New York.
From there, they changed in 1954 to the Westinghouse Electric Corporation in Baltimore, Md., where they became an Advisory Engineer.
In 1956, they moved from Westinghouse to the Bendix Aviation Corporation, as a Systems Staff Mathematician.
In 1960, they became a Manager of the Analysis Section of Raytheon in Sudbury, Massachusetts.
Publications
— Review in the Journal of Symbolic Logic — Abstract in Bulletin of the AMS, Vol.38, No.11, Nov 1932, p.6(805)
References
1906 births
Year of death missing
University of Chicago alumni
20th-century American mathematicians
Bendix Corporation people
Botiller v. Dominguez, 130 U.S. 238 (1889), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court dealing with the validity of Spanish or Mexican land grants in the Mexican Cession, the region of the present day southwestern United States that was ceded to the U.S. by Mexico in 1848 under the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The action was in the nature of ejectment, brought in the Superior Court of the Los Angeles County by Dominga Dominguez against Brigido Botiller and others, to recover possession of a tract of land situated in said county, known as 'Rancho Las Virgenes'. The title of the plaintiff was a grant claimed to have been made by the government of Mexico to Nemecio Dominguez and Domingo Carrillo, on October 1, 1834, but no claim under this grant had ever been presented for confirmation to the board of land commissioners, appointed under the California Land Act of 1851 (9 St. 631,) 'to ascertain and settle the private land claims in the state of California,' and no patent had ever issued from the United States to any one for the land, or for any part of it.
The Court held that no title to land in California dependent upon Spanish or Mexican land grants can be of any validity unless presented to and confirmed by the board of land commissioners within the time prescribed by the United States Congress.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 130
Alta California
Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo
Aboriginal title in California
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Fuller Court
United States land use case law
Mexican-American history
1889 in United States case law
Ranchos of Los Angeles County, California
Mexico–United States relations
The Queen's Birthday Honours 2007 for Australia.
Order of Australia
Companion (AC)
General Division
Ref:
Military Division
Ref:
Officer (AO)
General Division
Military Division
Member (AM)
General Division
Military Division
Medal (OAM)
General Division
Military Division
Meritorious Service
Public Service Medal (PSM)
Australian Fire Service Medal (AFSM)
Ambulance Service Medal (ASM)
Emergency Services Medal (ESM)
Distinguished and Conspicuous Service
Distinguished Service Cross (DSC)
Commendation for Distinguished Service
Conspicuous Service Cross (CSC)
Bar to the Conspicuous Service Cross (CSC and Bar)
Conspicuous Service Medal (CSM)
Nursing Service Cross (NSC)
References
2007 awards
Orders, decorations, and medals of Australia
2007 awards in Australia
Reşwan (also known as Reşiyan; ; ) is a Kurdish tribe, native to the western frontier of Kurdistan, mostly populating Adıyaman, Gaziantep, Kahramanmaraş and Malatya provinces in Turkey and also present in Konya and Ankara provinces, Raqqa in Syria, and Qazvin Province in Iran. Members of the tribe mostly adhere to the Hanafi school of Islam but some are Alevi. During the 1890s, the leader of the tribe Yakup Ragıp protected Armenians from Ottoman massacres.
Etymology
Nuh Ateş, a scholar and editor of Bîrnebûn, suggests that the name Reşwan is a compound of the Kurdish words () and the plural form -ân. Stefan Winter argues Reşwan can be understood as "The Blacks" in Kurdish. According to the tax records from the 16th century in the Ottoman Sancak in Urfa, the tribe was referred to as a remnant of the Black Nation () tribal confederation that was mainly composed of Kurdish tribes affiliated with the Qara Qoyunlu ( black sheep) confederation. Nonetheless, the name of the tribe was written in over fifty different ways in Ottoman documents due to erroneous translations from Kurdish. The tribe also goes by the name Reşî.
History
A tribe by the name of "Reşan" is mentioned in a Yezidi mişûr (manuscript) from 1207 AD, as one of the tribes affiliated to Pir Sini Darani, a Yezidi saint who is represented as the Lord of sea in the Yezidi religion.
The name of the tribe was recorded in the defter for Kahta, Besni and Adıyaman in 1519, after Sultan Selim I conquered the area. The tribe was recorded again in 1524 and 1536. During this period, there were inconsistencies about which families were part of the tribe and its population. Nonetheless, they were mainly transhumant nomadic and engaged in agriculture as well. Somewhen in the 17th century, the earliest mention is from 1683, the tribes taxes were included into the Ottoman foundation financing the construction and maintenance of the Atik Valide Mosque.
Sedentarization in Central Anatolia (1830-1880)
In early 19th century, Reşwan members who lived a nomadic life around Ankara and Konya were subjected to sedentarization attempts by the Ottomans, as part of the Tanzimat. The first attempt took place in 1830, wherein the authorities notified the Reşwan headmen of the Central Anatolian plains regarding their plans to settle them around Sivas. This led to discontent among the leaders who suggested Konya and Ankara as areas of settlement, which the Ottomans agreed on. In other places, the tribe resisted and it is well-documented that they would bribe and even give up everything to continue their semi-nomadic life. During the sedentarization, authorities would both construct new villages for the tribe but also divide and distribute them to already-existing villages to mitigate any rebellion. An 1859 document shows that about 500 households of the tribe lived in Haymana, being sedentarized in 43 villages. By 1880, this section of the tribe had been sedentarized. These tribe members were originally from Adıyaman, Islahiye and Gaziantep.
Politics and elections
In the 2000s, the tribe mainly voted for the conservative Justice and Development Party (AKP) until 2014, when the well-known Reşvan Kurdish politician Dengir Mir Mehmet Fırat resigned from AKP and decided to run for the pro-Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) in the local election in 2015. The leaders of the tribe decided to vote for HDP in the general election in June 2015.
See also
Kurdish tribes
Kurds of Central Anatolia
Çelikhan
Sincik
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
History of the Kurdish people
History of Adıyaman Province
History of Ankara Province
History of Konya Province
Kurdish tribes
Giasuddin Al Mamun is a Bangladeshi business person.  They are a friend and business partner of the politician Tarique Rahman. Mamun has been in jail since 2007 due to their convictions on numerous corruption cases. They have been sentenced to 20 years imprisonment on 3 cases, 2 of which are for corruption.  They are also accused in 20 other cases relating to extortion, corruption, illegal arms possession, and tax evasion.
Mamun owned the now-defunct television channel Channel 1.
Career
Mamun was a school friend of Tarique Rahman. In 1991, they became a business person with an investment of Tk. 39,000. By 1996, their wealth reached Tk. 33.94 crore with 45 banks accounts in Bangladesh and abroad. They accumulated even more money during the next BNP government from 2001 to 2006 due to their close relations with Tarique Rahman. They earned thousands of crores of taka by selling concrete poles to the Rural Electrification Board via their business firm Khamba Ltd.
Charges and convictions
Mamun was arrested by the police in 2007 during the 2006–08 Bangladeshi political crisis on an illegal arms case. Their house was raided and an illegal revolver was found (because of which they were sentenced to 10 years imprisonment). The raid came after an official of Abdul Monem Ltd. filed a case against Mamun for taking Tk. 1.17 crore as extortion. Mamun was prosecuted by the Bangladesh Anti Corruption Commission (ACC) for acquiring Tk. 101 crore beyond their known source of income in May 2007. In 2008, a court in Dhaka ordered a 10-year prison term for Mamun and 3 years for their wife, Shahina Yasmin, after the charges were proven. Yasmin surrendered to the court in April 2010 and was sent to prison. The High Court acquitted them of the charges in 2012 but the Supreme Court cancelled the High Court verdict in November 2015.
In 2009, Mamun was prosecuted by ACC on a charge of laundering Tk. 204 million to Singapore. In 2011, an FBI agent, Debra Laprevotte, testified against Mamun in court. They were sentenced to seven years in jail and fined Tk. 400 million in November 2013 in a Dhaka court by Third Special Judge Motahar Hossain. Their co-defendant, Tarique Rahman, was acquitted. Justice Motahar left the country soon after declaring their verdict.
In July 2016, the High Court reduced Mamun's fine to Tk 200 million. In April 2019, Mamun was further sentenced to 7 years in prison on a money laundering case in which they were convicted of laundering £400 thousand to the United Kingdom.
Personal life
Mamun is married to Shahina Yasmin, with whom they have 3 children. They were jailed in 2010 after charges against them of amassing Tk. 9.22 crore illegally were proven. Their brother is Hafiz Ibrahim, a BNP politician from Barisal. Their father, Zainul Abedin, was a former pilot of the Pakistan Air Force. Their mother, Mosammat Halima Khatun, died on 25 September 2019 at a hospital in Dhaka.
References
Living people
Bangladeshi businesspeople
Place of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
is one of the private junior Colleges located at Chūō-ku, Niigata in Japan. It was established in 1987, and is now attached to The Nippon Dental University.
Department and Graduate Course
Departments
Department of dental hygiene
Advanced course
Major of dental hygienist
See also
List of junior colleges in Japan
The Nippon Dental University
The Nippon Dental University College at Tokyo
External links
The Nippon Dental University College at Niigata
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Niigata Prefecture
Educational institutions established in 1987
1987 establishments in Japan
Niigata (city)
Dental schools in Japan
August Becker (1900–1967) was an SS officer and chemist who helped design mobile gas chambers.
August Becker may also refer to:
August Becker (socialist) (c. 1810–1875), German-American socialist
August Becker (painter) (1821–1887), German painter
August Becker (author) (1828–1891), German author
Ysabeau S. Wilce (pronounced Iz-a-bow Wils) is an American author of young adult fantasy novels. Them novels feature the rebellious young hero Flora Fyrdraaca and their adventures in the fictional land of Califa.
Life
Ysabeau S. Wilce was born in Northern California. As an adult they have traveled the world and lived in San Francisco, Anchorage, Miami, Mexico City, Madrid, Los Angeles, Maryland, Phoenix, Philadelphia, and Brooklyn. They have a graduate degree in military history and lives in San Francisco.
Works
Novels
Flora Segunda: Being the Magickal Mishaps of a Girl of Spirit, Them Glass-Gazing Sidekick, Two Ominous Butlers (One Blue), a House with Eleven Thousand Rooms, and a Red Dog (2007)
Flora's Dare: How a Girl of Spirit Gambles All to Expand Them Vocabulary, Confront a Bouncing Boy Terror, and Try to Save Califa from a Shaky Doom (Despite Being Confined to Them Room) (2008)
Flora's Fury: How a Girl of Spirit and a Red Dog Confound Their Friends, Astound Their Enemies, and Learn the Importance of Packing Light (2012)
Short stories
"Metal More Attractive" (2004) appeared in the Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction
"The Biography of a Bouncing Boy Terror" (2004) appeared in Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine
"The Lineaments of Gratified Desire" (2006) appears in the Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction; The Year's Best Fantasy and Horror, 2006, edited by Ellen Datlow, Kelly Link and Gavin Grant.
"Quartermaster Returns" (2007) appears in Eclipse, edited by Jonathan Strahan
"Hand in Glove" (2011) appears in Steampunk!, edited by Kelly Link and Gavin Grant.
Short-story collections
Prophecies, Libels & Dreams: Stories of Califa (2014)
Awards
Winner of the 2008 Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy for Flora's Dare: How a Girl of Spirit Gambles All to Expand Them Vocabulary, Confront a Bouncing Boy Terror, and Try to Save Califa from a Shaky Doom (Despite Being Confined to Them Room)
Two-time Tiptree Award Honor List Member
A New York Times Editor's Choice
A VOYA Best Book of 2006
A Kirkus Best Book of 2007
References
External links
The Official Site of Ysabeau Wilce
The Califa Police Gazette
The Califa Police Gazette Society Page
Interview: Ysabeau Wilce
Author Interview: Ysabeau S. Wilce on Flora Segunda
Living people
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American fantasy writers
American women short story writers
American women novelists
American writers of young adult literature
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
Women writers of young adult literature
Writers from California
21st-century American short story writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 507 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 340 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1939 and completed in 1942.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1942 establishments in Japan
The Baisha Bay () is a beach along the North Coast and Guanyinshan National Scenic Area in Shimen District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
History
The bay area originated around 800,000 years ago where the rocky promontories were created as the result of volcanic activity from the Tatun Volcano Group that sent lava flowing directly into the sea. The beach was called Kamakura during Japanese rule for its scenic beauty that highly resembles scenery in Kamakura.
Geography
The bay encompasses a half-moon shape beach for around 1 km length long. Due to its location close to the most northwestern point of Taiwan Island, the area is very windy. During the low tide, the beach area becomes very large, sometimes over 200 meters deep with shallow tide pool and many sand bars. Different minerals present in the rock around the beach have created a mottled rock surface where it has created primitive fish traps made of heaped landslide and broken coral, where fish are stranded by the retreating tide.
Features
The beach is the ideal place for cycling, sightseeing, relaxing, sea watching, sand sculpture and water sports. There are also small shopping areas with cafés, restaurants and small shops towards the north end of the beach.
Transportation
The beach is accessible by bus from Tamsui Station of Taipei Metro.
See also
List of tourist attractions in Taiwan
References
Beaches of New Taipei
Eduardo Ernesto Centeno Jiménez (born 30 May 1984) is a Venezuelan-born Dominican footballer who plays as a centre back for Atlético Pantoja and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Centeno was eligible to play for the Dominican Republic through their mother. Their formal debut was on 25 March 2018, being a second-half substitute in a 2–1 friendly win against Saint Kitts and Nevis. They had played two friendly matches in November 2017 against Nicaragua, but they were not recognised by FIFA.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football central defenders
Venezuelan Primera División players
A.C.C.D. Mineros de Guayana players
Carabobo F.C. players
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Dominican Republic international footballers
Dominican Republic people of Venezuelan descent
People from Bolívar (state)
Venezuelan people of Dominican Republic descent
Citizens of the Dominican Republic through descent
Academia Puerto Cabello players
The Battle of Tripoli () was a major battle during the middle of the Lebanese Civil War in late 1983. It took place in the northern coastal city of Tripoli between pro-Syrian Palestinian militant factions and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) led by Yassir Arafat. It resulted in the withdrawal of PLO and mostly ended their involvement in the war.
Background
Syria intervened in the Lebanese Civil War, occupying the country from 1976. The Syrians were backed by various local allies and proxy factions, many of whom were Palestinians. In 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon to expel the various Palestinian militant groups from the country. Even though the Israelis failed to evict most militant factions, the PLO was severely weakened by the invasion and had to evacuate. The organization fled to various Arab countries whose governments attempted to gain more control over it, though Arafat opposed this development. In particular, Syria under President Hafez al-Assad attempted to gain more influence by backing PLO dissidents. By late 1982, Arafat was increasingly moderating their position toward Israel, while distancing themselves from Syria. In addition, their strategies in regard to the Israeli–Palestinian conflict fell under growing scrutiny. Their critics also accused them of no longer properly opposing "reactionary Arab regimes", including Lebanon's government. This contributed to disputes within the PLO, with several factions opposing Arafat's stances. The dissidents began to organize under the leadership of Said al-Muragha (alias "Abu Musa"), Abu Khaled al-Amlah, and others who managed to gain Assad's support.
In the next months, several PLO battalions in northern Lebanon started to rally behind Said al-Muragha, whereupon Arafat responded by expelling them and other critics from leadership positions. Instead of solving the crisis, this move cemented the divisions and factually split the PLO into pro- and anti-Arafat elements. Other PLO commanders like Khalil al-Wazir unsuccessfully tried to mediate the disputes. Faced with growing unrest among Palestinian guerrillas in Lebanon, Arafat returned to the country in May 1983, intending to counter the rebellion led by Musa Awad ("Abu Akram") of the Libyan-backed Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine – General Command (PFLP-GC). Assad considered Arafat's return a personal challenge, especially as the PLO leader accused Syria of supporting the PFLP-GC, furthering the tensions.
Meanwhile, many other dissidents unified under the leadership of Said al-Muragha, and ultimately formed the Fatah al-Intifada. Arafat and their loyalists initially believed that they could easily deal with the dissidents, but the latter began to receive covert support from Syria and thus rapidly grew in strength. Clashes between the PLO and the dissidents continued throughout the summer, while the PLO suffered from desertions and shrank from 11,000 militants to between 4,500 and 8,000. As the dissidents grew in strength, Syria abandoned its previous official neutrality and sided openly with Said al-Muragha's faction. Assad expelled Arafat and their followers from Syria in June. Other anti-Arafat factions in the PLO such as the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) initially tried to mediate, and distanced themselves from Said al-Muragha's forces, declaring neutrality. In contrast, hardline anti-Arafat groups like the PFLP-GC and as-Sa'iqa exploited the situation and actively aided the PLO dissidents.
By late 1983, PLO presence in Lebanon was mainly reduced to two refugee camps in Tripoli, namely Beddawi and Nahr al-Bared, and the Beqaa Valley. Arafat's attempts to negotiate with Hafez al-Assad failed to reduce the tensions. From September 1983, the PLO leader was headquartered in Beddawi and voiced their concerns about an upcoming offensive by dissident groups. Arafat attempted to rally their remaining loyalists and mobilized some local and international support, though their efforts were largely unsuccessful. One militant group, the Islamic Unification Movement (IUM), chose to fight alongside the PLO, while the Kataeb Party provided some weaponry. Arafat's alliance with the IUM caused further criticism from other Palestinian groups, as they decried the IUM as "fanatic and reactionary". Regardless, the IUM under Said Shaaban proved to be a capable ally, and helped the PLO to clear Tripoli of all pro-Syrian groups.
Ultimately the PLO loyalists lost almost all their strongholds and were effectively besieged in Tripoli. Lebanese media claimed that commanders of the anti-PLO Palestinian factions proceeded to meet in Damascus, planning a final offensive against the PLO. The PFLP and DFLP also abandoned their neutrality, and sided with Said al-Muragha. Assad mobilized about 5,000 Palestinian militants as well as two special forces brigades in support of the operation, placing Syrian officer Suleyman al-Issa in charge of a joint operations room. However, it remains unclear whether Assad actually intended to kill Arafat.
Battle
In early November, anti-PLO Palestinian factions and Syrian troops, reportedly backed by Libyan forces, started to assault PLO positions in the outskirts of Tripoli, most importantly Beddawi and Nahr al-Bared. The anti-Arafat militants accused the PLO of having started the fighting. The anti-Arafat forces included Said al-Muragha's followers, the PFLP, PFLP-GC, as-Sa'iqa, and the Palestine Liberation Army (PLA). Overall, the besiegers would include 10,000 Syrian soldiers and 6,000 Palestinian militants.
The initial clashes involved heavy weaponry, including artillery. While the ground war was raging, the propaganda war was also relentless. Arafat called upon other Islamic countries to assist the PLO to avoid "a new massacre", believing that international pressure would force Damascus to accept them as the legitimate leader and stop the fighting. However, Arab support for the PLO was mostly confined to statements of denunciation by Iraq towards the Syrian actions and Egypt sending a arms shipment to Arafat's forces. It was speculated that both the Israeli Navy and the Syrian Navy were deliberately allowing arms shipments to reach Arafat, as the former approved of the fighting among the PLO's factions, while Syria did not want to "act openly". The Soviet Union voiced its opposition to Syria's attacks against the PLO, but refrained from an intervention. The PLO also tried to mobilize grassroots support, for example calling on Alawites to speak out against Assad after Syrian special units opened fire on a demonstration in support of Arafat in Yarmouk camp.
The rebels captured Nahr al-Bared on 6 November. On 9 November, a ceasefire was agreed upon, while negotiations between the PLO, the anti-Arafat groups, and Syria were iniated under mediation by Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Lebanese third parties such as statesman Rashid Karami, and the Arab League. Fighting eventually resumed. By 16 November, the PLO had been mostly expelled from the two camps, though some Arafat loyalist pockets initially held out in Beddawi. The Syrian Armed Forces then surrounded Tripoli itself and initiated an artillery and aerial bombardment, displacing many civilians and destroying three ships in the harbor. The PLO responded in kind, countering with their own Katyusha rocket launchers, and mortars, deliberately hiding them amid residential areas. The artillery duel ultimately destroyed parts of Tripoli's port, its oil refinery, and central market. Arafat's followers began a counter-attack at Beddawi on 18 November; the operation lasted for three days, but produced few tangible results aside from widespread destruction due to heavy artillery fire.
On 22 November, the Syrian-backed dissidents made major advances at the edges of Tripoli despite heavy resistance by the PLO loyalists, securing the Mallouleh intersection at the city's northern entrance and cutting all roads through the Baal Mohsen quarter which led to Beddawi. The last Arafat loyalists at the latter camp were thus cut off from aid. At this point, pro-Syrian Alawite militants also rose up within Tripoli, attacking Arafat's forces. Even though the PLO loyalists were increasingly cornered, IUM leader Said Shaaban urged Arafat to stay and keep fighting. In turn, Arafat declared that any withdrawal of their forces was conditioned on the Syrian-backed militants staying out of Tripoli and leaving their allies including the IUM alone. On 26 November, the Palestinian rebels decided to postpone a threatened attack, to give time to a Saudi-Syrian truce plan.
Faced with repeated attacks by the Syrians and allied Palestinians, coupled with the inaction of other countries, Arafat eventually yielded and agreed to a ceasefire as well as evacuation deal at the end of November. After obtaining promises from the United States and Arab countries that their forces would not be attacked on their retreat, the PLO agreed to leave Tripoli. The evacuation of their forces had to be delayed, however, as the Israeli Navy began to shell Tripoli. Arafat's forces agreed to leave their heavy weapons behind, including the Katyusha multiple rocket launchers, technicals, recoilless rifles, and antiaircraft guns. These were handed over to the Lebanese Army. About 4,700 PLO loyalists, including dozens of wounded, were evacuated by five Greek ships under protection of French Navy vessels, including the aircraft carrier Clemenceau, on 20 December. After Arafat boarded their vessel and waved to the crowd in the harbor, their followers and the IUM militants saluted them by firing their weapons into the air. The PLO militants reportedly felt a mixture of frustration and relief, as they had lost the battle and had to move abroad, but at least survived the "devastating artillery siege".
The PLO loyalists were moved to Algeria, North Yemen, Tunisia, and Sudan. About 500 disembarked in Cyprus and were then flown to Iraq. Syria and the anti-PLO factions had thus succeeded in expelling Arafat's loyalists from all of Lebanon. However, the IUM remained entrenched in Tripoli, and took control of the previously PLO-held harbor.
Aftermath
Arafat's forces were able to secure a safe exit from Tripoli towards Tunisia. Arafat's first stop was in Egypt, with which their relationship was improving following the Camp David Accords. They then held a meeting in Alexandria with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on 22 December. This meeting was supposed to demonstrate that the PLO remained committed to its independent course, and would not yield to Syrian pressure. From 1983, Israel began to treat the PLO as being divided into two fully independent groups: The pro-Syrian PLO group in Lebanon, and the PLO loyalist faction of Arafat which operated outside Lebanon.
The Syrian role in the battle of Tripoli was strongly criticized by many Sunni Arabs in Lebanon, Syria, and elsewhere, regarding it as betrayal of the Palestinian cause. Kuwait even threatened to suspend economic assistance to Syria. In contrast, East Germany –a nominal ally of Arafat– covertly supported Syria during and after the conflict. This decision was motivated by the East German leadership's belief that Syria was an important factor in the struggle against radical Islamists, most importantly the Muslim Brotherhood, whereas Arafat and their faction had allied themselves with Islamists.
Tripoli's residents were generally frustrated about the Palestinians and Syrians turning their city into a battleground, blaming both sides for the conflict. One Tripoli Police inspector stated that the city's residents had come to "hate them all", referring to the Palestinian factions, the IUM, and the Syrian Army.
Casualties and losses
Within the first week of combat, at least 250 people were killed and 400 wounded, most of them civilians. By 21 November, 500 people had been killed and 1,500 wounded, mostly civilians. Overall, the PLO loyalists suffered 200 dead and 2,000 wounded. It was estimated that half of Tripoli's population of 500,000 to 600,000 was displaced due to the battle.
Strategic implications
The loss of Tripoli meant that Arafat's loyalists no longer possessed any bases in proximity to Israel and Palestine.
The battle has exacerbated the division within the PLO and the continued positions of its leadership in moderation and willingness to accept a settlement with Israel that would lead to a Palestinian state over part of it rather than claiming the entire territory of former Mandatory Palestine. Dissidents continued to demand that Arafat be removed from the organization's leadership and criticized their performance. The fight in Tripoli led to the birth of two distinct factions: the Fatah loyalists and a small pro-Iraq group, the Arab Liberation Front, favoring diplomatic initiatives, and a connection with Jordan. The National Alliance, consisting of the dissidents from Fatah, As-Sa'iqa, the PFLP-GC, the Popular Struggle Front, who received support from Damascus and called for armed struggle.
However, the siege actually boosted Arafat's image in the Arab world, while presenting Syria and the PLO dissidents as the aggressors. The international reputation of Said al-Muragha as well as their followers was permanently damaged due to the battle of Tripoli, and, aside of Syria, no country would ever accept them as legitimate representatives of the PLO. Regardless, they remained the militarily dominant force among the Palestinian militants in Lebanon, and again defeated Arafat's loyalists during the War of the Camps of 1985–1988.
Legacy
Although the PLO attempted to return to Lebanon in the next years, and some local groups continued to pledge allegiance to Arafat, the 1983 battle marked the de facto end of the PLO's influence in the country.
See also
Lebanese Civil War
Mountain War (Lebanon)
War of the Camps
2nd Infantry Brigade (Lebanon)
References
Works cited
Further reading
Decline of the Arab-Israeli Conflict, The, Avraham Sela
Tripoli
History of Tripoli, Lebanon
1983 in Lebanon
November 1983 events in Asia
December 1983 events in Asia
Tripoli
Tripoli
Tripoli
Morris Bear Squire (November 5, 1923 – March 2014) was an American psychologist and hospital administrator who was known for their philanthropy and for a Medicare fraud case brought against them by the U.S. attorney's office in 1996 that involved a psychiatric hospital owned by Squire and administered by their son, Ari Squire. Morris Squire was the former owner and CEO of a national chain of 26 medical care facilities. They also founded several charitable organizations including the Forest Foundation, Moishe House and the Morris B. Squire Art Foundation. Squire's philanthropic endeavors were focused particularly on supporting Jewish causes.
Morris Bear Squire was born on November 5, 1923, in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Ukrainian immigrants. Their father was a dentist and their mother was a pharmacist. Squire earned degrees in psychology from the University of Illinois and University of Chicago. In 1958, Squire purchased a Chicago psychiatric hospital and succeeded in administrating it. During the subsequent years, Squire purchased and administrated 25 more psychiatric treatment facilities.
In 1963, Squire established the Forest Foundation, a non-profit organization for funding psychology research. After retiring as chief executive officer and selling off their corporation, Squire founded Moishe House, an international non-profit organization based in Oakland, California, which supports and sponsors young Jewish leaders as they create vibrant communities for their peers from their homes.
Medicare fraud settlement
Squire was the owner of Forest Hospital in Des Plaines, Illinois in 1996 when the psychiatric hospital was accused by two former employees of Medicare fraud. The employees said that elderly residents of area nursing homes and assisted-living facilities were bused to a psychiatric program run by Squire's company in Elgin [Illinois]. There, they would play games or sleep for five or six hours, and were provided little, if any, psychiatric medical care.
Forest Hospital paid $4 million to settle the civil Medicare fraud case, the payment was made when the hospital was sold in 1997.
Personal life
Their first wife was Eunice. They had three children, and at least three grandchildren.
In 1999, Squire married Lei The Dei of Cambodia. They renewed their marriage in 2003 at the Western Wall in Jerusalem. Squire resided in Santa Barbara, California.
They died in March 2014.
Publications
Morris B Squire, (1970) Current administrative practices for psychiatric services, Springfield, Ill.:Thomas, OCLC 80733
Morris B Squire; Chris E Stout; Douglas H Ruben, (1993), Current advances in inpatient psychiatric care : a handbook, Westport, Conn. : Greenwood Press
References
External links
Morris Squire, Founder profile at the Forest Foundation website
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Jewish American philanthropists
American health care chief executives
People from Chicago
1923 births
2014 deaths
Philanthropists from Illinois
20th-century American philanthropists
University of Illinois alumni
University of Chicago alumni
21st-century American Jews
José Sánchez (born 27 July 1941) is a former Costa Rican cyclist. They competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Costa Rican male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Costa Rica
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from San José, Costa Rica
Mercy Hospital South (formerly St. Anthony's Medical Center until October 1, 2018) is the third-largest medical center in Greater St. Louis and an affiliate of Mercy. It is the only designated Level II Trauma Center in either South St. Louis County or Jefferson County. The hospital is located in the unincorporated community, Sappington, Missouri just south of I-270 along Tesson Ferry Road (Missouri Route 21). It serves families in St. Louis County, St. Louis City, and Jefferson County, as well as Franklin County, St. Francois County, Ste. Genevieve County, and Washington County in Missouri, along with Monroe, Randolph and St. Clair counties in Illinois. In addition, Mercy Hospital South operates four urgent care facilities located in Arnold, Fenton, Kirkwood, and Lemay.
Mercy Hospital South has 767 licensed beds and is staffed by approximately 3,700 employees, 790 physicians and provides care to approximately 200,000 patients each year.
History
In 1900, the Franciscan Sisters, Daughters of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary, based in Wheaton, Illinois, opened St. Anthony's Hospital at Grand and Chippewa in south St. Louis City. The facility was named after Anthony of Padua, an early disciple of Francis of Assisi, who patterned their life and healing ministry after the example set by Jesus Christ.
Following St. Louis' first polio epidemic in 1946, St. Anthony's Hospital became designated by the National Foundation for Infantile Paralysis (NFIP) as its Midwest Center for polio treatment. In 1947, convalescent children who had survived polio under the auspices of the NFIP—later known as the March of Dimes—and its city and county chapters were brought to this hospital. It became one of the country's largest polio rehabilitation centers, treating more than 100 polio patients per day. In 1954, the incidence of new cases of polio tapered off and the hospital began offering twice-yearly Salk polio vaccine clinics.
In 1967, the Franciscan Sisters transferred ownership and control of the hospital to a board of community leaders, making St. Anthony's the first Catholic hospital in the St. Louis area to be administered by a lay board. In 1975, St. Anthony's Medical Center opened at its present
location at 10010 Kennerly Road. In 2017, St. Anthony's became affiliated with Mercy, which operates Mercy Hospital St. Louis. St. Anthony's officially changed names to Mercy Hospital South on October 1, 2018 to match the Mercy branding.
Russell and Fern de Greeff Hospice House
The Russell and Fern de Greeff Hospice House, known as Greeff Hospice House, provides traditional hospice care to terminally ill individuals who do not have a caregiver available to care for them at home. It is located on 3-1/2 acres of wooded property on the campus of Mercy Hospital South. Patients requiring de Greeff Hospice House services may have a caregiver who is unable to care for them any longer, symptoms that cannot be managed at home or no caregiver or resources to hire outside help.
History
The hospice was greatly expanded in 1969.
In 1998, Russell de Greeff was diagnosed with terminal cancer. They were admitted to St. Anthony's Medical Center, St. Louis, Mo. They and their wife, Fern, saw a need and established an endowment for a freestanding hospice house to care for terminally ill individuals who had no one to care for them in their homes. Russell de Greeff died in June 1998, one year before the hospice house opened in 1999.
In 2006, the Hospice House expanded to care for 18 patients from the original 10 patients. Fern de Greeff died at age 100 in January 2010. Them name is now synonymous with generosity and hospice care in St. Louis.
Awards and recognition
In 2011, St. Anthony's Medical Center earned the highest level of accreditation available as a Chest Pain Center with PCI (Percutaneous Coronary Intervention) from the Society of Chest Pain Centers.
In 2007, St. Anthony's was recognized for patient safety by an independent health ranking firm.
In 2006, St. Anthony's Medical Center was recognized with a Missouri Team Quality Award.
References
External links
St. Anthony Med Center
Healthcare in St. Louis County, Missouri
Greater St. Louis
Franciscan hospitals
Former Catholic hospitals
Hospitals established in 1900
Catholic hospitals in North America
Buildings and structures in St. Louis County, Missouri
1900 establishments in Missouri
Pleiades' Dust is the first EP by the Canadian technical death metal band Gorguts, released on May 13, 2016 through Season of Mist. It consists of a single track which runs for thirty-three minutes and is roughly divided into seven movements. It is also the band's first recording with new drummer Patrice Hamelin, who has been performing with the band live since 2011 but only became an official member in 2014 after the departure of John Longstreth (whose schedule with Origin was incompatible with Gorguts).
Writing and musical style
Pleiades' Dust presents a historical narrative on the House of Wisdom, an ancient library that stood in Baghdad from the 9th-13th century. The library contained and protected much of the world's knowledge until it was destroyed by the Mongols in 1258CE. According to lyricist and lead songwriter Luc Lemay, "the lyrics of the song start with the fall of Rome around 500 A.D., then go to Baghdad in 762 when they founded the city, then the Mongol invasion in the 1200s, when the library was destroyed." In a separate interview referencing the Islamic Golden Age, Lemay further explained that "I talk about knowledge as if it was like a wandering person. So for some reason the knowledge reappeared in the Middle East, and there was a very strong movement of intellect there." "It's kind of refreshing to remind ourselves where those beautiful things come from. The numbers we use, that's where it's from. Algebra, that's where it's from. Of course, we are not waking up in the morning and getting a fix of algebra. That's not what I'm saying. But we take those things for granted. I think it's very interesting and beautiful to discover and understand where those things are from."
Though Lemay wrote the majority of the first 20 minutes of the song, every band member contributed their own ideas and details to the songwriting. "This is a new thing for me, and I like this better though. It's way better than having to stand there in the rehearsing room one-on-one and trying to explain with bad air drumming. Instead I'm at my studio, really focused, taking my time and saying “ok, here I hear a fill” and write it down. I'm not a drummer, but that's a more precise way for me to explain my ideas. Then when I give it to everybody, they have a pretty good idea of what I hear in my head, but that doesn't mean it's set in stone. Not at all! The point to do that is to say “ok guys, drum-wise this is what I'm picturing and this is the best idea up to now.” But they can feel free to change it if they hear something different."
Lemay has cited a number of influences on the writing of Pleiades' Dust. The French avant-garde black metal band Deathspell Omega's EP 'Chaining the Katechon', Meshuggah 'I', and particularly Porcupine Tree's album 'The Incident' all influenced their decision to write such a long song. In an interview with Noisey, Lemay said that "the challenge was totally in the song structure, and that's where I wanted to put myself into an uncomfortable place. It was the first time I wrote a piece this long, and the number one rule was that I didn't want it to sound like three or four songs put together. And I think we did it. You can feel movements happening, but you don't feel like each movement is a song by itself. That was important."
Critical reception
Pleiades' Dust was met with very positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic (a review aggregator site which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 from music critics), based on 5 critics, the album has received a score of 80/100, which indicates "universal acclaim".
Metalsucks declared the release a "total fucking masterpiece" and "an actually enjoyable, challenging piece of art", and rated the album with a perfect score of 5 out of 5. Exclaim! gave the EP a 9 out of 10 rating, calling it "a stunning release, a cohesive, exceptionally crafted piece that captures the heavy aggression and incredible musicianship of Gorguts while incorporating more avant-garde elements and a fascinating storyline to boot". Revolver rated the album 3.5 out of 5, noting that Gorguts "still manage to break barriers", their "musicianship... is top notch", and "this EP is by no means a casual listen".
Track listing
Personnel
Personnel adapted from liner notes.
Luc Lemay - rhythm guitar, vocals
Kevin Hufnagel - rhythm guitar, lead guitar
Colin Marston - bass, mixing, mastering, production
Patrice Hamelin - drums
Zbigniew M. Bielak - cover illustration, digital layout
Jimmy Hubbard - photography
References
2016 EPs
Gorguts albums
Concept albums
is a liqueur from the distillation of the flowers of the mammee apple with spirits of wine.
Liqueurs
French liqueurs
Alcoholic drinks
Sriwijaya University (Indonesian: Universitas Sriwijaya, abbreviated as UNSRI) is a research, teaching and learning center which has contributed significantly in the development and advancement of sciences, technologies, arts and cultures.
Being one of the major state universities in Indonesia, Sriwijaya University's initial campus is located in Palembang, the capital of South Sumatera Province, and the second campus is located in Indralaya, Ogan Ilir Regency approximately 32 km away from Palembang.
UNSRI obtained the accreditation "Very Good (A)" awarded by the National Accreditation Board of Higher Education (Indonesian: Badan Akrediasi Nasional Perguruan Tinggi, abbreviated as BAN-PT).
History
The idea to establish a college in South Sumatera had been around since the early 1950s and was prompted on Independence Day celebration on August 17, 1952. Initiated by some community leaders, the idea was transformed into an agreement to form a Panitia Fakultet Sumatera Selatan (South Sumatera's Faculty Committee). At the end of August 1952, the faculty of economics was established under some considerations. Thus, South Sumatera's Faculty Committee for Economics was set up and then managed by a foundation established on the 1st of April 1953. It was named Yayasan Perguruan Tinggi Syakhyakirti (Syakhyakirti Higher Education Foundation).
This Faculty was officially opened on October 31, 1953 in a ceremony attended by Mr. Hadi, Secretary General of the Ministry of Education Teaching and Culture (KDP), Drg. M. Isa (Governor of South Sumatera), Bambang Utoyo (Commander of the Sriwijaya II TT), and Ali Gathmyr (Chairman of the Parliament of South Sumatera).
The Foundation of Higher Education Syakhyakirti continued the efforts to establish the university by Organizing Panitia Penyelenggaraan Fakultas Hukum (Law Faculty Committee). It was inaugurated as ‘Faculty of Law and Public Knowledge' on November 1, 1957, coinciding with the celebration of Dies Natalis IV of Economics Faculty.
The progress was sustained by the help of Military Authorities Territorial II Sriwijaya that provided financial assistance to construct a permanent building of Syakhyakirti Higher Education Foundation in Bukit Besar (now Bukit Besar's Campus of Sriwijaya University). The cornerstone laying ceremony took place on October 31, 1957.
The next effort was state validation of the existing college. With the persistent efforts of community leaders of South Sumatera, like Colonel Harun Sohar (A Commander as well as Chairman of Paperda TT II/Sriwijaya) and A. Bastari (Governor), the obstacles of building the university could be overcome. Then, in December 1959, a delegation was sent to Jakarta to meet the Minister of KDP (Mr. Moh. Yamin) where they managed to obtain the Government willingness guarantee for taking over Syakhyakirti college to become a state university. Under the Government Regulation no. 42 of 1960 dated October 29, 1960 (State Archive year 1960 no.135) Sriwijaya University was officially inaugurated on the 3rd of November 1960 and President Sukarno ceremonially signing the charter witnessed by Minister of KDP (Mr. Priyono) and several Ambassadors of the fellow countries. Drg. M Isa was appointed with Presidential Decree No. 696/M of 1960 dated 29 October 1960 as the first President of the University.
To meet the development demands, Sriwijaya University planned to expand the campus area by opening an area of 712 hectares in Indralaya, Ogan Komering Ilir (Now Ogan Ilir- OI), in 1982. The development of this new campus building started in 1983. The development of the campus started in 1989 and ended in 1993.
The South Sumatera's Governor at that time, Ramli Hasan Basri H, gave their inaugural lecture on Indralaya campus on September 1, 1993. The utilization of the facilities of Sriwijaya University in Indralaya was fully implemented with the issuance of the Decree of the Rector in January 1995 which stipulated that started from February 1, 1995 all activities of administration and most of the academic activities of Sriwijaya University were held on Indralaya campus. The Inauguration of Sriwijaya University's new campus in Indralaya was officially held on March 6, 1997 by President Suharto.
Location and facilities
The campus is located in Palembang (Palembang campus) and Indralaya (Indralaya campus).
Palembang Campus:
Jl. Srijaya Negara Bukit Besar, Palembang, South Sumatera, Indonesia 30139
Faculty of Medicine: Jl. Dr. Mohd. Ali Komp. RSMH Palembang, South Sumatera, Indonesia 30126
Graduate School of Sriwijaya University: Jl. Padang Selasa No.524 Bukit Besar, Palembang, South Sumatera Indonesia 30139
Indralaya Campus:
Jl. Raya Palembang-Prabumulih Km. 32, Indralaya Ogan Ilir 30662, South Sumatera, Indonesia
The inter campus transportation for students and staffs are Buses (UNSRI's buses and Trans musi buses) and Trains. For internal transportation within Indralaya, the campus offers free shuttle buses.
Student facilities:
Libraries
Sport Venues
ICT Services
Dormitories and Boarding
Student Center
Health Clinic
Camping Ground
Faculties
The university has 10 faculties, in bachelor's degree:
Faculty of Economics
Faculty of Law
Faculty of Engineering
Faculty of Medicine
Faculty of Agriculture
Faculty of Teacher Training and Education
Faculty of Social Science and Political Science
Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Science
Faculty of Computer Science
Faculty of Public Health
And for master degrees some of them are:
Mechanical Engineering
Biology
Physics
Chemical Engineering
Business
Agriculture
Civil Engineering
Education
Management
Campuses
Sriwijaya University has two main campuses, namely in Indralaya, Ogan Ilir and in Bukit Besar, Palembang. Bukit Besar campus Palembang breadth 32.5 acres, used as an educational facility program S0 ( D3 ), S2 and S3, and S1 Class Palembang .
Main campus with an area of 712 acres Indralaya located 38 kilometers to the south of the city of Palembang, an Activity Center for Education bachelor's degree ( S1 ) . On campus there are also Indralaya Administration Headquarters ( KPA ), Central Library, Institute of Languages, Institute of Research, Institute of Community Services, Computer Center, Student Activity Center, Community Health Center, Health Clinic, and University Fire Station .
UNSRI also has the Experimental Farm of 50 hectares in area Gelumbang, Muara Enim ( 62 kilometers south of Palembang ) . UNSRI also has a campus of the Faculty of Medicine at the Hospital Complex Mohammad Hoesin (Rumah Sakit Mohammad Hoesin, abbreviated as RSMH) Palembang, Guidance and Counseling at Campus Road Srijaya KM5.5 Palembang, and the Graduate College at Jalan Bukit Padang Selasa Raya Palembang .
Trans Musi Bukit Besar campus that caters to the Main Campus in Indralaya Students train Sriwijaya University.
References
External links
Palembang
Universities in South Sumatra
Educational institutions established in 1960
1960 establishments in Indonesia
Indonesian state universities
The following lists events that happened during 1919 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan (until February 20), Nasrullah Khan (February 21-February 28), Amanullah Khan (starting February 28)
February 20, 1919
The amir Habibullah Khan, who has always been a loyal friend to Britain, is murdered whilst camping in the Laghman Valley. Thereupon ensues a competition for the throne. At Jalalabad a proclamation is issued that Nasrullah Khan has assumed the throne, but in Kabul power is seized by Amanullah Khan, the third son of the late amir. Amanullah's mother was Habibullah's chief wife; but the late amirs the eldest son is Inayatullah who appears to have supported the claims of Nasrullah. Amanullah soon shows, however, that they have control of the situation and the rival claimant withdraws. There is more than a suspicion that Nasrullah (a brother of the late sovereign) was not unduly disturbed at Habibullah's assassination. The new amir, Amanullah, begins their reign by announcing that they will punish those who are guilty of the assassination of their father, that they will institute reforms in the country, including the abolition of the virtual slavery, which exists in a disguised form, and that they will preserve the tradition of friendship with India. On April 13 a durbar is held at Kabul, at which the assassination of the late amir is investigated. A colonel is found guilty of committing the murder and executed, and the new amirs uncle, Nasrullah, is found guilty of complicity in the crime, and is sentenced to imprisonment for life.
Early May 1919
Amanullah launches what becomes known as the Third Anglo-Afghan War. A large Afghan army comes pouring across the Indian frontier and proceeds to pillage far and wide in the northwest provinces. Within a few days, and before the Afghans have suffered any serious defeats, the amir enters into tentative negotiations with the Indian government. The fighting continues, however, the British forces on the frontier being commanded by Gen. Sir Arthur Barrett. The aeroplanes attached to the Anglo-Indian forces bomb both Jalalabad and Kabul. After much procrastination a peace conference is opened at Rawalpindi on July 26, Sir Hamilton Grant representing the Indian government and Sardar Ali Ahmad Khan representing the amir. A preliminary peace (the Treaty of Rawalpindi) is signed on August 8. By the terms of the agreement the arrears of the late amirs subsidy are confiscated, and no subsidy is to be paid at present to the new amir. The Afghan privilege of importing arms and ammunition from India is also withdrawn. The frontier in the region of the Khyber is to be definitely demarcated by the Indian government, and the Afghans are to accept this demarcation. The Indian government expresses its willingness, however, to receive another Afghan mission six months later. Moreover, there is another item in the agreement which is subsequently made known and which evokes considerable criticism in England. In the past there was an agreement between Britain and Afghanistan that Afghanistan should have no relations with any foreign government except Britain. According to the new treaty this stipulation is withdrawn, the amirs government thus obtaining full liberty to enter into relations with any foreign government. It is regarded by many as a sinister comment on this agreement that during the year the amir sends a mission to Moscow.
April 13, 1919
Amir Amanullah Khan declared Afghanistan's independence from Britain.
Afghanistan, 1919 In
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
The 2021 KBS Entertainment Awards ( presented by Korean Broadcasting System (KBS), took place on December 25, 2021, at KBS New Wing Open Hall in Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul. It was hosted by Kim Sung-joo, Moon Se-yoon and Han Sun-hwa. Daesang (Grand Prize) was awarded to Moon Se-yoon for 2 Days & 1 Night 4, , .
Nominations and winners
Presenters
See also
2021 MBC Entertainment Awards
2021 SBS Entertainment Awards
References
External links
Korean Broadcasting System original programming
KBS Entertainment Awards
2021 television awards
2021 in South Korea
Elisabeth Jungmann (Lady Beerbohm) (1894 – 28 December 1958) was an interpreter and the secretary, literary executor and second wife of the writer, caricaturist and parodist Sir Max Beerbohm.
Born to a German Jewish family in Lublinitz in Upper Silesia, Jungmann was the daughter of Adolf and Agnes Jungmann and the sister of Otto Jungmann and sociologist and historian Eva Gabriele Reichmann. They served as a nurse for the German Army during World War I. Jungmann was the personal secretary and English interpreter for Gerhart Hauptmann from 1922 to 1933, and then for Rudolf G. Binding. Binding had hoped to marry Jungmann but was prevented from doing so by the Nuremberg Laws.
Jungmann had been a friend of the Beerbohms since 1927 when they had translated at a meeting between Beerbohm and Hauptmann, who wintered in Rapallo in Italy. They became a regular visitor to their home, the Villino Chiaro in Rapallo. Because they were a Jew Jungmann went to Britain at the start of World War II, where they resumed their friendship with the Beerbohms at their temporary home in Abinger. During the war Jungmann worked for the Jewish Central Information Office in London as a research assistant. They went on to work for the Political Intelligence Department, a section of the British Home Office. After the war they stayed in London, working for the Control Commission for Germany and Austria which was involved in developing the "cultural revival of Germany". Beerbohm wrote a letter to the Aliens Tribunal on their behalf urging their suitability for British citizenship. When Jungmann's mother died in 1942 while being transported to Auschwitz-Birkenau, Beerbohm wrote a letter of condolence to them
When the Beerbohms returned to the Villino Chiaro after the war, Jungmann visited them there every summer.
On the death of their first wife, Florence Kahn, in 1951, Beerbohm called Jungmann in London. They immediately travelled out to their villa in Rapallo where they took care of the funeral arrangements. They became Beerbohm's secretary, confidante and carer. Jungmann acted as hostess to Beerbohm's many visitors, including Ezra Pound, who lived nearby, and Somerset Maugham, John Gielgud, Laurence Olivier and Truman Capote among others.
Jungmann once told Beerbohm how they would have liked to have met Isaac Newton, famous for their law of gravity. Beerbohm said that they would not have understood Newton, to which Jungmann replied "He would have liked you." "Yes," Max agreed, "I would have taught them the Law of Levity."
They became Lady Beerbohm when Beerbohm married them privately on their death bed on 20 April 1956 to ensure that under Italian law they would inherit all their possessions. On Beerbohm's death in May 1956 Jungmann became their literary executor. After their own death in 1958 their sister Eva Reichmann became the executor of Max Beerbohm's literary estate.
They were the subject of a biography by Corry Nethery.
References
Further reading
Corry Nethery, The Second Lady Beerbohm (Los Angeles: Dawson's, 1987, , miniature book, limited edition of 150 copies)
External links
Death notice in Time 19 January 1959.
Jungmann in the Princeton University Library Manuscripts Division
1894 births
1958 deaths
Beerbohm family
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
Female nurses in World War I
Rao may refer to:
Geography
Rao, West Sumatra, one of the districts of West Sumatra, Indonesia
Råö, a locality in Kungsbacka Municipality, Halland County, Sweden
Transport
Dr. Leite Lopes–Ribeirão Preto State Airport , IATA code RAO, serving Ribeirão Preto, Brazil
Fictional entities
Rao (comics), a fictional star in the DC Universe; Superman's planet Krypton revolved around it
Rao (Greyhawk), god of peace, reason, and serenity in Dungeons & Dragons: World of Greyhawk
Raō, the Japanese name for Raoh, a character in Fist of the North Star
Mathematics
Cramér–Rao bound, a statistical concept
Rao–Blackwell theorem, a theorem in statistics
Science
Rao (insect), a genus of wasps in the subfamily Platygastrinae
Recent African origin of modern humans (RAO), a paleoanthropological theory
Recurrent airway obstruction (RAO), a respiratory disease in horses
Response amplitude operator (RAO), a function relating a response to an input given the input frequency
Titles
Rao (title), cognate Hindi variations of the (originally Hindu) title Raja(h)
Rao Bahadur, a title of honour issued by the British in India
Other uses
Rao (Indian surname)
Rao (Chinese surname)
Rao language
Rao's, an Italian restaurant in New York City, USA named after its founder, Joshua Anthony Rao
Gang Busters is a 1942 Universal movie serial based on the radio series Gang Busters.
Plot
The city is terrorized by a crime wave masterminded by the elusive, soft-spoken Professor Mortis (Ralph Morgan) from their base in a forgotten cavern beneath the rails of the city's subway line. They declare over the radio that The League of Murdered Men will exact revenge upon the city officials. Mortis's gang members were officially pronounced dead in prison but revived by medical genius Mortis, who recruited them to do their bidding.
Police detective Bill Bannister (Kent Taylor) is visited by their brother, a reformed criminal who will inform on Mortis. Mortis's men kill the informant before they talk, and detective Bannister vows to get Mortis. Bannister, together with their partner Tim Nolan (Robert Armstrong), and police chief Martin O'Brien (Joseph Crehan) use the latest police methods to track down Mortis. Following the story are newspaper reporter Vicki Logan (Irene Hervey) and their photographer Happy Haskins (Richard Davies).
Cast
Starring:
Kent Taylor as Det. Lt. Bill Bannister
Irene Hervey as Vicki Logan, reporter
Ralph Morgan as Professor Mortis
Robert Armstrong as Det. Tim Nolan
Featuring:
Richard Davies as Happy Haskins, news photographer
Joseph Crehan as Police Chief Martin O'Brien
George Watts as Mayor Hansen
Ralf Harolde as Chief Henchman Halliger
William Haade as Henchman Mike Taboni
John Gallaudet as Henchman Wilkerson
George J. Lewis as Henchman Mason
Victor Zimmerman as Henchman Bernard
Johnnie Berkes as Newsboy–Henchman Grubb
Edward Emerson as "Frenchy" Ludoc
With:
Pat O'Malley as the Police Scientist
Beatrice Roberts as the Chief's Secretary
Riley Hill as Jim Bannister (Ch. 1)
Grace Cunard as landlady (Ch. 1)
Eddie Dean as Blair, ballistics expert (Chs. 1, 6)
Eddie Foster as Henchman Jerry Rogan (Chs. 3–4)
Stanley Price as Henchman Corky Watts (Chs. 4–5)
Ethan Laidlaw as Ludoc's bartender (Chs. 5, 7–8)
Mickey Simpson as Bruiser, Ludoc's bouncer (Ch. 7)
Karl Hackett as Henry, crooked watchman (Chs. 7–8)
Phil Warren as Henchman McKay (Chs. 8–9)
Jack Mulhall as Chemist Richards (Chs. 9, 11)
Jerry Jerome as Henchman Soupy Collins (Chs. 10–11)
Paul McVey as Attorney J.B. "Harry" Malloy (Ch. 12)
Dick Hogan as announcer during opening titles
Production
Gang Busters is one of Universal's most elaborate serials, with many chase and thrill scenes expertly staged in outdoor locations. The directors were Ray Taylor, veteran director responsible for many hit serials, and Noel M. Smith, former silent-screen director who specialized in fast action (Smith directed many of Larry Semon's stunt-filled comedies of the 1920s). Some of the footage in Gang Busters was so good that Universal often reused it in its later cliffhangers.
Universal had been making adventure serials since the 1910s, and achieved major success with its Flash Gordon serials of the late 1930s. By the early 1940s serials were usually shown to juvenile audiences at weekend matinees. Universal intended Gang Busters for adult audiences and possible weeknight showings, and staged the action as a straight crime drama. The studio introduced a new "Streamlined Serials" format to distinguish it from its previous chapter plays. Instead of beginning each chapter with a printed synopsis of the storyline, the new format had the action in each chapter starting immediately. The story characters were shown discussing the latest developments and recapping the story themselves.
As a publicity gimmick, Universal hired its "serial queen" of the 1910s, former action star Grace Cunard, to work in Gang Busters. They appear only in the first chapter, as the landlady of a boarding house, but they received prominent billing in the promotional posters and advertising.
Critical reception
Gang Busters was very successful in its original release, and was re-released in 1949 by Film Classics, Inc.
Authors Jim Harmon and Donald F. Glut described Gang Busters as a "well made and interesting serial.", and William C. Cline considered the serial one of Universal's best and that Professor Mortis is one of the best characters ever created for a serial.
Chapter titles
The League of Murdered Men
The Death Plunge
Murder Blockade
Hangman's Noose
Man Undercover
Under Crumbling Walls
The Water Trap
Murder by Proxy
Gang Bait
Mob Vengeance
Wanted at Headquarters
The Long Chance
Law and Order
Source:
See also
List of film serials by year
List of film serials by studio
References
External links
1942 films
1942 crime drama films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures film serials
Films based on radio series
Films directed by Ray Taylor
Films directed by Noel M. Smith
American crime drama films
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
1940s American films
Albert Park railway station may refer to:
Albert Park railway station, Adelaide, Australia
Albert Park railway station, Melbourne, Australia
Withington and Albert Park railway station, a former station in Manchester, UK
Tilts is a hamlet in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. Aside from some farms, there is a moated site which is a scheduled monument.
References
Hamlets in South Yorkshire
Villages in Doncaster
William Egerton (1684–1732) was a British Army officer and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons almost continuously from 1706 to 1732.
Early life
Egerton was the fourth son of John Egerton, 3rd Earl of Bridgwater and their wife Jane Paulet, daughter of Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton. They travelled abroad in Germany and then joined the army. They were a captain in the 6th Foot in 1704 and was captain and lieutenant in the 1st Foot Guards from 1705.
Career
Egerton was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament (MP) for Buckinghamshire at a by-election on 27 February 1706. At the 1708 British general election, they were returned unopposed as Whig MP for Brackley. They were initially inactive in the House as they were serving with the army in Flanders, but voted for the impeachment of Dr Sacheverell in 1710. They were returned again at the 1710 British general election and voted for the motion of ‘No Peace Without Spain' and against the French commerce bill on 18 June 1713. At the 1713 British general election they were returned in a contest and on voted against the expulsion of Richard Steele on 18 March 1714. Egerton was said to have spoken insultingly about the Duke of Ormond, and in April 1714 they were told by Secretary at War, Francis Gwyn, that the Queen ‘had no further service for him' and was to be given 1,000 guineas for their company. They were then unseated on petition on 20 April 1714.
After the Hanoverian succession Egerton was made Colonel of their own infantry regiment, later known as the 36th Regiment of Foot. They were returned unopposed as MP for Brackley at the 1715 general election. In 1719 they were made Colonel of another Regiment, later known as the 20th Regiment of Foot. They were returned unopposed again for Brackley in 1722 and 1727. They voted with the government on all known occasions.
Death and legacy
Egerton died on 15 July 1732. They had married Anna Maria Saunders, the daughter of Admiral Sir George Saunders, Commissioner of the Navy, and had three daughters. Their daughter Jane married Thomas Revell MP of Fetcham Park.
References
|-
1684 births
1732 deaths
Royal Warwickshire Fusiliers officers
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
English MPs 1705–1707
British MPs 1707–1708
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
British MPs 1713–1715
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
Grenadier Guards officers
Younger sons of earls
The women's heavyweight (70 kg/154 lbs) Low-Kick category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the female Low-Kick tournaments, involving eight fighters from two continents (Europe and Africa). Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Low-Kick rules.
The tournament winner was Morocco's Amzail Bouchra who won gold by beating Russia's Elena Kondratyeva in the final by split decision. Defeated semi finalists Natasa Ivetic from Serbia and Croatian Nives Radic had to make do with bronze medals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Brian Shoop is an American baseball former coach and player. They played college baseball at Malone University from 1977 to 1980. They then served as the head baseball coach of the Birmingham–Southern Panthers (1990–2006) and the UAB Blazers (2007–2020)
Playing career
Shoop attended Malone University and played baseball for the Pioneers all four years. They were an all-district selection, and the team was Ohio NAIA champion each year.
Coaching career
After finishing their playing career, Shoop became an assistant coach at their alma mater while completing a master's degree at nearby Kent State University. The Pioneers continued their streak of Ohio NAIA championships both years that Shoop was on the staff. They then became an assistant at Southeastern Conference power Mississippi State for seven years. In Starkville, Shoop worked with future Major League Baseball stars Will Clark and Rafael Palmeiro, among others. After their time with the Bulldogs, Shoop became head coach at Birmingham–Southern, leading that program for seventeen seasons. They amassed 692 wins, and led the team during most of its brief time at the Division I level. Under Shoop, the Panthers claimed a pair of Big South Conference titles and appeared in the Athens Regional. In their last year as an NAIA school, BSC won their first national championship after winning a school record 55 games.
After BSC decided to move their programs to Division III, Shoop accepted the head coach position across Birmingham at UAB. In six seasons with the Blazers, Shoop has coached 19 all-conference players and ten future professional players. After finishing in 2nd place in C-USA, Brian Shoop received the C-USA Head Coach of the Year award for 2014.
Shoop won their 800th game on May 14, 2010 with a victory over Tulane and their 900th on Feb. 22, 2014, with a 4–0 win over Youngstown State. On May 10, 2020, Shoop announced their retirement from coaching.
Head coaching records
The following is a table of Shoop's head coaching records in NCAA competition. Although Shoop was the head coach of Birmingham–Southern from 1990–2006, the program did not join the NCAA until the start of the 2002 season.
References
Living people
Baseball players from Columbus, Ohio
Baseball coaches from Ohio
Malone Pioneers baseball players
Malone Pioneers baseball coaches
Kent State University alumni
Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball coaches
Birmingham–Southern Panthers baseball coaches
UAB Blazers baseball coaches
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marie Juchacz (née Marie Gohlke; born Landsberg an der Warthe, 15 March 1879; died Düsseldorf, 28 January 1956) was a German social reformer.
They joined the Social Democratic Party (SPD) in 1908, more than ten years before women acquired the right to vote, and pursued a career that included politics, becoming, in 1919, the first female Reichstag member to address a German parliament.
Life and career
Early years
Marie was the daughter of a carpenter called Theodor Gohlke and their wife Henriette. Them childhood was marked by rural poverty, and they were obliged to leave school when aged 14. After finishing at the local school in Landsberg an der Warthe, Juchacz, whose beliefs were Protestant, began work in 1893, first as a maid, and then, briefly, in a factory that made curtains and fishing nets. Them father suffered from a lung infection and since they had no health insurance, after they left school Marie's wage packet was important for keeping the family afloat. From 1896 to 1898 they worked as a nurse in the local psychiatric institution. Looking back on the long hours of poorly paid shift work at the institution they recalled that they had soon become used to "sleeping while sitting on a hard rigid chair ("..im Sitzen auf harten, steifen Stuhlen zu schlafen...").
They later completed an apprenticeship as a dressmaker, and took a job with a taylor called Bernhard Juchacz whom, in 1903, they married. Their daughter Lotte was born in the same year. Their second child, Paul, was born in 1905, but the marriage ended in divorce in 1906 and Marie Juchacz moved to Berlin, accompanied by their two children, their younger sister, Elisabeth Kirschmann-Röhl (1888–1930). and Elisabeth's children. The sisters set up house together in Berlin with their children, forming out of necessity what was seen as an unconventional family unit. Marie worked at dressmaking until 1913.
Political awakening
Marie had been introduced to politics by their older brother, Otto Gohlke, who in the later 1890s had encouraged them to read popular political works of the time such as "Die Waffen nieder!" (Throw down the weapons) by Bertha von Suttner and "Die Frau und der Sozialismus" (Woman and socialism) by August Bebel. Around 1903 they met Wilhelm Paetzel who was frequently in Landsberg where their family lived. Paetzel had an important job with "Vorwärts", a Berlin publishing house, and was also an activist with the SPD and the Landsberg party candidate in the 1907 election.
Marie Juchacz joined the SPD themselves in 1908. In a campaign headed up by August Bebel the SPD had called for women to be permitted to join political parties in 1879, but they were nevertheless excluded until the repeal of the old Prussian Association Law in 1908. Marie Juchacz was one of the first female party members. It would be more than another decade before women were allowed to vote in German elections however.
The SPD
As an active party member Juchacz quickly became a popular speaker at political meetings. In 1913 they were appointed to a paid position by the party as the Cologne women's secretary in what was then the Upper Rhine province. Them children remained in Berlin, looked after by their sister. They were nominated for the job, which they retained till 1917, by Luise Zietz (1865–1922) who had been appointed in 1908 to the SPD executive committee, in which Zietz was still at this stage the only woman. Much of Juchacz's attention in their new post was devoted to looking after the organisation of female textile workers in the Aachen area.
The war
In November 1914 they gave a series of presentations to the "National Women's Association" (Nationale Frauengemeinschaft) entitled, "The Social obligations of Women in Wartime". Despite their reputation as a public speaker, this was the first time they had addressed meetings that were not composed only of workers and SPD party members. Organising these presentations with Juchacz also gave an opportunity for non-state based welfare group members to get to know them
During the First World War, Marie Juchacz worked, together with Anna Maria Schulte, Else Meerfeld and Elisabeth Röhl (her sister, who later remarried and became Elisabeth Kirschmann or, in other sources, Elisabeth Kirschmann-Röhl), organising the "Homework Centre" (Heimarbeitszentrale). This involved setting up sewing centres to give women the opportunity to work from home, along with other support for war widows and orphans. Juchacz was also a member of the so-called Food Commission (Lebensmittelkommission) which set up and operated soup kitchens.
Party crisis
In 1917, after more than a year of rising internal tensions, the Social Democratic Party split apart. There was disagreement over a range of domestic issues and over opposition to the war by the "anti-revisionist" wing that included high-profile party leaders such as Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg. The left wingers formed the Independent Social Democratic Party (USDP). The majority, including Marie Juchacz, remained with the mainstream Majority SPD under the Chairmanship of Friedrich Ebert who was always staunch in supporting the war effort. In 1917 they returned to Berlin when they accepted Ebert's invitation to become the Women's Secretary in the Party's national leadership in succession to Luise Zietz. In the same year Juchacz was elected to the SPD's national executive committee. They also, in 1917, took over from Clara Zetkin the editorship of the women's newspaper "Die Gleichheit" ("Equality").
National Assembly member
On 6 February 1919 Marie Juchacz and their sister were two of the 36 women elected to the Weimar National Assembly (which in June 1920 was superseded by the national Reichstag, to which Juchacz was also elected). On 19 February, exactly a month after the first national election in which women had been permitted to vote, Marie became the first woman to make a speech before that body, or indeed any German parliament.
They were also the only woman on the "National Assembly Advisory Board to Draft a Constitution for the German state" (Ausschuß zur Vorberatung des Entwurfs einer Verfassung des Deutschen Reichs)
In the election of 6 June 1920 Juchacz (unlike their sister Elisabeth) retained a seat in the national Reichstag, now representing the SPD for the Potsdam electoral district, and they remained a Reichstag member until 1933.
Having made their mark with their first speech to the National Assembly, Juchacz's powerful oratory was again on display with their final contribution, in the turbulent Reichstag debate that followed the Presidential Election in April 1932. They are, again, the only woman to speak in the debate, and they were uncompromising in their attack on the Nazi Party.
Workers' Welfare Committee
Building on ideas of combining self-help with welfare provision that they had developed while organising wartime support organisations, on 13 December 1919 Marie Juchacz founded the Workers' Welfare Committee (AWO) committee. Its full name (then) was "Social Democratic Party Main Committee for Worker Welfare" (Hauptausschuss für Arbeiterwohlfahrt in der SPD). Friedrich Ebert, the SPD (party) leader and by now Germany's chancellor summed up the organisation's mission and its approach with the slogan, "The Workers' Welfare [committee] is the Self-help of the Workforce." (Arbeiterwohlfahrt ist die Selbsthilfe der Arbeiterschaft). The AWO was suppressed under the Nazis but resurrected in 1946, now independent of any political party, and is today an important element in Germany's decentralised welfare infrastructure, employing across the country 145,000 people plus around another 100,000 volunteers, and with approximately 400,000 members.
Despite their membership of the Reichstag, it was the AWO that was increasingly the focus of Juchacz's activities during the 1920s, as they found the party political mandate and functions less important than coordinating support for people needing help.
Exile
On 30 January 1933 Adolf Hitler was appointed Reichs Chancellor. The AWO continued to function for a few more months, but after the Reichstag fire at the end of February and the Reichstag election of 5 March 1933, political parties found themselves banned, with the SPD, second only to the Nazi party in the March elections, prominent in the firing line. SPD members were killed or arrested while others lost their jobs. The AWO, like other organisations that had opposed the Nazi tide, disintegrated. The SPD leadership fled to Prague while Juchacz, now aged 54, and together with their sister's widower, Emil Kirschmann, whom they had now married, fled to Saarbrücken, which at this stage was still under French military control. In Saarbrücken they continued to campaign against National Socialism, and also set up a lunch centre to provide some contact for refugees from Germany who suddenly found themselves stateless.
The Saarland (including Saarbrücken) had been occupied by French troops under terms imposed by the Treaty of Versailles (1919), which had also required that after fifteen years the inhabitants of the region should be permitted a vote on their future citizenship. Despite the recent Nazi takeover in Germany, in 1935 Saarlanders voted to rejoin Germany, and as a high-profile refugee from the Nazi regime, Juchacz was obliged to move again, this time to Mulhouse in Alsace (which had been in France since 1919, though German dialects still predominate in many parts of the region). In Mulhouse they were not politically active. In 1940 the German army successfully invaded northern France and Juchacz, along with many German socialists and communists who had since 1933 moved to Paris, now had to move again, to the southern part of France, reaching Marseilles at the end of 1940.
In 1941 they fled again, on an emergency visa, to New York City, via Martinique. In New York they were reunited with their sister's widower, Emil Kirschmann. They learned English and, in 1945, directly following the end of World War II, established "Arbeiterwohlfahrt USA – Hilfe für die Opfer des Nationalsozialismus", a New York-based equivalent of the AWO with its focus on support for victims of Naziism, sending parcels of food and other essentials to a destroyed Germany.
In 1949, Juchacz returned to Germany from exile in the United States and was made the AWO's honorary chairperson.
Recognition
Several cities have honoured Marie Juchacz by naming streets "Marie-Juchacz-Straße" or "Marie-Juchacz-Weg". In 2003, they were also honoured by Deutsche Post in its Women in German history series of postage stamps.
Since 1969 the AWO has issued, as its highest mark of honour and recognition, the Marie Juchacz Plaque. It is presented to AWO members who have demonstrated particular commitment to the AWO and stood up for its political interests.
See also
History of the Social Democratic Party of Germany
References
External links
Biography 1
Biography 2
Speech before the National Assembly
Archive of Marie Juchacz Papers at the International Institute of Social History
1879 births
1956 deaths
People from Gorzów Wielkopolski
People from the Province of Brandenburg
German Protestants
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Members of the Weimar National Assembly
Members of the Reichstag of the Weimar Republic
German activists
German women activists
Exiles from Nazi Germany
20th-century German women politicians
Holdfast (2016 population: ) is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Sarnia No. 221 and Census Division No. 6. The village is located 2 km east of Highway 2 on Highway 732, about 97.6 km northwest of the City of Regina.
History
Holdfast incorporated as a village on October 5, 1911.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Holdfast had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the Village of Holdfast recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Services
Below is a list of businesses, services & organizations located in Holdfast:
Village of Holdfast Office
Rural Municipality of Sarnia office
Holdfast Fire Hall
Holdfast Post office
Holdfast Library
Holdfast Parks-And-Rec Committee
Schell School - (Home of the Pacers)
Sarnia Community Complex - (Home of the Holdfast Trackstoppers)
Holdfast Family Diner
James' Grocery Store
Aussie Welding and Manufacturing
Holdfast Tavern And Liquor Store
Conexus Credit Union
Long Lake Insurance and Promotional Prod
Holdfast Roman Catholic Church
Holdfast Baseball Diamonds - Home of the Arm River Indians
Mcrae Farm Service, Card Lock And Credit Card Gas Station
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
References
Villages in Saskatchewan
Sarnia No. 221, Saskatchewan
Division No. 6, Saskatchewan
Max Coltheart (born 16 April 1939) is an Australian cognitive scientist who specialises in cognitive neuropsychology and cognitive neuropsychiatry.
Coltheart was born in Frankston, Victoria and grew up in Brisbane, Canberra and Bega. They commenced a Bachelor of Arts at the University of Sydney in 1957, and completed MA and PhD degrees there, then went on to a succession of academic posts including at the University of Sydney, 1965-1967, Monash University, 1967-1969, University of Waterloo, Canada 1969-1972) and the University of London. They were Reader in Psychology at the University of Reading 1972-1975 and Professor of Psychology at Birkbeck College London University from 1975 to 1987. In 1987 they took up the position of Professor of Psychology in the Psychology Department of Macquarie University.
Coltheart was appointed Scientific Director of the Macquarie Centre for Cognitive Science in 2000, and maintained this position until 2009. They were awarded an ARC Federation Fellowship in 2002 and in 2010 was appointed Emeritus Professor of Cognitive Science at Macquarie University.  They are also a fellow of the Australian Academy of Science and the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia and a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy.  They are currently a Chief Investigator in the Australian Research Council's Centre of Excellence for Cognition and its Disorders at Macquarie University. Among their prominent students is Anne Castles.
 They are noted for developing the "dual-route" theory of reading) in the late1970s and the two-factor theory of delusional belief in the 2000s as well as contributions to the debate about what can be learned about cognition from functional neuroimaging work
Coltheart received a Centenary Medal on 1 January 2001 "For service to Australian society and science in cognitive neuropsychology'. They were appointed Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in the 2010 Australia Day Honours "For service to cognitive psychology as a researcher and academic, and to people with learning difficulties".
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Macquarie University faculty
Cognitive scientists
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Members of the Order of Australia
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
2011 MD is a bright micro-asteroid, classified as near-Earth object of the Apollo and Amor group, respectively. On 27 June 2011, at around 17:00 UTC (13:00 EDT), the object passed exceptionally close to Earth's surface at a distance of approximately , roughly the diameter of the Earth.
Description
Although was initially believed to be space junk, subsequent observations confirmed that it is an asteroid. A few hours before the asteroid's the nearest approach in 2011, it appeared close to the Sun, so observations were possible for only a brief period. Backyard astronomers were able to observe it with telescopes from Australia, southern Africa, and the Americas.
was discovered on 22 June 2011, by astronomers of the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research (LINEAR) at the U.S. Lincoln Laboratory Experimental Test Site in Socorro, New Mexico, by a pair of robotic telescopes. According to original rough estimates, the asteroid's length was between . However, according to the more recent absolute magnitude (H) measurement of 28.1 and its albedo of 0.3, the asteroid is closer to 6 meters or 20 feet in diameter.
Emily Baldwin of Astronomy Now said that there was no threat of collision, and should the asteroid enter Earth's atmosphere, it would "mostly burn up in a brilliant fireball, possibly scattering a few meteorites", causing no likely harm to life or property on the ground.
The 27 June 2011 close approach to Earth increased the orbital period of from 380 days to 396 days. During close approach the asteroid passed Earth at a relative speed of 6.7 km/s with a geocentric eccentricity of 1.1.
was observed by the Spitzer Space Telescope in February 2014 and estimated to be in diameter. The asteroid is a porous rubble pile with a density similar to water. On 19 June 2014, NASA reported that asteroid was a prime candidate for capture by the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM) in the early 2020s.
Gallery
See also
Asteroid capture
Asteroid Redirect Mission
References
External links
Encounter animations (Pasquale Tricarico)
Minor planet object articles (unnumbered)
20110627
20110622
The South Middlesex Correctional Center (SMCC) is a small, minimum security/pre-release state prison for women located in Framingham, Massachusetts. The prison opened in 1976, originally as a part of MCI-Framingham. Today, it is its own facility specifically for women. Most, if not all inmates work in the community during the day for an average wage of $7/day. Many work in fast food restaurants, as janitors, carpenters, or painters. On January 6, 2020, there were 63 inmates in general population beds.
Facility description
SMCC consists of one large three-story building with a basement. The first floor is used for administrative offices, while the second and third floors are used as inmate living areas. Most rooms are double-occupancy while some house more than two women. As a minimum security/pre-release facility, SMCC is not within a secure perimeter and there are no lock-in cells. The facility is supervised and managed by the Massachusetts Department of Correction.
Covid cases
Pursuant to the Supreme Judicial Court's April 3, 2020 Opinion and Order in the Committee for Public Counsel Services v. Chief Justice of the Trial Court, SJC-12926 matter, as amended on April 10, April 28 and June 23, 2020 (the “Order”), the Special Master posts weekly reports which are located on the SJC website here for COVID testing and cases for each of the correctional facilities administered by the Department of Correction and each of the county Sheriffs' offices. The SJC Special master link above has the most up to date information reported by the correctional agencies and is posted for the public to view.
References
1976 establishments in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Framingham, Massachusetts
Prisons in Massachusetts
The following is a list of National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I college baseball team statistics as of the conclusion of the 2017 season, including all-time number of wins, losses, and ties; number of seasons played; and percent of games won.
This list includes record as a senior college only, and only teams with 25 or more seasons in Division I included.
Winningest Baseball Programs as of Conclusion of 2017 Season
See also
Baseball statistics
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship
References
Statistics, team
Big Peak may refer to:
Big Peak (Plumas County, California)
Big Peak (Camas County, Idaho)
Big Peak (Custer County, Montana), a mountain in Custer County, Montana
References
Hexastylis finzelii, or Finzel's wild ginger, is species of plant in the Aristolochiaceae native to northern Alabama. It is known from two populations in Marshall County. There are thought to only be around 1,000 individuals in the wild.
The plant is named after Brian Finzel, a photographer who discovered the species in 2019. It was formally described by botanist Brian Keener in 2020.
Description
Hexastylis finzelii is visually similar to H. speciosa and H. arifolia, with the shape of the flowers being the only defining feature. The flowers are difficult to see as they bloom beneath the leaf litter, which is thought to explain why the species went undiscovered for so long. It is hypothesized that they are pollinated by beetles.
Distribution and habitat
The species is only known to persist on Bishop Mountain in Alabama. It is found growing out of leaf litter in moist, hardwood forests. Soils are rocky and well-draining.
The populations are protected as they exist on federal Tennessee Valley Authority lands.
References
Aristolochiaceae
Plants described in 2020
Matthew James Tweedley (born 16 April 2004) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for League One side Bolton Wanderers.
Playing career
Tweedley came through the Bolton Wanderers Reserves Academy, which they joined at the age of five.
Tweedley made their Bolton debut on 30 November 2021 in a 1–0 victory against Fleetwood Town in the EFL Trophy, coming on in the 83rd minute as a substitute for Oladapo Afolayan.
On 13 June 2022, Tweedley became one of the five Academy graduates that signed their first professional contracts with Bolton.
Statistics
Notes
References
2004 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
English Football League players
Footballers from Rochdale
Grzegorz Rozenberg (born 14 March 1942, Warsaw) is a Polish and Dutch computer scientist.
Their primary research areas are natural computing,
formal language and automata theory, graph transformations, and concurrent systems.
 They are referred to as the guru of natural computing, as they were promoting the vision of natural computing as a coherent scientific discipline already in the 1970s, gave this discipline its current name, and defined its scope.
Their research career spans over forty five years.  They are a professor at the Leiden Institute of Advanced Computer Science of Leiden University, The Netherlands and adjoint professor at the Department of Computer Science, University of Colorado at Boulder, USA. Rozenberg is also a performing magician, with the artist name Bolgani and specializing in close-up illusions.  They are the father of well-known Dutch artist Dadara.
Education and career
Rozenberg received their Master and Engineer degrees in computer science from the Warsaw University of Technology in Warsaw, Poland. They obtained a Ph.D in mathematics from the Polish Academy of Sciences also in Warsaw in 1968.
Since then they have held full-time positions at the Polish Academy of Sciences, Warsaw, Poland (assistant professor), Utrecht University, The Netherlands (assistant professor), State University of New York at Buffalo, USA (associate professor), and University of Antwerp (UIA), Belgium (professor). Since 1979 they have been a professor of computer science at Leiden University, The Netherlands and adjoint professor at the Department of Computer Science of University of Colorado at Boulder, USA.
Publications and editorial functions
Rozenberg has authored over 500 papers, 6 books, and (co-)edited over 100 books and special issues of scientific journals.
They were also a (co-)editor of four handbooks: "Handbook of Formal Languages" (3 volumes, Springer-Verlag), "Handbook of Graph Grammars and Computing by Graph Transformation", "Handbook of Membrane Computing" (Oxford University Press), and the "Handbook of Natural Computing" (4 volumes, Springer-Verlag).
 They are on the editorial/advisory board of about 20 journals, and is the editor-in-chief and either the founder or a co-founder of the following journals and book series: International Journal on Natural Computing (Springer-Verlag), Theoretical Computer Science C: Theory of Natural Computing (Elsevier), Monographs in Theoretical Computer Science (Springer-Verlag), Texts in Theoretical Computer Science (Springer-Verlag), and Natural Computing book Series (Springer-Verlag).
Functions in the academic community
G. Rozenberg either founded or co-founded and/or was the Chair of the following conferences: International Conference on Developments in Language Theory, International Conference on Graph Transformation, International Conference on Unconventional Computation, International Conference on Theory and Applications of Petri Nets, and the International Meeting on DNA Computing.
Rozenberg was president of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science from 1985 to 1994 (the longest term in that position) and the editor of the Bulletin of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science from 1980 until 2003.
They also are the president of the International Society for Nanoscale Science, Computation and Engineering, the director of European Molecular Computing Consortium, and the chair of European Educational Forum.
Awards and recognition
G. Rozenberg is a Foreign Member of the Finnish Academy of Sciences and Letters, a member of Academia Europaea, and the holder of Honorary Doctorates of the University of Turku, Finland, the Technical University of Berlin, Germany, the University of Bologna, Italy, the Swedish University Åbo Akademi in Turku, Finland, and the Warsaw University of Technology, Poland. They have received the Distinguished Achievements Award of the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science "in recognition of their outstanding scientific contributions to theoretical computer science".  They are an ISI highly cited researcher.
Several books and special issues of scientific journals have been dedicated to G. Rozenberg.
Also an annual award granted by International Society for Nanoscale Science, Computation, and Engineering was named after G. Rozenberg. It is called Rozenberg Tulip Award and it is awarded for outstanding achievements in the field of Biomolecular Computing and Molecular Programming.
In 2017, Grzegorz Rozenberg has been appointed Knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion.
References
External links
Home page of Grzegorz Rozenberg .
1942 births
Living people
Dutch computer scientists
Leiden University faculty
Members of Academia Europaea
Polish mathematicians
Polish computer scientists
University of Antwerp faculty
Warsaw University of Technology alumni
Members of the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters
Mexico competed at the 2019 Parapan American Games held from August 23 to September 1, 2019 in Lima, Peru. In total athletes representing Mexico won 55 gold medals, 58 silver medals and 45 bronze medals and the country finished 3rd in the medal table.
Athletics
Athletes representing Mexico won 16 gold medals, 16 silver medals and 18 bronze medals.
Boccia
Eduardo Sanchez won the gold medal in the individual BC1 event and Eduardo Ventura won the bronze medal in that event.
Judo
Eduardo Avila won the gold medal in the men's half-middleweight (81 kg) event.
Brayan Valencia won the gold medal in the men's middleweight (90 kg) event.
Lenia Ruvalcaba won the gold medal in the women's middleweight (70 kg) event.
Raul Oritz won a bronze medal in the men's lightweight (73 kg) event.
Table tennis
Table tennis players representing Mexico won three gold medals and three silver medals.
Victor Reyes won the gold medal in the men's singles C2 event.
Miguel Vazquez won the silver medal in the men's singles C9 event.
Maria Sigala won the gold medal in the women's singles C2-3 event.
Martha Verdin won the silver medal in the women's singles C4 event.
Claudia Perez won the gold medal in the women's singles C7 event.
Mexican table tennis players also won the silver medal in the women's team C2-5 event.
Wheelchair basketball
Mexico competed in both the men's tournament and the women's tournament.
References
2019 in Mexican sports
Mexico at the Pan American Games
Nations at the 2019 Parapan American Games
Wings of the Morning is the seventh studio album by Bryn Haworth.
Track listing
"Give Thanks (Psalm 33)"
"Lord I Love Your Word"
"Were You There"
"Let Us Humbly Worship Jesus"
"Make Us Holy"
"Awake O Zion"
"I Found A Love"
"We Give Thanks"
"More Than A Tent"
"He Is Lord"
"Strong Wall"
"What Kind Of Love Is This"
Personnel
Musicians
Bryn Haworth - guitar, vocals
Henry Spinetti - drums
Dave Markee - bass
Pete Wingfield - piano, keyboards
Fran Byrne - drums
Terry "Tex" Comer - bass
Bam King - rhythm guitar
Steve Gregory - saxophone
Production
Produced - Bryn Haworth
Engineered - Paul Cobbold, Dave Charles and Rob Andrews
Mixed - Paul Cobbold
Front cover painting - Robin Clifton
Photography - Tony Neeves
References
External links
Bryn Haworth – Wings Of The Morning at discogs.com
1984 albums
Bryn Haworth albums
Baoding is a prefecture-level city in Hebei, China.
Baoding may also refer to:
Locations in China
Baoding, Chongqing (宝顶), a town in Chongqing, China
Baoding Subdistrict (保定街道), a subdistrict in Sanshan District, Wuhu, Anhui, China
Historical eras
Baoding (寶鼎, 266–269), era name used by Sun Hao, emperor of Eastern Wu
Baoding (保定, 561–565), era name used by Emperor Wu of Northern Zhou
See also
Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County, a county in Hainan whose name is also romanised as Paoting in postal romanization
Baoding balls
Adrian Michael Raftery (born 30 October 1971 in Sydney) is an Australian author, journalist, business person and lecturer. Raftery has written a number of tax reference books and has written finance columns for Woman's Day, Your Investment Property and Your Trading Edge magazines.
Business career
Raftery runs a tax accountancy firm in Melbourne. Previously they ran an accountancy firm in Sydney which they sold to Stature Accounting in 2010.  They are a Fellow of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand, the Institute of Public Accountants and FINSIA and is also a Chartered Tax Adviser.
Academic career
Raftery spent a decade in academia. Following the sale of their Sydney firm, Raftery completed a PhD at the University of Technology, Sydney before moving to Melbourne where they were an associate professor at Deakin University. Raftery was the course director for financial planning and the inaugural director of Professional & Executive Education (Domestic) at the Deakin Business School where a number of their students won national financial planning awards. A LinkedIn post of their lecture where no students attended went viral in 2017. Raftery had a number of scholarly articles published in international and Australian academic journals including one which won the E Yetton Prize for the most outstanding paper published by The Australian Journal of Management during 2018.
Personal life
Raftery married their wife Kylie in 2007 and they have a son (Hamish) and daughter (Zoe), who were both born via altruistic surrogacy. The couple had previously lost a daughter (Sophie) at birth.
Charity work
Raftery is a board member of Bears of Hope Pregnancy & Infant Loss Inc, a non-profit organization which helps to grieve parents following the loss of their child. They have raised in excess of $100,000 for the charity over the years including trekking Kokoda in 2017 and running the 2009 Sydney marathon to help raise funds for the charity to have their own Bear of Hope, which was subsequently named in honour of their daughter Sophie. In the process Adrian was the leading fundraiser for all runners in the marathon.
Football career
After an extensive amateur career in the Sydney AFL competition with Holroyd-Parramatta Blacktown AFC Goannas, Raftery has acted as manager of AFL Sydney representative sides over the past few years. They represented the Australian Masters AFL in six International Rules Test matches against the Irish Masters GAA side between 2006 - 2009 in sides which included a number of former AFL players including John Platten, Shaun Smith and Ronnie Burns.
Raftery played in the 2009 E.J. Whitten Legends Game for the All-Stars as the Play in the Game winner at Ethihad Stadium and kicked a goal.
In 2021, Raftery will become the General Manager of AFL Masters National succeeding Neil King.
Selective bibliography
(2020) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2020-21 edition, Wrightbooks
(2019) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2019-20 edition, Wrightbooks
(2018) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2018-19 edition, Wrightbooks
(2017) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2017-18 edition, Wrightbooks
(2016) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2016-17 edition, Wrightbooks
(2015) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2015-16 edition, Wrightbooks
(2014) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2014-15 edition, Wrightbooks
(2013) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2013-14 edition, Wrightbooks
(2013) Fast Money: Save Money on Your Tax, Wrightbooks
(2012) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally! 2012-13 edition, Wrightbooks
(2011) 101 Ways to Save Money on Your Tax - Legally!, Wrightbooks
References
1971 births
Living people
Writers from Sydney
University of Technology Sydney alumni
Australian accountants
This is a list of Earls (Suo jure or jure uxoris) during the reign of Henry IV of England who reigned from 1399 to 1413.
The period of tenure as Earl is given after the name and title(s) of each individual, including any period of minority.
Earl of Arundel
Thomas Fitzalan, 12th Earl of Arundel, 10th Earl of Surrey (1399–1415)
Earl of Devon
Edward de Courtenay, 3rd Earl of Devon (1377–1419)
Earl of Huntingdon (Fourth creation)
John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter, 1st Earl of Huntingdon (1388–1400)
Earl of Kent (Sixth creation)
Thomas Holland, 1st Duke of Surrey, 3rd Earl of Kent (1397–1400)
Edmund Holland, 4th Earl of Kent (1400–1408)
Earl of March
Edmund Mortimer, 5th Earl of March (1398–1425)
Earl of Norfolk (Third creation)
Thomas de Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, 2nd Earl of Nottingham (1399–1405)
John Mowbray, 2nd Duke of Norfolk, 5th Earl of Norfolk, 3rd Earl of Nottingham (1405–1432)
Earl of Nottingham (Second creation)
Thomas de Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, 2nd Earl of Nottingham (1399–1405)
John Mowbray, 2nd Duke of Norfolk, 5th Earl of Norfolk, 3rd Earl of Nottingham (1405–1432)
Earl of Oxford
Aubrey de Vere, 10th Earl of Oxford (1393–1400)
Richard de Vere, 11th Earl of Oxford (1400–1417)
Earl of Richmond (Second creation restored)
Arthur III, Duke of Brittany, Earl of Richmond (1393–1425)
Earl of Salisbury (Second creation)
John Montagu, 3rd Earl of Salisbury (1397–1400)
Thomas Montagu, 4th Earl of Salisbury (1400–1428)
Earl of Somerset (Second creation)
John Beaufort, 1st Earl of Somerset (1397–1410)
Henry Beaufort, 2nd Earl of Somerset (1410–1418)
Earl of Stafford
Edmund Stafford, 5th Earl of Stafford (1395–1403)
Humphrey Stafford, 1st Duke of Buckingham, 6th Earl of Stafford (1403–1460)
Earl of Suffolk (Third creation)
Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk (1398–1399) (1399–1415)
Earl of Surrey
Thomas Fitzalan, 12th Earl of Arundel, 10th Earl of Surrey (1400–1415)
Earl of Warwick
Thomas Beauchamp, 12th Earl of Warwick (1369–1401)
Richard Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick (1401–1439)
Earl of Westmorland
Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland (1397–1425)
References
Sources
Ellis, Geoffrey. (1963) Earldoms in Fee: A Study in Peerage Law and History. London: The Saint Catherine Press, Limited.
British monarchy-related lists
Henry IV
Henry IV of England
Oescus, Palatiolon or Palatiolum (, ) was an important ancient city on the Danube river in Roman Moesia. It later became known as Ulpia Oescus. It lay northwest of the modern Bulgarian city of Pleven, near the village of Gigen.
For a short time it was linked by the longest and most famous stone bridge across the Danube, Constantine's Bridge, with the ancient city of Sucidava (modern-day Corabia, Romania).
The city seems to have at one point reached a area of 280,000 m2 and a population of 100,000.
Archaeological excavations have brought to light parts of the ancient city and are continuing.
Etymology
The name of the Roman town comes from the river Oescus (today Iskar). It probably meant "water" in the local Thracian dialect.
History
The Greek geographer Claudius Ptolemy (ca. 90–168 AD) described Ulpia Oescus as a city of the Triballi, an independent ancient tribe which inhabited today's northwestern Bulgaria.
Under Roman rule, Oescus began as an important military base and legionary fortress as part of the Danubian Limes. Together with the adjacent settlement, it developed into a city. It was connected to the rest of the Roman empire by three important roads:
linking the Via Egnatia to the Danube: from Heraclea Lyncestis to Ceramiae, Stobi, Astibos, Tranupara, Pautalia, Aelea, Serdica, Oescus.
from Philippopolis to Oescus: Philippopolis ‐ Viamata (Voynyagovo‐"Gorni Stenici") – Sub Radice (Hristo Danovo) – Montemno (Beklemeto‐"Karcovija Buk") – Ad Radices (Beli Osăm/Kamen Most) – Sostra (Lomec) – Melta (Loveč) – Doriones – Storgosia (Pleven) – Ad Putea (Riben) – Oescus
along the Danube: Singidunum (Belgrade) – Viminacium (Costolac) – Ratiaria – Oescus – Novae (Steklen by Svistov) – Durostorum (Silistra) – mouth of the Danube River.
The Roman Legio V Macedonica (Fifth Macedonian Legion) maintained its permanent military fortress intermittently at this site from 10 to 101 AD. In 62 the legion left to take part in the Nero's Parthian War in Armenia and was later sent to the east to fight in the conclusion of the war. It also fought in the Jewish-Roman War in 66–67. After a short stay in Alexandria in Egypt, this legion returned to Oescus in 71. During its absence, the camp in Oescus was probably occupied by cohors IV Gallorum equitata. When the Danube defences were strengthened a second legion (Legio IV Scythica) was also stationed here until 101 AD.
Between 106 and 112 Trajan granted the city the status of a colonia and it received a new name, Colonia Ulpia Oescensium ("Ulpia" after Trajan's middle name, Ulpius). Veterans of the VI Macedonica and the Legio I Italica Legions may have been settled here as shown by archaeology. The city was built on top of the legionary fortress.
In 167, Oescus received the unique additional privilege of being granted all Roman rights.
In 190–191, the city dedicated a pagan temple to the goddess Fortuna, who was designated as protector of the city. There also existed a temple of the Capitoline Triad (Jupiter, Juno and Minerva).
The city's economy included manufacturing of jewellery, bronze statuettes bronze brooches and other metal objects and vessels, glass, ceramics (terra sigillata, red slip pottery and other), metal and bone articles. It was also home to one of the largest sculpture workshops in the region.
After 271, the Legio V Macedonica returned and built a second fortress, called Oescus II. An aqueduct was built to deliver fresh water from springs 20 km away, and a stone wall was constructed to protect the site from invaders and from the Danube floods.
On 5 July 328 emperor Constantine I personally opened and consecrated the Constantines's Bridge, the biggest and most famous stone bridge on the Danube. The crossing linked Oescus with Sucidava to the north and, measuring 2.5 km long (1.3 km over the river) by 5.7 m wide, was the largest river bridge in ancient times. However, the span was only used for about 27 years; it was destroyed during a barbarian invasion in 355.
In 411, the Huns destroyed Oescus, and in 444 an attempt was made to resettle it as a Hun settlement, named Hunion. Emperor Justinian I rebuilt the city's defensive wall, in an attempt to re-establish Oescus as the stronghold of the Danube defense system, but all the efforts were stopped in late 585 and early 586 by the invasion of the Avars.
Middle Ages
A Bulgarian village existed on the site during the 10th–14th centuries.
Archaeology
Oescus is one of the biggest and most continuously studied ancient cities of the Lower Danube. Archaeological excavations began at the site in 1904, carried out by Vaclav Dobruski.
Remains of the legionary fortress's defensive wall are still visible and areas to the east-northeast (Pyasutsite and Prez Livada) show signs of the presence of a necropolis from this period, containing epigraphic monuments of veterans.
The walled city has the shape of an irregular pentagon, with an initial area of 18 hectares; after 271 it was extended easterly with a 10 hectare addition.
In 1948, the mosaic known popularly as "The Achaeans" (3rd century AD) was discovered. It is currently on display, along with many others of the site's artifacts, at the Pleven Regional Historical Museum. Other artifacts from the site, such as a statue of the goddess Fortuna, are on view at the National Archaeological Museum in Sofia.
Archaeological surveys of the eastern extension of Oescus II indicate houses from the Principate period, some of which were quite massive and were decorated with mosaics that could be dated to the time of Septimius Severus.
The ruins indicate the wealth of the city in the Antonine and Severan dynasties. There are a main gate, administrative buildings, a civil basilica, three public baths (thermae), wells, a perfectly preserved road, pagan temples, a necropolis, defensive walls, workshops, and a forum. There also exist ruins of Constantines's Bridge, but they can be seen only from the northern bank of the Danube.
Archaeology is continuing at the site. In 2020 the Aula regia, or great hall, was found to have been exquisitely and elaborately decorated with 14 types of rare multicloured marble. Dating from the 4th century, its date and quality indicate that it may have been built for Constantine's visit to officially open the bridge in 328.
Honours
Oescus Island in Antarctica is named after Oescus.
Gallery
See also
Dacia
Dacian davae
List of ancient cities in Thrace and Dacia
Moesia
Roman Dacia
References
Ancient
Notitia Dignitatum cca 395–413
Modern
Further reading
External links
3D Laser scanning and rendered movie
Moesia Inferior
Dacian towns
Roman towns and cities in Bulgaria
Former populated places in Bulgaria
History of Eastern Romance people
Coloniae (Roman)
Rio Branco Esporte Clube, more commonly referred to as Rio Branco de Americana or simply Rio Branco, is a Brazilian football club based in Americana, São Paulo. The team compete in Campeonato Paulista Segunda Divisão, the fourth tier of the São Paulo state football league.
The club's home colours are white and black and the team mascot is a tiger.
History
On August 4, 1913, the club was founded as Sport Club Arromba. Rio Branco's first board of directors was composed by João Truzzi, who was one of the club's founders, and by 26 other people. In 1917, the club was renamed to Rio Branco Football Club, after the Baron of Rio Branco.
In 1922 and in 1923, the club won the Campeonato Paulista do Interior. During the final years of the 1940s, the club's football section was closed.
In 1961, the club's name was translated to the Portuguese language, becoming Rio Branco Futebol Clube. In April, 1979, Rio Branco and another local team, called Americana Esporte Clube, fused, and the club's football section was reactivated.
In 1990, the club was the runner-up of the Campeonato Paulista Second Division, being promoted to the following year's first division. In 1993, Rio Branco finished in the sixth place of Campeonato Paulista, only behind the bigger teams. In 2001, the club finished in the sixth place of Campeonato Paulista again, and almost went to the semifinals. One year after, without the bigger teams of the state, the 'Tiger' obtained the 3rd place of Campeonato Paulista.
Rio Branco Esporte Clube stayed for seventeen years in the first division of Campeonato Paulista. But in 2007, the team was relegated to the second division (Série A-2), after losing two out of the last three games, the club was defeated by São Bento and Rio Claro but beat São Caetano.
Achievements
Campeonato Paulista Série A2:
Winners (2): 1922, 1923
Campeonato Paulista Série A3:
Winners (1): 2012
Stadium
They currently play in their home stadium, the Estádio Décio Vitta, which has a maximum capacity of 16,000 people.
Colors
The club's official colors are black and white. Rio Branco's home kit is composed of a white shirt, black shorts and black socks.
Anthem
The club's anthem was composed by Oséas Sass (both the song and the lyrics).
Mascot
Rio Branco's mascot is a tiger, who wears the club's home kit.
External links
Official website
Arquivo de Clubes
Association football clubs established in 1913
Football clubs in São Paulo (state)
1913 establishments in Brazil
Hossam Arafat Abdalla Hassan () (born on 18 January 1990) is an Egyptian footballer. They currently play for the Egyptian Premier League side Wadi Degla.
Professional career
Early career
Arafat started their career at El Mansoura before moving to El Zamalek.
International career
Arafat currently plays for the Egyptian U-20 national youth team. They led the attacking midfield line in the 2009 FIFA U-20 World Cup that was hosted by Egypt from September 25 to October 16.
References
Egyptian footballers
1990 births
Living people
People from Mansoura, Egypt
Zamalek SC players
Egyptian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Genetic studies show that Russians are closest to Estonians, Latvians, Lithuanians, Belarusians, Ukrainians and other Slavs.
Y-DNA
Eight Y chromosome haplogroup subclades, including R1a, N3, I1b, R1b, I1a, J2, N2, and E3b all together, account for >95% of the total Russian Y chromosomal pool. Of the 1228 samples, 11/1228 (0.9%) were classified up to the root level of haplogroups F and K. Only 9/1228 samples (0.7%) fell into haplogroups C, Q, and R2 which are specific to East and South Asian populations.
The top four Y-DNA haplogroups among the sample of 1228 Russians are:
Haplogroup R1a (Y-DNA) – with an average of 53.4%
Haplogroup I (Y-DNA) – with an average of 23.5% (Central and South Russia)
Haplogroup N (Y-DNA) with an average of 17.3%
Haplogroup R1b (Y-DNA) – with an average of 5.8%
Eight Y chromosome haplogroup subclades, including R1a, N3, I1b, R1b, I1a, J2, N2, and E3b all together, account for >95% of the total Russian Y chromosomal pool. Of the 1228 samples, 11/1228 (0.9%) were classified up to the root level of haplogroups F and K. Only 9/1228 samples (0.7%) fell into haplogroups C, Q, and R2 which are specific to East and South Asian populations.
mtDNA
The mitochondrial gene pool of Russians are represented by mtDNA types belonging to typical West Eurasian groups. East Eurasian admixture was shown to be minimal and existed in low frequencies in the form of Haplogroup M. The same studies indicate West Eurasian haplogroups present at a frequency of 97.8% and 98.5% among a sample of 325 and 201 Russians respectively.
Autosomal DNA
Autosomally, Russians are most similar to populations in Eastern Europe followed by other West-Eurasian groups.
See also
Demographics of Russia
Genetic history of Europe
References
Russians
Russian studies
Russian genealogy
Russians
Party is a 1996 Portuguese-French comedy-drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It was screened in competition at the 1996 Venice Film Festival.
Cast
Michel Piccoli as Michel
Irene Papas as Irene
Leonor Silveira as Leonor
Rogério Samora as Rogério
Sofia Alves as Rapariga
Awards
Golden Globes (Portugal)
Best Director
References
External links
1996 films
1990s Portuguese-language films
1990s French-language films
1996 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
French multilingual films
Portuguese multilingual films
1990s French films
Kenneth Wayne Trinkle (December 15, 1919 – May 10, 1976) was an American professional baseball player, a relief pitcher, in Major League Baseball. They played with the New York Giants from 1943–48, and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1949. As a relief specialist in Major League Baseball, they led the National League in appearances in 1946 and 1947. They threw and batted right-handed during their baseball career.
Career
Baseball
Ken Trinkle signed a professional contract to play with the Thomasville Dodgers Minor League Baseball team in 1939 after playing baseball as a pitcher in high-school. As a Minor League Baseball player, Trinkle played baseball in the Baltimore Orioles organization of the International League from 1940 to 1942, and was 15–11 during their last year with the Orioles before being purchased by the New York Giants.
Trinkle made their major league debut with the New York Giants on April 25, 1943, at age 23. They made 11 appearances with the Giants. Despite a respectable 3.74 earned run average (ERA), they went 1–5 when they got farmed out to Jersey City, New Jersey.
Military service
On September 18, 1943, Trinkle entered military service with the United States Army during World War II. In 1944, they were stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas, where they played with the Fort Riley baseball team. They played alongside Pete Reiser, Harry Walker, Joe Gantenbein, Al Brazle, Murry Dickson and Joe Garagiola.
Trinkle, Dickson and Gantenbein were later shipped to France. They eventually had been separated upon arrival. Trinkle went to the replacement center and served for the 9th Armored Division military unit. They fought during the Battle of the Bulge and was awarded a Bronze Star for their service. "I was a scout in a reconnaissance outfit", they told The Sporting News on June 4, 1947. "We would go out in front of the infantry to report if anything was there. If you didn't come back, they knew there was something out there."
After the German surrender in May 1945, Trinkle teamed up with Ralph Houk for the 9th Armored Division baseball team. They made it to the play-offs of the 1945 ETO World Series. Another teammate was a Minor League Baseball player, Ed Musial, who was Stan's younger brother. After the cease of hostilities in Europe, Trinkle played for the 71st Infantry Division Red Circlers baseball team. The team featured players such as Ewell Blackwell, Ancil Moore, Johnny Wyrostek, Garland Lawing, Russ Kern, Milt Ticco, Herb Bremer and Bill Ayers. The team eventually lost the World Series.
Post-military service
By November 1945, Trinkle was back playing with the New York Giants. They made a league-leading 48 appearances for the Giants in 1946, and in 1947, they again led the National League in appearances with 62, finishing 38 of those games. On June 11, 1947, future Baseball Hall of Famer, Mel Ott made their last appearance as a player when they pinch hit for Trinkle in the New York Giants' 8–7 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates when they popped the ball to shortstop. They made a further 53 appearances in 1948, but Trinkle was purchased by the Philadelphia Phillies on December 14. In 1949, their only season with Philadelphia and their last in Major League Baseball, Trinkle pitched in 42 games and recorded their highest major league earned run average (ERA) at 4.00. Trinkle pitched for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League in 1950, and was back with Baltimore for the 1951 and 1952 baseball seasons.
Trinkle died on May 10, 1976, in their hometown of Paoli, Indiana at age 56.
References
External links
Ken Trinkle at Baseball-Almanac
Ken Trinkle at Sportspool.com
1919 births
1976 deaths
Baseball players from Indiana
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Phillies players
New York Giants (NL) players
People from Paoli, Indiana
United States Army personnel of World War II
Taylor Webster (October 1, 1800 – April 27, 1876) was an American newspaperman and politician who served three terms as a United States Representative from Ohio's 2nd congressional district from 1833 to 1839.
Biography
Born in Pennsylvania, Webster moved with their parents to Ohio in 1806, where they received a limited schooling. They briefly attended Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. They were editor and publisher of The Western Telegraph in Hamilton, Ohio, from 1828 to 1836. They served as clerk of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1829 and as a member of that body from 1831 to 1832.
Congress
Webster was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Congresses and as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1833 – March 3, 1839). From 1842 to 1846, they were clerked of court of Butler County, Ohio. Thereafter they resumed their business pursuits.
Later career and death
In 1863, they relocated to New Orleans, Louisiana, to work in a clerical position and died there fourteen years later.  They are interred at Lafayette Cemetery No. 1 in New Orleans.
Sources
1800 births
1876 deaths
People from Pennsylvania
People from Butler County, Ohio
19th-century American newspaper editors
Miami University alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Politicians from New Orleans
Louisiana Democrats
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American male journalists
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Louisiana
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Tai Tei Tong () is a village of Mui Wo, on Lantau Island, Hong Kong.
Administration
Tai Tei Tong is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Tai Tei Tong (Mui Wo) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Mui Wo
Bad Saarow station is a railway station in the municipality of Bad Saarow in the district Oder-Spree of Brandenburg. It is served by the line .
References
Railway stations in Brandenburg
Buildings and structures in Oder-Spree
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1911
1911 establishments in Prussia
The Kannada Vaishya in Uttara Kannada (India) are a small sect of people. They are mainly found in Ankola and Karwar taluks of the district.
Their ancestors came from Goa and follow Konkan traditions. They are different from other Vaishyas like Arya Vaishya, Bunt Shetty, Balija Vaishya and Baniya Vaishya's from UP and Bihar.Some are engaged in small business like preparation of beaten rice, its sale, etc. Many of them are agriculturists. Some are engaged in hotel business. They speak Konkani and Kannada languages along with Marathi in Belgaum. They worship Mahalakshmi, Mahalsa, Arya Durga and Ramanatha. They revere Banta Deva of Amdalli of Karwar Taluk. The dead are cremated. Divorce and widow marriages are not prevalent among them.
References
Gazetteer of India, Published by Government of Karnataka, in the volume on Uttara Kannada District,1985
Ethnic groups in India
Social groups of Karnataka
Bania communities
A curtain tie-back is a decorative window treatment which accompanies a cloth curtain. Within the field of interior decoration, tie-backs made of fabric are classified as a kind of "soft furnishing" (along with other fabric-based décor such as pillows, valances, towels, blankets, mattresses, bed skirts, bedspreads, jabots, and shower and window curtains) while those made out of wood, metal, or glass are considered "window hardware" (along with curtain rods, cornices, latches, hinges, push bars, and handles).
Soft furnishing
A simple rope or braid used to secure a curtain to one side of a window is a basic curtain tie-back. Other more elaborate soft furnishing curtain tie-backs usually fall into one of the following categories.
Structured tie-back
A structured tie-back consists of a single short U-shaped strip of fabric held flat by a piece of interfacing. A ring (often metal, sometimes wood or plastic) is placed at each end of the strip, and the strip is looped around the curtain to hold it in the open position. Both rings are then hung on a peg or hook on a nearby frame or wall.
Decorative ruched tie-back
A ruched tie-back consists of a roll of interfacing covered with a gathered tube of fabric. Like the structured tie-back, a ring is attached at both ends and the tie-back is secured around the window in the same way.
Tassel tie-back
Tassels are among the most common form of soft furnishing tie-backs. A tassel tie-back may consist of a single or paired set of tassels connected to a rope or braid with either one or two loops. These loops are secured around the curtain in the same way as the other soft furnishing tie-backs, or the loops may be tied to each other in a loose knot. Depending on the length of the cord, the number of loops, and the number of tassels, several other arrangements are also possible, including some where a tassel is run through a loop or where the curtain is hung inside the loop and the loop are cinched into place by a large bead or a slip knot. The length of rope beyond the cinch bead is referred to as the embrace and must be long enough to comfortably but securely hold the curtain. Too long an embrace and the curtain hangs too much in the window, blocking the view. Too short, and the curtain appears bunched up when secured.
Pendulum tie-back
Almost a variety of tassel tie-back, the pendulum tie-back consists of one or two large handing decorative pendulums attached to ropes which loop around the curtain.
Window hardware
Hardware forms, often called drapery hooks or curtain hooks, are usually U-shaped pieces of metal, sometimes highly decorative, though other materials such as antler might be used. One leg of the "U" is fixed to the wall and the curtain are pulled over the other leg to secure it. Other forms of hardware tie-backs include the following:
Curtain bind
In its most-basic form, a drape or curtain bind often consists of a ring and a pin: the curtain is "bound" inside the ring by the placement of the pin behind it, holding the curtain in the center of the window rather than along its edge as with most tie-backs. Alternatively, a double-slotted piece of wood or plastic resembling a figure-8 can be used to the same effect. This arrangement is only possible with very brief or sheer curtains.
Knob
A curtain knob consists of a decorative metal or wooden knob projecting directly out from the wall next to the curtain. The width of the knob serves to hold the curtain from spilling back into the window.
References
Interior design
Windows
There were two American Jewish organizations colloquially known as the Farband: the Communist-oriented Yidisher Kultur Farband (Jewish Culture Association) and the Labor Zionist-oriented Yidish Natsionaler Arbeter Farband (Jewish National Workers Alliance).
Yidisher Kultur Farband
YKUF / Jewish Culture Association /
The Yidisher kultur-farband (YKUF, rarely called by its English [translated] name, the Jewish Culture Association) was a U.S. association, initially Communist-oriented, formed for preserving and developing Yiddish culture in Yiddish and in English, through an art section, a writers' group, reading circles, and publications. YKUF was founded in Paris in September 1937 by Jewish Communists and their supporters as an international body to disseminate ideology to the Yiddish-reading and Yiddish-speaking community.
The organizing meeting was an international congress of Yiddish culture, the first to be held since the 1908 Czernowitz Conference for the Yiddish Language; about 100 delegates attended, including 11 from the United States. The first chairperson of YKUF was the non-Communist writer Alexander Mukdoni; the secretary (to 1957) was the poet Zishe Weinper, an efficient fundraiser for YKUF and, according to Melech Epstein, a "secret member of the Communist Party." In the U.S., financial support also came from the Jewish People's Fraternal Order, the Jewish section of the International Workers Order. At the time of the non-aggression pact between Joseph Stalin and Adolf Hitler in August 1939, many of the non-Communist artists and writers affiliated with YKUF left the organization.
Branches of the international YKUF were established in various countries. The U.S. branch, founded in 1937, ceased operation soon after the death of Itche Goldberg on December 27, 2006.
Prominent cultural figures, such as Kalman Marmor and Nachman Meisel, saw to it that Farlag YKUF, the organization's New York-based publishing house, issued highly regarded anthologies and studies of Yiddish literature. It published more than 250 books, including Yiddish fiction and poetry, memoirs (by Reuben Brainin, among others), history, and anthologies such as America in Yiddish Literature (1961). The U.S. YKUF began publishing the journal Yidishe Kultur in 1938, initially a monthly, in recent decades it appeared bimonthly or seven times a year. Meisel, who was not a Communist Party member and had edited a Polish literary magazine, became its first editor; in 1964, they were succeeded by Itche Goldberg, who edited it since that time to 2004. With Goldberg's death, the magazine ceased publication.
The political roots of YKUF were more of historical note than ideological tendency in its last decades. In the mid-1990s, contact and rapprochement developed between YKUF and its historically socialist counterpart organization, the Congress for Jewish Culture, also based in New York, as well as the Congress's publication, Zukunft ("Future"). They subsequently cooperated in such activities as commemorations of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, and memorials for the Soviet-Yiddish writers murdered in August 1952 in Moscow 's Lubyanka prison.
Yidish Natsionaler Arbeter Farband
Jewish National Workers Alliance /
The Yidish Natsionaler Arbeter Farband or Jewish National Workers Alliance (NJWA) was an early Yiddish-speaking Labor Zionist landsmanshaft in North America, founded in 1912. Its official organ was the Yidishe Kempfer or Jewish Fighter, edited by Baruch Zuckerman. The Farband operated as a mutual aid society parallel to the political party Poale Zion, organizing cooperative insurance and medical plans and an extensive Yiddish and Hebrew educational system, as well as having developed in the 1920s a cooperative housing building in the Bronx, New York. The Farband even developed and maintained cemeteries for movement members. While mainly based in New York, the Farband was active throughout the United States and Canada, forming local chapters and summer camps in many cities with significant Jewish communities. The summer camp for the New York chapter was called Camp Kinderwelt, located in Upstate New York, and had an adjoining adults camp called Unser Camp. The Farband ran a network of secular schools in the US and Canada, called Folkshulen. In 1931 the Farband Yugnt Clubs, their youth wing, joined with Young Poale Zion to form the Young Poale Zion Alliance as the official youth wing of the entire Labor Zionist movement in America.
The Los Angeles branch published Chaim Grade, including the Yiddish originals of The Agunah and The Yeshiva.
In 1971, the Farband joined with Poale Zion, the Labor Zionist Organization of America, and the American Habonim Association to form the Labor Zionist Alliance, which in 2004 re-branded and renamed itself as Ameinu.
See also
The Workmen's Circle/Arbeter Ring
International Workers Order
Habonim Dror
References
External links
"Farband" in JewishVirtualLibrary
"First Steps (1911-1929)" by Moshe Cohen in Arise and Build: The Story of American Habonim
Jew vs. Jew: The Struggle for the Soul of American Jewry by Samuel G. Freedman.
Museum of the City of New York''
The Labor Zionist Alliance in Canada
Zionist organizations
Jewish socialism
Jewish community organizations
Jewish clubs and societies
Insurance companies of the United States
Jewish educational organizations
Jews and Judaism in New York City
Yiddish culture in New York City
Companies based in New York City
Ethnic fraternal orders in the United States
Labor Zionism
Zionism in the United States
Socialist organizations in the United States
Organizations established in 1937
Organizations established in 1912
1937 establishments in the United States
1912 establishments in the United States
Sunset Pass may refer to:
Sunset Pass, a Western novel by Zane Grey, initially serialized in 1928, and its film adaptations:
Sunset Pass (1929 film), a lost film
Sunset Pass (1933 film), starring Randolph Scott
Sunset Pass (1946 film)
Sunset Pass (Arizona), Coconino County, Arizona, United States
Battle of Sunset Pass, fought in November 1874 during the Yavapai War
Sunset Pass (Alberta), Canada - see List of passes of the Rocky Mountains
Joachim Remak (1920 Berlin – Santa Barbara, Cal., 2001) was a historian of Modern Europe, especially of Germany and World War I.
Born in Berlin, Germany, they fled Nazi Germany in 1938 for the United States. They earned their B.A. and M.A. in history at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1942 and 1946. They worked for the State Department in Germany and the United Kingdom and then returned to the United States for doctoral study and earned their Ph.D. in history at Stanford University in 1955; their dissertation dealt with "Germany and the United States, 1933–1939." They married Roberta Anne Remak (a 1946 graduate of Stanford) in 1948.
They taught at Stanford as an Instructor for three years and then took up a tenure-track position in the History Department at Lewis and Clark College in Portland, Oregon, in 1958. They gained tenure there and served as Department Chair before being called to the growing History Department at the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1965. The next year they were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. A popular classroom lecturer as well as a prolific scholar, Joe Remak was promoted to Full Professor and served as Department Chair at the University of California, Santa Barbara, from 1977 to 1984.
They published their first book, Sarajevo, the Story of a Political Murder (Criterion Books), in 1959 (and the book won the Borden Award from Stanford University's Hoover Institution in 1960). Theirs published their next book, The Gentle Critic: Theodor Fontane and German Politics, 1848–1898 (Syracuse University Press), in 1964. Their article “The Healthy Invalid: How Doomed the Habsburg Empire?” which appeared in The Journal of Modern History 41 (1969): 127-143 won the American Historical Association's Higby Prize. Their article "1914—The Third Balkan War: Origins Reconsidered," The Journal of Modern History 43 (1971): 353–366, offered a revisionist historiographic analysis of the origins of World War I. Remak also published several textbooks, including: The Origins of World War I, 1871–1914 (Holt, Rinehart, and Wilson, 1967), The Nazi Years: A Documentary History (Simon and Schuster, 1969), The First World War: Causes, Conduct, Consequences (J. Wiley & Sons, 1971), and The Origins of the Second World War (Prentice Hall, 1976).
Remak edited War, Revolution and Peace (University Press of America, 1987) and co-edited Another Germany: A Reconsideration of the Imperial Era (Westview Press, 1988). Their last book was entitled A Very Civil War (Westview Press, 1992) and analyzed the Swiss Sonderbund War of 1847.
Professor Remak died on June 16, 2001.
Publications
Sarajevo, the Story of a Political Murder (Criterion Books, 1959).
The Gentle Critic: Theodor Fontane and German Politics, 1848–1898 (Syracuse University Press, 1964).
“The Healthy Invalid: How Doomed the Habsburg Empire?” The Journal of Modern History 41 (1969): 127–143.
"1914—The Third Balkan War: Origins Reconsidered," The Journal of Modern History 43 (1971): 353–366.
The Origins of World War I, 1871-1914 (Holt, Rinehart, and Wilson, 1967).
(ed.), The Nazi Years: A Documentary History (Simon and Schuster, 1969).
The First World War: Causes, Conduct, Consequences (J. Wiley & Sons, 1971).
The Origins of the Second World War (Prentice Hall, 1976).
(ed.), War, Revolution and Peace (University Press of America, 1987).
(co-edited with Jack Dukes), Another Germany: A Reconsideration of the Imperial Era (Westview Press, 1988).
A Very Civil War (Westview Press, 1992).
Further reading
Andreas W. Daum, "Refugees from Nazi Germany as Historians: Origins and Migrations, Interests and Identities," in Daum, Hartmut Lehmann, James J. Sheehan (eds.), The Second Generation: Émigrés from Nazi Germany as Historians. With a Biobibliographic Guide. New York: Berghahn Books, 2016, , 1‒52.
References
1920 births
2001 deaths
Writers from Berlin
University of California, Berkeley alumni
20th-century American historians
20th-century American male writers
Stanford University alumni
American male non-fiction writers
German emigrants to the United States
Quesada is a district of the San Carlos canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica. It is the head city of the canton of San Carlos. Although Ciudad Quesada is the official name, it is commonly referred to by the area name of San Carlos. Ciudad Quesada is also the most populous city in the canton of San Carlos.
The city is the economic and political center of the region, especially for the agricultural and dairy industries. The Quesada district and its surrounding areas produce about 65% of all milk in Costa Rica.
Geography
Quesada has an area of km2 and an elevation of metres. It is located at the foot of the Cordillera Central (Central Mountain Range) on the southern edge of the San Carlos Plain, an expansive lowland that forms a major part of the Caribbean slope in northern Costa Rica. It is 79 km northwest of the provincial capital city of Alajuela and 90.9 km from the national capital city of San José.
History
The city was first called La Unión, which was later changed to Villa Quesada. Villa Quesada was granted the title of "Ciudad" (City) by law on July 8, 1953.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Quesada had a population of inhabitants.
Transportation
Road transportation
The district is covered by the following road routes:
National Route 140
National Route 141
National Route 748
Economy
The city is a major commercial center for ranching and agricultural enterprises in the surrounding area. It is known for its leather goods, as well as for its dairy production. The city harbours some important manufacturing plants related to the agribusiness sector.
This city harbors facilities of Costa Rica's largest dairy cooperative in order to produce cheese and powder milk. It also has a R&D center operating in the same facilities Dos Pinos.
Tourism
There are several hot springs in the area, some of which have developed into resorts, attracting Costa Ricans and foreign tourists.
Nearby places of interest
Zoológico La Marina is a private nonprofit zoo operated by the Alfaro family on five hectares of their cattle ranch. There are more than 450 species of animals and birds on display, most of which were confiscated by the government from illegal private ownership. The facility also maintains a successful breeding program of tapirs, an increasingly endangered species. It is 11 kilometers northeast of Ciudad Quesada on the road to Aguas Zarcas.
Sports
The town's football club is A.D. San Carlos, who have spent over 25 years in the Costa Rican Primera División. They play their home games at the Estadio Carlos Ugalde Álvarez.
See also
Canton of San Carlos
District of Florencia
District of Buenavista
District of Aguas Zarcas
District of Venecia
District of Pital
District of La Fortuna
District of La Tigra
District of La Palmera
District of Venado
District of Cutris
District of Monterrey
District of Pocosol
List of districts of Costa Rica
References
External links
Districts of Alajuela Province
Populated places in Alajuela Province
Albert Clark Wedge (August 18m 1834 – October 23, 1911) was an American physician and politician.
Wedge was born in Denmark, Lewis County, New York. They went to the Wisconsin public schools and then went to Ripon College, in Ripon, Wisconsin, in 1854. In 1857, Wedge received their medical degree from Cleveland Medical College. They moved to Albert Lea, Minnesota with their wife and family and practiced medicine in Albert Lea. Wedge served in the 3rd Minnesota Infantry Regiment during the American Civil War. Wedge served as mayor of Albert Lew and was a Republican. They then served in the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1870 and 19771 and in the Minnesota Senate from 1879 to 1881.
References
1834 births
1911 deaths
People from Albert Lea, Minnesota
People from Lewis County, New York
People of Minnesota in the American Civil War
Case Western Reserve University alumni
Ripon College (Wisconsin) alumni
Physicians from Minnesota
Minnesota Republicans
Mayors of places in Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Minnesota state senators
Age of Innocence, also known as Ragtime Summer, is a 1977 Canadian-British film directed by Alan Bridges and starring David Warner, Honor Blackman and Trudy Young. It is not based on the novel, The Age of Innocence.
Production
Filmed on 35 mm in July and August 1976. Filming locations included Lang Pioneer Village Museum, Burleigh Falls, Lakefield College School, and Lakefield, Ontario.
Plot
In 1921 Canada, a young British man, Henry Buchanan, is a teacher at a local boys' school but their pacifist views, and their record as a conscientious objector during World War I, stir up controversy.
Cast
David Warner as Henry Buchanan
Honor Blackman as Mrs. Boswell
Trudy Young as Clarissa
Lois Maxwell as Mrs. Hogarth
Cec Linder as Dr. Hogarth
Reception
In Directors in British and Irish Cinema: A Reference Companion (2006), Robert Murphy said that the film explored romantic sensibility and sexual repression.
References
External links
1977 drama films
British drama films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Films set in 1919
Films set in Ontario
Films shot in Ontario
Films directed by Alan Bridges
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
1970s British films
Carolina Charlotta Mariana von Düben, commonly known as Lotten von Düben (née von Bahr; November 23, 1828 – December 25, 1915) was an early Swedish amateur photographer and a pioneering reportage and documentary photographer, who is remembered for their images of the Sami people.
Biography
Born on 23 November 1828 in Söderby in Uppsala Municipality, von Düben was the daughter of Major Robert von Bahr and Eva Carolina Åkerhielm af Margretelund. In 1857, they married Baron Gustaf von Düben, a doctor of medicine and professor of pathological anatomy at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm who from 1868 began to compile a catalogue of Lapp skulls. It was illustrated with photographs taken by Lotten von Düben, probably based on the approach adopted by Carl Curman who had a photographic studio in the building where the couple lived.
On 3 July 1868, the von Dübens left Stockholm by ship on the first expedition to Lapland, along with the assistant G. H. Santesson and the cook Johanna Björklund, undertaking a study of the Sami people. They took with them all the heavy photographic equipment they needed to produce iodinated collodion negatives. Using a stereo camera, Lotten von Dühen photographed the Samis first from the front, then in profile. In 1871, they returned to the area, this time with two cameras. To document their findings, in 1873 Gustaf von Düben published Om Lappland och Lapparne, företrädesvis de Svenske: Ethnografiska Studier af Gustaf von Düben which was illustrated with their wife's photographs.
Von Düben also took many landscape photographs of the Swedish mountains and waterfalls during their trips to Lapland. Unlike their contemporaries, they photographed the scenery to provide a record for themselves rather than to sell the images. Taken in the open air rather than in a studio, their portraits show the Sami in their natural environment. Together with the work of Bertha Valerius and Rosalie Sjöman, von Düben's photographs constitute an important chapter in the history of Swedish photography.
Gallery of photographs
The photographs below are all portraits of Sami people taken by Lotten von Düden:
References
Works cited
Further reading
1828 births
1915 deaths
19th-century Swedish photographers
Swedish women photographers
People from Upplands Väsby Municipality
19th-century women photographers
Lotten
Swedish baronesses
Corcoran station is an Amtrak train station in Corcoran, California, United States.
History
Corcoran was made a scheduled stop on the Amtrak San Joaquin on July 29, 1989.
The current station building, opened in 1999, replaced a former Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway depot from 1907 that was demolished in 1998. It exhibits Spanish Revival style architecture that includes decorative curvilinear gables and stuccoed walls. The depot is decorated with a large bas-relief called “Life of the Valley" depicting the importance of water to the residents, agriculture, and wildlife of the San Joaquin Valley. Artist Garrett Masterson completed it with the help of their students at the nearby Corcoran State Prison.
References
External links
Amtrak - Corcoran, CA (COC)
Trainweb USArail: Corcoran, CA
Amtrak - Great American Stations: Corcoran, CA (COC)
Amtrak stations in California
Corcoran, California
Railway stations in Kings County, California
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1999
1999 establishments in California
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1907
Maximiliano Ezequiel Cabaña (born 4 March 1999) is an Argentine footballer currently playing as a midfielder for OTP.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
1999 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Ettan Fotboll players
Czech National Football League players
FK Viktoria Žižkov players
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Kristianstad FC players
People from Ituzaingó, Corrientes
Sportspeople from Corrientes Province
Sean Lemmens (born 2 November 1994) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League.  They are of Indigenous Australian heritage.
Early career
Lemmens was born into a family of Indigenous Australian descent (Tiwi). They began playing junior football for the Salisbury Football Club and moved to the Port Adelaide Magpies. They progressed their way through the junior ranks at Port Adelaide before solidifying a reserves spot in the 2013. They debuted for the Magpies senior team in the final round of the 2013 SANFL season. They were also selected to represent South Australia in the 2013 AFL Under 18 Championships, where they were noticed by Gold Coast defensive coach, Dean Solomon.
Leading into the 2013 AFL Draft, Lemmens was considered by some to be a rookie chance at best. They were drafted with the 27th pick in the 2013 National Draft by the Gold Coast Suns.
AFL career
Lemmens made their senior debut for the Suns against Richmond Tigers in Round 1 of the 2014 season.
Statistics
Statistics are correct to the end of round 3, 2022
|-
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 40 || 18 || 3 || 0 || 145 || 90 || 235 || 40 || 41 || 0.2 || 0.0 || 8.1 || 5.0 || 13.1 || 2.2 || 2.3
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2015
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 40 || 18 || 3 || 4 || 102 || 89 || 191 || 51 || 52 || 0.2 || 0.2 || 5.7 || 4.9 || 10.6 || 2.8 || 2.9
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2016
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 13 || 1 || 2 || 93 || 76 || 169 || 43 || 30 || 0.1 || 0.2 || 7.2 || 5.8 || 13.0 || 3.3 || 2.3
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 20 || 9 || 13 || 124 || 122 || 246 || 48 || 60 || 0.5 || 0.7 || 6.2 || 6.1 || 12.3 || 2.4 || 3.0
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2018
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 10 || 1 || 7 || 65 || 48 || 113 || 22 || 37 || 0.1 || 0.7 || 6.5 || 4.8 || 11.3 || 2.2 || 3.7
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 8 || 4 || 1 || 55 || 29 || 84 || 15 || 36 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 6.9 || 3.6 || 10.5 || 1.9 || 4.5
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2020
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 6 || 4 || 0 || 29 || 19 || 48 || 7 || 9 || 0.7 || 0.0 || 4.8 || 3.2 || 8.0 || 1.2 || 1.5
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2021
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 21 || 0 || 0 || 196 || 72 || 268 || 76 || 44 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 9.3 || 3.4 || 12.8 || 3.6 || 2.1
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2022
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 23 || 3 || 0 || 0 || 20 || 12 || 32 || 9 || 5 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 6.7 || 4.0 || 10.7 || 3.0 || 1.7
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 117
! 25
! 27
! 829
! 557
! 1386
! 311
! 314
! 0.2
! 0.2
! 7.1
! 4.8
! 11.8
! 2.7
! 2.7
|}
Notes
Personal life
Lemmens' partner is Gold Coast teammate Izak Rankine's cousin and Lemmens' daughter is Rankine's second niece.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Gold Coast Football Club players
Port Adelaide Football Club (SANFL) players
Port Adelaide Football Club players (all competitions)
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
Tiwi Islands people
The 2005 season was Santos Futebol Clube's ninety-third season in existence and the club's forty-sixth consecutive season in the top flight of Brazilian football.
In July, Spanish giants Real Madrid signed Robinho by agreeing to pay a fee equal to 60 percent of the buyout clause in their contract belonging to Santos (€24). After the sold, the club didn't keep the great results of the last years, and they ended in the 10th position in Campeonato Brasileiro.
Players
Squad information
Appearances and goals
Transfers
In
Out
Competitions
Overview
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size:95%; text-align:center"
!Competition!!Started round!!Final position / round!!First match!!Last match
|- bgcolor="#EEEEEE"
| Campeonato Brasileiro||First stage||10th||24 April||4 December
|-
| Campeonato Paulista||First stage||3rd||20 January||14 April
|- bgcolor="#EEEEEE"
| Copa Libertadores||Group stage||Quarterfinals||16 February||15 June
|- bgcolor="#FFFFFF"
| Copa Sudamericana||First stage||First stage||17 August||31 August
|- bgcolor="#EEEEEE"
Detailed overall summary
Campeonato Brasileiro
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Campeonato Paulista
League table
Results summary
Matches
Copa Libertadores
Group stage
Knockout stage
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Copa Sudamericana
First round
References
External links
Official Site
2005
Santos F.C.
George Leroy Converse (June 4, 1827 – March 30, 1897) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio, representing three different districts from 1879 to 1885.
Life and career
Born in Georgesville, Ohio, Converse attended the common schools and Ohio Central College, and was graduated from Denison University, Granville, Ohio, in 1849. They studied law. They were admitted to the bar in 1851 and commenced practice in Columbus, Ohio, in 1852.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Franklin County in 1857.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1860-1863 and 1874–1876 and speaker of the house in 1874.
They served as member of the State senate in 1864 and 1865.
Congress
Converse was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-sixth, Forty-seventh, and Forty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1879 – March 3, 1885).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Public Lands (Forty-sixth Congress).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1884 to the Forty-ninth Congress.
They resumed the practice of law and served as delegate to the Nicaraguan Canal Convention in 1892, and made chairperson of this and the subsequent convention held in New Orleans.
Death
They died in Columbus, Ohio, March 30, 1897. They were interred in Green Lawn Cemetery there.
Sources
1827 births
1897 deaths
People from Franklin County, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Ohio state senators
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
Denison University alumni
Ohio Central College alumni
Burials at Green Lawn Cemetery (Columbus, Ohio)
19th-century American politicians
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
The Saint John street railway strike of 1914 (sometimes called the Saint John street railwaymen's strike) was a strike by workers on the street railway system in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, which lasted from 22–24 July 1914, with rioting by Saint John inhabitants occurring on 23 and 24 July. The strike shattered the image of Saint John as a conservative town dominated primarily by ethnic and religious (rather than class) divisions, and highlighting tensions between railway industrialists and the local working population.
Background
Political climate
The strike and subsequent riot followed in a tradition of mass militant activity which preceded it by decades. Ethno-religious conflict, embodied by struggles between Orangemen and Irish Catholics, began in the 1840s and involved repeated episodes of violence and intimidation, with Orangemen conducting armed marches through Irish neighbourhoods for decades. This conflict strengthened ethnic and religious allegiances, especially between Protestant workers and their Protestant employers.
Warning shocks of the conflict to come were indicated by repeated episodes of crowd violence starting in the early 1900s, often revolving around holidays such as New Year's Eve, which would set a tone of decisive mass action on the part of ordinary people living in Saint John.
Street railway
Starting in 1866, public transit consisted of horse-drawn cars which mostly funneled traffic from the ocean to ferries on the Saint John River. The electric trolley system in Saint John made its debut in 1893 and the fledgling St. John Railway Company was quickly bought by a Montréal-based consortium which included the railway magnates W.C. Van Horne, Richard B. Angus, and Thomas G. Shaughnessy, only a year after the Canadian Pacific "Short Line" had connected Montréal to Saint John; they invested the then-substantial sum of $92,000 into the project, seen also as an investment in Saint John as a major Maritime winter port.
Positive public opinion on the trolley system quickly soured, with citizens complaining of infrequent service and overcrowded cars. The company delayed expansion of the system to Saint John's West Side, with contemporary critics claiming it as an issue of class, arguing that "the railway clings to the streets where the nickels are the thickest." Bearing this out, the city refused to sponsor workingmen's tickets (then common in other street railways in Canada), cementing the trolley as a service inaccessible to many. By 1902, the company was belatedly forestalling attempts at a municipally-run trolley service by laying track along Douglas Avenue, followed by street service throughout the West Side. This issue acted as a microcosm of political relations in the province; the Tory opposition, led by John Douglas Hazen (a Saint John native), endorsed a municipal trolley service, while the ruling Liberal government instead placed the railway in charge of snow removal and street repair along its route, making a great deal of public infrastructure maintenance contingent on the railway company's goodwill.
Following the Tory victory in the 1908 provincial election, a Board of Public Utility Commissioners was formed and given the ability to fine utility companies for violating utility regulations, raising the stakes of the struggle. A warning sign appeared on New Year's Eve in 1910, when 500-600 people vandalized a streetcar.
In 1913, with new suburban lines seemingly not forthcoming, the city introduced bills to charter a rival railway company. Further attempts by the city to purchase the railway failed, and the company executives issued even more stock to finance moderate expansions amid complaints of overcrowding in the downtown and the inaccessibility of suburbs. By then, it had come under the control of Colonel Hugh H. McLean (a prominent Orangeman and maritime lawyer, known for representing Canadian Pacific and Bank of Montreal interests), F.R. Taylor (a member of their law firm), Senator W.H. Thorne (a prominent merchant), and James Manchester (part-owner of the leading wholesaler in the Maritimes). H.M. Hopper was the general manager of the company.
Railway union
In the midst of this crisis appeared Local 663 of the Amalgamated Association of Street and Electric Railway Employees, formed on May Day 1914. Saint John was no stranger to unions, but a lack of heavy industrialization had left the city mostly a bastion of old-style craft unions, with the more socialist-influenced industrial unions such as the Industrial Workers of the World more likely to exist in major centres such as Toronto or Montréal, or in the resource industries in Northern Ontario, Québec, and the West. Unions would become more common by the early 1910s, however, with longshoremen and other waterfront workers, building trades, printers, cigar-makers, and tailors all forming unions, along with a Saint John Trades and Labour Council being founded, which by 1913 would represent 4,000 workers, or about 40% of the labour force of Saint John. This renewed class consciousness and class-based form of organization helped to weaken the ethnic and religious ties which bound working-class Catholics and Protestants to the company owners and divided them against each other, something which would set the stage for the antagonism to follow.
The company reception to the formation of the eighty-member Local 663 was abrupt and decisive, with ten-year employee and local union president Fred Ramsey being summarily fired for abandoning their trolley car to go into a saloon, a charge they denied; and the company refusing to negotiate with the union's business agent. The union made a filing under the Industrial Disputes Investigation Act to challenge Ramsay's firing and threatening a strike if the company did not negotiate. In the subsequent hearing, Ramsey's coworkers and the saloon keeper all denied that they had entered the saloon, and a company inspector failed to find evidence of any wrongdoing on Ramsey's part. Only a detective hired by the company was left claiming Ramsey's guilt. In the investigation, three trolley workers claimed harassment by company management over the union, bolstering the union's position. The investigation concluded by ruling that Ramsey would be re-hired by the company and instructing the company to negotiate with the union leadership. Instead, the company refused to re-hire Ramsey or negotiate with the union. It also instated new, very strict employee regulations, then fired more and more workers for claimed violation of them: eight men on July 18, then three on July 20, all prominent union members who were replaced with non-union workers. At 3 on July 22, the union declared a strike.
Strike
The union began with pickets at the car barns where the trolleys were stored overnight, which prevented two-thirds of the trolley cars from leaving the barns. Meanwhile, the company had hired fifty professional strikebreakers from a Montréal agency and the mayor of Saint John swore in six "special" police officers. As the day went on, many of the non-union trolley operators simply abandoned their cars in the street and joined the strikers. The union also made the tactical decision to hire a horse-drawn bus to provide service to Saint John inhabitants who were inconvenienced from the strike, winning public support and denying the company fares in the same act.
By the afternoon of July 22, crowds of bystanders had gathered to alternately cheer on the strikers and jeer at scabs. By the evening, a crowd of 2000 people had gathered to cheer on the strikers, which swelled to 7-8000 in the space of a few hours.
On July 23, fifteen strikebreakers arrived from Montréal, but union business agent Sidney Mosher warned that the union had no ability to control the crowd if it turned violent. Numerous incidents occurred of citizens blocking tracks or otherwise delaying trolleys throughout the day. The situation peaked when a mob of up to 10,000 people tossed small stones at passing trolleys in King Square, with the crowd defending itself from police attacks, disarming one police officer when they fired on them with their revolver. The street railway workers maintained strict discipline and were not involved in the fight.
By 9, Mayor James Frink had made the decision to read the Riot Act to the crowd, which ignored him. The local police immediately requested backup in the form of a detachment of the Royal Canadian Dragoons, who charged the crowd on horseback, beating the crowd with their ceremonial swords. Again, the crowd repulsed this attack, with injuries among the crowd and dragoons both, with the Globe later referring to the attack as "vicious". Incensed, the crowd overturned nearby trolley cars, then proceeded to the headquarters of the St. John Railway Company, smashing windows and shutting down the city's electrical generators. The emboldened crowd advanced to the car sheds to set fire to them, but were driven off by armed Pinkerton and Thiel strikebreakers, who fired on the crowd. Meanwhile, the mayor called up five hundred militiamen who stood guard overnight, though by then the crowd had dispersed. By evening, however, crowds had reappeared and hampered trolley services from operating again, with stones and other projectiles thrown and the non-union trolley crews abandoning their cars to be towed back to their car barns under militia protection.
The deadlock was broken by Fred Ramsey's resignation as union president in exchange for accepting a job with the city public works department, a deal negotiated between them and John B.M. Baxter, the city recorder, who acted as an informal negotiator. In exchange, the company agreed to re-hire the fired workers and to guarantee them a right of appeal against dismissals in the future, with an agreement ratified by 11:30 that night.
Aftermath
Saint John, seen as a conservative town with a highly established social order, was wracked with controversy as a result of the rioting. Newspapers were indignant about the loss of public order. Politicians, conscious of the unpopularity of the railway company, refused to pay for the damages incurred (a total of $15,560) by rioters. Additionally, almost all of the rioters escaped with minor injuries, and those who were arrested mostly had their charges dismissed. All were soon distracted by the First World War, which quickly buried memories of the strike and riot. The railway company was bought by a local syndicate in 1917, its profitability having been damaged by wartime inflation of labour and materials costs.
References
1914 labor disputes and strikes
Labour disputes in New Brunswick
History of Saint John, New Brunswick
1914 in New Brunswick
Riots and civil disorder in Canada
Wilhelm Müller was a Swiss rower. They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's coxless pair where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Swiss male rowers
Olympic rowers of Switzerland
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Memphis May Fire is an American metalcore band formed in Denton, Texas and currently signed to Rise Records. The band currently consists of lead guitarist Kellen McGregor, lead vocalist Matty Mullins, bassist Cory Elder, and drummer Jake Garland. Formed in 2006, they have released six studio albums and two EPs to date. Their fourth album, Unconditional, debuted at No. 4 on the US Billboard 200 and atop the Alternative Albums chart.
History
Formation (2006–2007)
The band, founded by original vocalist Chase Ryan, guitarist Ryan Bentley and bassist Tanner Oakes, formed in 2006 in Denton, Texas., but it was not until February 2007 that the group solidified the name Memphis May Fire having previously gone by Oh Captain, My Captain. In early 2007, the band recorded and self-released an EP, and began creating a local following. Shortly thereafter, Memphis May Fire caught the attention of Josh Grabelle, the president of Trustkill Records. Grabelle commented on their feelings toward the band in a press release stating, "There is a lot of really exciting, young, dangerous music coming out right now, and Memphis May Fire are the cream of the crop. Not since Bullet for My Valentine's Hand of Blood have we heard a more compelling set of songs for an EP, where absolutely every song is bone-chillingly perfect, and timeless. These guys are on their way to something huge." In September 2007 the band had officially signed to Trustkill, and their self-titled EP was reissued through the label in December 2007. In 2007, through 2008, the band embarked on Twelve Gauge Valentine's final-tour along with The Handshake Murders.
Line-up changes and Sleepwalking (2008–2009)
Memphis May Fire had hoped to release their debut album by summer 2006 produced by their guitarist, Kellen McGregor. However, after the recording sessions for the album during tour, lead singer Chase and short time drummer Dooley decided to part ways with the band. Chase explained that they felt that their priorities should be with their child, and not a touring band. Dooley would end their touring back home in St. Louis. Upon announcing their resignations, bass player Tanner Oakes left the tour and the band. Bassist Austin Radford joined the band to finish the tour but would decide to part ways with the band shortly after creating their own band called, American Mantra as the lead singer. They would be replaced by Daniel De Los Santos as a substitute, and then later by Cory Elder, who is a current member. Open auditions were held shortly after Chase's departure with an instrumental song called "Decade" on their MySpace (later known as "Destiny for the Willing"), and they were eventually replaced by a new vocalist, Matty Mullins (Nights in Fire). By this time, Memphis May Fire had already recorded their instruments for the new album with producer Casey Bates and only needed Mullins to contribute their vocals.
Their debut full-length studio album, Sleepwalking, was released on July 21, 2009, through Trustkill Records. Memphis May Fire has described the album as "a new breed of rock n' roll" and musically it has "more aggressive guitar work and noticeably more melodic, but still retains that southern swagger." Their song "Ghost in the Mirror" was used on the soundtrack for the movie Saw VI. Rhythm guitarist, Ryan Bentley, was not featured in the music video due to their short break away from the band. Joel Seier joined the band as a substitute for Bentley's place until they would join back in late 2009. Seier was featured in "Ghost in the Mirror" and "North Atlantic vs. North Carolina" music videos as the rhythm guitarist.
The official music video for "Ghost in the Mirror" was released February 2, 2010, through the Trustkill YouTube page.
Signing to Rise Records and The Hollow (2010–2011)
Memphis May Fire released a second EP entitled Between the Lies on November 2, 2010, through Bullet Tooth Records (formerly Trustkill Records) with more energy and a different style than their previous releases. On December 9, 2010, the band post in their Facebook that the song "Action/Adventure" will be featured in the video game Rock Band 3. In 2010, Matty Mullins was featured in the song "That's What They Said", from Kid Liberty's debut album Fight with Your Fists.
On January 17, 2011, Rise Records announced Memphis May Fire signed to the label and that a new album will be released in spring. The band recently wrapped up the recording of their upcoming full-length record at Chango Studios (Of Machines, I See Stars, Sleeping with Sirens, etc.) in Orlando, Florida. It is expected to be heavier and darker than Sleepwalking and Between the Lies, while further incorporating elements of modern metal and electronics.
On March 3, 2011, a full album teaser for their sophomore album The Hollow was released via Rise Records YouTube page, including its release date of April 26, 2011. On March 22, a full song from The Hollow, titled "The Sinner", was released to Rise Records YouTube page and on iTunes. On April 23, the entire album was released on the Rise Records YouTube page.
On September 15, the video for the lead single from The Hollow, "The Sinner", directed by Thunder Down Country was released on YouTube.
On February 15, 2012, a live music video recorded in Orlando, Florida for the song titled "The Unfaithful" was released on their YouTube Page.
It was announced through the Vans Warped Tour's website on December 7 that Memphis May Fire would be participating in the 2012 Vans Warped Tour. The band was called to perform on the Monster Energy stage for the majority of the tour, and both Kia Rio and Kia Soul main stages on selected dates.
Departure of Ryan Bentley and Challenger (2012–2013)
On February 11, it was announced by Kellen McGregor that the band would be working with Cameron Mizell shortly again at Chango Studios, to record their third studio album.
On April 11, rhythm guitarist and original member, Ryan Bentley, announced on Twitter they have parted ways with the band in a tweet saying "I'm no longer in Memphis May Fire. Details later.", around midnight. On the band's direct-to-fan fanbridge, Kellen McGregor responded saying that they had to let go of Ryan because they did not have the right attitude and was not willing to push the band to a positive direction. On April 17, the band announced that Anthony Sepe (ex-Decoder) would be replacing Ryan Bentley as their new guitarist: "For those who may not know already, we recently decided to part ways with our guitarist, Ryan Bentley, and wish them nothing but the best. He's a talented individual and we have no doubt that they will be successful no matter where life leads him. With that said, we'd like all of you to give a warm welcome to our new guitarist Anthony Sepe."
Bentley's departure from the band makes guitarist Kellen McGregor the only remaining original member of Memphis May Fire.
Their third studio album, Challenger was released on June 26 through Rise Records. The album debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Charts while the band was on tour as part of the Warped Tour.
The band continued to tour following the album throughout the USA, Europe, and the UK.
On February 1, 2013, Memphis May Fire was announced as part of the Vans Warped Tour 2013 alongside Black Veil Brides, Sleeping With Sirens, We Came As Romans, Blessthefall, The Used, Billy Talent and Bring Me the Horizon. The band was called to play main stage (Kia Soul Stage), they played the entire tour with an eight-song set, featuring Kellin Quinn singing the bridge of "Legacy".
On August 4, the band announced that they will be supporting Sleeping With Sirens, on the Feel This Tour. Breathe Carolina, Issues (band), and Our Last Night will be supporting the tour with them on selected dates.
Unconditional (2013–2015)
Memphis May Fire has announced that they are hoping to release their new album in early 2014. Kellen McGregor finished writing the album demos after the band got off of the Vans Warped Tour. Currently, the band is recording at Chango Studios with Kellen and Cameron Mizell as the producers. In an interview with PropertyOfZach, vocalist Matty Mullins stated the expected the album release date to be in February–March 2014. They also divulged that Memphis May Fire will set out on a US headlining tour in support of the album.
In an Alternative Press interview released on September 7, 2013, the band stated that their new album will "have more of a theatrical feel, as well as orchestral presence" also describing their new album as a "soundtrack to an action film".
In an interview with Propertyofzack on September 9, 2013, the band described the sound of their new album, "[It] Just shows maturity. The newest record is very theatrical. It almost feels like a movie soundtrack from start to finish. It's really awesome. A lot of orchestra stuff playing a big role in the record. It's just – it's more mature. I think that our younger audience is going to love it – certain aspects of it – and our older audience is going to really appreciate how far we've come as artists. They're really going to love the record too. It's great."
On December 14, 2013, the band tweeted that they had finished recording their forthcoming album with vocalist Matty Mullins expressing on how proud they are of the album. The album is expected to be an early 2014 release. On December 18, the band announced "The Unconditional Tour" beginning late February through March with fellow acts The Word Alive, A Skylit Drive, Hands Like Houses and Beartooth in the US.
On January 4, 2014, the band released their first studio update for their forthcoming album via Alternative Press.
In the third and final studio update for the album, it was announced that it would be titled "Unconditional" and was released on March 25, 2014, through Rise Records.
On February 6, 2014, the first single, "No Ordinary Love" was streamed through the Rise Records YouTube channel. Pre-order bundles for the album were also made available on this date. The second single, "Sleepless Nights" was released on February 24, via Facebook and Rise Records YouTube Channel.
On March 13, 2014 the full "Unconditional" album was streamed through Rise Records YouTube channel.
Mullins announced on August 12, 2014, that they would be releasing their debut solo record, "Matty Mullins", on September 23, through Rise Records. Pre-orders were made available that same day.
On May 25, 2015, the band announced that they would be releasing the deluxe edition of "Unconditional" on July 17. The first new track, 'My Generation' was released that same day. The album will contain two new tracks, as well as acoustic versions of 'Beneath the Skin' ,'Need to Be' and a remixed/remastered version of the album.
This Light I Hold (2016–2017)
On February 9, 2016, the band announced through their Facebook page that they were entering the studio with material that was written and prepared over the last year. They recorded in Good Sounds Studio with Matt Good producing and mixing the instrumentals and Cameron Mizell producing the vocals.
The band premiered the single "Carry On" on BBC Radio 1 on August 28, 2016 and announced their fifth studio album, This Light I Hold, on the same day. The album is set to be released on October 28, 2016 through Rise Records. The band will tour as headliners on the Rise Up Tour with The Devil Wears Prada and Silverstein as special guests and supporting act Like Moths to Flames in North America and the United Kingdom from October 11 to December 10, 2016.
On September 23, 2016, Memphis May Fire released the title track as the second single to their new album, "This Light I Hold," which features Jacoby Shaddix (of Papa Roach). On January 30, 2017, the band announced the departure of guitarist Anthony Sepe. Samuel Penner, former guitarist for In the Midst of Lions and For Today, announced that they would be filling in for the band.
Broken (2017–2019)
On June 20, 2017, Memphis May Fire released a single titled "Virus". According to Matty Mullins the song is a "one-off song" and won't appear on the next album.
On October 20, 2017, Matty Mullins shared a photo of them working on their new album in The Hideout Studio with Kane Churko as producer. On March 24, 2018, Matty Mullins shared a photo of Drew Fulk working on the mixes of the new album.
On September 19, 2018, the band released a new track titled "The Old Me", and information was later leaked that the new album would be titled Broken. It was released on November 16, 2018.
In April 2019, the group performed multiple shows with Pop Evil and Messer.
Remade in Misery (2020–present)
In early 2020, frontman Matty Mullins stated they had started work on new Memphis May Fire music as well as their solo material, and that it would mark a return to their heavier roots. On June 4, 2021, the band released a new single titled "Blood & Water" which confirmed a return to their earlier, heavier sound.
Over the course of late 2021 and early 2022, the band released more singles; "Death Inside", "Bleed Me Dry", "Somebody", "Left for Dead", and "The American Dream". On February 18, 2022, the band released another single entitled "Make Believe" whilst also announcing their upcoming seventh studio album Remade in Misery set for release on June 3, 2022. On April 1, 2022, the band released another single entitled "Only Human" featuring AJ Channer from Fire from the Gods.
Members
Current
Kellen McGregor – lead guitar, backing vocals, keyboards, programming (2006–present); rhythm guitar (2006, 2017–present); lead vocals (2006)
Matty Mullins – lead vocals, keyboards, programming (2008–present)
Cory Elder – bass (2008–present)
Jake Garland – drums (2010–present)
Former
Tanner Oakes – bass (2006–2007)
Ryan Dooley – drums (2006–2007)
Chase Ryan Robbins – lead vocals (2006–2008)
Jeremy Grisham – drums (2007–2008)
Austin Radford – bass (2007–2008)
Daniel De Los Santos – bass (2008)
Joel Seier – rhythm guitar (2009–2010)
Eric Molesworth – drums (2008–2010)
Ryan Bentley – rhythm guitar (2006–2009, 2010–2012)
Anthony Sepe – rhythm guitar (2012–2017)
Touring musicians
Samuel Penner – rhythm guitar
Lucas Chandler – rhythm guitar
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Accolades
References
External links
Memphis May Fire on Myspace
2006 establishments in Texas
American metalcore musical groups
Heavy metal musical groups from Texas
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical quintets
Trustkill Records artists
Paul Thomas Smalley (born 17 November 1966) is a former English footballer and coach. In July 2020 they were reappointed as the technical director of the Bangladesh Football Federation.
Club career
Born in Nottingham, Smalley began their career in the academy of hometown club Notts County. Over the course of four years, Smalley made 118 Football League appearances for the club, before leaving to sign for Scunthorpe United in 1988, scoring one goal in 86 league games. In 1990, Smalley signed for Leeds United, however failed to make an appearance for the club, signing for Doncaster Rovers in 1991, making 14 league appearances. Following their time at Doncaster, Smalley dropped into Non-League football, playing for Sutton Town, Hucknall Town and Shepshed Dynamo.
Coaching career
Following their retirement, Smalley entered coaching, becoming a coach and regional director for The Football Association. In 2002, Smalley was appointed technical director for New Zealand Football. In 2008, after a stint in the United States, Smalley was named director of youth at Portsmouth. Following their spell at Portsmouth, Smalley took up roles in Oceania, working with clubs Northern Fury and Waitakere United, as well as working with the Football Federation Victoria and Football Federation Australia. In 2016, they were appointed technical and strategic director of the Bangladesh Football Federation. In November 2019, Smalley was appointed manager of Brunei. They left their post by mutual consent in May 2020. Smalley was given the duty of guiding the Bangladesh national under-20 football team during the 2022 SAFF U-20 Championship, while still being the technical director of BFF.
References
1966 births
Living people
Footballers from Nottingham
English footballers
Association football defenders
Notts County F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Sutton Town A.F.C. players
Hucknall Town F.C. players
Shepshed Dynamo F.C. players
English Football League players
Brunei national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Brunei
English football managers
English expatriate football managers
English expatriate sportspeople in Australia
English expatriate sportspeople in New Zealand
English expatriate sportspeople in Bangladesh
English expatriate sportspeople in Brunei
Northern Counties East Football League players
Association football coaches
The Southern Pacific Railroad Depot in Yuma, Arizona, was built as a Spanish Colonial Revival-style station by the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1926.
After Southern Pacific Railroad ceased passenger operations upon Amtrak's start in 1971, the station housed the Yuma Fine Arts Museum. The depot was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. The structure was razed in the summer of 1994 after a devastating fire damaged the building in the spring of 1993. It was delisted from the National Register in 2019.
Amtrak passengers are now served at the Yuma Amtrak station which consists of two open platforms and a tunnel.
See also
List of historic properties in Yuma, Arizona
Southern Pacific Freight Depot (Yuma, Arizona) – also NRHP listed.
Southern Pacific Railroad Passenger Coach Car-S.P. X7 – also NRHP listed.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yuma County, Arizona
References
Former Southern Pacific Railroad stations
Buildings and structures in Yuma, Arizona
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1926
Spanish Colonial Revival architecture in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Yuma County, Arizona
Former National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
Former railway stations in Arizona
Tianshou (天授) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Tianshou (690–692), era name used by Wu Zetian
Tianshou (1096), era name used by Duan Zhengchun, emperor of Dali
PES Modern College of Engineering, Pune, popularly known as Modern or MCOE, is a Private Engineering Institute located in Pune, Maharashtra. The college is approved by All India Council of Technical Education(AICTE), New Delhi, Directorate of Technical Education(DTE), and Government of Maharashtra and is permanently affiliated to University of Pune, complying to all norms and standards of Engineering education. It is UGC recognized under 2(f) and 12(B) and NAAC accredited Grade "A" college. In 2019, the Institute received an NBA accreditation for 3 years. It has also been awarded as the "Best College in the Urban area" by the University of Pune in the year 2012.
Institute history
Progressive Education Society's Modern College of Engineering(also known as MCOE) is located in Pune, Maharashtra. It was established in the year 1999. It is approved by the India Council of Technical Education (AICTE), Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) and is affiliated to Savitribai Phule Pune University. It is recognised by the University Grants Commission (UGC) and accredited by NAAC with a Grade “A”. The college offers undergraduate programmes in eight disciplines of Engineering and various postgraduate programmes.
The college is also awarded as the "Best College in the Urban Area" by the Savitribai Phule Pune University. The campus is spread over 12 acres of land with a high-speed Wi-Fi connection. The institute has four recognised research centres affiliated to the university. It has state-of-the-art infrastructure which includes spacious classrooms, well-equipped laboratories, computer centres, language laboratory, audio-video laboratory and central library, seminar hall, auditorium, etc. The institute also has sports and gymnasium facility for both boys and girls.
Academics
Courses Offered for Under Graduation Program
Mechanical Engineering
Computer Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering
Information Technology
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Engineering
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Engineering
Electronics and Computer Engineering
Courses Offered for Post Graduation Program
Electrical Engineering (Control Systems)
Computer Engineering (Computer Engg)
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering (Signal Processing)
Mechanical Engineering (Heat Power)
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
Master of Computer Application (MCA)
See also
University of Pune
List of educational institutions in Pune
All India Council for Technical Education
References
Universities and colleges in Pune
Engineering colleges in Pune
Educational institutions established in 1999
1999 establishments in Maharashtra
Kissed by the Wolves () is a 1975 Hong Kong adult film directed by famous Shaw Brothers villain actor Chan Hung Lit, who also acts in a supporting role. It stars Alan Tang, Pan Yin Tze, Dean Shek and Lydia Shum. This film won "Best Cinematography" at the 21st Asia Pacific Film Festival.
Cast
Alan Tang
Pan Yin Tze
Dean Shek
Lydia Shum
Chan Hung Lit
Steve Chen Hao
Tina Chin
Fung Hak On
Ouyang Sha-fei
References
External links
Kissed by the Wolves at the Hong Kong Movie DataBase
1975 films
Hong Kong films
1970s Mandarin-language films
1970s Hong Kong films
Statistics of the 2002–03 Saudi Premier League.
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Championship playoff
Match against fourth place
Match against third place
Final
Season statistics
Top scorers
References
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
The award, sponsored by The Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation, was instituted in 1993 with the intention of recognizing "significant accomplishments by individuals who have stimulated or fostered the interest of women in chemistry, promoting their professional development as chemists or chemical engineers." Recipients receive $5,000, a certificate, up to $1,500 for travel expenses, and a grant of $10,000. The deadline for nomination is 1 November every year.
Recipients
Awardees are listed here along with their affiliation at the time of the award.
See also
List of chemistry awards
List of science and technology awards for women
References
External links
The Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation Official Website
Awards of the American Chemical Society
Trilla is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Grove Township, Coles County, Illinois, United States.
Geography
Trilla is located at at an elevation of 653 feet.
Trilla's ZIP code is 62469.
Demographics
References
Unincorporated communities in Coles County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Mrčevo may refer to:
Mrčevo, Croatia, a village near Dubrovnik, Croatia
Mrčevo, Montenegro
Paulina Gálvez (born September 14, 1969) is a Chilean-Spanish actor.
Biography
They were born in Santiago to a Chilean mother and a Spanish father, both economists. They were raised in Madrid from the age of eight and started their artistic career as a flamenco dancer in several companies in Spain (Carmen Cortes, Zambra). They later moved to film, getting the lead role in their first audition for the film Bazar Viena alongside Alfredo Landa. After few years working in film and television, Paulina worked in theatre with the famous experimental Catalan group Els Joglars, from Barcelona. Since then they have played more than 90 different characters ranging from comedic to dramatic in theater, films and television, with renowned directors and actors such as Carlos Saura, Javier Bardem, Federico Luppi, Jordi Mollà, Ricky Schroder, among many others.
In 2000, they played Marta, the Gypsy servant in the American series Queen of Swords for Paramount Television and, along with Tessie Santiago, was one of only two actors to appear in all 22 episodes of the TV series filmed at Texas Hollywood, Almería, Spain. They later appeared in the series Dueños del Paraíso for Telemundo, starring Kate del Castillo, and in the production for Atresmedia, La embajada. In 2018 they were cast as Catalina in the television series based on the film The Purge, produced by Blumhouse for the USA Network.
Partial filmography
Bazar Viena (1990)
Tango (TV Series) (1992)
Orden especial (1992)
Kosh ba kosh (1993)
Poble Nou (1994)
The detective and the death (1994)
Una chica entre un millón (1994)
Los baúles del retorno (1995)
Esperanza & sardinas (1996)
Sitges (TV Series) (1996)
Hospital (TV Series) (1996)
Corsarios del chip (1996)
Retrato de mujer con hombre al fondo (1997)
La banda de Pérez (TV Series) (1997)
Pajarico (1997)
Nada en la nevera (1998)
The Pianist (1998)
La rosa de piedra (1999)
El secreto de la porcelana (TV Mini-Series) (1999)
Tuve un sueño contigo (1999)
Rincones del paraíso (1999)
Tattoo Bar (2000)
The Place That Was Paradise (2000)
The Lost Steps (2001)
Honolulu Baby (2001)
Queen of Swords (2000–2001)
L'Auberge Espagnole (2002)
Hospital Central (TV Series) (2002)
Flamenco der Liebe (TV Movie) (2002)
Passionate People (2002)
Subterra (2003)
Rottweiler (2004)
Face of Terror (2004)
Cien maneras de acabar con el amor (2004)
The Nun (2005)
Un rey en la Habana (2005)
Al filo de la ley (TV Series) (2005)
Projecte Cassandra (TV Movie) (2005)
El precio de una Miss (TV Movie) (2005)
Star Troopers (2006)
Faltas leves (2006)
Monógamo sucesivo (2006)
Hermanos & detectives (TV Series) (2007)
Trenhotel (TV Movie) (2007)
Un cuento para Olivia (2008)
El Cartel de los Sapos (TV Series) (2008)
Acusados (TV Series) (2009)
Suspicious Minds (2010)
El cartel 2 - La guerra total (TV Series) (2010)
La Casa de al Lado (TV Series) (2011)
RPM Miami (TV Series) (2011)
Grachi (TV Series) (2012)
Adios Carmen (2013)
Demente Criminal (TV Series) (2015)
Dueños del paraíso (TV Series) (2015)
La Embajada (TV Series) (2016)
The Purge TV (TV Series) (2018)
The Mallorca Files (TV series) (2021) as Pia Rey episode 2-6 "The Outlaw Jose Rey"
Awards
Arts and Entertainment Critics Awards, Chile
2004 Nominated
APES Award Best Actress (Mejor actriz)
Sub terra (2003)
Biarritz International Festival of Latin American Cinema
2003 Won
Best Actress Sub terra (2003)
Goya Awards
1998 Nominated
Goya Best New Actress (Mejor Actriz Revelación)
Retrato de mujer con hombre al fondo (1997)
Lleida Latin-American Film Festival
2004 Won
Best Actress Sub terra (2003)
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Chilean emigrants to Spain
Chilean people of Spanish descent
Spanish film actores
Spanish television actores
Actresses from Santiago
The 2015 New Hampshire Wildcats football team represented the University of New Hampshire in the 2015 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by 17th-year head coach Sean McDonnell and played their home games at Cowell Stadium. They were a member of the Colonial Athletic Association. They finished the season 7–5, 5–3 in CAA play to finish in a three-way tie for fourth place. They received an at-large bid to the FCS Playoffs where they lost in the first round to Colgate.
Schedule
Source: Schedule
Game summaries
at San Jose State
at Colgate
at Stony Brook
Central Connecticut
Elon
at William & Mary
at Delaware
Rhode Island
Richmond
at Albany
Maine
FCS Playoffs
First Round–Colgate
Ranking movements
References
New Hampshire
New Hampshire Wildcats football seasons
New Hampshire
New Hampshire Wildcats football
Han Zigao (; 538–567), formerly known as Han Manzi (韓蠻子), was a Chinese general.  They are recorded in history for their beauty and for being the favorite lover of Emperor Wen of Chen.
Biography
Han Zigao was born as Han Manzi in 538. They were born in Jingshi Jiankang (now Nanjing, Jiangsu). Their father, Han Yanqing, was a farmer.
Around 554, when they were 16-years-old, they met the future Emperor Wen of Chen, by then only a general. After entering Chen's service, the last gave them a new name, Zigao, and made them their personal assistant. Not long after, Han Zigao became their favorite lover.
By nature, Han Zigao was respectful and cautious, serving Chen Qian with all their heart and soul, carrying a sword to defend Chen Qian, and serving Chen Qian wine and food. When Chen Qian was anxious, Han Zigao could always comprehend the reason. After getting older, they learned riding and shooting skills, and being brave and decisive, soon became a commander. Chen Qian was very pleased with them and never let them go away. Chen Qian once dreamed that they were riding a horse in the mountains: the road was dangerous, and they were about to fall down the mountain, but was saved by Han Zigao. Han Zigao indeed saved their lives later, during a night attack on their camp.
Chen Qian became an Emperor in 559 and made Han Zigao a general. Being very successful in their campaigns, Han Zigao was considered the best general of the state and received several promotions. In the sixth year of Tianjia (565), they were recalled back to the imperial court to serve as a general of the Right guard, and went to the capital Jiankang (now Nanjing, Jiangsu) to guard the emperor's palace. When Chen Qian became seriously ill, Han Zigao spent their time with them serving them medicine, until Chen Qian died in 566.
Less than a year after Chen Qian's death, in order to protect Chen Qian's son, young emperor Chen Fei, Han Zigao plotted with the official Dao Zhongju against Chen Qian's younger brother and future emperor Chen Xu, whose power in the imperial court began to worry some officials. The plot was however exposed, and Han Zigao was forced to commit suicide as punishment. They were thirty years old. Their father Han Yanqing and their nephews were pardoned.
Outside the tomb of Chen Qian, discovered in 2013, two statues of pixiu were found, different from the usual male and female design, since both of them are male. Female counterpart of this mythological species are known as bìxié, and male as tiānlù; the only difference being that the females have a pair of horns on their heads.
In popular culture
They were first recorded in Book of Chen, the official history of the Chen dynasty.
A web film based on Han Zigao's story, Han Zi Gao - The Male Queen, was released in 2016. The film was directed by Li Jinlun and stars Wang Yichen and Shao Shuai as Han Zigao and Chen, respectively.
See also
Emperor Wen of Chen
Chen dynasty
References
538 births
567 deaths
Legendary Chinese people
Chen dynasty people
LGBT people from China
Ancient LGBT people
6th-century Chinese people
Male lovers of royalty
Arcade house in Pyzdry is a bungalow built in 1768 and located in the square in Pyzdry. It was renovated several times, underwent major overhaul in 1956–1957. Its gable wall fronts the square. It is plastered and has a light-frame construction. At the front the arcade is supported by four wooden pillars, which were replaced in 1957. For several years it was the seat of the Regional Museum in Pyzdry and now it is used for organising temporary exhibitions.
Gmina Pyzdry
Houses in Poland
The Women's Declaration International (WDI), formerly the Women's Human Rights Campaign (WHRC), is an advocacy group founded in the United Kingdom. The group is known for publishing a declaration on "sex-based rights" and has said that "transgenderism" is in breach of article 5 of the UN convention on eliminating discrimination against women and girls, because "the practice of transgenderism clearly falls under the article because it is based on stereotypical roles for men and women". It has been described as anti-trans, trans-exclusionary, and trans-exclusionary radical feminist (TERF).
History and views
The Women's Human Rights Campaign (WHRC) was founded in 2019 by a group of women including Maureen O'Hara, Sheila Jeffreys and Heather Brunskell-Evans. Brunskell-Evans had been sacked from the Women's Equality Party the previous year as a result of their views on transgender people, Jeffreys has said, "Radical feminist theorists do not seek to make gender a bit more flexible, but to eliminate it. They are gender abolitionists, and understand gender to provide the framework and rationale for male dominance. In the radical feminist approach, masculinity is the behaviour of the male ruling class and femininity is the behaviour of the subordinate class of women. Thus gender can have no place in the egalitarian future that feminism aims to create." In March 2018 Jeffreys said: "when men claim to be women…and parasitically occupy the bodies of the oppressed, they speak for the oppressed. They become to be recognised as the oppressed. There's no space for women's liberation."
The group describes itself as a female-only group and says it aims to "lobby nations to maintain language protecting women and girls on the basis of sex rather than gender or gender identity". In December 2021, the group changed its name to "Women's Declaration International".
According to Vice the group has promoted conspiracy theories and false information. The Association for Women's Rights in Development (AWID) has described WHRC as a trojan horse in human rights spaces and argued that WHRC "engages in sensationalism and fear-mongering" to "undermine and water down the progressions of human rights standards that protect the rights of trans and gender non-conforming persons". Scottish Women's Aid described WHRC as a group "seeking to stigmatise and discriminate against trans women". The Trans Safety Network described WHRC as "an extreme anti-trans group". Equity Forward discussed WHRC in the context of the Trump administration's "anti-human rights multilateralism" and described it as anti-trans. The Canadian Anti-Hate Network described WHRC as a "TERF project".
For International Women's Day in 2021, WHRC Norway (now WDI Norway) proposed the slogans "No to heresy in primary schools, girls and women do not have a penis" and "Only women are women," that were accused of being hateful and transphobic by the established feminist organizations. Christine Marie Jentoft, an advisor on gender diversity at the Norwegian Organisation for Sexual and Gender Diversity, described WHRC as a hate group that works to deprive transgender people of autonomy and rights. Gender studies professor described the group's Norwegian branch as anti-gender and part of a "complex threat to democracy" that "represent[s] a reactionary populist backlash to basic human rights principles," and that seeks to "demonize the very basics of trans existence." In 2022 Norwegian police opened a criminal investigation of the leader of WDI Norway, Christina Eline Ellingsen, who is accused of violating section 185 on hate speech in the Norwegian Penal Code.
In June 2022 several groups opposing trans rights, including WDI USA, Alliance Defending Freedom, Family Research Council and Women's Liberation Front, organized an anti-trans rally in Washington D.C. The American Independent noted that some of the organizers, but not WDI, are designated as hate groups by the Southern Poverty Law Center, and Lindsay Schubiner, an expert on extremism, said: "There has been a clear increase in organizing to promote anti-LGBTQ and specifically anti-trans bigotry and I think that we can see that trend line moving up. This event in particular looks like an attempt to legitimize and elevate and spread their transphobia and especially to build political power around specific anti-trans policy goals." The article also noted that WDI had tweeted in support of abortion rights.
Declaration on Women's Sex-Based Rights
The group is known for publishing the Declaration on Women's Sex-Based Rights, co-authored by Jeffreys and Brunskell-Evans, which called for the "elimination" of "the practice of transgenderism" and for the UK to repeal the Gender Recognition Act. Emma Ritch, executive director of the feminist policy organisation Engender, said that "when [the declaration] talks about violence against women, freedom of expression, and children's rights it does so entirely through the warped lens of antipathy towards trans people". They further said that WHRC appears to see "rights as a rhetorical device with which to stigmatise minority groups". The declaration was described by the Equality Network as anti-trans, by the Scottish Trans Alliance as focused "almost entirely on denying the reality of trans people's lives" and as transphobic. The Association for Women's Rights in Development said that the sex-based' rhetoric misuses concepts of sex and gender to push a deeply discriminatory agenda". Legal scholar and human rights expert Sandra Duffy described the declaration's concept of "sex-based rights" as "a fiction with the pretense of legality". Kathleen Stock, who resigned from their position at the University of Sussex following accusations of transphobia, had been criticised by student protesters for signing WHRC's declaration. WHRC subsequently released a joint statement together with the Women's Liberation Front in support of Stock.
See also
LGB Alliance
References
External links
Organisations that oppose transgender rights in the United Kingdom
Advocacy groups in the United Kingdom
2019 establishments in England
Organizations established in 2019
Mildenhall, Suffolk
Organisations based in Suffolk
Pete Jolly (born Peter A. Ceragioli Jr., June 5, 1932 – November 6, 2004) was a two-time Grammy-nominated American West Coast jazz pianist and accordionist.  They are known for their performance of television themes and movie soundtracks.
Biography
Jolly began playing the accordion at age three and appeared on the radio program Hobby Lobby at the age of seven. They were raised in Phoenix, Arizona, a hotbed of jazz at the time. One of their best friends and collaborators in Phoenix was guitarist Howard Roberts, whom they met at the age of 13. Following Roberts to Los Angeles in 1952, they immediately began working with the best players on the West Coast jazz scene, including Shorty Rogers. They moved easily into studio and session work. Besides their performances as a pianist, they also played the accordion.
Their composition "Little Bird" (a minor hit on Fred Astaire's Ava Records) was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1963, and they formed the Pete Jolly Trio in 1964. With the Trio and as a solo artist, they recorded several albums, including earning a Grammy nomination for Best Instrumental Jazz Performance – Small Group or Soloist with Small Group. One of the last albums was a collaboration—aptly entitled Collaboration—with Jan Lundgren, Chuck Berghofer, and Joe LaBarbera in 2000. Their final album, It's a Cool Heat, was recorded in Phoenix in May 2004 shortly before their death. They worked with Buddy DeFranco, Art Pepper, and Red Norvo, and for many years with music arranger and director Ray Conniff and Herb Alpert, recording on Alpert's record label, A&M as both sideman and leader.
Jolly's music can be heard on television programs such as Get Smart, The Love Boat, I Spy, Mannix, M*A*S*H and Dallas, as well as hundreds of movie soundtracks. They recreated all of Bud Powell's playing with Charlie Parker for Clint Eastwood's biographical movie about Parker, Bird. By day, Jolly worked in the studios; by night, with their trio. They continued to perform with their trio in Los Angeles jazz clubs until shortly before being hospitalized in August 2004. Their final public performance with their trio was in Reno, Nevada, and they said it was the best they had ever played. Active for nearly fifty years, the Pete Jolly Trio had only one bassist, Chuck Berghofer, and one drummer, Nick Martinis. Berghofer later said, "In all that time, Pete never once told me how to play or what to play."
Jolly died at the age of 72 in November 2004 in Pasadena, California, from complications of multiple myeloma.
Discography
As leader/co-leader
Compilations
Quartet, Quintet & Sextet (Fresh Sound, 1955–56)
Pete Jolly and Friends (VSOP, 1962–64)
As sideman
With Elmer Bernstein
The Man with the Golden Arm (Decca, 1956)
With Kenny Burrell
Heritage (AudioSource, 1980)
With Buddy Collette
Porgy & Bess (Interlude 1957 [1959])
With Jerry Donato
It's a Cool Heat
With Joni James
After Hours (MGM, 1962)
With J. J. Johnson
Concepts in Blue (Pablo Today, 1981)
With Quincy Jones
Roots (A&M, 1977)
With Johnny Mandel
I Want to Live (United Artists, 1958)
With Gerry Mulligan
I Want to Live (United Artists, 1958)
If You Can't Beat 'Em, Join 'Em! (Limelight, 1965)
With Jack Nitzsche
Heart Beat (Soundtrack) (Capitol, 1980)
With Shorty Rogers
Shorty Rogers and Their Giants (RCA Victor, 1954 [1956])
The Swinging Mr. Rogers (Atlantic, 1955)
Martians Stay Home (Atlantic, 1955 [1980])
Martians Come Back! (Atlantic, 1955 [1956])
Way Up There (Atlantic, 1955 [1957])
Shorty Rogers Plays Richard Rodgers (RCA Victor, 1957)
Gigi in Jazz (RCA Victor, 1958)
Chances Are It Swings (RCA Victor, 1958)
The Wizard of Oz and Other Harold Arlen Songs (RCA Victor, 1959)
Shorty Rogers Meets Tarzan (MGM, 1960)
The Swingin' Nutcracker (RCA Victor, 1960)
An Invisible Orchard (RCA Victor, 1961 [1997])
The Fourth Dimension in Sound (Warner Bros., 1961)
Bossa Nova (Reprise, 1962)
Jazz Waltz (Reprise, 1962)
With Tom Waits
One from the Heart (film) soundtrack (CBS, 1982)
References
External links
Space Age Musicmakers
1932 births
2004 deaths
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
American television composers
Deaths from cancer in California
Cool jazz keyboardists
Musicians from New Haven, Connecticut
West Coast jazz pianists
Deaths from multiple myeloma
20th-century American pianists
20th-century American composers
Jazz musicians from Connecticut
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Äva Records artists
Georgios Zaravinas (; born 13 June 1976) is a Greek former handball player and current coach. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Greek male handball players
Olympic handball players of Greece
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ioannina
Uziel (or Usiel) is an archangel mentioned in some variants of 3 Enoch (but Ouza in others), in a variant of Sefer Raziel HaMalakh, in Johannes Trithemius's Steganographia, and in John Milton's Paradise Lost.
Citations
3Enoch
Footnotes
Angels in Christianity
Angels in Judaism
Individual angels
Clavering Windmills are a pair of Grade II listed Tower mills at Clavering, Essex, England. They have both been converted to residential use. They are named North Mill and South Mill. A third mill existed in Clavering until the mid-nineteenth century, known as Clavering Mill.
History
Clavering Mill
Clavering Mill was a Post mill. It was marked on a map dated c.1625 and then in the ownership of Sir Francis Barrington. In 1702 it was conveyed to Sir Charles Barrington. The mill was marked on Warburton, Bland and Smyth's map of 1724. It was marked on a plan of Clavering dated 1783 and also on the 1840 Tithe map of Clavering. White's Directory of 1848 records three millers in Clavering, the last date at which the post mill can be assumed to have been standing.
North Mill
North Mill was built for James Pavitt in 1811, working in conjunction with the post mill until 1845. A oil engine was installed in 1919 by Thomas Hunt, the Soham millwright. The sails were removed about this time, but the mill worked by the engine for many years.
South Mill
South Mill was built in 1757. The mill was idle in 1906, but then put back to work by its new owner, William Caton. It worked by wind until autumn 1919 and the sails were removed the following spring. No auxiliary power was provided, the mill working by wind alone.
Description
Clavering Mill
No details are known of this mill, although it would have had Common sails when built. It is not known whether there was a roundhouse or not.
North Mill
North Mill is a five-storey tower mill with a beehive cap, winded by a fantail. It had four Single Patent sails, which rotated clockwise. The Upright Shaft is wooden, as is the clasp arm Great Spur Wheel, which drove three pairs of millstones overdrift.
South mill
South Mill is a four-storey tower mill with a beehive cap with a gallery. It was winded by a fantail It had four Single Spring sails. The mill drove two pairs of French Burr millstones.
Millers
Post
William Hill 1702
Thomas Nottage 1802
James Pavitt 1804 - 1845
South
Henry Salmon 1772 - 1804
Henry Moore 1840–1850
William Overill 1849
Zachariah Livings 1861
Robert Spencer 1871
William Caton 1906 - 1919
North
James Pavitt 1811–1845
James Pavitt Jr 1845 - 1850
Spencer 1879
William Caton 1906 –
A E Caton 1935
References for above:-
External links
Windmill World webpage on South Mill
Windmill World webpage on North Mill
References
Post mills in the United Kingdom
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Grade II listed buildings in Essex
Grade II listed windmills
Clavering, Essex
Ballyroan () is a suburban area within Rathfarnham, County Dublin, Ireland. It lies at the foot of the Dublin mountains, alongside Ballyboden, Butterfield, Knocklyon, Old Orchard, and Scholarstown. The townland of Ballyroan crosses civil parish and barony boundaries with roughly 114 acres of the historical townland in the civil parish of Tallaght in the barony of Uppercross, and nearly 10 acres in the civil parish of Rathfarnham in the barony of Rathdown. The modern suburb of Ballyroan has extended somewhat beyond the traditional townland boundaries.
The centre of Ballyroan contains the Ballyroan Community & Youth Centre, the Rosemount Shopping Centre, the parish church which opened in December 1967 and which possesses two murals inside by the artist, Seán Keating, and the Ballyroan public library which opened in 1986. The library closed in September 2011 and was demolished. A new library twice the size of the original was built at the same site at a cost of €2.6 million and opened on 18 February 2013.
Education
There are two secondary schools, Sancta Maria College and Coláiste Éanna, and a local Scout Group.
Transport
Ballyroan is served by the 15B bus route.
Gallery
References
Rathfarnham
Towns and villages in South Dublin (county)
This is a list of defunct airlines of Jamaica.
See also
List of airlines of Jamaica
List of airports in Jamaica
References
Jamaica
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
The Law Forbids is a 1924 American drama film directed by Jess Robbins and written by Lois Zellner and Ford Beebe. The film stars Baby Peggy, Robert Ellis, Elinor Fair, Winifred Bryson, James Corrigan, and Anna Dodge. The film was released on April 7, 1924, by Universal Pictures.
Plot
As described in a film magazine review, playwright Paul Remsen and their wife Rhoda separate. Rhoda takes their daughter Peggy with them to live in the country, where Peggy has a pet rooster named Alexander. Peggy makes their way to New York City in search of their father. They have become entangled with a vamp actor Inez Lamont, who is in a new play they have written. The child wanders first backstage and then onto the stage on the opening night of the production. Through them a reconciliation occurs between the parents.
Cast
A Universal Pictures publication showing the cast for the film includes Robert Bolder, Merta Sterling, and Vola Vale, who may all have had uncredited roles, possibly in the stage production.
Preservation
An incomplete copy of The Law Forbids is held in a film collection in the Netherlands.
References
External links
Lobby card at www.alamy.com
1924 films
1920s English-language films
Silent American drama films
1924 drama films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Jess Robbins
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
Bruno Boscardin (born 2 February 1970 in Le Grand-Saconnex) is a former Swiss racing cyclist. They held an Italian citizenship, and was naturalized as Swiss in 1997.
Major results
1994
1st stage 1 Hofbrau Cup
1996
1st Tour du Haut Var
1st stage 7 Paris–Nice
1997
1st stage 4 Tour du Limousin
1999
1st Tour du Lac Léman
1st stage 3 Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
References
1970 births
Living people
Swiss male cyclists
Italian male cyclists
Sportspeople from the canton of Geneva
House of Raging Women is the fifth album of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers, Gilbert and Jaime, and published in 1988.
The cover of the compilation is by Jaime Hernandez (Xaime), the back cover by Gilbert (Beto).
Contents
These stories are dated 1984–1988.
Chronology
Previous album: Tears from Heaven <-> Next album: Duck Feet.
Comics publications
1988 graphic novels
Fantagraphics titles
This is a list of schools in India grouped by state/UT. Where a state or city has its own list, it is linked without duplicating the names here.There are more than 1.5 million schools in India, so we only list those with Wikipedia articles.
Andhra Pradesh
Anantapur
Guntur
East Godavari
Krishna
Nellore
Vishakapatnam
West Godavari
Other locations
Arunachal Pradesh
Assam
Guwahati
Bihar
Bettiah
Bhagalpur
Patna
Other locations
Chandigarh
Chhattisgarh
Delhi
Goa
Gujarat
Ahmedabad
Rajkot
Vadodara
Surat
Other locations
Haryana
Faridabad
Gurgaon
Other locations
Himachal Pradesh
Jammu and Kashmir
Jharkhand
Bokaro
Dhanbad
Jamshedpur
Ranchi
Other
Karnataka
Bangalore
Other locations
Kerala
Madhya Pradesh
Maharashtra
Manipur
Meghalaya
Christian Girls' Higher Secondary School, Tura
Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong
St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong
Mizoram
Nagaland
Odisha
Pondicherry
Punjab
Rajasthan
Sikkim
Taktse International School
Tashi Namgyal Academy
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Hyderabad
Warangal
Other locations
Tripura
Uttar Pradesh
Allahabad
Faizabad
Ghaziabad
Kanpur
Kanpur Dehat
Lucknow
Meerut
Noida
Other locations
Uttarakhand
West Bengal
National chains
See also
Education in India
List of boarding schools in India
List of international schools in India
List of Jesuit secondary schools in India
References
In chemistry, chromism is a process that induces a change, often reversible, in the colors of compounds. In most cases, chromism is based on a change in the electron states of molecules, especially the π- or d-electron state, so this phenomenon is induced by various external stimuli which can alter the electron density of substances. It is known that there are many natural compounds that have chromism, and many artificial compounds with specific chromism have been synthesized to date.
Chromism is classified by what kind of stimuli are used. Examples of the major kinds of chromism are as follows.
thermochromism is chromism that is induced by heat, that is, a change of temperature. This is the most common chromism of all.
photochromism is induced by light irradiation. This phenomenon is based on the isomerization between two different molecular structures, light-induced formation of color centers in crystals, precipitation of metal particles in a glass, or other mechanisms.
electrochromism is induced by the gain and loss of electrons. This phenomenon occurs in compounds with redox active sites, such as metal ions or organic radicals.
solvatochromism depends on the polarity of the solvent. Most solvatochromic compounds are metal complexes.
There are many more chromisms and these are listed below in .
The output from the chromisms described above is observed by a change in the absorption spectra of the chromic material. An increasingly important group of chromisms are those where changes are displayed in their emission spectra. Hence they are called fluorochromisms, exemplified by solvatofluorochromism, electrofluorochromism and mechanofluorochromism.
Chromic phenomena
Chromic phenomena are those phenomena in which color is produced when light interacts with materials, often called chromic materials in a variety of ways. These can be categorized under the following five headings:
Stimulated (reversible) color change
The absorption and reflection of light
The absorption of energy followed by the emission of light
The absorption of light and energy transfer (or conversion)
The manipulation of light.
Color change phenomena
Those phenomena which involve the change in color of a chemical compound under an external stimulus fall under the generic term of chromisms. They take their individual names from the type of the external influence, which can be either chemical or physical, that is involved. Many of these phenomena are reversible. The following list includes all the classic chromisms plus many others of increasing interest in newer outlets.
Photochromism – color change caused by light.
Thermochromism – color change caused by temperature.
Electrochromism – color change caused by an electric current.
Gasochromism- color change caused by a gas - hydrogen/oxygen redox.
Solvatochromism – color change caused by solvent polarity.
Concentratochromism – color change caused by changes in the concentration in the medium
Rigidichromism – color change caused by changes in the rigidity of the medium.
Vapochromism – color change caused by vapour of an organic compound due to chemical polarity/polarisation.
Ionochromism – color change caused by ions.
Halochromism – color change caused by a change in pH.
Metallochromism – color change caused by metal ions.
Mechanochromism – color change caused by mechanical actions.
Tribochromism – color change caused by mechanical friction.
Piezochromism – color change caused by mechanical pressure.
Cathodochromism – color change caused by electron beam irradiation.
Radiochromism – color change caused by ionising radiation.
Magnetochromism – color change caused by magnetic field.
Biochromism – color change caused by interfacing with a biological entity.
Amorphochromism – color change caused by changes in crystalline habitat.
Cryochromism – color change caused by lowering of temperature.
Hydrochromism – color change caused by interaction with bulk water or humidity.
Chronochromism – color change indirectly as a result of the passage of time.
Aggregachromism – color change on dimerisation/aggregation of chromophores.
Crystallochromism – color change due to changes in crystal structure of a chromophore.
Sorptiochromism – color change when a species is surface adsorbed.
There are also chromisms which involve two or more stimuli. Examples include:
Photoelectrochromism – Photovoltachromism – Bioelectrochromism – Solvatophotochromism – Thermosolvatochromism – Halosolvatochromism – Electromechanochromism.
Color changes are also observed on the interaction of metallic nanoparticles and their attached ligands with another stimulus. Examples include plasmonic solvatochromism, plasmonic ionochromism, plasmonic chronochromism and plasmonic vapochromism.
Commercial applications
Color change materials have been used in several very common outlets but also in an increasing number of new ones. Commercial applications include photochromics in ophthalmics, fashion/cosmetics, security, sensors, optical memory and optical switches, thermochromics in paints, inks, plastics and textiles as indicators/sensors and in architecture, ionochromics in copy paper, direct thermal printing and textile sensors, electrochromics in car mirrors, smart windows, flexible devices and solar protection, solvatochromics in biological probes and sensors, gasochromics in windows and gas sensors.
Dyes and pigments
Classical dyes and pigments produce color by the absorption and reflection of light; these are the materials that make a major impact on the color of our daily lives. In 2000, world production of organic dyes was 800,000 tonnes and of organic pigments, 250,000 tonnes and the volume has grown at a steady rate throughout the early years of this century. In 2019 the value of the organic dyes/pigments market is forecast to be $19.5bn. Their value is exceeded by the very large production of inorganic pigments. Organic dyes are used mainly to color textile fibers, paper, hair, leather, while pigments are used largely in inks, paints, plastic and cosmetics. Both are used in the growth area of the digital printing of textiles, paper and other surfaces.
Dyes are also made using the properties of chromic substances: Examples being
Photochromic dyes and
Thermochromic dyes
Luminescence
The absorption of energy followed by the emission of light is often described by the term luminescence. The exact term used is based on the energy source responsible for the luminescence as in color-change phenomena.
Electrical – electroluminescence Galvanoluminescence Sonoluminescence.
Photons (light) – Photoluminescence Fluorescence Phosphorescence Biofluorescence.
Chemical – Chemiluminescence Bioluminescence Electrochemiluminescence.
Thermal – Thermoluminescence Pyroluminescence Candololuminescence.
Electron Beam – Cathodoluminescence Anodoluminescence Radioluminescence.
Mechanical – Triboluminescence Fractoluminescence Mechanoluminescence Crystalloluminescence Lyoluminescence Elasticoluminescence.
Many of these phenomena are widely used in consumer products and other important outlets. Cathodoluminescence is used in cathode ray tubes, photoluminescence in fluorescent lighting and plasma display panels, phosphorescence in safety signs and low energy lighting, fluorescence in pigments, inks, optical brighteners, safety clothing, and biological and medicinal analysis and diagnostics, chemoluminescence and bioluminescence in analysis, diagnostics and sensors, and electroluminescence in the burgeoning areas of light-emitting diodes (LEDs/OLEDs), displays and panel lighting. Important new developments are taking place in the areas of quantum dots and metallic nanoparticles.
Light and energy transfer
Absorption of light and energy transfer (or conversion) involves colored molecules that can transfer electromagnetic energy, commonly in the form of a laser light source, to other molecules in another form of energy, such as thermal or electrical. These laser addressable colorants, also called near-infrared absorbers, are used in thermal energy conversion, photosensitisation of chemical reactions and the selective absorption of light. Applications areas include optical data storage, as organic photoconductors, as sensitisers in photomedicine, such as photodynamic therapy and photothermal therapy in the treatment of cancer, in photodiagnosis and phototheranostics, and in the photoinactivation of microbes, blood and insects. The absorption of natural sunlight by chromic materials/chromophores is exploited in solar cells for the production of electrical energy via solar cells, using both inorganic photovoltaics and organic materials (organic photovoltaics) and dye sensitized solar cells (DSSCs), and also in the production of useful chemicals via artificial photosynthesis. A developing area is the conversion of light into kinetic energy, often described under the generic term of lightdriven/molecular machines.
Light manipulation
Materials may be used to control and manipulate light via a variety of mechanisms to produce useful effects involving color. For instance, a change of orientation of molecules to produce a visual effect as in liquid crystal displays. Other materials operate by producing a physical effect, by interference and diffraction as in lustre pigments and optically variable pigments, colloidal photonic crystals and in holography. Increasingly inspiration is coming from Nature, in the form of bioinspired structural colors. Molecular materials are also used to increase the intensity of light by modifying its movement through the materials by electrical means, so increasing its intensity as in organic lasers, or in modifying the transmission of light through materials, as in opto-electronics, or by purely by all optical means as in optical limiters.
References
1. Bamfield Peter and Hutchings Michael, Chromic Phenomena; technological applications of colour chemistry, 3rd Edition, Royal Society of Chemistry, Cambridge, 2018. {EPUB }.
2. Vik Michal and Periyasamy Aravin Prince, Chromic Materials; Fundamentals, Measurements and Applications, Apple Academic Press, 2018. .
3. Ferrara Mariella and Murat Bengisu, Materials that Change Color: Smart Materials and Intelligent Design, Springer, 2014.
Photochemistry
Salvagno is an Italian surname. Notable persons with this name include:
Angela Salvagno (born 1976), American bodybuilder
Leandro Salvagno Rattaro (born 1984), Uruguayan rower
Maria Aurora Salvagno (born 1986), Italian sprinter
Caitlin Salvagno (born 1999), American photographer
Roger Federer and Max Mirnyi were the defending champions but only Mirnyi competed that year with Mahesh Bhupathi.
Bhupathi and Mirnyi lost in the second round to Arnaud Clément and Sébastien Grosjean.
Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett won in the final 6–2, 7–6(14–12) against Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge.
Seeds
Draw
Final
Top half
Bottom half
References
2004 NASDAQ-100 Open Men's Doubles Draw
2004 NASDAQ-100 Open
NASDAQ-100 Open - Men's Doubles
Ryan Christian (born January 7, 1986) is an American football wide receiver. They played college football at Texas Christian University (TCU), professionally in the Canadian Football League (CFL) with the Toronto Argonauts, and started as a running back on the Parma Panthers in the Italian Football League in 2012-2013.
Early life
Son of Richey and Jodi Christian, Ryan was born in Aledo, Texas on January 7, 1986. They attended and played for Aledo High School. They lettered four times in football and track & field, twice in soccer, and once in basketball. Christian carried 305 times for 2,166 yards, good for a 7.1 per carry average, and 28 touchdowns as a senior. They were en route to all-area, district co-MVP and all-state honors; they were also an academic all-state selection. Christian helped their team to the state semifinals, was a first-team all-district back, and was the Parker County Offensive MVP as a junior after rushing for 1,342 yards. They were named Newcomer of the Year as a first-year student, finished their prep career with 4,826 yards on 767 carries with 55 touchdowns, and also caught 69 passes for 1,245 yards and six scores. Christian returned one punt and one kickoff for a touchdown, accounting for 63 career TDs. They were the 2004 Newcomer of the Year in soccer, and their soccer team finished as the state runner-up in 2005, which was the year they were redshirted as a first-year student.
College career
Ryan played college football for Texas Christian University from 2006–2009. Their first collegiate reception went for six yards against San Diego State, and had a catch in the Air Force game. Christian had a 1-yard rush at Baylor in their collegiate debut. They carried for three yards the following week versus UC Davis, and totaled two tackles on special teams in the 12–3 win over Texas Tech.
In 2007, Christian moved from wide receiver to tailback during preseason camp. They had a career-best six receptions for 74 yards, including a season-long 25-yard grab at Air Force. They had 12 rushes for 42 yards while catching three passes for 30 yards in the 20-13 Texas Bowl win over Houston. Christian carried 12 times for 47 yards including a 2-yard touchdown in the 45–33 victory at San Diego State to close the regular season. They added two receptions for 17 yards against the Aztecs, had a 12-yard scoring run as part of 40 yards on nine attempts in the season-opening 27–0 win over Baylor, added two receptions versus the Bears, and ran for 41 yards on 10 carries to go with three receptions at Texas. Christian made their first collegiate start in the 21–7 win over SMU.
In 2008, they played in all 13 games with three starts, and moved back to their original position of tailback after beginning fall camp at wide receiver. Christian was a key part of TCU's offense. They ranked second in receptions (30), third in all-purpose yards (841) and fourth in rushing (386 yards). They rushed for a career-best 82 yards on 19 carries while adding four receptions for 21 yards in the 31–14 win over Stanford.
In 2009 in their senior year, they placed fourth on TCU with 24 receptions.posted their first two receiving touchdowns, 44 and 29 yards, en route to their first career 100-yard game. They totaled three receptions for 106 yards on the sunny afternoon at Qualcomm Stadium, had a 16-yard scoring reception against Utah, totaled a season-best five receptions for 48 yards against the Utes, and also had five catches for 40 yards in the Tostitos Fiesta Bowl versus Boise State. Christian contributed three catches in the 14–10 win at Clemson. They also saw action at tailback during the season, rushing for 66 yards on 14 carries, and ran for a season-best 28 yards on seven attempts in the opener at Virginia. They had a season-long 23-yard gain against UNLV, and after, added two receptions versus the Rebels. They had two catches at Wyoming, including a 29-yard pickup. Christian averaged 25.4 yards on five kickoff returns for the season and had a career-long 43-yard kickoff return in the New Mexico game.
Professional career
After graduating from TCU, Christian signed with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL). In the 2010 season, Christian caught 9 passes for 103 yards and returned 19 kickoffs for 458 yards, Avg 24.1, with a record 110 yard return for a touchdown.
.
Italian Football League
In 2012, Christian signed with the Parma Panthers that is based in Italy. Christian, who is extremely strong in their faith, said they do not have any desire to play in the NFL in the near-future and is "perfectly happy where The Lord has [him]" with the Parma Panthers. In the 2013 season for Parma, Christian scored 9 touchdowns with 521 rushing yards, 351 receiving yards, and 164 return yards. .
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
Living people
1986 births
Players of American football from Texas
American football wide receivers
Canadian football wide receivers
American players of Canadian football
TCU Horned Frogs football players
Toronto Argonauts players
People from Aledo, Texas
American expatriate sportspeople in Italy
American expatriate players of American football
Sir Cuthbert Buckell (or Buckle) was a 16th-century English merchant and Lord Mayor of London. They were born in Westmorland, the son of Christopher Buckle. They were a member of the Vintners Company of London. They later pursued political offices, and was elected alderman of Farrington ward in 1582. That same year, they served a partial term as one of the Sheriffs of London, to finish the term of John Haydon, who had died in office. They were elected mayor in 1593. One notable event of their term was the Dutch Church Libel, in which bills were posted in London against French Protestant refugees; Buckell received a letter from the Privy Council urging them to find and interrogate those responsible. Buckell's term was also marked by a virulent epidemic of plague, as a result of which they ordered all of the theatres of London closed. They died before completing their term of office. Their term was completed by Richard Martin. They were a generous benefactor to Brough-under-Stainmore, both in life and in their will. They were buried at St Mary-at-Hill in London. Among their descendants was Sarah Crowe, wife of John Carpenter, 4th Earl of Tyrconnell.
References
16th-century lord mayors of London
Year of birth missing
1594 deaths
Place of death missing
People from Westmorland
16th-century English politicians
Sheriffs of the City of London
The Company of Strangers (US release title: Strangers in Good Company; French title: Le Fabuleux gang des sept) is a Canadian film, released in 1990. It was directed by Cynthia Scott and was written by Scott, Sally Bochner, David Wilson and Gloria Demers. The film depicts eight women on a bus tour, who are stranded at an isolated cottage when the bus breaks down.
Created in a genre defined as docufiction, semi-documentary/semi-fiction, the film is not tightly scripted. The writers wrote a basic story outline but allowed the eight women to improvise their dialogue. Each of the women, all but one of whom were senior citizens, told stories from their own life. A major theme of the film is how the elderly women each face aging and mortality in their own way, and find the courage together to persevere.
At various points throughout the film, a montage of photos from each woman's life is shown.
Cast
Alice Diabo as Alice, 74, a Mohawk elder from Kahnawake, Quebec,
Constance Garneau as Constance, 88, born in the United States and brought to Quebec by their family as a child,
Winifred Holden as Winnie, 76, an Englishwoman who moved to Montreal after World War II,
Cissy Meddings as Cissy, 76, who was born in England and moved to Canada in 1981,
Mary Meigs as Mary, 74, a noted feminist writer and painter and out lesbian,
Catherine Roche as Catherine, 68, a Roman Catholic nun,
Michelle Sweeney as Michelle, 27, a jazz singer and the bus trip's tour guide,
Beth Webber as Beth, 80, who was born in England and moved to Montreal in 1930.
Release
Home media
The DVD was released on December 7, 1999, by First Run Features as Strangers in Good Company. The back of the DVD cover states: "The original Canadian title, "The Company of Strangers" is on the DVD. In every other way it is the exact same film."
Reception
Accolades
The film won the Best Canadian Film award at the Vancouver International Film Festival and the Grand Prize and Interfilm awards at the Mannheim-Heidelberg International Film Festival in 1990.
At the 12th Genie Awards in 1991, Diabo and Meddings were nominated for Best Actress, Holden and Roche were nominated for Best Supporting Actress, and the film was nominated for Best Picture. The film won the Genie Award for Best Film Editing.
Popularity
Mary Meigs wrote a book about their experience in making the film, In the Company of Strangers (1991).
See also
List of LGBT-related films directed by women
Docufiction
List of docufiction films
References
External links
The Company of Strangers at National Film Board of Canada
The Company of Strangers at Canadian Women Film Directors Database
Strangers in Good Company at First Run Features
1990 films
1990 documentary films
1990 LGBT-related films
Quebec films
Canadian docufiction films
Canadian LGBT-related films
Canadian road movies
Documentary films about women
Documentary films about old age
Films about buses
Lesbian-related films
National Film Board of Canada films
1990s female buddy films
Canadian independent films
1990 independent films
1990s English-language films
1990s Canadian films
The Lion-Peugeot Type V4C3 was a motor car produced near Valentigney by the French auto-maker Lion-Peugeot between 1912 and 1913. It was the manufacturer's first car with a four-cylinder engine. 653 were produced.
The V4C3 was propelled using a four-cylinder 1,725 cm³ four-stroke engine, mounted ahead of the driver. This was the first, and till now (2012) the only Peugeot to feature a V4 engine. A maximum 9 hp of power was delivered to the rear wheels.
The car was the first of several Lion-Peugeot models that became known as a Lion-Peugeot 10 hp. This was a reference to the car's fiscal horse power, applying a system of car classification for taxation purposes then being established in France. Tax horsepower then, and for several decades to come, was defined purely as a function of the combined surface area of the engine's cylinders, this being far easier to assess consistently and accurately than the actual power produced by an engine. At this stage fiscal horse-power tended to equate approximately to actual horse-power, although the two would diverge subsequently, as engines became more efficient at extracting power from a given sum of cylinder diameters. Eventually, in the second half of the twentieth century, more complex (and less internationally consistent) definitions of fiscal horse power would replace those defined only by cylinder diameters.
The V4C3 shared its 2,250 mm wheelbase with the manufacturer's models from the previous year such as their twin-cylinder Type V2C3. The 3,200 mm (approximately) body length provided space for between two and four people depending on the body specified. The wide range of different body types offered followed a pattern that by now would have been familiar to many Lion-Peugeot buyers. It included a Phaeton, a Torpedo, a Limousine, a Landaulet, a “Touring Car”, a Coupé, a delivery van and a sports car.
Lion-Peugeot and Peugeot: the difference
“Lion-Peugeot” is the name under which in 1906 Robert Peugeot and their two brothers, independently of their cousin Armand's "Automobiles Peugeot" company, established a car manufacturing business at Beaulieu near Valentigney. Ten years earlier the automobile pioneer Armand Peugeot had split away from the family business after a long-standing disagreement over how intensively the company should diversify into larger scale automobile production. An agreement had at that time been entered into between Armand's “Automobiles Peugeot” company and the residual Peugeot business that the residual business should concentrate on its established metal tools and components businesses along with its successful bicycle manufacturing activities, while Armand would have Peugeot branded powered vehicles to himself. During the ensuing ten years Armand's automobile business had grown rapidly, although it appears that the residual Peugeot business had probably not entirely avoided producing powered vehicles. In any event, under a new agreement signed in 1905, the residual Peugeot business made Armand an annual payment in return for which Armand consented to the residual business itself producing motor cars under the “Lion-Peugeot” name. The arrangement continued until 1910 after which (the death of Robert Peugeot's father Eugène having apparently removed a major impediment to the idea) the Lion-Peugeot business and the Peugeot automobiles business were merged into a single company. Nevertheless, some smaller models continued to be branded as “Lion-Peugeot” until 1916.
Sources and further reading
Harald H. Linz, Halwart Schrader: Die große Automobil-Enzyklopädie, BLV, München 1986,
Wolfgang Schmarbeck: Alle Peugeot Automobile 1890–1990, Motorbuch-Verlag. Stuttgart 1990.
1910s cars
Type V4C3
Vehicles introduced in 1912
Tab is a given name.
As a name for females, it may be a shortening of Tabitha.
Males known as "Tab" include:
Tab Baker (1959–2010), American actor
Tab Baldwin (born 1958), American-New Zealand basketball coach
Tab Benoit (born 1967), American guitarist and singer
Tab Hunter (1931–2018), American actor and musician
Tab Murphy, American screenwriter
Tab Perry (born 1982), former American football wide receiver
Tab Ramos (born 1966), American soccer player
Tab Smith (1909–1971), American swing and rhythm and blues alto saxophonist
Tab Thacker (1962–2007), former NCAA wrestler and actor
Tab Townsell, executive director of Metroplan
See also
Tab (disambiguation)
World government is the concept of a single political body that would make, interpret and enforce international law.
World government may also refer to:
World government (Mormonism), a prophecy in Mormon theology
World Government (One Piece), the fictional world of One Piece
World Government Party, a minor federalist political party in the United Kingdom
See also
Cosmopolitanism
Democratic World Federalists
Global governance
International Court of Justice
League of Nations
New World Order (conspiracy theory)
On World Government
Salomon Smith Barney World Government Bond Index
United Nations
World Federalist Movement
World government in science fiction
World state in Brave New World
Zoo zéro is a 1979 French film directed by Alain Fleischer and starring Klaus Kinski.
Cast
Catherine Jourdan - Eva
Klaus Kinski - Yavé
Pierre Clémenti - Ivo
Lisette Malidor - Ivy
Rufus - Yves
Piéral - Uwe
Alida Valli - Yvonne
Christine Chappey - Yvette
Anthony Steffen - Evariste
Jacky Belhassen - Yvon
Fabien Belhassen - Yvan
References
External links
1979 films
French science fiction drama films
1970s French-language films
1970s French films
The Fiat 10 HP was the fifth model of the Italian car manufacturer Fiat. Together with the Fiat 8 HP, it replaced the Fiat 6 HP, being an evolution of this model. The Fiat 6 HP had in turn been based on the Fiat 3.5 HP designed for FIAT by engineer Aristide Faccioli. Both the 6 HP and the 10 HP were also designed by Faccioli. The technology remained the same. However, the seating layout was changed: while the 6 HP offered vis-à-vis seating, the 10 HP was a Phaeton with two rows of seats.
While the 8 HP was specifically developed for commercial use as a taxi, there still were few private buyers for automobiles.
Like the 6 HP model, the 10 HP had a 2-cylinder petrol engine with 1082 cc with two valves per cylinder. This allowed a maximum power of 10 PS. The drive was via a 3-speed manual transmission with chain drive on the rear wheels. While a steering wheel (instead of a tiller bar) was only available as an option for the 6 HP, it was standard on the 10 HP. The price for a 10 HP with standard equipment amounted to 9,000 Italian liras. Probably due to the increase in consumption due to the higher weight the model was not a success for Fiat. Instead of 20 6 HP models, only 3 or 5 examples, depending on source, were built. In 1901 a successor model for both the 10 HP and the 8 HP was introduced, the Fiat 12 HP.
The car had a straight-2 engine with and a top speed of .
References
10 HP
Cars introduced in 1901
1900s cars
Veteran vehicles
The Choctaw bean (Villosa choctawensis) is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae. This species is found in the southeastern United States and is currently on the endangered species list. The species epithet and the common name are based on the name of the Choctaw people, Native Americans who were originally from the southeastern United States.
References
Villosa
Rosana Andrea Bertone (born 9 May 1972, in San Salvador, Entre Ríos) is an Argentine politician and the former Governor of Tierra del Fuego Province, serving from 2015 to 2019. Since 2019 they have been a National Deputy.
Political career
Bertone qualified as a lawyer in 1995 from the Faculty of Law and Social Sciences of the National University of the Littoral. In 2001 they were elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for Tierra del Fuego and was re-elected in 2005 and 2009. In 2010 they caused controversy when they opposed their party's plans to introduce same-sex marriage.
Bertone ran for Governor of Tierra del Fuego in the 2011 election but lost in the run-off vote to incumbent Governor Fabiana Ríos. Following the completion of their third term as a Deputy in 2013, Bertone was elected to the Argentine Senate for Tierra del Fuego. In 2015 they ran again for Governor, gaining 42.26% of the vote in the first round on June 21. On June 28 they defeated their opponent, Federico Sciurano, with over 50% of the vote to be elected Governor.
In 2017, Bertone condemned the Falkland Islands general election as an 'illegitimate legislative electoral act' and stated that the only 'legitimate' legislators for the islands were those elected in 2015 to the Legislature of Tierra del Fuego province, under whose jurisdiction the Falklands fall according to Argentina's sovereignty claim to the Islands.
Bertone sought re-election as governor in 2019, but lost in the first round to the FORJA candidate, Gustavo Melella. Bertone left office in December 2019 at the end of their term.
References
External links
Official website (in Spanish)
1972 births
Living people
20th-century Argentine lawyers
Women governors of provinces of Argentina
Governors of Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina
Justicialist Party politicians
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Tierra del Fuego
Members of the Argentine Senate for Tierra del Fuego
People from Entre Ríos Province
National University of the Littoral alumni
Argentine women lawyers
Women members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
Women members of the Argentine Senate
21st-century Argentine women politicians
21st-century Argentine politicians
Puma concolor couguar may refer to:
Eastern cougar, now extinct
North American cougar, once commonly found in eastern North America and still prevalent in the western half of the continent
The Hong Kong Bar Association (HKBA) is the professional regulatory body for barristers in Hong Kong. The Law Society of Hong Kong is the equivalent association for solicitors in Hong Kong.
Victor Dawes SC is the current chairperson of the Council of the HKBA.
History
According to its website, the Hong Kong Bar Association was founded in 1949. However, a newspaper advertisement from March 1948 records the foundation of the association on 12 March 1948 with Mr Eldon Potter KC being elected President, Mr H.D. Sheldon KC being elected chairperson and Mr Percy Chen being elected Secretary Treasurer. The offices of the Association were located in the offices of Mr Chen in Prince's Building, Hong Kong.
Role
The objects of the Hong Kong Bar Association are generally to consider and to take proper action on all matters affecting the legal profession and the administration of justice. These include:
the maintenance of the honour and independence of the Bar;
the improvement of the administration of justice in Hong Kong;
the prescribing of rules of professional conduct, discipline and etiquette;
furtherance of good relations and understanding within the legal profession.
Like other professional bodies, the HKBA has the authority to take disciplinary action to the members who breach the Code of Conduct of the Association. The Law Society of Hong Kong is the equivalent association for solicitors in Hong Kong.
Route to entry
Students must first complete a basic degree in law, such as the Bachelor of Laws (LLB), Juris Doctor (JD) or convert from another first degree with the Common Professional Examination (CPE).
They must then complete the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws (PCLL) at The University of Hong Kong, the City University of Hong Kong or The Chinese University of Hong Kong. From 2008 onwards, all overseas applicants to the PCLL must satisfy each element of the PCLL conversion programme.
After finishing PCLL, prospective barristers will enter pupillage with a pupilmaster for a year; after half a year they will gain rights of audience in court.
Overseas barristers may, having at least three years' experience, take the Barristers Qualification Examination to officially become a Hong Kong barrister.
Additionally, lawyers of at least three years' qualified experience may apply to switch membership of either the HKBA or The Law Society of Hong Kong. However, one may not enjoy membership of both entities at once. For example, the No. 1 ranked barrister in seniority in 2007, Sir John Swaine SC, switched to become a solicitor in 2002, but switched back in 2004. Solicitors seeking to qualify as barrister are required to do pupillage, however, the period may be shortened for those with substantial advocacy experience.
Number of practising barristers
As of January 2022, there were 98 Senior Counsel (88 male, 10 female), and 1,500 (1,300 male, 470 female) junior barristers in practice at the private bar in Hong Kong. There were 88 pupil barristers of whom 51 were male and 37 female.
Senior Counsel
After gaining ten years' experience as a barrister or government counsel in Hong Kong, a barrister admitted in Hong Kong may apply to become a Senior Counsel (SC) (資深大律師). Time in practice as a barrister or lawyer in another jurisdiction or as a solicitor in private practice in Hong Kong does not count. The Law Society of Hong Kong has called for this to be changed, so that solicitors may also be appointed Senior Counsel.
In colonial Hong Kong before 1997, the title was instead Queen's Counsel (QC) (御用大律師). After the transfer of sovereignty, Queen's Counsel who had been appointed QC in HK or British Queen's Counsel who had been admitted to practice in Hong Kong generally prior to the handover became Senior Counsel automatically.
List of chairpersons
By year:
1948 Eldon Potter KC, President, Harold Sheldon KC, Chairman
1949 Harold Sheldon KC
1950 Charles Loseby KC
1951 Leo D'Almada KC
1952 John McNeill KC/QC
1953 Charles Loseby QC
1954 Leo D'Almada QC
1955 John McNeill QC
1956 John McNeill QC
1957 Leo D'Almada QC
1958 John McNeill QC
1959 Leo D'Almada QC
1960 Lo Hin Shing
1961 Leo D'Almada QC
1962 Leo D'Almada QC
1963 Brook Bernacchi QC
1964 S.V. Gittins
1965 S.V. Gittins
1966 Oswald Cheung QC
1967 S.V. Gittins QC
1968 Gerald de Basto QC
1969 Gerald de Basto QC
1970 Gerald de Basto QC
1971 Henry Litton QC
1972 Henry Litton QC
1973 Gerald de Basto QC
1974 Archie Zimmern QC
1975 Charles Ching QC
1976 Charles Ching QC
1977 Henry Litton QC
1978 Henry Litton QC
1979 Henry Litton QC
1980 Martin Lee QC
1981 Martin Lee QC
1982 Martin Lee QC
1983 Henry Litton QC
1984 Henry Litton QC
1985 Denis Chang QC
1986 Denis Chang QC
1987 Denis Chang QC
1988 Robert Tang QC
1989 Robert Tang QC
1990 Anthony Rogers QC
1991 Anthony Rogers QC
1992 Jacqueline Leong QC
1993 Jacqueline Leong QC
1994 Ronny Wong QC
1995 Gladys Li QC
1996 Gladys Li QC
1997 Audrey Eu QC, SC
1998 Audrey Eu SC
1999 Ronny Tong SC
2000 Ronny Tong SC
2001 Alan Leong SC
2002 Alan Leong SC
2003 Edward Chan SC
2004 Edward Chan SC
2005 Philip Dykes SC
2006 Philip Dykes SC
2007 Rimsky Yuen SC
2008 Rimsky Yuen SC
2009 Russell Coleman SC
2010 Russell Coleman SC
2011 Kumar Ramanathan SC
2012 Kumar Ramanathan SC
2013 Paul Shieh SC
2014 Paul Shieh SC
2015 Winnie Tam SC
2016 Winnie Tam SC
2017 Paul Lam SC
2018 Philip Dykes SC
2019 Philip Dykes SC
2020 Philip Dykes SC
2021 Paul Harris SC
2022 Victor Dawes SC
By chairs (current chair in bold)
Harold Sheldon, KC (1948–49)
Charles Loseby, KC, QC (1950, 53)
Leo D'Almada, KC, QC (1951, 54, 57, 59, 61-62)
John McNeill, QC (1952, 55-56, 58)
Lo Hin Shing (1960)
Brook Bernacchi, QC (1963)
S.V. Gittins (1964–65, 67)
Oswald Cheung, QC (1966)
Gerald de Basto, QC (1968–70, 73)
Henry Litton, QC (1971–72, 77-79, 83-84)
Archie Zimmern, QC (1974)
Charles Ching, QC (1975–76)
Martin Lee, QC (1980–82)
Denis Chang, QC (1985–87)
Robert Tang, QC (1988–89)
Anthony Rogers, QC (1990–91)
Jacqueline Leong, QC (1992–93)
Ronny Wong, QC (1994)
Gladys Li, QC (1995–96)
Audrey Eu, QC, SC (1997–98)
Ronny Tong, SC (1999-2000)
Alan Leong, SC (2001–02)
Edward Chan, SC (2003–04)
Philip Dykes, SC (2005–06, 2018–20)
Rimsky Yuen, SC (2007–08)
Russell Coleman, SC (2009–10)
Kumar Ramanathan, SC (2011–12)
Paul Shieh, SC (2013–14)
Winnie Tam, SC (2015–16)
Paul Lam, SC (2017)
Paul Harris, SC (2021)
Victor Dawes, SC (2022– )
See also
Law Society of Hong Kong
Bar association
Bar council
Postgraduate Certificate in Laws
References
External links
Hong Kong Bar Association Official homepage
Code of Conduct of the Hong Kong Bar
Bar Association
Bar associations of Asia
1949 establishments in Hong Kong
Professional associations based in Hong Kong
Barristers of Hong Kong
Organizations established in 1949
is a train station in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1924
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Olof Sundström (born 1980) is a Swedish adventurer, high altitude mountaineer, solo sailor and inspirational speaker.
 They are most noted, together with Martin Letzter, as the first person to climb and ski off the Seven Summits.
Life
Sundström holds a M.Sc. in Engineering and a M.Sc. in Business Strategy from Lund University, Sweden, and ETH, Switzerland.  They are a management consultant for the Boston Consulting Group.  They are also a military officer in the Swedish Marines and a trained Combat diver.
 They are married to Petra Sundström and has three children.
 They are a fellow of The Explorers Club. They live in the Bay Area, United States.
Expeditions
In 2003 to 2008, Olof climbed and skied down from the highest peaks on each continent, including Mount Elbrus, 5643m, Russia, Denali, 6193m, Alaska, Aconcagua, 6962m, Argentina, Carstensz Pyramid, 4884m, Papua Province, Mount Kosciuszko, 2228m, Australia, Mount Kilimanjaro, 5895m, Tanzania, Vinson Massif, 4892m, Antarctica and Mount Everest, 8848 m, Nepal/Tibet.
In 2004, they also made an attempt to solo climb and ski mt. Cho Oyu, 8201m, Tibet, the sixth highest mountain in the world, but had to abandon the climb due to severe high altitude sickness. Later the same year, they sailed from Sweden to Australia in a 8m/28 ft boat, including a solo crossing of the Pacific Ocean. In 2008, they broke the speed record overland across Africa, from the Cape of Good Hope to the Great Pyramid of Giza 9000 km north (despite having to fly over the border of Sudan and Egypt due to a lack of roads).
In 2010, they made a horseback expedition together with their wife Petra across South America, from the Atlantic Coast south of Bahía Blanca, Argentina, across the Andes to the coast of the Pacific in Chile. In 2012, the couple, together with their then eight month old son, followed the Colorado River, from the source in the Rocky Mountains to the sea in the Gulf of California, Mexico 2330 km away, using a foldable canoe and bikes. In 2013, they successfully raced the Tuareg desert rally in North Africa, along parts of the classic route of the Dakar Rally. In 2016 they sailed a traditional Ngalawa along the east coast of Africa, from southern Tanzania to Zanzibar.
Since 2015, Olof has been chasing the record for the longest vertical line ever skied, including a failed attempt 2015 on Mount Saint Elias, 5489m, Alaska, that had to be abandoned due to snow conditions, and the lack of a constantly skiable line from the summit to the sea. In 2017, they successfully climbed and skied down Mount Logan, 5959m, the highest peak in Canada, but was not able to ski all the way to sea level.
Other notable mountains climbed and skied include Rwenzori Mountains, 5109m, Democratic Republic of the Congo/Uganda, Aoraki / Mount Cook, 3724m, the highest peak in New Zealand, and Mt. Ararat, 5123 m, the highest mountain in Turkey.
In 2022, they are participating in the Mongol Derby endurance horse race.
Records
Olof was the first person together with Martin Letzter, to ski off the peaks of the Seven Summits, as defined by Reinhold Messner. They were also the first Swede to climb the Seven Summits. They hold the speed record overland across Africa, "Cape to Cairo", in 13 days and 18 hours.
Accidents and Rescue Missions
Olof caught Pulmonary edema during a climb of mt. Cho Oyu in Tibet 2004 at 7900 m. and was carried down the mountain by yak herders. They later got stuck in the Typhoon "Sonca" during a solo sail across the Pacific 2005. Together with Martin Letzter and two Sherpas, Olof conducted the search on Mt Everest for climber Tomas Olsson, who fell to their death in 2006. They found the body after four days at 6700m below the Hornbein Couloir and carried the body down to the base camp.
Together with Martin Letzter, Olof helped rescue ten climbers that had got stuck in a Bivouac shelter in a Snowstorm after one member took a fall in a Crevasse, halfway up the Vinson Massif in Antarctica in 2006, among them the Swedish climber Fredrik Sträng.
Works
Martin Letzer and Olof Sundström, Ad hock rocks: Seven summits på skidor (Prisma, 2007),
'Risk Management at a high level: A risk assessment of Expedition Travel' (unpublished MA thesis, Lund University of Technology)
References
Swedish mountain climbers
Summiters of the Seven Summits
1980 births
Living people
Lund University alumni
ETH Zurich alumni
Mount Ararat
Márius Charizopulos (born 9 November 1990) is a Slovak football midfielder who plays for Austrian club SC-ESV Parndorf 1919.
Family and Career
Charizopulos has a Greek origin because their grandfather was from Greece and they married their Slovak wife and they had three sons. Márius was born in Slovakia, to a father with Greek origin and a Slovak mother. Márius's brother Nikolaos is also footballer who currently plays for Čermáňsky FK Nitra. Márius' cousin Leonidas is a footballer, too.
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
They made their professional debut for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce against Spartak Myjava on 1 April 2014.
References
External links
Futbalnet profile
Corgoň Liga profile
Eurofotbal profile
1990 births
Sportspeople from Nitra
Slovak people of Greek descent
Living people
Slovak footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa players
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
FC Nitra players
Győri ETO FC players
Spartak Myjava players
SC-ESV Parndorf 1919 players
Slovak Super Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Nemzeti Bajnokság II players
Austrian Landesliga players
Slovak expatriate footballers
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Mondpaca Esperantista Movado (MEM; World Peace Esperantist Movement) was an Esperanto association founded in 1953 in St. Pölten, Austria, by . Its aim was "utiligi Esperanton serve al paco kaj reciproka kompreno inter la popoloj" (to use Esperanto to serve peace and reciprocal understanding between peoples). Its official magazine was PACO.
From 1959 to 1963 its vice president was . In 1983, it began to collaborate with the World Esperanto Association (UEA).
During the Cold War, MEM was able to conduct official activities on behalf of Esperanto in East Bloc countries on the condition that it must support their Communist governments and the Soviet viewpoint.
See also
List of anti-war organizations
References
Esperanto organizations
Organizations established in 1953
Peace organisations based in Austria
The Best Worst-Case Scenario is the first album released by Tooth & Nail Records alternative rock band Fair, which features notable musician and record producer Aaron Sprinkle. The album was released on June 6, 2006.
In 2007, the album artwork, designed by Invisible Creature was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Recording Packaging.
Track listing
"Monday" – 3:16
"The Attic" – 4:03
"Carelessness" – 4:22
"The Dumbfound Game" – 3:43
"Pause" – 4:13
"Grab Your Coat" – 2:16
"Bide My Crime" – 3:04
"Get You Out Alive" – 4:06
"Cut Down Sideways" – 3:47
"Confidently Dreaming" – 3:32
"Blurry Eyed" – 3:16
"Unglued" – 5:14
Album credits
Produced and Recorded by Aaron Sprinkle and Fair
Mixed by J.R. McNeely
Recorded and mixed at Compound Recording, Seattle
Background vocals on "Unglued" recorded at Rosewood Studios, Tyler, TX
"Pause" was mixed by J.R. McNeely at Paragon Studios, Franklin, TN
"Grab Your Coat" was mixed by Aaron Sprinkle at Compound Recording.
Additional recording and mixes assisted by Aaron Lipinski
Drum Tech: Aaron Mlasko
Vocals on "Monday" recorded at Randy Torres
Masted by Troy Glessner at Spectre Mastering
Joey Sanchez plays Mlasko quality custom drums
A&R: josh Jeter & Jeff Carver
Executive producer: Brandon Ebel
Art direction & Design: Asterik Studio, Seattle
All Photography by Greg Lutze
Additional musicians
Sherri & Stacy DuPree (Eisley) - Vocals on "Unglued"
John Davis - Vocals & Pedal Steel on "Get You Out Alive"
Brynn Sanchez - Vocals on "The Attic"
Lars Katz - Acoustic guitars on "Pause" & "Confidently Dreaming"
Phil Peterson - Cello & Strings Arrangement on "Blurry Eyed"
Victoria Parker - Violin on "Blurry Eyed"
Jesse Sprinkle (Aaron's brother) - Vocals on "Blurry Eyed"
Matt Carter (Emery) - Stomps on "Pause"
References
2006 debut albums
Tooth & Nail Records albums
Albums produced by Aaron Sprinkle
3,4-Epoxycyclohexylmethyl-3',4'-epoxycyclohexane carboxylate (ECC) is a cycloaliphatic epoxy resin which is used in many industrial applications. It reacts by cationic polymerization using thermolatent photoinitiators to form crosslinked insoluble thermosets. Formulations based on cycloaliphatic epoxy resins such as ECC are known to form by curing thermosets with high heat and chemical resistance and good adhesion.
History
The homopolymerization of ECC is based on radiation curing, which proceeds via a photochemical formation of a super acid and subsequent cationic polymerization. This was the first time realized in the 1970s.
Fabrication
ECC can be prepared via Tishchenko reaction of tetrahydrobenzaldehyde and subsequent epoxidation with a peracid.
Properties
ECC has a dynamic viscosity of 400 mPa·s at 25 °C.
Reactivity
For homopolymerization of ECC 1.5 to 3 wt. % of an initiator are added. Above 3 wt% initiator no further acceleration was found, increasing proportions of initiators, however, increase the brittleness of the formed thermoset. After a photopolymerization usually still a thermal post-curing is necessary for a complete reaction.
It is known that the reactivity of the monomer is lower than it could be, since the contained ester group can react with the reactive, polymerizing chain end and stabilize it. It therefore reacts significantly slower than other molecules without ester group. ECC polymerizes also much slower than radical monomers. It is therefore the object of research to find cationic polymerizable monomers with higher polymerization rate but same performance.
Crosslinking
Cationically crosslinked ECC is used in a variety of industrial applications, due to its low viscosity, excellent electrical properties and high reliability among others as an electrical insulator, as coating and adhesive or as printing ink. Homopolymerized ECC, however, is extremely brittle, which is disadvantageous. This problem can be addressed by integration of elastomer particles in the epoxy matrix, such as rubber or silicone, by integration of inorganic fillers or by plasticization due to polymerization in the presence of polyester polyols. The latter are covalently integrated via the monomer-activated mechanism into the polymer network.
References
Literature
Cyclohexanes
Carboxylate esters
Epoxides
Alois Reinhard was a Swiss rower. They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men's coxless pair where they were eliminated in the quarter-final.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Swiss male rowers
Olympic rowers of Switzerland
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Peter Eneas Nanyemba, (also known as Ndilimani Lyomukunda Wamupolo), (1935–1983) was a commander of the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) during the Namibian War of Independence. Nanyemba worked as a diplomat, representing SWAPO in Botswana and Tanzania, before they were elected as the party Secretary of Defence in 1970. They played an important role as the chief organizer of PLAN during the beginning stages of the war of independence. Nanyemba is considered a national hero in Namibia.
Early years and career
Nanyemba was born and grew up in Ovamboland in the north of Namibia and had to work as a herder during their school years. They subsequently moved to Walvis Bay where they participated in the circles critical of the apartheid regime. They joined the Ovamboland People's Organization (OPO) in 1958 while working in Walvis Bay. Nanyemba became aware of the harshness of the colonial and apartheid system. They were inspired and encouraged by many who shared their vision of a free and independent Namibia. When SWAPO was formed in 1960, Nanyemba became one of its leading activists and was later elected as its secretary for the Walvis Bay branch where they started with anti-colonial campaigns and mobilization of the masses of the people to resist colonial authority. As a result, they were arrested in 1961, detained, and deported back to Ovamboland.
In 1962, Nanyemba left Namibia to join other SWAPO leaders abroad in Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania. They quickly rose through the ranks and was appointed as Chief Representative for SWAPO in Botswana in 1963. They were recalled back to Tanzania in 1964 to serve as Chief Representative for East Africa, a position they held until 1969. During the controversial SWAPO Tanga Consultative Conference that took place between 1969 and 1970, Nanyemba was elected SWAPO Secretary of Defence, a crucial position at the time as the struggle for independence was getting more intense.
Following the collapse of the Portuguese colonial empire in Africa in 1974 thousand young Namibians fled the country via Angola to join SWAPO and thus swelled the ranks of PLAN. It was at this stage of the struggle that Nanyemba began to play an important role in developing and organising PLAN into a real guerrilla fighting force. They were instrumental in arranging training and equipping PLAN. Under their leadership in 1977, the Swapo Military Council was reconstituted as the highest decision making body of PLAN. They became the first chairperson of the military council and chaired it until 1982, when Sam Nujoma as commander in chief took over. In 1977, with the help of the Soviet military advisers they established the Tobias Hainyeko Training Centre (THTC) in Lubango. The four military regions, Eastern, North Eastern, Northern and North Western, were created under their leadership in 1977. They help set up another training centre, Jumbo Training Centre (JTC), west of Lubango in 1978. In 1979, under their supervision, the Operational Command Headquarters (OCHQ) was established. This was the headquarters of PLAN. Nanyemba had many achievements with PLAN under their leadership as SWAPO Secretary for Defence making PLAN the effective and efficient fighting machine it was.
Death
Nanyemba was killed on 1 April 1983 in a car accident in Lubango in the Angola's Huila Province, when their car collided with a petrol tanker. Their remains were repatriated from Angola 31 years after their death and reburied at Windhoek Heroes Acre.
A primary school was built and named after them in Angola in 2005, also a rehabilitation of the cemetery and a monument outside Lubango at the cost of N$8,5 million.
References
1935 births
1983 deaths
Ovambo people
National heroes of Namibia
Members of SWAPO
People's Liberation Army of Namibia personnel
Road incident deaths in Angola
Namibian expatriates in Botswana
Namibian expatriates in Tanzania
Balkhash District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Bakanas. Population:
Geography
Balkhash region is located in the northwestern part of Almaty Region. It occupies the territory from the Malaysarinsky ridges in the southeast to the southern coast of the lake Balkhash, in the north - part of the desert Saryesik-Atyrau Desert, in the west and south - the sands of Taukum. The relief is flat. The climate is continental. Winter is cold, summer is hot and dry. The average temperatures in January are -13-15°C, in July 24°C. The average annual amount of precipitation is 100-150 mm. The largest river is Ili with a length of 1001 km. The Akdala irrigation system was laid along its right bank.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Kolby Alexandra Koloff (born May 14, 1996) is an American Christian musician, who primarily plays a Christian pop style of worship music. Them first extended play, Grow, was released by Maxx Recordings in 2015 where its single, "Grow", was their entrant Billboard magazine song.
Early life
Koloff was born Kolby Alexandra Koloff, on May 14, 1996, in Kannapolis, North Carolina, the youngest daughter of Nikita Koloff and their second wife Victoria. They used to be an actor on Preachers' Daughters, before starting their singing and songwriting career.
Music career
Koloff's music recording career commenced in 2015, with their first extended play, Grow, that was released on October 2, 2015, by Maxx Recordings. The single, "Grow", was their debut entrant on the Billboard magazine Christian Airplay chart, where it peaked at No. 34.
Kolby presented at the 5th Annual We Love Christian Music Awards which was broadcast on JUCE TV.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
References
External links
Official twitter page
1996 births
Living people
American performers of Christian music
Musicians from North Carolina
Musicians from Tennessee
Songwriters from North Carolina
Songwriters from Tennessee
Karl Jordan (born 15 November 1894, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer. They played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1916 to 1917.
References
External links
1894 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Kenny Mims is a veteran music producer, composer and session player born in Muscle Shoals, Alabama in 1953. They have produced for Kenny Rogers and Marty Robbins and played guitar for Hank Williams, Jr., Kenny Rogers and Tanya Tucker.
Their first work was with "southern soul" artist Bobby Lance on "Rolling Man" [Atlantic SD7218, 1972]. Mims was instrumental in creating the Bonepony southern stomp rock style, writing, producing and performing on most of the songs for their debut album "Stomp Revival".
References
1953 births
Living people
People from Muscle Shoals, Alabama
Guitarists from Alabama
Record producers from Alabama
20th-century American guitarists
Scyllarus is a genus of slipper lobsters from the Atlantic Ocean, including the Mediterranean and Caribbean. Until 2002, the genus included far more species, but these are now placed in other genera. The following species remain in Scyllarus:
Scyllarus americanus (Smith, 1869)
Scyllarus arctus (Linnaeus, 1758)
Scyllarus caparti Holthuis, 1952
Scyllarus chacei Holthuis, 1960
Scyllarus depressus (Smith, 1881)
Scyllarus paradoxus Miers, 1881
Scyllarus planorbis Holthuis, 1969
Scyllarus pygmaeus (Bate, 1888)
Scyllarus subarctus Crosnier, 1970
References
Achelata
Jörg Huffschmid (19 February 1940 – 5 December 2009) was a German economist. They held a chair at the University of Bremen.
Born in Cologne, Huffschmid attended the University of Freiburg, University of Paris, and Free University of Berlin, majoring in philosophy and economics. They earned their Diplom in 1963, and their Ph.D. in 1967.
External links
Website at the University of Bremen
Obituary
In memoriam de Jörg Huffschmid, economista, 2010. Miren Etxezarreta Revista de Economía Crítica nr. 9. (pdf)
1940 births
2009 deaths
German economists
Free University of Berlin alumni
University of Bremen faculty
Writers from Cologne
To Shatter the Sky, subtitled Bomber Airfield at War, is a book and also a BBC television programme of the same name by the military historian, author and screenwriter Bruce Barrymore Halpenny.
The author was already working on the book when they were approached by the BBC to produce a related theme for a history programme, hence the book and programme sharing the same name. The programme was aired on BBC1 in late 1983 and the book launched in early 1984.
The book
The book () tells of the day-to-day activities at bomber stations between 1939 and 1945, where the author had meticulously researched their material. It draws extensively on reminiscences from surviving crew members who served at stations such as Waddington, Scampton, Skellingthorpe, Binbrook, Fiskerton, Bardney, Woodhall Spa, and many others.
The book also recalls the stories of those that did not survive or were shot down over enemy territory. A routine flight from RAF Skellingthorpe that turned into a nightmare, and memories of raids on Nuremberg, Düsseldorf and Hamburg, where airmen watched their comrades shot out of the sky by a barrage of deadly enemy flak, all help to paint a picture of what it was like to be an airman based in wartime England.
The TV programme
The book was the basis for a BBC television programme with the same title, which plots the history and present conditions of seven RAF and USAF airfields in the East Midlands. Halpenny scripted the programme and merged wartime film footage with up-to-date shots. The film cameraman was Dick Kursa, the film editor was John Rosser, and the producer was Mike Derby. First shown on BBC1 at 10.15pm on 11 February 1983.
References
History of aviation
1984 non-fiction books
History books about World War II
1983 television specials
World War II television documentaries
Works by Bruce Barrymore Halpenny
British aviation films
BBC television documentaries about history during the 20th Century
Live from Wembley Arena, London, England is a Pink music DVD released on March 22, 2007. It was recorded at London's Wembley Arena on December 4, 2006 during their I'm Not Dead Tour. The performances of "Lady Marmalade" and Bob Marley's "Redemption Song" are not included on the DVD. In Australia it was released M: Moderate Coarse Language.
The release was largely successful, especially in Australia, where it debuted at #1 on the ARIA DVD chart and has been certified 16 times platinum.
Track listing
Charts and certifications
Charts
Certifications
Notes
Pink (singer) video albums
2007 video albums
Wembley Stadium and Wembley Arena
Telophorus viridis viridis, also known as the gorgeous bushshrike or Perrin's bushshrike, is a bird in the family Malaconotidae. It is found in Angola, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, and Zambia. Its natural habitats are tropical forests and tropical moist shrubland. Many authorities consider this to be the nominate subspecies of the four-colored bushshrike. Others consider both to be distinct species, in which case this species takes on the scientific name Telophorus viridis, having been distinguished first.
References
Telophorus
Birds of Southern Africa
Birds described in 1817
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Samuel Bernstein (1898–1987) was an American historian born in France. Their field of study was history of social movements. Their 1933 work The Beginnings of Marxian Socialism in France was a reworking of their thesis and has been criticized for its very narrow scope.
Works
The Beginnings of Marxian Socialism in France. New York: Elliot Publishing Co., 1933.
Jefferson and the French Revolution. New York: Science and Society, 1943.
Filippo Buonarroti. Torino, Italy: G. Einaudi, 1946.
A Centenary of Marxism. New York: Science and Society, 1948.
Buonarroti. Paris: Hier et aujourd'hui, 1949.
Contribution á lh̓istoire du socialisme en France: De la Révolution de 1789 á la Commune de 1871. Paris: Editions Hier et Aujourdʻhui, 1949.
Essays in Political and Intellectual History. New York: Paine-Whitman, 1955.
Amerikanische Freunde der franzȯsischen Revolution. Berlin: Rütten and Loening, 1958.
The First International in America. New York: Augustus M. Kelley, 1962.
Storia del socialismo in Francia: Dall'Illuminismo alla commune. Rome: Editori Riuniti, 1963.
Blanqui. Paris: F. Maspero, 1970.
Auguste Blanqui and the Art of Insurrection. London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1971.
Babeuf's Conspiracy Viewed by the Press of the United States. Assen, the Netherlands: Royal VanGorcum, 1975.
French Political and Intellectual History. New York: Paine-Whitman Publishers, 1984.
Joel Barlow: A Connecticut Yankee in an Age of Revolution. New York: Rutledge Books, 1985.
References
External links
International Dictionary of Intellectual Historians
1898 births
1987 deaths
Social historians
French emigrants to the United States
American historians
R. Tim Webster, SCD (October 9, 1946 – July 6, 2003) was a founder and long-time executive director of the American Society of Consultant Pharmacists (ASCP). They were born October 9, 1946, in Martins Ferry, Ohio and lived in St. Clairsville, Ohio until they graduated from high school. They received their degree in pharmacy from Ohio State University (OSU) in 1969 and then dedicated their entire career to promoting quality pharmaceutical care to the elderly. Prior to their 27-year tenure as executive director of the ASCP, they were involved in regulatory affairs relating to long-term care in both the public and private sector. They died of cancer on July 6, 2003.
Under Webster's leadership, ASCP produced scores of reference materials, policies, award-winning publications, educational programs, internet resources, and other products and services that allow ASCP members to provide the highest levels of professional pharmacy services to seniors living in a wide variety of settings. They championed the cause of taking the expertise ASCP members honed in more than thirty years of experience in nursing facilities to the larger senior population. They were also the founder of ASCP's monthly peer-reviewed journal, The Consultant Pharmacist, which continues to add to the immense body of knowledge used by consultant pharmacists to provide pharmaceutical care to seniors.
Recognition for their contributions to the advancement of the pharmacy profession include the American Pharmaceutical Association's Hugo Schaefer Award in 2003, an honorary Doctor of Science degree from the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy in 1998, the ASCP George F. Archambault Award for specialty practice in consultant pharmacy in 1990, Ohio State University (OSU) College of Pharmacy's 1991 Distinguished Alumni Award and 1996 Vision Award and the R. Timothy Webster Scholarship in Long Term Care Pharmacy at OSU.
Webster had been secretary of the American Society of Consultant Pharmacists Foundation and trustee of the Geriatric Drug Therapy Research Institute and Neimerow Institute. They were a member of the American Pharmaceutical Association, the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, the American Society for Pharmacy and Law, the National Council for Patient Information, the Joint Commission of Pharmacy Practitioners, the American Society of Association Executives, the Alexandria chamber of commerce, and the Dean's Council of the OSU College of Pharmacy.
Webster was the author of scores of articles and a frequent speaker in the United States and abroad on a variety health-care topics, including the cost and quality impact of optimizing drug therapy for the elderly. They were publisher of The Consultant Pharmacist, and numerous reference manuals and textbooks for pharmacists, nurses, and other professionals in long-term care. They led development of the Commission for Certification in Geriatric Pharmacy, a professional program for board certification of geriatric pharmacy practice, designed to ensure and enhance the quality of pharmacy and pharmaceutical care services for the elderly.
References
ASCP Executive Director Tim Webster Dies, Led Consultant Pharmacy Organization for 27 Years
American pharmacists
2003 deaths
1946 births
Ohio State University College of Pharmacy alumni
Deaths from cancer in Ohio
People from Martins Ferry, Ohio
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Radon Labs was a German video game developer based in Berlin. The company was founded in 2000 as a spin-off of the company Terratools. Radon Labs has its headquarters in Berlin and a second development studio in Halle-Leipzig. The company filed for bankruptcy in May 2010 and was bought by the browsergames publisher Bigpoint GmbH.
Products
3D Engine
Radon Labs is the creator of the Nebula Device, an Open Source 3D game engine. Radon Labs released its engine under MIT license in 2006 and a later version in 2011.
Selected games
Urban Assault (1998)
Project Nomads (2001)
Paws and Claws: Pet Vet (2005)
Riding Star 2 (2006)
Riding Star 3 DS (2007)
Treasure Island (2008)
Drakensang: The Dark Eye (2008)
Drakensang: The River of Time (2010)
Future Wars (2010)
Crazy Quiz Wii (2010)
Schwarzenberg'' (Cancelled)
References
External links
Radon Labs at MobyGames
The Nebula Device on SourceForge
The Nebula Device 3 on Google Code
Video game development companies
Defunct video game companies of Germany
Companies established in 1995
Companies based in Berlin
German companies established in 1995
1995 establishments in Germany
Austerdalsbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Luster in Vestland, Norway.
It is a side branch of the Jostedalsbreen glacier, and is included in the Jostedalsbreen National Park. The glacier is fed by the three steep glaciers Odinbreen, Torbreen and Lokebreen. The lower, flat part of the glacier displays a characteristic fishbone or lobster tail pattern.
See also
List of glaciers in Norway
References
Glaciers of Vestland
Luster, Norway
Thomas Jefferson T-STEM is a 4-year public early college high school located in Pharr, Texas. It is one of the six high schools located in the Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District. The school focuses on preparing students for university academics and a career in the STEM fields. Partnered with South Texas College, enrolled students have the opportunity to earn college credit towards an associate degree in various subjects.
Dual enrollment
All students are eligible to graduate under the Distinguished Achievement Program (DAP) and participate in the dual enrollment program. Instruction for high school and college courses will be provided in a variety of settings including at various South Texas College campuses. During their four years of high school, students will obtain college credit. By their sophomore year, all students will be enrolled in college classes at STC. Transportation to and from the college is provided by the school district and STC waives tuition for all PSJA ISD Dual Enrollment courses. Enrolled students will be able to have access to the STC facilities such the library and research centers, science laboratories, computer labs and classrooms.
Goals
The main goal and objective of T-STEM is to provide an instructional atmosphere that promotes college readiness through an academic design that articulates clear degree plans and pathways in the STEM fields. These degree plans will include the 42 credit hour academic core curriculum plus 18 credit hours in the specific fields of study.
Degree plans offered
Students will be able to dual-enroll in one of the following degree plans (not all programs are listed):
Biology
Chemistry
Engineering
Mathematics
Computer Science
Interdisciplinary Studies
Criminal justice
References
External links
Pharr-San Juan-Alamo ISD
Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District high schools
Early College High Schools
The Battle of Good's Farm was a short skirmish between the Confederates and the Union in Jackson's Valley Campaign in the American Civil War. After a short fight, Confederate cavalryman Turner Ashby was killed.
As Stonewall Jackson's army withdrew from the pressure of Maj. Gen. John C. Frémont's superior forces, moving from Harrisonburg toward Port Republic, Colonel Turner Ashby commanded the rear guard. On June 6, 1862, near Harrisonburg, the 1st New Jersey Cavalry attacked Ashby's position at Good's Farm. Although Ashby defeated the cavalry attack, a subsequent infantry engagement resulted in their horse being shot and Ashby charging ahead on foot. Within a few steps, they were shot through the heart, killing them instantly. (The origin of the fatal shot has been lost to history. Soldiers of the 13th Pennsylvania Reserve Infantry, the "Bucktails", claimed credit, but some accounts blame friendly fire.) Their last words were "Forward my brave men!" They had been nominated for promotion to brigadier general just ten days before their death.
See also
Turner Ashby
References
Good's Farm, Battle of
Good's Farm
Good's Farm
Good's Farm
Good's Farm
1862 in the American Civil War
1862 in Virginia
June 1862 events
The 37th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1920 Nova Scotia general election, the 36th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 37th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1925 Nova Scotia general election, the 37th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 38th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 15th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 2006 Nova Scotia general election, the 59th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 60th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 37th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
El Puente (The Bridge) is a Spanish reality television series in which a group of contestants is challenged to work together as a team in order to build a bridge.
Created and produced by Zeppelin TV (part of Endemol Shine Iberia), the first season aired on #0 from 29 May 2017 to 17 July 2017. It was filmed in the Argentinian Patagonia. The series was renewed for a second season, which was filmed in Vietnam, and all of its episodes were made available on VOD on 23 September 2018. The series was hosted by Paula Vázquez.
Format
In the first season, a group of fifteen strangers was brought together and challenged to build a bridge to an island 300 meters away in 30 days. If they were successful, each contestant had to vote on who deserved to receive the €100,000 prize that was kept there. The person with the most votes had then to decide whether to keep it for themselves or share it among the group.
In the second season, two competing groups were introduced, among other twists. Each group consisted of seven people and had to build a bridge of 400 meters in 20 days.
Series overview
International adaptations
The French adaptation of the show, titled The Bridge : Le Trésor de Patagonie and hosted by Stéphane Rotenberg, premiered on M6 on 3 January 2019. A British adaptation, titled The Bridge and narrated by James McAvoy, was produced by Workerbee for Channel 4 in 2020. A Brazilian adaptation was produced for HBO Max in 2021. An Australian version was commissioned for Paramount+ in 2022, with the first episode also broadcast on sister free-to-air channel Network 10.
Notes
References
External links
Official website at #0
Zeppelin TV website
2010s Spanish television series
2017 Spanish television series debuts
2018 Spanish television series endings
Cero (TV channel) original programming
Spanish game shows
Spanish reality television series
Villiam Haag (born 25 November 1993) is a Swedish ice hockey player currently playing for Almtuna IS of the HockeyAllsvenskan.
They played 11 games for the Muskegon Lumberjacks (USHL) during the 2012–13 season and also appeared for Michigan State University between 2013 and 2017. Haag made their Elitserien debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2011–12 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1993 births
Frölunda HC players
HC Vita Hästen players
Living people
Michigan State Spartans men's ice hockey players
Muskegon Lumberjacks players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey people from Gothenburg
Charles Crozat Converse (October 7, 1832 – October 18, 1918) was an American attorney who also worked as a composer of church songs.  They are notable for setting to music the words of Joseph Scriven to become the hymn "What a Friend We Have in Jesus". Converse published an arrangement of "The Death of Minnehaha", with words by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
Life
Charles Crozat Converse was born in Warren, Massachusetts on October 7, 1832. They studied law and music in Leipzig, Germany, returned home in 1857, and was graduated at the Albany Law School in 1861.
Many of their musical compositions appeared under the anagrammatic pen-names "C. O. Nevers", "Karl Reden", and "E. C. Revons".
They published a cantata (1855), New Method for the Guitar (1855), Musical Bouquet (1859), The One Hundred and Twenty-sixth Psalm (1860), Sweet Singer (1863), Church Singer (1863) and Sayings of Sages (1863).
Converse proposed the use of the gender-neutral pronoun "thon".
They died at their home in Englewood, New Jersey on October 18, 1918.
References
Sources
External links
Sheet music for "The Rock Beside the Sea", by Charles C. Converse, Lee & Walker, 1857.
http://www.hymntime.com/tch/bio/c/o/n/converse_cc.htm
http://imslp.org/wiki/Category:Converse,_Charles_Crozat
1832 births
1918 deaths
American male composers
19th-century American composers
People from Warren, Massachusetts
Albany Law School alumni
Musicians from Massachusetts
19th-century American male musicians
The Rapid City Thrillers were a semi-professional basketball team in Rapid City, South Dakota, that competed in the Continental Basketball Association beginning in the 1987 season. They were reincarnated in 1998 as an International Basketball Association franchise. One of the many notable players of the team was Keith Smart, who played for the Indiana Hoosiers when they won the NCAA tournament in 1987.
The Thrillers had some very notable head coaches in its time. First, Bill Musselman coached the team to three consecutive CBA titles during the 1980s. Musselman then moved to the NBA as coach of the Minnesota Timberwolves. Later, Flip Saunders coached the Thrillers for a season and later became head coach of the NBA's Washington Wizards. Keith Fowler coached the team during one of their only losing seasons. Eric Musselman (son of Bill Musselman) coached the team successfully for seven years but was never able to bring the championship back to the franchise, although the team was runner-up three separate times during its existence.
This team traced its history back to the Tampa Bay Thrillers of the Continental Basketball Association. They won consecutive CBA titles in their first two seasons. However, the team never drew well, and abruptly changed cities in 1987. The Thrillers moved to Rapid City at the conclusion of the regular season, but didn't stop the team's momentum, as they won their third consecutive title.
After eight and a half seasons, the team moved to West Palm Beach where they became the Florida Beach Dogs. The Beach Dogs lasted only two seasons folding after losing the championship series to the Oklahoma City Cavalry.
After the Thrillers left Rapid City, professional basketball continued in the form of the Black Hills Posse of the International Basketball Association. In 1998 the Black Hills Posse were sold to John Tuschman (former owner of the original Thrillers). Tuschman tried to spark the old spirit the Thrillers had from the late 1980s and early 1990s, by renaming the Posse to the Thrillers and bringing back the original "flaming basketball" logo. Tuschman was unsuccessful and the new Thrillers folded after the end of the 1998–99 season. The IBA continued for one more season in Rapid City, as the Black Hills Gold played in the 1999–2000 season for one year, before moving to Michell, South Dakota and becoming the South Dakota Gold. Rapid City has been without professional basketball since.
Year-by-year
Notable players
Keith Smart
Brian Martin
Sidney Lowe
Ed Nealy
Freeman Williams
Richard Coffey
Shelton Jones
Stanley Brundy
"Jumpin'" Joe Ward
Larry Robinson
Fennis Dembo
Don Collins
Ledell Eackles
Craig Neal
Tony Dawson
Jarvis Basnight
Conner Henry
Mark Macon
Lorenzo Charles
Pearl Washington
Chris Jent
Manute Bol
Nate Johnston
Leon Wood
Alvin Robertson
Constantin Popa
Chris Whitney
George McCloud
References
External links
Article Concerning the Thrillers move from Tampa Bay, FL to Rapid City, SD
Complete History of the Tampa Bay Thrillers
Continental Basketball Association teams
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Basketball teams in South Dakota
Sports in Rapid City, South Dakota
The Lambda 10 Project is a national clearinghouse of information pertaining to LGBT issues in American fraternities and sororities. The organization works to heighten the visibility of out members (chiefly university students), and offers educational resources related to sexual orientation and the fraternity/sorority experience.
The Lambda 10 Project was founded in the autumn of 1995 at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana; it is currently headquartered in the University's Office of Student Ethics and Anti-harassment Programs.
Among the organization's offerings are an index of lecturers available for events; lists of forums concerning LGBT "Greek life"; and a repository of magazine articles, websites, and pertinent news stories. Working with the renowned LGBT publisher Alyson Publications, Lambda 10 also compiled and released three anthologies of homosexual and bisexual students' Greek experiences: Out on Fraternity Row: Personal Accounts of Being Gay in a College Fraternity (1998), Secret Sisters: Stories of Being Lesbian and Bisexual in a College Sorority (2001) and Brotherhood: Gay Life in College Fraternities (2005).
Lambda 10 Project is an educational initiative of Campus Pride, an American national nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization which serves lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) and ally student leaders and/or campus organization. It is an associate member of the Association of Fraternity Advisors and serves as a resource for the leaders of numerous national and international fraternities and sororities.
The Project created an educational resource titled Out on Fraternity Row: Personal Accounts of Being Gay in a College Fraternity released by Alyson Publications, Inc in 1998, Secret Sisters: Stories of Being Lesbian & Bisexual in a College Sorority released by Alyson Publications, Inc. in 2001 and recently Brotherhood: Gay Life in College Fraternities released by Alyson Publications, Inc. in October 2005.
See also
Gay–straight alliance
References
Bibliography
Howard, Kim and Annie Stevens (eds.). Out & About Campus: Personal Accounts by Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender College Students. Alyson Publications, 2000.
Windmeyer, Shane L. and Pamela W. Freeman (eds.). Out on Fraternity Row: Personal Accounts of Being Gay in a College Fraternity. Alyson Publications, 1998.
Windmeyer, Shane L. and Pamela W. Freeman (eds.). Secret Sisters: Stories of Being Lesbian and Bisexual in a College Sorority. Alyson Publications, 2001.
External links
The Lambda 10 Project
LGBT youth organizations based in the United States
Student organizations established in 1995
History of youth
Civil rights organizations in the United States
LGBT and education
1995 establishments in Indiana
Kenmare High School is an all-female, private, Roman Catholic high school in Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. It is located within the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1992.
As of the 2015–16 school year, the school had an enrollment of 121 students and 10.9 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.1:1. The school's student body was 49.6% Black, 14.1% Hispanic, 1.7% White, 0.8% Asian and 33.9% two or more races.
Kenmare is an alternative high school for young women (ages 17+) who have dropped out of other high schools. The school is operated through the York Street Project as part of an effort to reduce rates of poverty in households headed by women, through a program that offers small class sizes, individualized learning and development of life skills.
References
External links
School Website
Data for Kenmare Alternative High School, National Center for Education Statistics
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
1989 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1989
Girls' schools in New Jersey
Private high schools in Hudson County, New Jersey
Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark
Kresy Tarnopol is a defunct Polish sports club, which was located in Tarnopol, southeastern Poland (now: Ternopil, Ukraine). Little is known about the club's history; it had a soccer department which participated in regional games of the Polish Football Association branch in either Lviv (Lwów) or Ivano-Frankivsk (Stanisławów). Kresy ceased to exist in September 1939, after German and Soviet aggression against Poland.
Association football clubs established in 1907
Association football clubs disestablished in 1939
1907 establishments in Austria-Hungary
1939 disestablishments in Poland
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Defunct football clubs in former Polish territories
The Armadillo class of tankers was a class of Type Z-ET1-S-C3 Liberty T1 tanker type, that were commissioned into the United States Navy. They were given the hull classification symbols of unclassified miscellaneous vessels.
This group of Liberty based tankers all served in the United States Navy during the Second World War. Each ship was commissioned in late 1943, and decommissioned in the summer of 1946. These ships primarily served in the Asian-Pacific theater of the war. These ships brought aviation gasoline to remote islands in the south Pacific, required for the many aerial reconnaissance missions there.
Notable incident
sank due to an enemy kamikaze attack on 30 December 1944 at Mangarin Bay, Leyte, Philippines.
References
Auxiliary ship classes of the United States Navy
The Sinaloa wren (Thryophilus sinaloa) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is endemic to Mexico, with almost annual sightings in the United States, in Arizona.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Sinaloa wren has three subspecies, the nominate Thryophilus sinaloa sinaloa, T. s. cinereus, and T. s. russeus.
Description
The Sinaloa wren is long and weighs . The nominate adults have dull brown upperparts that become more rufescent on the rump. The tail is rufous brown with black or dusky bars. They have a white to buffy white supercilium, a black streak behind the eye, and dusky-striped white cheeks. The sides of the neck have broad black and white streaks. The throat and breast are white darkening to pale brown on the flanks. Juveniles are similar but their flanks are paler and more cinnamon and the facial markings less distinct. The adult T. s. cinereus is paler and grayer than the nominate. T. s. russeus upperparts are a deep russet brown.
Distribution and habitat
The Sinaloa wren is endemic to Mexico though individuals are seen almost annually in southern Arizona. T. s. cinereus is the northernmost subspecies; it is found from northeastern Sonora south to northern Sinaloa and western Chihuahua and as a visitor to Arizona. T. s. sinaloa is found from central Sinaloa and western Durango south to Michoacán. T. s. russeus is found from central
Guerrero east to western Oaxaca. The species inhabits the understory of deciduous forest and its edges, both undisturbed and second growth. It also occurs in plantations.
Behavior
Feeding
Though no specifics have been published, the Sinaloa wren is known to be insectivorous. It forages mostly near the ground but occasionally as high as above it. It is assumed to capture its prey mostly by gleaning.
Breeding
The Sinaloa wren breeds between April and July, after the rainy season. The nest's shape has been likened to a flask; it is draped over a slender branch with the body on one side and the tunnel entrance on the other. The principal material is grass. It is often placed near colonies of aggressive ants or wasps. The clutch size is four or five.
Vocalization
The Sinaloa wren has a complex song. It has variously been described as "loud and variable...composed of rich phrases" and "clear gurgling whistles...with a rapid series of short trills" . Calls include "a rough buzzy rasp" and "a hard, dry chatter" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Sinaloa wren as being of The Least Concern. Its population is estimated to exceed 500,000 individuals. "Sinaloa wren can occupy scrub and second growth, and so is perhaps less vulnerable than are some other species of [the tropical deciduous forest]."
References
Sinaloa wren
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of Mexico
Endemic birds of Mexico
Sinaloa wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Anatoly Ivanovich Rusanov (; born 20 April 1932, in Leningrad) is a Russian chemist.
 They are a member of the Russian Academy of Science since 1990.
 They are graduated from Leningrad State University and currently is the head of the Colloid Chemistry Department of St. Petersburg State University.
Awards
The State Prize of the USSR - 1981
The Volfkovich prize of the Russian Chemical Society - 1991
The Mendeleyev Prize of the Russian Academy of Sciences - 1993
The Rehbinder Prize of the Russian Academy of Sciences - 2001
References
Boris A Noskov, Anatoly Ivanovich Rusanov, Advances in Colloid and Interface Science, Vol. 110 (2004), pp. 1–3
1932 births
Saint Petersburg State University faculty
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
Living people
Full Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Mayfield Road, 111 Avenue (Norwood Boulevard), and 112 Avenue is a major arterial road in north Edmonton, Alberta. It serves Edmonton's Northwest Industrial District, the former Town of Jasper Place (amalgamated with Edmonton in 1964), the inner city north Downtown Edmonton, and post-World War II Edmonton. Prior to the opening of Yellowhead Trail in the early 1980s, Highway 16 followed Mayfield Road and 111 Avenue between Stony Plain Road and 109 Street.
Overview
Mayfield Road
The roadway begins as "Mayfield Road" and runs northeast from 170 Street, north of Stony Plain Road, and travels north-east for approximately before it turns east and continues as 111 Avenue. Originally there was an interchange at the intersection of Mayfield Road, Stony Plain Road, and 170 Street where through traffic travelled from Highway 16 west (presently part of Stony Plain Road) to Mayfield Road. The interchange was removed in the mid-1980s as part of a larger project that included converting Stony Plain Road and 100 Avenue to one-way streets and accommodating increased traffic on 170 Street.
111 Avenue
At 163 Street, Mayfield Road turns east and becomes the main segment of 111 Avenue; it forms the boundary between the residential areas of the former town of Jasper Place and Northwest Industrial District. At 142 Street, 111 Avenue passes through the Edmonton's Central core residential neighbourhoods, passing a number of landmarks including the Telus World of Science, Westmount Centre, Kingsway Mall, Royal Alexandra Hospital, and Glenrose Rehabilitation Hospital. The portion between 101 Street and 90 Street has the name "Norwood Boulevard" in addition to 111 Avenue, this name has remained since the City of Edmonton decided to number its streets, but keep a select few names.
111 Avenue also has a western segment which continues west of Mayfield Road. It is a collector road which originates at Anthony Henday Drive, passes through the northwestern industrial areas, and ends at 163 Street just north its intersection with 111 Avenue / Mayfield Road.
112 Avenue
At 90 Street the roadway becomes 112 Avenue and passes Commonwealth Stadium. To the east, it enters post-World War II neighbourhoods that are aligned with the North Saskatchewan River and at 76 Street, just west of Wayne Gretzky Drive, it begins run northeast. 112 Avenue ends at 50 Street between 114 Avenue and 115 Avenue, three blocks south of 118 Avenue. The misalignment of cross-streets along 50 Street is due to the street layout of the former town of Beverly.
Redevelopment
On February 25, 2013 City Council passed a motion and will start evaluating option 2 for 111 Avenue redevelopment with a target area between 82 Street and 101 Street
Option 2: Improve Physical Infrastructure along Norwood Boulevard. Coordinate a streetscape plan that incorporates
landscape infrastructure conducive to enhancing connectivity to surrounding initiatives and projects. This could include intersection modifications and associated landscape improvements on 96 Street and 95 Street linking to neighbourhood revitalization projects, business revitalization zones and others. Adapt existing eligibility requirements for the Façade Improvement Program and the Development Incentive Program to enable property owners along Norwood Boulevard to access funding. Currently, Façade Improvement Program funding is limited to projects within existing Business Revitalization Zone
boundaries. A capital program and cost estimate for streetscape improvements would need to be developed. Physical infrastructure improvements are generally seen as a mechanism for encouraging business development in a given area.
Neighbourhoods
List of neighbourhoods Mayfield Road, 111 Avenue, and 112 Avenue runs through, in order from west to east.
Britannia Youngstown
Mayfield
High Park
McQueen
North Glenora
Woodcroft
Inglewood
Westmount
Prince Rupert
Queen Mary Park
Central McDougall
Spruce Avenue
McCauley
Alberta Avenue
Parkdale
Cromdale
Virginia Park
Bellevue
Highlands
Major intersections
West segment
See also
List of avenues in Edmonton
Transportation in Edmonton
References
Roads in Edmonton
Loteshwar is a village and an archaeological site belonging to Indus Valley civilisation located at Patan district, Gujarat, India. This site is locally also known as Khari-no-timbo and located on a high sand dune on left bank of Khari river, a tributary of Rupen river.
Archeology
Ancient site
Loteshwar is recognized as ancient site occupied since sixth millennium BCE by hunter gatherer community and by fourth millennium BCE domestic animals like sheep and goat were also kept.
Excavation
Department of Archaeology and Ancient History, M.S.University, Baroda carried out excavation at Loteshwar during 1990-91. The excavation revealed two different cultural periods with Period I'm belonging to Monolithic culture and Period II belonging to a culture having affinity with the Harappan culture.
Period I
Period I, with 60 cm deposit on a sand dune, yielded large number of microlithic tools, flat sandstone "palettes", grinding stones and hammer stones. Tools were made of chert, jasper, agate and quartz. Two burials were also found.
Period II
Period II was represented by 80 cm deposits but deposits connected to habitation was about 20 cm to 25 cm thickness. Large number of pits (0.5 m to 2 m diameter, 0.5 m to 2 m depth) which were invariably filled ashy soil, potsherds, animal bones and other insignificant materials were found and the significance of these large number of pits is not fully understood.
Pottery collection from this site was predominated by gritty redware and redware, which were analogous in shape and style with similar pottery found at Nagwada and coarse redware and polychrome pottery found at Surkotada. redware was usually well fired and made of fine clay.
Artefacts
Bowls and pots with shades of black and red on cream/white background, coarse redware and grey ware with incised designs, terracotta pinched type lumps, mushtika type lumps, steatite micro beads, agate beads, carnelian beads, amazonite beads etc. Terracotta objects found at this site included a figurine, bangles, clay lumps with impressions of reed etc.
Culture
The ceramics found at Loteshwar, distinct from Amri-Nal pottery, is associated with the Anarta tradition. It is of different nature from those of early Harappan period and suggest earlier pot-making activity in this area. The crested ridge technique of blade production is absent in Loteshwar. Loteshwar shows twofold cultural sequence (Mesolithic and Chalcolithic). The site has very thin Chalcolithic deposit showing about 2000 years of occupation which could be seasonal. It has several pits of varying diameter but there are no other structures. After the long time of Chalcolitic occupation, sheep and goats were introduced here.
Other findings
Other findings from Loteshwar include large amount of funeral remains in the form of skeletal remains of land animals like sheep, goat and cattle and fish as well as turtle.
Places of interest
There is a temple of Loteshvar Mahadev with a reservoir, Loteshwar Kund, in front, called pretgaya. A yearly fair, attended by about thousands of pilgrims, is held here on Phagun vad Amavasya (March - April). A bath in the pool, and certain religious ceremonies, are believed to draw out evil spirits and, at the same time, give them freedom, mukti, and absorption into the eternal Brahma.
See also
Indus Valley civilization
List of Indus Valley Civilization sites
List of inventions and discoveries of the Indus Valley Civilization
Hydraulic engineering of the Indus Valley Civilization
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
Villages in Patan district
Indus Valley civilisation sites
Archaeological sites in Gujarat
Former populated places in India
Vishwamali, commonly known as Mali, is a female Asian elephant which is best known for being a major attraction of Manila Zoo in Manila, Philippines.
Early life
Vishwamali, nicknamed Mali, was in Sri Lanka in 1974. Mali is a female Asian elephant (Elephas maximus). They were moved into the Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage after their mother died of natural causes. In 1977, when Mali was three years old, the Sri Lankan government gifted the elephant to Philippine First Lady Imelda Marcos. The elephant was presented at the Malacañang Palace prior to their transfer to Manila Zoo.
Captivity at Manila Zoo
When Mali was moved to Manila Zoo, they were placed in an enclosure with another female elephant named Shiba. Shiba, who was rescued from a circus, was territorial and behaved aggressively towards Mali. Following Shiba's death, Mali was able to roam around their enclosure more freely.
Treatment and condition
Mali's condition has been a subject of concern by various animal welfare groups.
Mali has been part of a campaign led by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) alleging the elephant is subject to neglect and has been urging for the release of the elephant. PETA has campaigned for the move of Mali to an elephant to a sanctuary in Thailand, but there are concerns that the elephant may not be able to adapt to a new environment if moved out of the Manila Zoo. PETA alternatively had proposed Mali to be moved to the Elephant Sanctuary in the United States. The Network for Animals (NFA), which maintains a stance against zoos in general, makes an exception for Mali. Despite its stance, the NFA expressed in 2018 that Manila Zoo is "the best option" in Mali's case.
There are also contrary reports which suggests Mali is healthy. In 2013, Mali was undergone a checkup in a lead up to a potential transfer to Thailand. Nikorn Thongtip of Kasetsart University remarked that Mali is "healthy in every system" although exhibited "a little bit obesity". Thongtip remarked that the elephant's nails "do not look bad, compared to elephants of the same age". Although Thongtip has said that Mali had to be tested for tuberculosis, before it could be moved to Thailand. In 2018, results of blood test conducted on Mali, suggests the elephant is healthy, although the animal is still remarked to be overweight and is under a diet plan.
See also
List of individual elephants
References
Individual elephants
1974 animal births
Individual animals in the Philippines
History of Manila
Controversies in the Philippines
Philippines–Sri Lanka relations
India–Seychelles relations are bilateral relations between the Republic of India and the Republic of Seychelles. India has a High Commission in Victoria while Seychelles maintains a High Commission in New Delhi.
History
Diplomatic ties between India and Seychelles have existed since Seychelles gained independence in 1976. A resident high commissioner of India has been in Victoria since 1987 while Seychelles opened its resident mission in New Delhi in 2008. Relations between the two countries have been warm and cordial with regular high level exchange visits between the countries. From India, Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and Presidents R Venkataraman and Pratibha Patil have visited the Seychelles, while Presidents France Albert Rene, James Alix Michel and Danny Faure of Seychelles have paid state visits to India. India and Seychelles have broad based relations that cover a host of sectors including defence, culture, trade and technical cooperation. According to the Ministry of External Affairs of the Government of India, relations between India and Seychelles have been characterised by "close friendship, understanding and cooperation", while Seychelles has described itself as a "rock of dependability for India in the Indian Ocean region”.
Economic Relations
Trade between India and Seychelles amounted to only US$40 million in 2010–11 with the balance of trade heavily in India's favour. Tourism, fishing, petroleum exploration, communications and IT, computer education and pharmaceuticals have been identified as areas of economic cooperation between the two countries. India and Seychelles signed a bilateral investment promotion agreement in 2010 and in 2012, during President Pratibha Patil's visit to Seychelles, India extended it a $50 million line of credit and a grant of $25 million. Among India's private sector companies, telecom major Airtel has a significant presence in Seychelles, having acquired Telecom Seychelles and partnered in the Seychelles East Africa submarine cable project.
Defence Cooperation
India and Seychelles have a close defence ties. Seychelles is of strategic importance to India as it lies close to global lanes of shipping and commerce and is an important base in the fight against seaborne terrorism and piracy in the Indian Ocean Region. In June 1986, the Indian Navy deployed the at the Seychelles Port of Victoria to abort an attempted coup against President Rene by Defence Minister Berlouis in what was called Operation Flowers are Blooming. India helped avert a further attempted coup by Berlouis in September 1986, when Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi lent President René their plane so that they could fly back from an international meeting in Harare to the Seychelles. President René reportedly took shelter in the resident of the Indian High Commissioner in Male.
In 2009, India acted upon a request of the Seychelles and dispatched naval ships to patrol the exclusive economic zone of Seychelles and to guard it against piracy. India has provided Seychelles with monetary support and equipment such as Dornier 228s and Chetak helicopters for meeting its defence needs besides deputing officers from the Indian armed forces in Seychelles and helping in capacity building of the Seychelles' armed forces.
Various Indian Navy ships have visited Seychelles as part of their anti-piracy deployment and protection of Seychelles EEZ, including in February 2005, in March 2011, from 4 to 6 June 2011 and from 17 to 19 June, 2011 and , which visited Port Victoria on 7 November 2011 and conducted hydrographic survey of Aldabra.
The Seychelles government has leased the Assumption Island to the Indian Navy to build an overseas base of operations there. The Indian Army is helping to renovate the airfield while the navy has taken permission from the Seychelles government to make a new deep sea port by dredging sand for the same instead of using the ruined, old jetty which is already present. The residents of the island were relocated to another island by the help of Indian Government. Seychelles maritime security advisor is also an Indian naval officer.
In June 2018, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced that India was extending Seychelles a US$100 million credit to develop its defence capabilities.
Technical Cooperation
India has been working on human resource development and capacity building with the Government of Seychelles under the Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation Programme since the early 1980s. India is a medical tourism destination for the Seychellois and the Government of Seychelles has tied up with MIOT Hospitals and Madras Medical Mission in Chennai for providing healthcare to its citizens. The two nations have also been working together in the areas of environment protection and renewable energy and India is to set up a solar power cluster in Seychelles. Seychelles is also promoting itself as a tourist destination in India although Indian tourists numbered only 8200 in 2010.
See also
Indo-Seychellois
Hinduism in Seychelles
High Commission of India, Victoria
References
Seychelles
Bilateral relations of Seychelles
Seychelles
India
