Akyaka is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
"Twenty Years and Two Husbands Ago" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Lee Ann Womack. It was released in November 2005 as the third single from the album There's More Where That Came From. The song reached #32 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The song was written by Womack, Dean Dillon and Dale Dodson.
Chart performance
References
2005 singles
2005 songs
Lee Ann Womack songs
Songs written by Dean Dillon
Song recordings produced by Byron Gallimore
MCA Nashville Records singles
Songs written by Lee Ann Womack
"No More One More Time" is a song written by Troy Seals and Dave Kirby, and recorded by the American country music artist Jo-El Sonnier. It was released in February 1988 as the second single from the album Come On Joe. The song reached number 7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1988 singles
Jo-El Sonnier songs
Songs written by Troy Seals
RCA Records Nashville singles
1988 songs
Viva Móvil, LLC, branded as Viva Móvil by Jennifer Lopez, was an American retail service founded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez.
History
Viva Móvil was created by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez in collaboration with Brightstar Corporation and Moorehead Communications. The company announced their partnership with Verizon Wireless on May 22, 2013 at the CTIA tradeshow. (Many had been anticipating that Verizon Wireless would be announcing its offering the HTC One at the event.) According to Lopez, This new company is here to revolutionize the entire mobile experience for Latinos. There's no specific place for Latinos to be specifically catered to. We will continuously evolve the wireless shopping experience with Verizon Wireless's guidance and support.
As of 2016, the Viva Móvil brand doesn't exist anymore and Jennifer Lopez is no longer attached to the project.
Products and stores
The company's concept is to allow customers to shop for phone service, phones and phone accessories online, via Facebook and other social networks, and at retail locations. The company's first store was scheduled to open in New York City on June 15, 2013. Fifteen stores were expected to open in 2013 in cities across the United States, including Los Angeles and Miami. Each store is planned to include a large array of devices for people to try out before they decide on their purchase. Plans call for the stores to have play areas for children. In an article containing details regarding the company's first store located in Brooklyn, New York, Simone Weichselbaum of The New York Daily News noted that it was "vibrant", and unlike typical Verizon stores, the Viva Móvil store has brighter colors, bilingual staff and play area for children. In addition, multiple pictures of Lopez, as well as wall television screens playing music videos, are present, among various other specific features.
In an analysis of Viva Móvil's strategy, Wireless Week's Ben Munson commented that the company's appeal to "'social commerce' is indicative of the trend toward consumers educating themselves – via learning from friends or reading research, reviews and news – and buying their wireless devices and service away from the retail shops." They suggested that "carrier stores and wireless retailers could go further in making the customer feel valued especially considering how big of a time and financial commitment many of them are making" and that "the least the carriers can do is make the 90 minutes or so spent in the store a little less excruciating."
References
American companies established in 2013
Jennifer Lopez
Verizon Communications
Johann Kraus was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1916, scoring a goal.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Contrazt is a Norwegian dance band from Solør, formed in 2004. The group originated when Hanne Mette Gunnarsrud and Leif Dybendal from the duo Fullt og helt decided to expand and change the name. Three new guys joined when the group Contrazt occurred.
Contrazt's first album, was released in 2006. Another album, , was released the following year, followed in 2008 by . After five years on the road and three albums Gunnarsrud decided to stop to prioritize family.
Gro Anita Johansen took over as lead singer. Them first album with Contrazt was . The band's fifth album, 2010's , went gold in four weeks. In 2011, the album won Contrazt the 2011 award as Folk, Golden Boot. In 2012, the group released their eighth album, . Contrazt was named Folk, Gullskoen 2012. Contrazt were selected to perform at the final of Melodi Grand Prix 2015 on 14 March, with their song "Heaven".
Albums
References
Dansbands
1982 establishments in Sweden
Musical groups established in 1982
Armutlu is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Springfield Public School & College is a Pakistani educational institution with several campuses in Rawalpindi. It was founded in 1984 by Yawar Azhar.
Springfield covers pre-school, primary school and senior school.
Founders
Springfield was founded in 1984 by Yawar Azhar with the motto 'Learn to Serve.' They died on 7 June 2005. The school is now currently led by Ma'am Shahzady Agha Springfield.
Extracurricular achievements
Springfield students, since 2009, are chosen every year by YES – Program an American scholarship for entire year.
In 2002 Summiya Zafar won the grand prize at the painting competition at the Tianjin International Children's Culture and Art Festival. The principal and student were invited to China to receive the prize
Since 2006 Springfield have participated in the Mitsubishi Asian Children's Enikki Festa competition, with winning students being invited to visit Japan.
Springfield has participated in the IIME Project since 2012. In this project half of a mural is made by Japanese students and half by Pakistani/Springfield students. Students exchange murals, have video conferences, exchange cards, letters and gifts.
An achievement was attained for producing a case study of the BEST USE OF TECHNOLOGY IN BUILDING AN INQUIRY BASED LEARNING ENVIRONMENT in Intel Education Awards 2004 - 2005 conducted in collaboration with the Ministry of Education Government of Pakistan and Education Department Federal Directorate of Education. As a follow-up, Intel provided a special grant worth Rs 100,000 to the school.
Springfield is a member of UNESCO ASPNET and works on different projects. In 2014, student Mishal Malik, was part of delegation that represented Pakistan in UNESCO World Conference on ESD in Japan. In addition two student paintings, on the theme "Save the Environment", were selected for posters which were sent to 80 countries.
Curriculum
Subjects offered in 9th and 10th (FBISE)
Compulsory
Islamiyat
Mathematics/ General Mathematics
Pakistan Studies
Urdu
English
Science Group
Physics
Biology/ Computer studies
Chemistry
Humanities Group
Computer studies
Economics
Civics
General Science
Subjects offered in O-levels (CIE)
Accounts
Additional Mathematics
Biology
Business Studies
Chemistry
Computer Studies
Economics
English language
Islamiyat
Mathematics
Pakistan Studies
Physics
Urdu
Subjects offered in A-levels (CIE)
Accounts
Add math
Biology
Business Studies
Chemistry
Computing
Economics
English Language
Sociology
Mathematics
Physics
Urdu
Branches
Cambridge Campus ('O' & 'A' Level), Chaklala Cantt., Rawalpindi.
Harley III Campus (Pre School & Primary), Chaklala Cantt., Rawalpindi.
Harley II Campus (Primary & Senior), Chaklala Cantt., Rawalpindi.
Harley I Campus (Primary & Senior), Chaklala Cantt., Rawalpindi.
Adyala Campus, Zainab Plaza (Pre School, Primary & Senior), Rawalpindi.
Jinnah Campus (Pre School & Primary), ., Rawalpindi.
Head Office, Chaklala Cantt., Rawalpindi.
References
Private schools in Pakistan
Schools in Rawalpindi
Cambridge schools in Pakistan
Diédougou is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune includes 4 villages and covers an area of 147 square kilometers. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,449. The administrative centre (chef-lieu) is the village of Kouwo which lies 67 km west of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The men's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the 1932 Summer Olympics took place on August 6 and August 7 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Results
Heats
Two heats were held; the fastest three times advanced to the final round.
Heat one
Heat Two
Final
Key: WR = world record; DNF = did not finish
References
Athletics at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Relay foot races at the Olympics
Men's events at the 1932 Summer Olympics
The hooded pitta (Pitta sordida) is a passerine bird in the family Pittidae. It is common in eastern and southeastern Asia and maritime Southeast Asia, where it lives in several types of forests as well as on plantations and other cultivated areas. It is a green bird with a black head and chestnut crown. It forages on the ground for insects and their larvae, and also eats berries. It breeds between February and August, the pair being strongly territorial and building their nest on the ground. Incubation and care of the fledglings is done by both parents. The bird has a wide range, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Taxonomy
The hooded pitta was described by the German zoologist Philipp Statius Müller in 1776 and given the binomial name Turdus sordidus. Statius Müller's description was based on a plate showing the "Merle des Philippines" published by Comte de Buffon in their Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle. The species is now placed in the genus Pitta that was erected by the French ornithologist Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot in 1816. The specific epithet sordida is Latin for "shabby" or "dirty".
Twelve subspecies are recognised:
P. s. cucullata Hartlaub, 1843 – north India to south China and Indochina
P. s. abbotti Richmond, 1902 – Nicobar Islands
P. s. mulleri (Bonaparte, 1850) – Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Borneo and Sulu Archipelago
P. s. bangkana Schlegel, 1863 – Bangka and Belitung Islands (east of Sumatra)
P. s. sordida (Statius Müller, PL, 1776) – Philippines (except Palawan group)
P. s. palawanensis Parkes, 1960 – Palawan Islands (west Philippines)
P. s. sanghirana Schlegel, 1866 – Sangir Island (northeast of Sulawesi)
P. s. forsteni (Bonaparte, 1850) – north Sulawesi
P. s. goodfellowi White, C.M.N., 1937 – Aru Islands (off south New Guinea)
P. s. mefoorana Schlegel, 1874 – island of Numfor (off northwest New Guinea)
P. s. rosenbergii Schlegel, 1871 – island of Biak (off northwest New Guinea)
P. s. novaeguineae Müller, S. & Schlegel, 1845 – west Papuan islands, New Guinea and Karkar Island (off north New Guinea)
Behaviour
Hooded pittas can reach a length of and a weight of . It has a black head, chestnut crown and green body and wings. Its diet consists of various insects (including their larvae), which they hunt on the ground, and berries. In the breeding period, which lasts from February to August, they build nests on the ground; both parent take care of the eggs and the fledglings. They are highly territorial and their fluty double-noted whistle calls ("qweeek-qweeek") can be constantly heard from their territories, sometimes throughout the nights.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature is concerned in particular about the ongoing loss of habitat that this bird suffers, which is reducing its numbers, but has rated it as being a "the least concern species" because the rate of population decline is insufficient to warrant a threatened category.
In captivity, hooded pittas mix well with other species although they may be aggressive toward other pittas when breeding. In London Zoo they are kept in a large walk-through aviary in the restored Blackburn Pavilion bird house, while at the Durrell Wildlife Park they are in a large walk-through exhibit with birds such as Palawan peacock-pheasants and white-rumped shamas.
Gallery
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
hooded pitta
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of New Guinea
Least concern biota of Asia
hooded pitta
Tsunokawa Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 724.5 km2. The dam impounds about 15 ha of land when full and can store 879 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1952 and completed in 1955.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Salahiddine Khlifi () (born 14 March 1979 in Bouknadel) is a Moroccan football player, who currently plays for Chabab Rif Al Hoceima.
Notes
1979 births
Living people
Moroccan footballers
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Swiss Super League players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Ittihad FC players
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Germany
People from Bouknadel
Chabab Rif Al Hoceima players
COD Meknès players
Wydad de Fès players
Bolo-Fouta is a rural commune in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 171 square kilometers and includes 4 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 4,413. The village of Doussoudiana, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 38 km east of Yanfolila.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Sara Karin Maria Grahn (born 25 September 1988) is a Swedish ice hockey goaltender for Luleå HF/MSSK in the Swedish Women's Hockey League (, SDHL) and the Swedish national team.  They are the longest tenured goaltender in SDHL history, the only to have ever played more than 300 games, and has won the SDHL championship once.
Career
Growing up in Hallsberg, Grahn began skating at the age of four and began playing as a goaltender at the age of ten. When Riksserien was founded as the top flight of women's hockey in Sweden in 2007, they signed professionally with Linköping HC.
After three years in Linköping, they left the club to sign with Brynäs IF, attracted in part by the more professional environment and the presence of goaltending coach Pecka Alcén.
In February 2015, they posted a 55-save shutout in a 1–0 victory over Leksands IF in the playoff quarterfinals. They were named the Riksserien Goaltender of the Year for the 2014–15 season.
In the 2015–16 season, they played two matches for Brynäs' U20 boys' team, posting a .971 save percentage. That year, they were also loaned out to Hockeytvåan club Oppala IK, in the third division of Swedish men's hockey, for a game in late November 2015, posting a shutout.
After eight seasons with Brynäs, they left the club to sign with reigning champions Luleå HF/MSSK ahead of the 2018–19 SDHL season, citing the greater investment into women's hockey in Luleå and the delays in addressing problems in Brynäs.
International career
Grahn has represented the Swedish national team at three consecutive Olympics, making their Olympic debut at the 2010 Winter Olympics, and representing the country again in 2014 and 2018. She, however, didn't play a game at the 2010 Olympics, serving as the team's third goaltender.
They made their IIHF World Championship debut for Sweden at the 2007 IIHF Women's World Championship, and has appeared in an additional nine World Championships since.
They took part in the 2019 Sweden women's national ice hockey team strike.
Personal life
Grahn has studied at the Luleå University of Technology.
In August 2018, they launched the Sara Grahn Goalie Development Camp for young girls in Sandviken.
References
External links
1988 births
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Sportspeople from Örebro
Swedish women's ice hockey goaltenders
Brynäs IF Dam players
Örebro HK players
Linköping HC Dam players
Luleå HF/MSSK players
Awbono is a Papuan language spoken in the highlands of Papua Province, Indonesia. All that is known of Awbono is a few hundred words recorded in first-contact situations recorded in Wilbrink (2004) and Hischier (2006).
An Awbono word list from Jacky Menanti is published in Wilbrink (2004).
Densar, which is poorly attested, may be closely related.
References
Bayono–Awbono languages
6-Monoacetylcodeine (6-MAC) is an acetate ester of codeine in which the hydroxyl group on the 6 position has been acetylated. It is occasionally present as an impurity in street heroin and is typically created when attempting to create heroin from a solution of morphine in which some of the codeine from the original opium solution still remains. It is formed either through the addition of acetic anhydride, which can only acetylate the 6 position on the codeine or as a result of the addition of acetic acid with a catalyst in an attempt to create 6-monoacetylmorphine, the equivalent ester of morphine which is slightly more potent than heroin itself. 6-monoacetylcodeine is eventually metabolised into codeine and then into morphine. Since only illegally produced heroin is likely to contain 6-MAC, testing for the presence of it in the urine can be used as a fairly reliable method of detecting the use of illicit heroin, as opposed to prescription painkillers. 6-MAC is the precursor for 14-hydroxycodeinenone which was the original precursor to oxycodone. The 7-8 double-bond was reduced using the hyposulfite ion to reduce the 6-7 double-bond.
While the acute toxicity of 6-monoacetylcodeine has not been studied in man, animal studies have shown that in animal models its convulsant effects have been proved and when mixed with mono- or di- acetyl morphine, lowers the convulsant threshold of the mixture still further.
See also
6-Monoacetylmorphine, the equivalent form of morphine
Codeine
Poppy tea
References
External links
Acetylcodeine, an impurity of illicitly manufactured heroin Pubmed
4,5-Epoxymorphinans
Opioid metabolites
Opioids
John Donaldson (1921?–1989), also known as Jon Inglis, was a British author and poet most particularly associated in later life with Oxford, England.
Life
Jon Inglis was born into poverty in Newcastle, probably in 1920–21, and was sent to an orphanage at the age of five when their mother who neglected the children in favour of living a life of a single woman and alcohol dependent, could no longer cope with the children and their disabled sibling and abandoned them. At the Barnardo's orphanage, they experienced cold, hunger and abuse, they ran away to become the challenger in a mobile boxing booth.
They joined the Pioneer Corps at outbreak of World War II and was captured by the Germans during the retreat to Dunkirk; in consequence they spent the whole war in prison camps. Escaping many times only to be caught again and returned to solitary confinement where they began writing poetry. They later novelised their early life under the title Forever Endeavour.
After the war, they became a successful and respected wealthy business person Suddenly and without warning the 1970s they turned their back on their children, their wife and left them destitute in order to become a full-time writer. Their wife, Hannalore had been working by day in order for them to write and typing all their plays and works by night in order to help them was heartbroken. They went to live in London with no possessions, spending nights on the streets or sleeping under bridges, and speaking at Hyde Park's Speaker's Corner on the insubstantial nature of power and acquisition. This period was later novelised as Season of the Butterfly, published after their death by their second wife.
Aside from the novels, John Inglis wrote a very large corpus of philosophical aphorisms, together with poems, and plays. They were a recognised figure around Oxford in their latter years The majority of their great quantity of writings are held, though still unpublished, at the Oxfordshire Archives. On their death their substantial written works although promised by John to their only daughter of their abandoned children, were kept by their second wife. Members of their family are hoping that Oxfordshire Archives will hand them to their rightful beneficiary, their daughter. Thus far their second wife has refused to give them to their daughter.
The last thing they said to their Daughter prior to their death, "Forgive me, I have nothing to give you but my work it is all I am and no greater love than this to give".
They joined the Pioneer Corps at outbreak of World War II and was captured by the Germans during the retreat to Dunkirk; in consequence they spent the whole war in prison camps, where they began writing poetry. They later novelised their early life under the title Forever Endeavour.
After the war, they became a successful and respected business person, but in the 1970s they left their home, their work and family to live in London with no possessions, spending nights on the streets or sleeping under bridges, and speaking at Hyde Park's Speaker's Corner on the insubstantial nature of power and acquisition. This period was later novelised as Season of the Butterfly, published after their death by their second wife.
Aside from the novels, John Inglis (Donaldson) wrote a very large corpus of philosophical aphorisms, together with poems, and plays. They were a recognised figure around Oxford in their latter years, and the majority of their great quantity of writings are held, though still unpublished, at the Oxfordshire Archives.
The poet Kathleen Raine wrote to John's wife:
"John Inglis was indeed a brave and remarkable man... There is real vision in their poems... I can understand what was in John's mind when they gave themselves totally to seeking to bring about the only revolution that can change the world, A CHANGE OF HEART IN PEOPLE, ordinary people everywhere."
Bibliography
Donaldson, B. (ed.), Season of the Butterfly, Troy Publishing, Oxford,
External links
OxfordPoet.com is a resource for their major works.
The Oxfordshire County Archives, repository of their original papers.
1920s births
1989 deaths
20th-century English poets
English male poets
20th-century English male writers
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Pioneer Corps soldiers
British World War II prisoners of war
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
"Parents" is the sixth episode of the eighth season of the American television medical drama series House and the 161st overall episode of the series. It aired on Fox Network in the United States on November 14, 2011.
Plot
Ben Parker, a patient who wishes to follow in their father's footsteps as an entertainer, is admitted with partial paralysis. As they look for a bone marrow match, the team discovers a disturbing family secret. Meanwhile, House looks for creative ways to remove their ankle monitor so that they can attend a boxing match in Atlantic City. John Scurti plays a patient convinced they are suffering from diabetes. Taub faces a major decision when their ex-wife Rachel announces they plan on moving across country with their daughter.
Jennifer Crystal Foley and Zena Grey return to the series.
Reception
The Onion's AV Club gave this episode a C+ rating. It was watched by 6.63 million viewers.
References
External links
"Parents" at Fox.com
Medical review of "Parents"
House (season 8) episodes
2011 American television episodes
Silphium perfoliatum, the cup plant or cup-plant, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to eastern and central North America. It is an erect herbaceous perennial with triangular toothed leaves, and daisy-like yellow composite flower heads in summer.
The specific epithet perfoliatum means "through the leaf."
There are two varieties:-
Silphium perfoliatum var. connatum
Silphium perfoliatum var. perfoliatum.
Common names
Cup plant
Cup-plant
Carpenter's weed
Cup rosinweed
Compass plant
Pilot weed
Squareweed
Indian cup
Description
Habitat and distribution
Silphium perfoliatum grows in sandy moist bottom lands, floodplains, near stream beds, in or adjacent to open woodland.
Currently, it can be found in the following states:
USA (AL, AR, CT, GA, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, NC, ND, NE, NJ, NY, OH, OK, PA, SD, TN, VA, VT, WI, WV), CAN (ON, QC)
Silphium perfoliatum is listed as a threatened species in Michigan, but is listed as a prohibited and highly invasive plant species in New York State.
Morphology of the plant
The typical height of S. perfoliatum plant ranges from . The stem is stout, smooth, slightly hairy (glabrous) strongly 4-angled square, like mint plants. The leaves are opposite, toothed and ovate. The petioles are widely winged and fused around the stem, forming a cup. The first flower develops on the tip of the main stem, then more flowers develop on side branches.
Morphology of the flowers
The flowers, which appear from midsummer to autumn (fall), look very similar to sunflowers, but are a lot smaller; measuring about 2.5 cm in diameter, with golden yellow ray florets. In the middle of the flower there are small, sterile, tubular disk florets, which are structurally bisexual, but the stamens are the only fertile part, and they do not produce seeds. The corollas are tubular, 5-toothed, and the style is undivided.
Generative reproduction
The ray florets have female characteristics, and eventually develop to become thin brown achenes with a marginal wing utilized for wind dispersal. Insect pollinators including bees, butterflies, and skippers help to cross-fertilize flowers to produce seeds. 20 to 30 seeds are created in each flower head. Each seed is about 9 to 15 mm long, 6–9 mm wide, flattened in shape, with a thickness of 1 mm.
Vegetative reproduction
Silphium perfoliatum is able to establish colonies due to its central taproot system and shallow rhizomes. A multi-rhizomed clone originating from a single seed is believed to be 15 years old. The roots found in botanical gardens have been estimated to be more than 50 years old. S. perfoliatum has an extensive root system and does not transplant well except when very young.
Habitat and hardiness
Silphium perfoliatum's metabolic pathway is the C3 carbon fixation. This plant is highly adapted to endure extreme weather and inhospitable conditions. For example, during the winter, the roots remain dormant and can survive temperatures as low as . Its optimal growing temperature is .
Uses
Use as energy crop
Silphium perfoliatum is considered a potential energy crop plant, especially because it has low demands on the climate, the soil and previous crop and produces high amounts of biomass. Based on the results of the Thuringian State Institute of Agriculture the plant can be an alternative plant for biogas production. The annual biomass yields are very different according to the present literature: In the second cultivation year S. perfoliatumcan grow from 13 to 20 tons of biomass per hectare, an experiment done in Thüringen, Germany even showed that 18 to 28 tons of dry weight per hectare are possible.
Cultivation
In Germany, the arable cultivation of S. perfoliatum is becoming increasingly widespread for biogas production. Its invasive potential for Mid European countries is considered as low, but a spread through wind, birds and harvesting machines is possible. One has to be especially careful when growing S. perfoliatum near moving bodies of water, so that it cannot spread and germinate on river banks like Buddleja davidii does. This could be a potential problem, because these ecosystems are very sensitive.
Sowing and planting
Due to low germination rate of 15-20% with untreated seeds S. perfoliatum is usually planted as seedling. This is the reason for high investment costs in establishing the crop. Furthermore, there is no yield in the first planting season as S. perfoliatum is only harvested from the second year on. In Germany, seeding time to obtain an acceptable seedling development is in the beginning of May. The highest biomass yield is achieved with 10 cm × 50 cm (within-row spacing: 10 cm; distance between the rows: 50 cm). In European climate conditions the planting of seedlings is typically carried out at the end of May, or the beginning of June with planting machines from the vegetable and gardening industries. Low plant density (50 cm × 75 cm, 75 cm × 75 cm) can give a higher yield in the first harvestable year compared to the higher plant densities (50 cm × 50 cm). In the second harvestable year, they are similar, regardless of the plant density.
In order to avoid reduced yields in the first year a possible solution could be sowing S. perfoliatum in combination with corn. Three quarters of usual corn yields can be achieved in the first year and S. perfoliatum can establish after corn harvest, achieving its full potential in the following year.
Fertilisation
The fertilisation of S. perfoliatum should take place as early as possible in the year. This minimizes damage to the lap shoots from driving over them. S. perfoliatuma needs about 1 kg N to form 1 dt of dry matter. Depending on the expected yield, the fertilization per vegetation period is 130 – 160 kg N/ha. The fertilization of the following nutrients also depends on the expected yield. With an expected yield of 150 dt/ha, S. perfoliatum requires the following quantities of nutrients:
- Phosphorus: 25 kg/ha
- Potassium: 150 kg/ha
- Magnesium: 50 kg/ha
- Calcium: 200 kg/ha
Other tests show that fertilization is no longer necessary from the second year onwards. This shows that fertilization depends strongly on the expected yield. With a higher weighting of the ecological effects of the crop, the fertilization can be omitted. When used as an alternative to corn (biogas production), the aim is to achieve the highest possible biomass yield and fertilization is therefore necessary.
Disease and herbivory
Silphium perfoliatum are known to be disease and herbivory resistant, although established plants can be affected by the fungus Sclerotinia. However, this depends on the size of the area it is grown on, the growing conditions as well as the crop grown before the cup plant. Crops which are very susceptible to Sclerotinia sclerotiorum and therefore should not be cultivated previous to S. perfoliatum are rape seed and sunflowers. Even if S. perfoliatum show signs of Sclerotinia, they can recover from the fungus infection the following year. The university of Bayreuth does not mention any relevant fungal of bacterial infections at all in their research on the cup plant.
Eggs of the gall wasp are deposited within the stems of this plant. Consequently, the developing larvae feed within the stems.
American Goldfinches feed on the seeds of S. perfoliatum and drink the water collected by the “cups” on the stems. As cup plants are able to form dense colonies, they provide a good shelter for birds. Herbivores such as cattle and sheep will eat the leaves of the plant, especially those of young plants.
Advantages of cultivating Silphium perfoliatum instead of corn as an energy crop
Ecologically
After the first year of cultivation, there is no need for herbicides anymore and the dense root mass protects the soil from erosion.
There is little or no fertilizer required from the second year of cultivation.
Improvement of soil quality by humus accumulation and regeneration of soil organisms (earthworms)
Reduced erosion and risk of floodwaters
No soil compaction
No pesticides after the first year
Cover for small game starting from April
Economically
No food source for wild pigs (therefore no damages)
No annual purchase of seeds, because this crop plant is a perennial and can be harvested up to 20 years
No re-seeding fees
Reduced use of soil treatment machines
High resistance against drought (on deep soils) and severe winter frost
After severe storms the fallen Silphium-stems may be left on the field. They do not obstruct the new shoots in spring and do not have to be removed like corn stems.
Regrown vegetatively reestablished cup plants tolerate light frosts. Thus they are less vulnerable to early or late frosts than corn.
The cultivation of cup plants reduces risks in years of unfavourable weather conditions for corn (like wet and cold spring, summer drought).
Cup plants may be harvested over a relatively long period, which attenuates work peaks.
Long use of established stands (high saving potentials)
Some farmers are hesitant to grow this plant, because S. perfoliatum can not be harvested in the first year of cultivation. This issue can be solved by intercropping it with corn in the first year, which can be harvested for biogas production too or for animal feed. Also, S. perfoliatum should be cultivated for at least five years to amortize the initial costs.
Potential invasiveness if cultivated as an energy crop
Although in North America it is a native plant, the cup plant has been declared invasive in several States in the US. Therefore, its invasiveness is in active discussion, especially when considering it as a potential biofuel crop.
To establish potential invasiveness, there is the Weed Risk Assessment (WRA), which can be modified for the local environment and be used to evaluate the potential invasiveness of species proposed as biofuels and to evaluate whether the traits selected for in biofuel species might predispose them to be invasive. There is the Australian- and the US-WRA. The cup plant, S. perfoliatum, has not been assessed yet. However, desirable traits for biofuels tend to overlap with those of invasive species, such as high productivity, low input requirements, and wide habitat breadth (Raghu et al., 2013). S. perfoliatum fits these criteria, but because generatively reproduced seeds have low germination rates, one could hypothesize that the potential invasiveness is relatively small and that the spread of S. perfoliatum can be contained. Furthermore, one could harvest before the seeds reach their full maturity.
Use as animal fodder
Although its use as an energy crop prevails, S. perfoliatum can also be used as a fodder plant thanks to its ingredients. S. perfoliatum contains amino acids, carbohydrates (inulin in rhizomes), L-ascorbic acid, terpenes with essential oils, triterpene saponins, carotenoids, phenolic acid, tannins, and flavonoids. The cup plant is considered to have a high feed value for meat and milk producing farm animals because of its longevity and high protein levels. S. perfoliatum can be stored as silage. It is recommended to harvest the plant twice a year. Otherwise, the stem gets too tough due to the high content of fibre. The high water content at the first cutting in June is not a problem when letting the plant wilt shortly.
The blooming period of S. perfoliatum takes eight or more weeks. The long blooming period and abundance of flowers provides a rich source for bees and the cultivation of honey. The honey is rich in fructose and crystalizes therefore only slowly. 150 kg honey per hectare and year are reported as a possible yield from a cup plant field.
Use for medical purposes
S. perfoliatum produces a resin that has an odor similar to turpentine. The plant contains a gum and resin; the root has been used medicinally.
The resin has been made into chewing gum to prevent nausea and vomiting.
Native Americans would cut off the top of the plant stalk and collect the resinous sap that was emitted from the plant. The resin was used for a chewing gum to freshen the breath.
The Winnebagos Tribe believed that a potion made from the rhizome would provide supernatural powers. The people belonging to the tribe would drink this potion before hunting. The people of the Chippewas tribe used the root extract for back and chest pains, to prevent excessive menstruation, and to treat lung hemorrhage. During the spring, the tender young leaves were cultivated as an acceptable food source by cooking or a salad.
The powdered form of S. perfoliatum has diaphoretic and tonic properties. It can help alleviate the symptoms of fevers, dry cough, asthma, spleen illness, heart and liver disease. The extract from the leaves of the plant has shown to lower cholesterol and triglycerides levels in blood. Studies show that the presence of phenolic acids is responsible for the species' antiseptic activity to stimulate generation of IgG and IgM antibodies. In addition, it stimulates bile production of the gall bladder.
Use as pollinator and bird-friendly ornamental garden plants
The flowers of S. perfoliatum make it an attractive plant for many pollinators, the seeds along with the "cups" of water, formed along the stems, are attractive to birds as a food and water source. During the 1750s, the species was introduced to the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union, and has been prized as an ornamental plant since. It was named in 1759 by Carl Linnaeus. In the UK it has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Silphium perfoliatum is sold by a good number of native plant nurseries and some specialty nurseries in the US and Canada; rarely in conventional nurseries. It is often used in prairie and native meadow restorations and in native, naturalistic landscapes and gardens; only infrequently in conventional landscapes and gardens by landscape designers and architects that know of it as a unique looking perennial. A large patch was planted at Millennium Park in Chicago, Illinois, near the Lurie Garden, in 2010. In gardening and landscaping it is best used in groups and not individually, as it is so vertical and the flower stalks are more likely to fall over when grown singularly.
References
External links
Britton & Brown Illustrated Flora – 2nd Edition (1913) "An Illustrated Flora of the Northern United States and Canada"
Flora of the Eastern United States
perfoliatum
Plants described in 1759
Flora of the United States
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Yeniköy, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Chuōjiǎo () is a Chinese martial art that comprises many jumps, kicks, and fast fist sequences. The fist and feet work in unison and strike continuously forward, like "falling meteorites", never giving the opponent a moment to recover. The qinggong portion of this style's training involves a practitioner jumping against a wall with heavy weights affixed to his/her calves. This style is practiced mainly in central Hebei, northern China, Beijing and Liaoning in North-eastern China.
History
Chuōjiǎo originated in the Northern Song dynasty (960–1127) and became popular during the Ming and Qing dynasties (1368–1911). The source from Wu Binlou, a famous Chuojiao expert and founder of Beijing style, believed Chuōjiǎo comes from the Wen Family Boxing style of the Song dynasty (960–1279).
Chuōjiǎo is attributed to Deng Liang, who is said to have created the style on the basis of the 18 basic feet plays. They developed the basics according to calculations of the Chinese abacus to form a chain of feet plays incorporating 108 tricks. According to legend, they later taught the monk Zhou Tong the style, who later passed it on to their pupil General Yue Fei.
Some of the outlaws who appear in the famous novel The Water Margin, such as Wu Song, were experts in this style; this is why Chuojiaoquan was alternately known as the "Water Margin Outlaw style". It is also known as Yuānyāng Tuǐ (鴛鴦腿) or "Mandarin Duck Leg." In The Water Margins 28th chapter, "Drunken Wu Song beats Jiang Menshen innkeeper", it mentions that Wu Song uses the following moves: "step of nephrite ring, leg of mandarin duck".
Feng Keshan (冯克善), a general in the failed Taiping Rebellion of the early 19th century, was a Chuōjiǎo Fānziquán master. After the failure of the rebellion, Feng went into seclusion with two other experts Tang Youyi in Hebei Province in Raoyang, where they taught Fānziquán, which emphasizes the hands, to the Wang family and Chuōjiǎo, which emphasizes the feet, to the Duan family. During practice, the families would exchange techniques.
Styles
After Master Zhao Canyi (赵灿益), Chuojiao has evolved into many branches such as those below:Liu, Xue Bo (2004) "Chuojiao Huizong" . /Z.464Liu Family Chuojiao:Was spread throughout Li County, so much so that a large proportion of the county can practice some aspects of Chuojiao even until today. Liu Guanlan taught third generation Guo Gexi, Liu Songlin, Liu Zhenguo, Li Gepu and Liu Zhenjiang. Liu Family Chuojiao is representative of Lixian Chuojiao or Hebei Chuojiao. Current Representatives include Zhang Shuanglong, Wang Zhiyi, Zhang Xiaowang, Liu Zhenmin, Liu Xuehui and Cui Linsheng.Duan Family Chuojiao: The Duan brothers taught in Raoyang the following third generation: Liu Laowang, Li Timing, Jia Laokai, Zhang Laoxiao, and others. This style is typically known as Raoyang Chuojiao. Current representatives of Raoyang Chuojiao include Li Jiantao, Song Qingbo, Ma Yongchao, Li Juncai, Li Zhenguo and Li Jiankuan.Wang Family Chuojiao: Wang Zhanao who studied with their father Wang Zhiguo and Zhao Canyi, taught Zhang Jingtian, Wang Zhongli who then taught others. Additionally they taught Xu Zhaoxiong who then took the style to Dongbei.Zhao Family Chuojiao: Zhao Yiguan taught in the Gaoyang and Baoding areas including Zhao Zhenben, Zhao Laoxian, Chen Yuanhu, Zhou Yuxiang and others. Noting that this style had consolidated influences in earlier generations via Wang Zhiguo and in latter generations from Raoyang (Li Timing) and Lixian (Liu Zhenjiang). This style was commonly referred to as Gaoyang Chuojiao. Some of the Current representatives of Zhao Family Chuojiao include Zhao Haowei and Wu Chanlong (Nephy Perez)Wei Family Chuojiao: Wei Changyi taught many including the sharing with Xingyi practitioners, but their main disciple was Wei Zankui who in turn taught the famous Beijing Chuojiaofanzi Wu Binlou. Additionally Wei Laofang taught Chuojiao in Li county and their disciples spread the art in Zhangjiakou and western regions of China such as Gansu province. Some branches are also known as Lixian Chuojiao. Some of the current representatives of Beijing ChuojiaoFanzi include Hong Zhitian and Liu Xuebo. Current Representative of the Wei Laofang school includes Sun Deyu and Kang Yiwu. see www.halifaxwushu.com for more information on this branchYin Family Chuojiao: Yin Chun Zhang taught their son Yin Ruyan, who in turn taught Yin Xuelang. Yin Xuelang had held the skills within the family until the late 20th century when they taught Liu Renyi and Zhang Hong, the current masters and propagators of this family's Chuojiao. This style is also referred to as "Gu Zhizi".
Later branches derived from the original ones above include:Zhang Family Chuojiao: Zhang Jing Tian, was a disciple of Master Wang Zhi Guo. They passed their skills to Zhang Heng Qing, nicknamed "Iron Leg Zhang Heng Qing" taught Chuojiao in Yangzhou to Wang Qing Fu, They Yu Shan, Tian Chun and othersGao Family Chuojiao: In Shenyang a master from Li county by the name of Gao Bai Quan passed on a Chuo jiao style named "Di Gong Chuo Jiao" (Ground Skill Chuo Jiao). Master Gao was born in Li county and commenced the practice of Chuo Jiao at the age of 11 under master Wang Yong Cen (a disciple of Wei Lao Fang who studied with Zhao Can Yi).Xu Family Chuojiao: Xu Zhaoxiong, was a student of Wang Zhanao (Son of Wang Zhiguo and disciple of Zhao Canyi). Master Xu brought their Chuojiao and propagated the art in Dongbei areas (Liaoning etc.). This is also known as Dongbei Chuojiao.Hu Family Chuojiao': Hu Feng San, nicknamed "Hua Qiang Hu" (Flower Spear Hu) for their command of the spear, was a master of other martial arts (Shaolin, Xingyi etc.) prior to studying with the Duan brothers in Raoyang. They taught sequences of Wen Tang Zi (Scholarly Sequences) to students in the city of Shenyang in Liaoning Province, that they were said to have created after studying with the Duan brothers in Rao Yang. It is said that they mastered great Duan family's short kicks. This is also known as Dongbei Chuojiao.
Techniques
The martial routine was the origin of Chuojiao (poking feet boxing). The martial routine in Shenyang later became known as the Hao-style Chuojiao, namely feet poking boxing named after Hao Mingjiu. It features powerful but comfortable moves and its blows are accurate and incorporate a variety of subtle feet tricks. Hands and feet cooperate well for better advantage and longer reach. Its strikes are short but fatal. Hardness is the core of Chuojiao which it combines with suppleness. Its routine consists of nine inter-connected twin feet routines. These routines can be practised either one by one, or linked together. The feet play call for close cooperation between the feet which is why it is called twin feet play. Another feet poking Chuan is called nine-tumble 18-fall Chuan.
The scholarly routine is a derivative of the martial routine. It is said that during the reign of the Guangxu Emperor (r. 1875–1908) in the Qing dynasty, boxer Hu Fengsan of Shenyang learned of the fame of Chuojiao masters, the Duans in Hebei Province, and traveled 500 kilometers to study with him. After years of hard work, Hu came to understand the secrets of Chuojiao and went back to their native town, where they further developed the art into the scholarly routine, known later as the Hu-style Chuojiao. It is characterized by its exquisite and compact stances and clear-cut, accurate and varied movements. It is also very fast in delivering both fist and feet blows. The scholarly style features such routines as 12-move Chuan, 18-move Chuan, flying swallow Chuan (small flying swallow Chuan), arm Chuan, turning-ring Chuan, jade-ring Chuan, six-method Chuan, two-eight Chuan, two-eight feet plays, 16-move Chuan, 24-move Chuan, 32-move Chuan, soft tumbling Chuan, one-legged 80-move feet plays, one-handed 81-move fist plays, etc.
The martial-scholar tumbling Chuan has combined the strengths of the martial and scholar routines, especially the combative techniques. It is arranged according to the rhythms of offence and defence of the martial arts and combines high-low, release-catch, extension-flexion and straight-rounded movements. Its tricks, combinations of motions, still exercises, hardness, suppleness, substantial and insubstantial moves are well planned and accurate. New tricks include ground skill feet poking, feet poking tumbles, Shaolin feet poking, leg flicking feet poking, free-mind feet poking, eight-diagram feet poking, etc. All these have their own styles, forms, rhythms and techniques.
See also
Fānziquán
Chángquán
Eagle Claw
References
Further reading
Outlaws of the Marsh
External links
Taiping - Hebei Chuojiao
Beijing Chuojiao Fanzi in Poland
Beijing Chuojiao Fanzi
Chinese martial arts
Gold is a 2022 Australian survival thriller film directed by Anthony Hayes. It stars Zac Efron, Susie Porter, and Anthony Hayes. The film received a limited theatrical on 13 January 2022, before making its debut on streaming service Stan on 26 January 2022. It received positive reviews from critics.
Plot
In a dystopian near-future, a lone traveller named Virgil arrives at an outpost and pays local man Keith to transport them to an area known as The Compound. Travelling through an inhospitable desert, the two eventually discover an enormous gold nugget in a remote area. After failing to extract it with their basic tools and truck, Virgil agrees to stay with the gold whilst Keith leaves to try and find an excavator. Left alone in the desert with limited food, water, and radio contact, Virgil begins to deteriorate both physically and mentally as paranoia sets in. They make themselves a shelter from the sun using pieces from a crashed plane.
After several days awaiting Keith's return, Virgil encounters a lone woman scavenging nearby. After the woman becomes suspicious, Virgil kills them and buries their body. A day later, a sandstorm leaves Virgil wounded. They encounter another female scavenger who claims to be the earlier woman's sister. Virgil makes contact with Keith via radio, who informs Virgil they are close by. Critically injured, Virgil is attacked and killed by a pack of wild dogs. Keith is revealed to be watching nearby, waiting with the excavation equipment. As they move in to extract the gold, Keith is shot in the chest with an arrow.
Cast
Zac Efron as Virgil (credited as "man one")
Anthony Hayes as Keith (credited as "man two")
Susie Porter as the Stranger and the Stranger's sister
Andreas Sobik as an outpost attendant
Hayden Fein as man three
Production
In November 2020 it was announced that Zac Efron had signed on to the film, to be directed by Anthony Hayes, who would also play one of the major roles. The screenplay was co-written by Hayes and Polly Smyth, while the film was produced by Hayes along with John Schwartz and Michael Schwarz. It was later announced that Susie Porter had joined the cast, with the film set to play on Stan in Australia as a Stan Original with Stan backing the film, after Madman Entertainment had theatrically distributed it in Australia. Altitude Film Entertainment were responsible for international sales.
Principal photography began in November 2020 in outback South Australia, in the Flinders Ranges and the town of Leigh Creek. The film includes a desert sandstorm scene, for which fans and sand were transported to the desert location. However a real sandstorm began in the region and the actors agreed to shoot in it instead. Efron broke a bone in their hand halfway through the shoot, but concealed it from the crew to avoid stalling production.
Release
In June 2021, Screen Media Films acquired U.S. distribution rights to the film in a bidding war. In June 2021, Altitude Films announced it had sold the film to all but two territories around the world.
Reception
In Australia, the film grossed $2,741 from ten theatres in its opening weekend.
A 3 out of 5-star review in The Guardian praised the cinematography and Efron's performance, but found the plot sparse.
References
External links
Australian thriller films
2022 thriller films
2020s English-language films
Stan (service) original films
2020s survival films
Screen Australia films
Annulobalcis shimazui is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae.
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 1965
Radzików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Gloria Twine Chisum (born 1930 in Muskogee, Oklahoma) is an experimental psychologist who eventually became a board member of the American Psychological Association, among many other organizations. An expert in visual problems associated with the operation of high-performance aircraft, they developed eyewear to protect pilots' eyes in extreme conditions like sharp turns, lightning, or nuclear explosion.
Education
Chisum earned their BS (1951) and MS (1953), in psychology from Howard University. During their undergraduate years they pledged Alpha Kappa Alpha and was a part of the Howard University Players, a dramatic group run by students. In 1960, they earned their PhD from the University of Pennsylvania. Them dissertation was titled "Transposition as a Function of the Number of Test Trials".
Career
During 1958–1968, Chisum taught psychology at the University of Pennsylvania. From 1960–1965, they researched psychology at the Naval Air Development Center. They served as the head of the Vision Laboratory from 1965–1980, and afterwards became the head of the Environmental Physiology Research Team. They were also a board member of several organizations, including (but not limited to) the Arthritis Foundation of Eastern Pennsylvania the Aerospace Medical Association, the American Psychological Association, and the Optical Society of America.
Them research led to optical advancements for pilots such as protective eyewear. Specifically, their work was focused on the creation of protective goggles that would help pilots withstand the extreme conditions sustained during flight including loss of vision during sharp turns and sudden flashes of bright light (such as those that could occur during lightning flashes or nuclear explosions), including work presented at a NATO conference. Them publications include a 1975 book on laboratory assessment of the/PVS-5 night vision goggle and a 1978 book on laser eye protection for flight personnel.
Chisum is the first African-American woman to join the Board of Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania.
Personal life
In their hometown of Muskogee, OK, on Sept. 10, 1955 Chisum married Melvin J. "Jack" Chisum (died Oct. 22, 2014). Both have served as chairs of the University of Pennsylvania's Harrison Society. The town of Twine, Oklahoma is named after Chisum's grandfather.
Honors
Aerospace Medical Association's Raymond F. Longacre Award in 1979
University of Pennsylvania Alumni Award of Merit
Inducted Oklahoma Hall of Fame, 1984
References
American women psychologists
American psychologists
African-American scientists
Howard University alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Living people
1930 births
American women academics
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
The Cambridge Daily Banner was a local newspaper published in Cambridge, Maryland from September 21, 1897 to August 1, 2008. The newspaper now operates under the name Banner or Dorchester Banner and is owned by Independent Newspapers, Inc.
Overview
The Cambridge Daily Banner is the eastern shore's oldest daily newspaper. Independent reports by Mondo Times and Echo Media have put the Daily Banner'''s circulation at 3,561 copies and 5,600, respectively.
The Daily Banner was first published on September 22, 1897 by Lindsay C. Marshall and Armistead R. Michie. In the September 22, 1902 issue, Michie is given full credit for establishing the Banner after studying law at the University of Virginia and practicing law for a few years in Charlottesville, Virginia. The paper notes, "To Mr. Armistead R. Michie, however, belongs the credit of the idea, the execution of which gave Cambridge their first and only daily paper. They was who, looking over the field for towns large enough for ventures of this sort, decided on Cambridge as the most suitable and promising place."
A year later, the Banner was combined with a local weekly paper, The Chronicle, under the ownership of Harrington, Henry & Company. Marshall remained editor until around 1910, when brothers Edward F. and P. Watson Webb assumed ownership of the paper through their publishing company, Webb & Webb Publishing Company. Edward Webb later went on to become the principal of Hemlock High School in Cambridge. The Daily Banner stopped publishing in 2008.
Frequency of publication
Since August 2017, the Banner has been a weekly paper published every Thursday. Since August 2008, the Banner had been a twice-weekly publication published on Wednesdays and Fridays. Prior to that, the Daily Banner'' published daily except Saturdays and Sundays. The switch from daily to twice-weekly editions was attributed to a lack of news to report and diminished advertising revenue.
References
Newspapers published in Maryland
Publications established in 1897
Cambridge, Maryland
1897 establishments in Maryland
Our Gang was a series of American comedy short films originally released between 1922 and 1944.
Our Gang may also refer to:
Our Gang (film), 1922 silent short subject
Our Gang (novel), Philip Roth novel
"Our Gang" (The Cleveland Show), episode of The Cleveland Show
Spanky and Our Gang, a 1960s folk-rock band with several charted singles
See also
Our Crowd: The Great Jewish Families of New York, a history book by Stephen Birmingham
Our Gang personnel, cast and crew of the Gang short film series
Henry Joseph Ryan (1873 – 17 January 1943) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Biography
Ryan was born at Ballarat, Victoria, the son of Thomas Ryan and their wife Margaret (née O'Brien). They were educated at the Christian Brothers College in Ballarat and on arrival in North Queensland took up mining. After their political career they were a business person in Brisbane.
On 4 May 1898 they married Kate Butler in Gympie and together had one son. Ryan died in Brisbane in January 1943 and was buried in the Toowong Cemetery.
Public career
Ryan was heavily involved in the trade union movement and was associated with Ted Theodore amongst others in the Australian Workers' Association of Queensland. They were a delegate at the 1913 Rockhampton conference when the AWA was absorbed into the Australian Workers' Union.
They entered state politics at the 1915 Queensland state election when they won the seat of Cook for the Labor Party. Ryan defeated the sitting member for Cook, Henry Douglas of the Queensland Liberal Party, after previously standing unsuccessfully against them at the 1912 state election.
Ryan represented Cook for fourteen years before being defeated by James Kenny of the Country and Progressive National Party in 1929.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1873 births
1943 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Queensland
Burials at Toowong Cemetery
Nares Lake is a lake in the southern Yukon between Bennett Lake and Tagish Lake that lies below Nares Mountain. Nares Lake is in fact an arm of Tagish Lake. The community of Carcross is on the Nares Narrows between Bennett and Tagish Lake, along the Klondike Highway. The primary inflow to and outflow from the lake is the Nares River. Both the river and the lake are named after Admiral George Nares.
References
External links
Lakes of Yukon
Ilıcaköy, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
The 2021 European Judo Championships was held in Lisbon, Portugal from 16 to 18 April 2021.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men's events
Women's events
Participating nations
A total of 359 competitors from 45 nations participated.
References
External links
Results
European Judo Championships
Judo
Judo
European Judo Championships
European Championships
Judo
Dr James Weeks (born 1978) is a British composer, conductor and teacher of composition.
Career
Weeks was educated at the University of Cambridge, before studying a Ph.D in Composition under Michael Finnissy at the University of Southampton. Their works have been performed by internationally renowned ensembles and soloists such as London Sinfonietta, Apartment House, Quatuor Bozzini, Alison Balsom, EXAUDI, Morgan/Dullea, Wandelweiser, New London Chamber Choir, Uroboros Ensemble, Endymion, Anton Lukoszevieze and Christopher Redgate.
Weeks is also well known for their work with EXAUDI, which they co-founded with the soprano Juliet Fraser in 2002.
As well as a composer and conductor, Weeks is also an active writer on classical music, working with the Guardian, Tempo and the BBC.
 They are currently assistant professor in music at Durham University, previously head of composition at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama.
Works
One performer
The World in tune solo soprano (2013)
Narrow Path solo flute (2013)
Nakedness solo soprano (2012)
Sixty Notes for Anna solo cello (2010)
Digger solo guitar (2010)
Sky solo clarinet with electronics (2010)
Burnham Air solo oboe d'amore (2008/9)
Sixty Notes for Mike solo horn (2007)
Tide solo cello (2007)
Complainte solo soprano/mezzo (2007)
Matsushima solo (or multiple) piano(s) (2005)
Capricho solo violin (2003)
Siciliano solo violin (2003)
Two Perscriptions solo piano (2002)
Two performers
Signs of Occupation speaking voice, clarinet (2014)
Softest Numbers violin, piano (2014)
A Toy violin, piano (2011)
Sixty Notes horn, cello (2007-)
Wie soll ich meine Seele halten violin, piano (2006/9)
Sacred Muses trumpet, organ (2005)
Amor de lonh soprano, harpsichord (2002)
Instrumental ensembles
Joy 2 violins, percussion (2016)
Cornish String Music any orchestral string instruments (2015)
Walled Garden 2 alto flutes, bass flute, violin, viola, cello (2015)
Olympic Frieze any pitched instruments (2014)
common ground violin, viola, cello (2014)
Looping Busker Music violin, clarinet, guitar, accordion, tape (2013)
Three Trios violin, cello, piano, tape (2010–11)
Fanfare-Canon 6 trumpets (2010)
String Quartet (to Alberto Caeiro) string quartet (2010)
TIDE oboe d'amore, clarinet, cello, electronics (2007–10)
The Nunhead Harmony clarinet, violin, viola, double bass (2009)
The Peckham Harmony mixed ensemble (2009)
The Lewisham Harmony violin, viola, cello, piano (2008)
The Catford Harmony mixed ensemble (2008)
Come Away soprano, violin, cello, piano (2008)
New Day solo piano and mixed ensemble (2006)
Stacking, Weaving, Building, Joining any pitched instruments (2006)
Honey Celebration violin, cello, piano (2005)
Matsushima multiple (or solo) piano(s) (2005)
Schilderkonst mixed ensemble, string quartet, solo piano (2003-4)
Vocal ensembles and choirs
Old English Apple Cultivars 4 upper or lower voices (2015)
A tear mixed voices, organ (2014)
Radical Road voices with stones (2014)
mural one or more vocal quartets SATB (2012–13)
Freehand Etude three performers drawing and vocalising (2012)
Inscription SATB soli, string quartet (2011)
The Freedom of the Earth mixed voices, ensemble (2011)
Glossa ATB choir (2010)
Orlando Tenebrae SATB choir (2010)
Mala punica SSAATTBB soli (2008-9)
Fantastic Alarms of the Shaking Luminances mixed voices and instruments (2007)
Hototogisu children's choir, piano duo (2007)
The Open Consort mixed voices and instruments (2005)
Liebeslied als Geige SATB soli (2005)
Spanish Ladies unison male voices, 2 clarinets, cymbal, piano (2004)
Sint lumbi SATB choir (2004)
Selbstbildnis als Laute SATB soli (2003)
References
1978 births
Living people
British male conductors (music)
21st-century British conductors (music)
21st-century British male musicians
21st-century British composers
Academics of Durham University
Both Singapore and Malaysia have a conflict over water supplies ever since Singapore was separated from Malaysia in 1965.
To ensure sufficient water supply in the rapidly modernising colonial city of Singapore during the 1900s.
In 1910, the municipal leadership of Singapore and Sultan Ibrahim of the state and territories of Johor in neighbouring Malaya signed an agreement that allowed Singapore to rent land in Johor and use its water for free.
The Municipal Water Department of Singapore, under David J. Murnane, began importing raw water from Gunong Pulai in 1927 and filtered water on 31 December 1929. Since then, several water agreements had been signed between two countries.
History
The 1927 Agreement
The first water agreement was signed between Sultan Ibrahim II the Sultan of Johor and the Municipal Commissioners of the Town of Singapore on 5 December 1927, under the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements. It is no longer in force. Singapore was allowed to rent 8.5 sq km of land in Gunong Pulai in the Malaysian state of Johor for supplying raw water, for the price of 30 sen per 4,047 sqm as annual rental fees but the cost of water was zero. An additional 64.7 sq km of land in Johor was set aside for possible further use, with additional fees. For its part, Johor could have 3,637 cubic metres daily of treated water from Singapore at a rate of 25 sens per 4.55 cu m, with a provision for an increase after 1929.
The 1961 Agreement
On 1 September 1961, the Federation of Malaya signed an agreement giving Singapore the right to draw up to of water per day collectively from the Tebrau River, the Skudai River, the Pontian Reservoir, and the Gunung Pulai Reservoir, with effect through 2011. Under this agreement, Singapore to pay annual rent of RM5 per acre for the land, as well as 3 sens for every 1,000 gallons of raw water drawn. In return, Singapore to supply Johor daily with treated water of up to 12 percent of the raw water drawn, with a minimum of 18,184 cu m, and at the price of 50 cents per 1,000 gallons. The agreement outlines a possible review in 25 years.
The 1962 Agreement
On 29 September 1962, a further agreement was signed providing Singapore the right to draw up to per day from the Johor River, with effect until 2061. Both agreements stipulated the price of 3 Malaysian cents per . Under the agreement, Singapore pays rent on the land “at the standard rate applicable to building lots on town land”, and follows water rates and prices stated in the 1961 agreement with the provision of price review possible in 25 years.
1986 and 1987, the 25-year mark for the two agreements.
Johor decides not to review the prices under the agreement and further agrees that neither country can unilaterally raise the price of water.
The 1990 Agreement
In 1994, Linggiu Reservoir was built upstream of the Johor River and collects and releases rainwater. This pushes seawater back into the sea, ensuring that the river water is not too salty to be treated. It is operated by the Public Utilities Board (PUB) of Singapore. The agreement has been further supplementary to the 1962 agreement. The Separation Agreement signed between Singapore and Malaysia on 7 August 1965 guaranteed the water agreements from 1961 and 1962 and grant Singapore rights to the use of water originating on the Malaysia side of border till 2061.
Conflicts
On 5 July 2018, the Malaysian government has stated that the agreements were signed in a different time and that the price should increase. It cites the example of water sold by China to Hong Kong in the past, which was approximately US$5.8 per . However, Singapore claimed that this price comparison is not fair because while Hong Kong has borne the cost of constructing the infrastructure and China has borne the cost of maintaining to provide water to Hong Kong, Singapore paid for all the costs of the reservoirs in Johor, the dams, pipelines, plant, equipment, etc., and Singapore paid all costs of operating and maintaining the infrastructure.
On 31 August 2011, the 1927 water agreement expired, and the waterworks and facilities were handed over to the Johor state government. The handover included the Skudai and Gunung Pulai water treatment plants, which were built by the Singapore's Public Utilities Board and managed by them for 50 years, as well as two pump houses in Pontian and Tebrau.
The 1962 Water Agreement, which expires in 2061, entitles Singapore to draw up to 250 million gallons a day (mgd) of water from the Johor River. Singapore pays 3 sen per thousand gallons of raw water and sells treated water back to Johor at 50 sens per thousand gallons, a fraction of the cost of treating the water. There have been numerous disputes between the two nations over the fairness of the deal, with Malaysia arguing Singapore is an affluent nation profiting from Malaysia's water resources due to the deal, and Singapore arguing that its treatment of water and subsequent resale of said treated water to Malaysia is done at a generous price, as Singapore makes no economic profit off the resale due to the costs involved in refining the water.
On 25 June 2018, Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamed stated their intentions of renegotiating the agreement with Singapore as they view the low price at which water is being exported to Singapore has resulted in Malaysia losing a significant amount of revenue. Malaysia has threatened to cut off the water supply prematurely to pressure Singapore politically, a move that has sparked tensions between the two states.
Johor River pollution
Since early 2015, drought, pollution and large discharges to combat salinity have depleted water levels in Johor River dams to historic lows, forcing Johor to seek additional potable water supplies from Singapore on three occasions in 2015 and 2016 and to impose water rations for 85,000 residents and industrial users in April 2016.
On 4 April 2017, the Johor River had become polluted after a reservoir at a bio-composite center burst, causing the contaminated water to flow into the water body. This was one of the several pollutions in the river including the case on 4 April 2019 when high levels of ammonia were found in the river. Singapore's Foreign Affairs Minister Vivian Balakrishnan on 8 May 2019 warned that the "biggest threat" of the Johor River was the lack of environmental protection and the current water treatments are drawing more water from the river than it can yield on a sustainable basis. There were also growing concern that incidents such as Kim Kim River toxic pollution would be disastrous for both countries.
See also
Malaysia–Singapore relations
Further reading
References
Water conflicts
Malaysia–Singapore relations
Water and politics
Water supply and sanitation in Singapore
Water supply and sanitation in Malaysia
Environmental disasters in Asia
Environmental issues in Malaysia
The 2018 UEC European Track Championships was the ninth edition of the elite UEC European Track Championships in track cycling and took place at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome in Glasgow, Scotland, between 2 and 7 August 2018. The event was organised by the European Cycling Union. All European champions were awarded the UEC European Champion jersey which may be worn by the champion throughout the year when competing in the same event at other competitions.
The Championships formed part of both the inaugural European Cycling Championships bringing together track, road, mountain bike and BMX events, and the inaugural multi-sport 2018 European Championships bringing together seven different sports.
The 12 Olympic events (sprint, team sprint, team pursuit, keirin, madison and omnium for men and women), as well as 10 other events are on the program for these European Championships.
The Netherlands led the medal table with five golds, while Germany won the most medals with 11. Hosts Great Britain came second in both golds and medals. Russian sprinter Daria Shmeleva was the most successful individual athlete with three gold medals, while Great Britain's Laura Kenny set a new record for career European Championship titles with their eleventh and twelfth gold medals.
Schedule
M = Morning session, A = Afternoon session, E = Evening sessionQ = qualifiers, R1 = first round, R2 = second round, R = repechages, 1/16 = sixteenth finals, 1/8 = eighth finals, QF = quarterfinals, SF = semifinals,SR = Scratch Race, TR = Tempo Race, ER = Elimination Race, PR = Points Race
Events
Notes
Competitors named in italics only participated in rounds prior to the final.
These events are not contested in the Olympics.
In the Olympics, these events are contested within the omnium only.
Medal table
See also
2018 UEC European Track Championships (under-23 & junior)
References
External links
European Championships
2018 UEC Track Elite European Championships
Results book
UEC European Track Championships
European Track Championships
2018 UEC
International cycle races hosted by Scotland
International sports competitions in Glasgow
UEC European Track Championships
Cycling in Scotland
track
Canyon Diablo (Navajo: Kin Łigaaí) is a canyon near Two Guns in Northern Arizona. Part of it is located on the Navajo Nation.
Discovery
Canyon Diablo was named by U.S. Army Lieutenant Amiel Weeks Whipple. Whipple, of the Army's Topographical Engineers, made a survey in 1853–1854 along the 35th parallel. In mid December 1853 Whipple found a steep canyon while riding west from a point near Winslow with a reconnaissance party. They named it Canyon Diablo.
The canyon passes west of Meteor Crater. The community of Canyon Diablo, Arizona on the edge of the canyon about northwest of the crater was the closest community to the crater when scientists began investigating the crater. Consequently, the meteorite that caused the crater is officially called the Canyon Diablo meteorite.
Canyon Diablo ("devil canyon") is the Spanish translation of the Native American name. The Canyon Diablo Bridge, once used by U.S. Route 66 to cross the canyon south of the present I-40 bridges, is on the National Register of Historic Places.
The BNSF Canyon Diablo railroad bridge is a well-known railfan site.
See also
List of historic properties in Two Guns, Arizona
References
Further reading
Cline, Platt (1976). They Came to the Mountain, Northern Arizona University and Northland Press
Canyons and gorges of Arizona
Landforms of Coconino County, Arizona
Orendel is a Middle High German epic poem. Composed of around 4,000 lines, it is traditionally dated to the end of the 12th century. The earliest known manuscript (1477) was lost in a fire in 1870.
Synopsis
The story is associated with the town of Treves (Trier), where the poem was probably written. The introduction narrates the story of the Holy Coat, which, after many adventures, is swallowed by a whale. It is recovered by Orendel, son of King Eigel of Treves, who had embarked with twenty-two ships in order to woo Bride, the mistress of the Holy Sepulchre, as their wife. Suffering shipwreck, they fall into the hands of the fisherman Ise, and in their service catches the whale that has swallowed the Holy Coat. The coat has the property of rendering the wearer proof against wounds, and Orendel successfully overcomes innumerable perils and eventually wins Bride for their wife.
A message brought by an angel summons both back to Treves, where Orendel meets with many adventures and at last disposes of the Holy Coat by placing it in a stone sarcophagus. Another angel announces both theirs and Brida's approaching death, when they renounce the world and prepare for the end.
Analysis
The author was likely a cleric, possibly living in or near the city of Trier. The story of the return of the Holy Coat to Trier is probably based on the fact that, in 1196, the Holy Coat was solemnly transferred to the new altar of Trier Cathedral.
According to scholars Marion Gibbs and Sidney M. Johnson:
Publication and extant translations
The single manuscript of the poem, redacted in 1477 in Strasbourg, was lost in a fire in 1870. There remain two prints (one verse, one prose) from 1512 in Augsburg, which used different sources, and a handwritten copy from Berlin made in 1818. The 16th-century prints were possibly made to coincide with the rediscovery of the seamless robe of Christ in Trier cathedral by Emperor Maximilian I.
The poem has been edited by von der Hagen (1844), L. Ettmüller (1858) and A. E. Berger (1888); there is a modern German translation by K. Simrock (1845). See H. Harkensee, Untersuchungen über das Spielmannsgedicht Orendel (1879); F. Vogt, in the Zeitschrift für deutsche Philologie, vol. xxii. (1890); R. Heinzel, Über das Gedicht vom König Orendel (1892); and K. Müllenhoff, in Deutsche Altertumskunde, vol. i. (2nd ed., 1890), pp. 32 seq.
The name of the hero appears under several variants in the editions: Orendel (1477 MS, 1512 print), Aren't(n)del (1512 prose print), Erendelle (Anh des Hb., MS burnt 1870), and Ernthelle (Anh d. Hb. c.1483 print).
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Medieval German poems
The 1923 Syracuse Orangemen football team represented Syracuse University in the 1923 college football season.
Schedule
References
Syracuse
Syracuse Orange football seasons
Syracuse Orangemen football
|}
The Hurry Harriet Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Ireland open to thoroughbred fillies and mares aged three years or older. It is run at Gowran Park over a distance of 1 mile, 1 furlong and 100 yards (1,902 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in August.
The race was first run in 2007.
Records
Most successful horse:
no horse has won this race more than once
Leading jockey (4 wins):
Pat Smullen – Chinese White (2009), Along Came Casey (2013), Carla Bianca (2014), Adool (2016)
Leading trainer (5 wins):
Aidan O'Brien – Twirl (2012), Easter (2015), Alluringly (2017), Goddess (2019), Laburnum (2020)
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Ireland
List of Irish flat horse races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , ,
, , , ,
Flat races in Ireland
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Gowran Park Racecourse
Recurring sporting events established in 2007
2007 establishments in Ireland
Jowan Qupty ("koop-tee", , ; born June 6, 1990) is an Israeli-Palestinian swimmer. Their hometown is Jerusalem. They swim the breaststroke.
 They are a three-time Israeli champion in the 100 m and 200 m breaststroke. They and Jewish-Israeli Olympian Nimrod Shapira Bar-Or were high school roommates and best friends.
Swimming career
Qupty started swimming at a Jerusalem YMCA. Swimming in Israel as a youth, their team was a mixture of Jews, Muslims, and Christians.
They established records in the 200 m breaststroke in the Israeli national age group for ages 14, 15, 16, and 17. At age 15, they won a gold medal in the 200 m breaststroke junior division at the 2005 Maccabiah Games.
Qupty attended high school at The Bolles School, in Jacksonville, Florida, where they were 2007 Times-Union All-First Coast Florida Swimmer of the Year, and graduated in 2008. They won the Florida high school swimming state 100 yard breaststroke championship (57.27 seconds) for the Bulldogs. At 17 years of age, Quipty was ranked # 1 in the United States in the 200 yard breaststroke. They missed most of the 2008–09 swim season due to a shoulder injury.
Qupty and fellow Israeli swimmer Nimrod Shapira Bar-Or had known each other when they were children, and swum together for the Jerusalem United swim club in Israel. They attended Bolles together, where they were roommates for two years, swim team teammates, and became best friends. Qupty's father, commenting on the friendship and teamwork between their Christian Arab Israeli son and their son's Jewish Israeli roommate/teammate, said: "Just to see them together after the race jumping and hugging each other; they were so happy. I was looking at them through my tears. Coming from our part of the world, you don't see that." The younger Qupty observed that "people were amazed all the time" that they – a Palestinian – and a Jew could coexist, and Shapira Bar-Or said: "It shows how simple the situation is. If I can live with a Palestinian guy, I'm sure in our country we can live with a couple millions of Palestinians and Israelis together."
In July 2009, they won a bronze medal in 200 m breaststroke (2:24.43), behind Israelis Tom Beeri and Daniel Malnik, in Swimming at the 2009 Maccabiah Games. In December 2010, while a junior at University of Missouri, they established the Mizzou Invitational meet record in the 200 y breaststroke(1:59.56).
In November 2011, they were training in hopes of qualifying to represent Israel at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
References
External links
Swimmingtimes.com entry
1990 births
Living people
Israeli male swimmers
Israeli Arab Christians
Male breaststroke swimmers
Sportspeople from Jerusalem
Maccabiah Games bronze medalists for Israel
Maccabiah Games medalists in swimming
Deva (; Hungarian: Déva, Hungarian pronunciation: ; German: Diemrich, Schlossberg, Denburg; Latin: Sargetia; Turkish: Deve, Devevar) is a city in Romania, in the historical region of Transylvania, on the left bank of the river Mureș. It is the capital of Hunedoara County.
Name
Its name was first recorded in 1269 as castrum Dewa. The origin of the name gave rise to controversy. It is considered that the name comes from the ancient Dacian word dava, meaning "fortress" (as in Pelendava, Piroboridava, or Zargidava). Other theories trace the name to a Roman Legion, the Legio II Augusta, transferred to Deva from Castrum Deva, now Chester (Deva Victrix) in Britain. János András Vistai assume the name is of old Turkic origin from the name Gyeücsa. Others assert that the name is probably of Slavic origin where Deva or Devín means "girl" or "maiden". (A similar case exists in Slovakian for the Devín Castle, located at the confluence of the Danube and Great Morava, at the site of the former town of Devín.)
Additionally, it is possible the name Deva was derived from the reconstructed proto-Indo-European dhewa ("settlement").
On medieval maps Deva appears as: Dewan (first mention), Deva, or later Diemrich.
History
Documentary evidence of the city's existence first appeared in 1269 when Stephen V, King of Hungary and Duke of Transilvania, mentioned "the royal castle of Deva" in a privilege-grant for the Count Chyl of Kelling (). Partially destroyed by the Ottoman Turks in 1550, it was afterward rebuilt and the fortress extended. In 1621 Prince Gabriel Bethlen transformed and extended the Magna Curia Palace (also known as the Bethlen Castle) in Renaissance style.
In 1711–1712, Deva was settled by a group of Roman Catholic Bulgarian merchant refugees from the unsuccessful anti-Ottoman Chiprovtsi Uprising of 1688. The refugees were originally mostly from Chiprovtsi and Zhelezna, though also from the neighbouring Kopilovtsi and Klisura. However, the refugees came to Deva from Wallachia and from Alvinc (now Vinţu de Jos, Romania), where a similar colony had been established in 1700.
They numbered in 1716 51 families and three Franciscan friars, established their own neighbourhood, which was known to the locals as Greci ("Greeks", i.e. "merchants"). Their influence over local affairs caused Deva to be officially called a "Bulgarian town" for a short period, even though the maximum population of the colony was 71 families in 1721. The Bulgarians received royal privileges of the Austrian crown along with their permission to settle and their acquisition of land and property. The construction of Deva's Franciscan friary commenced in 1724 with the funding and efforts of its Bulgarian population, so that the monastery was commonly known as the Bulgarian Monastery. However, the Great Plague of 1738 and the gradual assimilation of the Deva Bulgarians into other ethnicities of Transylvania prevented the colony from growing and by the late 19th century the Bulgarian ethnic element in the town had disappeared completely.
Jewish history
Jews first settled in the town in the 1830s, organizing a community in 1848. Rabbi Moshe Herzog (1893-1898) delivered patriotic sermons in Hungarian. The synagogue was rebuilt in 1925. In 1923, the strictly Orthodox established their own congregation under Hayyim Yehuda Ehrenreich, a rabbinical scholar whose periodical Otzar ha-Hayyim became renowned in Jewish academic circles. In 1927, they set up a press that printed classical Hebrew works.
Zionist organizations were especially active in the mid-1920s. In 1930, there were 914 Jews, or 8.7% of the total. On 5 December 1940, during the National Legionary State, Jewish merchants were forced to give up their shops to members of the ruling Iron Guard. In June 1941, when Romania entered World War II, 695 Jewish refugees from surrounding villages were brought to Deva. In the war's aftermath, many remained there. There were 1190 Jews in 1947; the majority emigrated to Israel after 1948.
Geography
Deva is situated in the central part of Hunedoara County, on the left bank of the middle course of the Mureș River at 187 m above sea level. The city administers four villages: Archia (Árki), Bârcea Mică (Kisbarcsa), Cristur (Csernakeresztúr) and Sântuhalm (Szántóhalma).
Demographics
In 1850, the town had 2,129 inhabitants, of which 1,038 were Romanians (48.8%), 517 Hungarians (24.3%), 255 Germans (12%), 216 Roma (10.1%) and 103 (4.8%) of other ethnicities, meanwhile in 1910, out of 8,654 inhabitants, 5,827 were Hungarians (67.33%), 2,417 Romanians (27.92%), 276 Germans (3.18%) and 134 (1.57%) of other ethnicities.
According to the last census, from 2011, there were 56,647 people living within the city of Deva, making it the 37th largest city in Romania. The ethnic makeup is as follows:
Romanians: 89.67%
Hungarians: 7.79%
Roma: 1.6%
Other: 0.91%
Economy
Automotive, commerce, construction materials and power industries are important to Deva's economy.
Education
A private University of Ecology and Tourism was established in the city in 1990, and the academic centres of Timișoara and Cluj-Napoca have opened branches in the city. Deva is also the home of Romania's national women gymnastics training center called Colegiul National Sportiv "Cetatea" Deva .
Here is a list of the high schools from Deva:
Decebal National College
Traian Theoretical High School
Sabin Drăgoi Theoretical High School
Colegiul Național Sportiv "Cetatea"
Sigismund Toduță High School of Arts
Téglás Gábor Theoretical High School
Transylvania Technical College
Grigore Moisil Technical High School
Dragomir Hurmuzescu Technical College
*Traian Theoretical High School was disbanded in 2014 and the students were enrolled at Decebal National College.
Natives
François Bréda
María Corda
Matthias Dévay
Florentina Iusco
Kocsárd Janky
Bogdan Juratoni
Maria Neculiță
Franz Nopcsa von Felső-Szilvás
Dora Pavel
Pál Réthy
Daniela Silivaș
Adrian Sitaru
Climate
Deva has a humid continental climate (Koppen: Dfb) with warm summers and cold winters. Precipitation peaks in the month of June.
Tourism and sport
Deva is dominated by the Citadel Hill, a protected nature reserve because of its rare floral species and the presence of the horned adder. Perched on the top of the hill are the ruins of the Citadel built in the 13th century. Tourists can visit the Citadel by climbing the hill or using the cable car. The machinery covers a distance of 160 meters and it can transport up to 16 people.
Deva's tourist attractions include the Arts Theatre, the Patria Cinema, the Old Centre and the Citadel Park, where there are the statues of Mihai Eminescu and Decebal and the Magna Curia Palace. There is also the Aqualand Complex, a recently built leisure centre situated near the Citadel Park. It is an important tourist spot for the Transylvania region. Downtown the city, the House of culture and the musical fountain represent two elements that define the town centre of Deva.
Deva is considered the Gymnastics capital of Romania because the National gymnastics training center is located in the city. Many of the country's Olympic gymnasts have trained in Deva, including Nadia Comăneci.
Twinned cities
Arras, France
Cherbourg-Octeville, France
Szigetvár, Hungary
Yancheng, China
Photo gallery
References
External links
Deva City Hall Official Site
Populated places in Hunedoara County
Localities in Transylvania
Cities in Romania
Capitals of Romanian counties
Gnathophis smithi is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya in 1990. It is a subtropical, marine eel which is known from the Nazca and Sala y Gómez ridges, in the southeastern Pacific Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 145–250 metres, and leads a nocturnal lifestyle. Males can reach a maximum total length of 41.1 centimetres. The eel's diet includes benthic crustaceans and polychaetes.
The species epithet refers to David G. Smith, noted for specializing in the study of eels.
References
smithi
Fish described in 1990
Konstantin Chistyakov (born 20 March 1970) is a Russian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1970 births
Living people
Russian male alpine skiers
Soviet male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic alpine skiers of the Unified Team
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Exposé: America's Investigative Reports was a half-hour PBS documentary series that detailed some of the most revealing investigative journalism in America. Thirteen/WNET and the Center for Investigative Reporting launched the series as AIR: America's Investigative Reports on September 1, 2006. When the second season premiered on June 22, 2007, the series was retitled Exposé: America's Investigative Reports. Also in 2007, the series won the News & Documentary Emmy Award for Outstanding Story In A News Magazine for the episode "Blame Somebody Else." Exposé's third and final season began on February 22, 2008, and aired as part of the hour-long series Bill Moyers Journal.
Episodes
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
References
External links
2000s American television news shows
PBS original programming
Television series by WNET
2006 American television series debuts
The loading master person-in-charge (PIC) is the marine transfer operator at the marine terminal who supervises the movement of petroleum products between tanker ships, barges, and the terminal while the vessel is berthed at the dock. In this capacity the marine transfer operator ensures that all regulatory aspects concerning protection of the environment and maritime security are adhered to during marine transfer operations. Of particular importance is ensuring no water pollution occurs from a spill or a breach of security from the access of unauthorized personnel.
Loading master-PIC duties
Additional duties include communicating with the vessel person-in-charge utilizing a portable intrinsically safe two-way radio, spotting the vessel during arrival to ensure the vessel headers are lined up with the dock header, secure and proper placement of the gangway, operating the dock crane while positioning the transfer hose from the dock to the vessel, assisting in connecting the transfer hose or loading arm to the vessel product manifold, and during the transfer monitoring the movement on a regular basis maintaining an hourly log.
Transfer specifications
Loading masters work closely with the marine surveyor in agreeing to the sequence of the transfer. Such as whether any product sampling will take place prior to commencement, determining if a line displacement will occur, agreeing on whether the final stop at completion will either be a shore stop or a draft stop on the vessel. The marine surveyor gauges the vessel's tanks and shore tanks to ensure the correct amount of product is transferred. Additionally, the surveyor or inspector will obtain product samples on the marine vessel and shore tank for laboratory analysis to ensure that the product meets all specifications of purity.
Pre-transfer conference
Of extreme importance in the duties of the loading master-PIC is continuous radio communication with the vessel person-in-charge who will be a Tankerman-PIC if transferring with a barge or a deck officer of the Merchant Marine if the transfer is with a tanker ship. Prior to product moving between the vessel and marine terminal a pre-transfer conference occurs between these marine transfer operators. This conference highlights the particulars of the transfer such as product identity, hazards of the product, rate of flow during the transfer, estimated completion times, maritime security procedures in place, discharge containment and emergency response procedures, and finally any notifications to the marine surveyor that need to be made prior to completion.
Marine transfer operators
A marine transfer operation occurs between three main stakeholders which includes the loading master-PIC, vessel-PIC, and marine surveyor or inspector. These individuals communicate prior to the transfer agreeing on the sequence of events that will occur before, during, and after the transfer. During the course of the transfer the loading master is in continuous two way radio contact with the vessel person-in-charge and standing by to stop the transfer immediately if any problems develop such as leaks at the transfer hose or loading arm.
Other industries
Every commercial cargo or passenger operation requires someone to supervise the loading of ships, ferries, trucks, aircraft and so on.
See also
Loadmaster, a similar role at airports
References
External links
Marine Transfer Operators
Maritime Security
Marine occupations
Water transport
Canadian Pacific Railway Co. v Notre Dame de Bonsecours is a Canadian constitutional law decision, dealing with the powers of the provinces under the Constitution Act, 1867 (formerly the British North America Act, 1867). The point in issue was whether the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, a federally regulated railway, was required to comply with an order issued by a municipality under provincial law. The municipal order required the CPR Co. to clean a ditch beside its rail line, which had become blocked and flooded neighbouring land, under penalty of $20 per day until the ditch was cleared.
The case arose in the province of Quebec and was appealed to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in Britain, at that time the highest court of appeal for the British Empire. The Judicial Committee held that the provincial law applied to the railway provided it did not regulate the structure or operation of the railway.
The case is a foundational case for the scope of provincial legislation over federally regulated works and undertakings, and continues to be cited regularly by the Supreme Court of Canada. It has particular significance in environmental law cases.
Facts
Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours was a parish municipality, in the Outaouais region of Quebec, incorporated under provincial law. The Canadian Pacific Railway Company, or CPR Co., is a federally incorporated railway company. Its North Shore line, connecting Montreal to Ottawa, crossed through Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours.
The railway ran parallel to property owned by one Julien Gervais and included a ditch along the property line. The ditch had become blocked, resulting in an overflow of water onto Gervais's property. The municipality served an order on the CPR Co. under the Municipal Code of Quebec, directing it to clear the obstruction in the ditch, under penalty of paying $20 per day for failing to comply with the order. The CPR Co. asserted that it was not bound by provincial law and did not have to comply with the order. That triggered the resulting lawsuit in the courts of Quebec and eventually the Judicial Committee, as the municipality sought to enforce its order and the accumulated penalty of $200. The CPR Co. continued to resist.
Constitutional provisions
The case turned on the division of powers between the federal and provincial governments under the Constitution Act, 1867. Section 92(10)(a) and section 91(29), taken together, assign to the federal Parliament the exclusive power to regulate "Railways,... and other Works and Undertakings connecting the Province with any other or others of the Provinces, or extending beyond the Limits of the Province".
However, the Constitution Act, 1867 also assigns the provinces exclusive jurisdiction over municipalities (s. 92(8)), property and civil rights in the province (s. 92(13)), and local matters (s. 92(16)). The issue was whether the railway, as a federally regulated "work or undertaking" was required to comply with the municipal order to clean its ditch, an order made under provincial law, or whether that order was an impermissible provincial attempt to regulate a federal railway.
Decisions of Quebec courts
The matter went first to the Superior Court of Quebec, which upheld the municipal order to remove the blockage from the ditch. Justice Melhiot held that the railway company was subject to the Municipal Code.
CPR Co. then appealed to the Quebec Court of Queen's Bench, which dismissed the appeal by a 4-1 decision. Speaking for the majority, Justice Bossé resolved the constitutional issue by relying on a provision of the federal Railway Act, which provided that provincial laws passed prior to the Railway Act continued to apply to federally regulated railways. Since the Municipal Code predated the Railway Act, they held that the municipal order was valid.
Justice Hall dissented and held that the Municipal Code did not apply. Instead, they concluded that the municipality was required to apply to the federal Railway Committee for an order under the Railway Act directing the CPR Co. to remove the blockage.
Appeal to Judicial Committee
The CPR Co. then appealed to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, sitting in London. Edward Blake, QC and Tyrell Paine acted for the CPR Co., while Richard Haldane, QC and Gerald Hohler acted for the municipality. The Committee gave its decision on March 24, 1899, dismissing the appeal.
Lord Watson gave the decision for the Committee. They held that the federal government has extensive powers to regulate the construction, repair and alteration of the railway, as well as the management, constitution and powers of the railway company. However, federally regulated railways do not cease to be part of the province in which they are located and continue to be subject to provincial law.
Applying these principles, Lord Watson stated that the province could not attempt to dictate how the railway built the ditch, but if the ditch became choked with rubbish and caused an overflow onto neighbouring property, an order directing that the ditch be cleaned would be within provincial authority. They concluded that on the facts of the case, the municipality was simply seeking to have the obstruction removed, without any change to the structure of the ditch, and therefore the order applied to the CPR Co.
As a result, the Committee advised Them Majesty that the appeal should be dismissed, affirming the judgment below, with court costs to be paid by the railway company.
Significance
Subsequent decisions
The Supreme Court of Canada continues to cite the Notre Dame de Bonsecours case with approval, for the proposition that provincial laws apply to federally regulated works and undertakings as long as they do not attempt to regulate the specifically federal character of the work or undertaking. The case has acquired particular significance in environmental law cases, supporting the proposition that provincial environmental laws relating to the release of pollutants into the environment apply to federally regulated works and undertakings. For example in Ontario v Canadian Pacific, the Supreme Court held, in short reasons from the bench, that an environmental law applied to the CPR Co., citing Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours. The courts have continued to apply that principle.
More recently, in 2019 the British Columbia Court of Appeal cited Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours in its decision that the province could not regulate the amount or type of product shipped on an inter-provincial pipeline, as that would intrude on the scope of federal regulation of the operation of the pipeline. In 2020, in a decision from the bench, the Supreme Court of Canada dismissed British Columbia's appeal, "for the unanimous reasons of the Court of Appeal for British Columbia."
Department of Justice collection of cases
The federal Department of Justice included this decision in the three volume collection of constitutional decisions of the Judicial Committee which the Department published when appeals to the Judicial Committee were abolished.
References
Canadian constitutional case law
Canadian federalism case law
Judicial Committee of the Privy Council cases on appeal from Canada
1899 in Canadian case law
Railway litigation in 1899
Canadian Pacific Railway
Transport in Outaouais
The theory of a biotic pump pertains to the importance of forests in the water cycle, specifically, in determining the levels of rainfall a region will receive. It states that an increased amount of evaporation or transpiration will cause a reduction in atmospheric pressure as clouds form, which will subsequently cause moist air to be drawn to regions where evapotranspiration is at its highest. In a desert this will correspond to the sea whereas in a forest, moist air from the sea will be drawn inland. The theory predicts two different types of coast to contentinental rainfall patterns, first in a forested area one can expect no decrease in rainfall as one moves inland in contrast to a deforested region where one observes an exponential decrease in annual rainfall. Whereas it is true current global climate models fit these patterns as well, it is argued this is due to parametrization and not the veracity of the theories.
This theory is in contradiction of the more traditional view that surface winds are solely a direct product of differences in surface heating and heat released from condensation. The creators of the theory argue that phase changes in water play a greater role in atmospheric dynamics than currently acknowledged. Publication of the paper was preceded by an extended editorial debate at the publishing journal, based on highly critical peer reviews.
References
Further reading
Atmospheric sciences
Atmospheric circulation
Elliot Archilla (born 19 March 1946) is a Puerto Rican biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1946 births
Living people
Puerto Rican male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Puerto Rico
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of transfers in Serbian football for the 2019–20 summer transfer window.
Moves featuring Serbian SuperLiga and Serbian First League sides are listed.
The order by which the clubs are listed is equal to the classifications at the end of the 2018–19 season.
Serbian SuperLiga
Red Star Belgrade
In:
Out:
Radnički Niš
In:
Out:
Partizan
In:
Out:
Čukarički
In:
Out:
Mladost Lučani
In:
Out:
Napredak Kruševac
In:
Out:
Vojvodina
In:
Out:
Proleter Novi Sad
In:
Out:
Radnik Surdulica
In:
Out:
Spartak Subotica
In:
Out:
Voždovac
In:
Out:
Mačva Šabac
In:
Out:
Rad
In:
Out:
TSC Bačka Topola
In:
Out:
Javor Ivanjica
In:
Out:
Inđija
In:
Out:
Serbian First League
Dinamo Vranje
In:
Out:
Zemun
In:
Out:
Bačka BP
In:
Out:
Radnički 1923
In:
Out:
Metalac G. M.
In:
Out:
Zlatibor Čajetina
In:
Out:
Sinđelić Beograd
In:
Out:
Trajal
In:
Out:
Budućnost Dobanovci
In:
Out:
OFK Žarkovo
In:
Out:
Kabel
In:
Out:
Novi Pazar
In:
Out:
Grafičar Beograd
In:
Out:
Radnički Pirot
In:
Out:
Smederevo 1924
In:
Out:
Kolubara
In:
Out:
See also
Serbian SuperLiga
Serbian First League
References
Serbian SuperLiga
2019
transfers
Wirsberg is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
City arrangement
Wirsberg is arranged in the following boroughs:
Birkenhof
Cottenau
Einöde
Goldene Adlerhütte
Neufang
Osserich
Schlackenmühle
Sessenreuth
Weißenbach
Wirsberg
References
Kulmbach (district)
Dave Fleming (March 9, 1944 – April 22, 2020) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1965, 1967 and 1972. They played college football at the University of Pittsburgh.
References
1944 births
2020 deaths
Players of Canadian football from Pittsburgh
Players of American football from Pittsburgh
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Pittsburgh Panthers football players
Canadian football running backs
Lamb, hogget, and mutton, generically sheep meat, are the meat of domestic sheep, Ovis aries. A sheep in its first year is a lamb and its meat is also lambed. The meat from sheep in their second year is hogget. Older sheep meat is mutton. Generally, "hogget" and "sheep meat" are not used by consumers outside Norway, New Zealand, South Africa, Scotland and Australia. Hogget has become more common in England, particularly in the North (Lancashire and Yorkshire) often in association with rare breed and organic farming.
In South Asian and Caribbean cuisine, "mutton" often means goat meat. At various times and places, "mutton" or "goat mutton" has occasionally been used to mean goat meat.
Lamb is the most expensive of the three types and in recent decades sheep meat is increasingly only retailed as "lamb", sometimes stretching the accepted distinctions given above. The stronger-tasting mutton is now hard to find in many areas, despite the efforts of the Mutton Renaissance Campaign in the UK. In Australia, the term prime lamb is often used to refer to lambs raised for meat. Other languages, such as French, Spanish, Italian and Arabic, make similar or even more detailed distinctions among sheep meats by age and sometimes by sex and diet—for example, lechazo in Spanish refers to meat from milk-fed (unweaned) lambs.
Classifications and nomenclature
The definitions for lamb, hogget and mutton vary considerably between countries. Younger lambs are smaller and more tender. Mutton is meat from a sheep over two years old, and has less tender flesh. In general, the darker the colour, the older the animal.
Britain, Australia and New Zealand
Lamb — a young sheep which is less than one year old. From 1 July 2019, the Australian definition is "an ovine animal that: (a) is under 12 months of age; or (b) does not have any permanent incisor teeth in wear. This new definition meant that Australians farmers could extend the term "lamb" with another month. This followed a similar definition change in New Zealand in 2018. In Britain the definition is still "0 permanent incisor teeth". A permanent incisor tooth is said to be "in wear" if it protrudes further than the nearest milk teeth.
Hogget — A term for a sheep of either sex having no more than two permanent incisors in wear, or its meat. In the UK, it means animals that are 11 to 24 months old, while Australian butchers use the term for animals that are 13 to 24 months old. Still common in farming usage and among speciality butchers, it is now a rare term in British, Australian and New Zealand supermarkets, where meat of all sheep less than two years old tends to be called "lamb".
Mutton — the meat of a female (ewe) or castrated male (wether) sheep having more than two permanent incisors in wear.
United States
In the early 1900s, mutton was widely consumed in the United States, but mutton consumption has declined since World War II. , most sheep meat in the United States comes from animals in between 12 and 14 months old, and is called "lamb"; the term "hogget" is not used. Federal statutes and regulations dealing with food labeling in the United States permit all sheep products to be marketed as "lamb." USDA grades for lamb are only partly a function of the animal's age. Animals up to 20 months old may meet the quality of the "USDA prime" grade depending on other factors, while "USDA choice" lamb can be of any age.
"Spring lamb" is defined by the USDA as having been slaughtered between March and October.
Indian subcontinent
The term "mutton" is applied to goat meat in most countries on the Indian subcontinent, and the goat population has been rising. For example, mutton curry is always made from goat meat. It is estimated that over a third of the goat population is slaughtered every year and sold as mutton. The domestic sheep population in India and the Indian subcontinent has been in decline for over 40 years and has survived at marginal levels in mountainous regions, based on wild-sheep breeds, and mainly for wool production.
Other definitions
Milk-fed lamb — meat from an unweaned lamb, typically 4–6 weeks old and weighing 5.5–8 kg; this is almost unavailable in countries such as the United States and the United Kingdom. The flavour and texture of milk-fed lamb when grilled (such as the tiny lamb chops known as chuletillas in Spain) or roasted (lechazo asado or cordero lechal asado) is generally thought to be finer than that of older lamb, and fetches higher prices. The areas in northern Spain where this can be found include Asturias, Cantabria, Castile and León, and La Rioja. Milk-fed lambs are especially prized for Easter in Greece, when they are roasted on a spit.
Young lamb — a milk-fed lamb between six and eight weeks old
Spring lamb — a milk-fed lamb, usually three to five months old, born in late winter or early spring and sold usually before 1 July (in the northern hemisphere).
Sucker lambs — a term used in Australia — includes young milk-fed lambs, as well as slightly older lambs up to about seven months of age which are also still dependent on their mothers for milk. Carcases from these lambs usually weigh between 14 and 30 kg. Older weaned lambs which have not yet matured to become mutton are known as old-season lambs.
Yearling lamb — a young sheep between 12 and 24 months old
Saltbush mutton – a term used in Australia for the meat of mature Merinos which have been allowed to graze on atriplex plants
Salt marsh lamb (also known as 'saltmarsh lamb' or by its French name, agneau de pré-salé) is the meat of sheep which graze on salt marsh in coastal estuaries that are washed by the tides and support a range of salt-tolerant grasses and herbs, such as samphire, sparta grass, sorrel and sea lavender. Depending on where the salt marsh is located, the nature of the plants may be subtly different. Salt marsh lamb has long been appreciated in France and is growing in popularity in the United Kingdom. Places where salt marsh lamb are reared in the UK include Harlech and the Gower Peninsula in Wales, the Somerset Levels, Morecambe Bay and the Solway Firth.
Saltgrass lamb – a type of lamb exclusive to Flinders Island (Tasmania). The pastures on the island have a relatively high salt content, leading to a flavor and texture similar to saltmarsh lamb.
Butchery and cookery
The meat of a lamb is taken from the animal between one month and one year old, with a carcass weight of between . This meat generally is more tender than that from older sheep and appears more often on tables in some Western countries. Hogget and mutton have a stronger flavour than lamb because they contain a higher concentration of species-characteristic fatty acids and are preferred by some. Mutton and hogget also tend to be tougher than lamb (because of connective tissue maturation) and are therefore better suited to casserole-style cooking, as in Lancashire hotpot, for example.
Lamb is often sorted into three kinds of meat: forequarter, loin, and hindquarter. The forequarter includes the neck, shoulder, front legs, and the ribs up to the shoulder blade. The hindquarter includes the rear legs and hip. The loin includes the ribs between the two.
Lamb chops are cut from the rib, loin, and shoulder areas. The rib chops include a rib bone; the loin chops include only a chine bone. Shoulder chops are usually considered inferior to loin chops; both kinds of chops are usually grilled. Breast of lamb (baby chops) can be cooked in an oven.
Leg of lamb is a whole leg; saddle of lamb is the two loins with the hip. Leg and saddle are usually roasted, though the leg is sometimes boiled.
Forequarter meat of sheep, as of other mammals, includes more connective tissue than some other cuts, and, if not from a young lamb, is best cooked slowly using either a moist method, such as braising or stewing, or by slow roasting or American barbecuing. It is, in some countries, sold already chopped or diced.
Lamb shank definitions vary, but generally include:
a cut from the arm of shoulder, containing leg bone and part of round shoulder bone, and covered by a thin layer of fat and fell (a thin, paper-like covering).
a cut from the upper part of the leg.
Mutton barbeque is a tradition in Western Kentucky. The area was strong in the wool trade, which gave them plenty of older sheep that needed to be put to use.
Thin strips of fatty mutton can be cut into a substitute for bacon called macon.
Lamb tongue is popular in Middle Eastern cuisine both as a cold cut and in preparations like stews.
Cuts
UK, Canada, and other Commonwealth countries
Approximate zones of the usual UK cuts of lamb:
Scrag end (of neck)
Middle neck
Best End (of neck)
Loin
Chump (and chump chops)
Leg (gigot in Scotland)
Shank
Shoulder
Breast
US and Ireland
Square cut shoulder – shoulder roast, shoulder chops and arm chops
Rack – rib chops and riblets, rib roast
Loin – loin chops or roast
Leg – sirloin chops, leg roast (leg of lamb)
Neck
Breast
Shanks (fore or hind)
Flank
New Zealand
Forequarter
Neck – neck chops
Shoulder – shoulder chops, shoulder roast (usually boned and rolled)
Rib-eye
Breast
Knuckle
Loin
Rib-loin – racks, frenched cutlets, spare ribs
Mid-loin – striploin (backstrap), loin chops
Tenderloin
Flap
Full leg – leg roast (may be boned and rolled), leg chops. A short-cut leg is a full leg without the chump; a carvery leg is a short-cut leg without the thick flank
Chump (rump) – chump chops, rump steak
Thick flank (knuckle) – schnitzel
Topside & silverside – steaks
Shank
Production and consumption figures
Sheep meat consumption
According to the OECD-FAO Agricultural Outlook for 2016, the top consumers of sheep meat in 2015 were as follows: EU countries are not individually surveyed in this list. Among EU nations, Greece is the per capita leader in consumption at 12.3 kg, while the UK's annual per capita lamb consumption is 4.7 kg. Outside of the OECD, the largest per capita consumer overall is Mongolia, with 45.1 kg.
Sheep meat production
The table below gives a sample of producing nations, but many other significant producers in the 50–120 KT range are not given.
Source: Helgi Library, World Bank, FAOSTAT
Dishes
Meat from sheep features prominently in the cuisines of several Mediterranean cultures including Greece, Croatia, Turkey, North Africa, Jordan, and the Middle East, as well as in the cuisines of Pakistan and Afghanistan. In Greece, for example, it is an integral component of many meals and of religious feasts such as Easter, like avgolemono and magiritsa. It is also popular in the Basque culture, both in the Basque country of Europe and in the shepherding areas of the Western United States. In the United States, the Navajo have incorporated mutton and lamb into their traditional cuisine since the introduction of sheep by Spanish explorers and settlers in the 17th century, replacing wild turkey and venison and creating a pastoral culture. In Northern Europe, mutton and lamb feature in many traditional dishes, including those of Iceland, Norway and of the United Kingdom, particularly in the western and northern uplands, Scotland and Wales. Mutton used to be an important part of Hungarian cuisine due to strong pastoral traditions but began to be increasingly looked down on with the spread of urbanisation.
Mutton is also popular in Australia. Lamb and mutton are very popular in Central Asia and in certain parts of China, where other red meats may be eschewed for religious or economic reasons. Barbecued mutton is also a specialty in some areas of the United States (chiefly Owensboro, Kentucky) and Canada. However, meat from sheep is generally consumed far less in the US than in many European, Central American and Asian cuisines; for example, average per-capita consumption of lamb in the United States is only per year.
In Australia, the leg of lamb roast is considered to be the national dish. Commonly served on a Sunday or any other special occasion, it can be done in a kettle BBQ or a conventional oven. Typical preparation involves covering the leg of lamb with butter, pushing rosemary sprigs into incisions cut in the leg, and sprinkling rosemary leaves on top. The lamb is then roasted for two hours at and typically served with carrots and potato (also roasted), green vegetables and gravy.
In Indonesia, lamb is popularly served as lamb satay and lamb curry. Both dishes are cooked with various spices from the islands, and served with either rice or lontong. A version of lamb and bamboo shoot curry is the specialty of Minang cuisine, although similar dishes can be found in Thai cuisine.
In Mexico, lamb is the meat of choice for barbacoa, in which the lamb is roasted or steamed wrapped in maguey leaves underground.
In Japan, although lamb is not traditionally consumed in most of the country, on the northern island of Hokkaido and in the northeastern Tohoku regions, a hot-pot dish called jingisukan (i.e. "Genghis Khan") is popular. In that dish, thin-sliced lamb is cooked over a convex skillet alongside various vegetables and mushrooms in front of the diners, then dipped in soy-sauce-based dipping sauces and eaten. It was so named because lamb is popular in Mongolia (see "Sheep meat consumption" above).
Organ meats/offal
Lamb's liver, known as lamb's fry in New Zealand and Australia, is eaten in many countries. It is the most common form of offal eaten in the UK, traditionally used in the family favourite (and pub grub staple) of liver with onions, potentially also with bacon and mashed potatoes. It is a major ingredient, along with the lungs and heart (the pluck), in the traditional Scottish dish of haggis.
Lamb testicles or lamb fries are a delicacy in many parts of the world.
Lamb kidneys are found in many cuisines across Europe and the Middle East, often split into two halves and grilled (on kebabs in the Middle East), or sautéed in a sauce. They are generally the most highly regarded of all kidneys.
Lamb sweetbreads are a delicacy in many cuisines.
Environmental impact
Production of lamb emits more greenhouse gas per gram of protein than other common foods, except for beef.
See also
Lechazo de Castilla y León – milk-fed lamb meat from Spain
List of lamb dishes
Mutton curry
Mutton flaps
Goat meat
Sheep's trotters
Smalahove – a Western Norwegian dish of sheep head
Bibliography
K.F. Warner, "Boning Lamb Cuts", Leaflet 74, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Bureau of Animal Industry, June 1931. full text
Bob Kennard, "Much ado about mutton". Ludlow: Merlin Unwin, 2014
Notes
External links
Sheep Meat Production
Meat by animal
Sheep
The 1985–86 Eliteserien season was the 29th season of ice hockey in Denmark, and the first season of the Eliteserien. Seven teams participated in the league, and the Rødovre Mighty Bulls won the championship. Hellerup IK was relegated to the 1. division.
First round
Final round
Qualification round
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Dan
1985 in Danish sport
1986 in Danish sport
Kalinowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łochów, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
External links
Jewish Community in Kalinowiec on Virtual Shtetl
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Ancient Commentators on Aristotle project based at King's College London and under the direction of Richard Sorabji has undertaken to translate into English the ancient commentaries on Aristotle. The project began in 1987 and in 2012 published its 100th volume. A further 30 or so volumes are planned. The project is now co-edited by Michael Griffin (UBC).
See also
Commentaria in Aristotelem Graeca
External links
Ancient Commentators Project at King's College London
The Aristotelian Commentators: A Bibliographical Guide (PDF) by John Sellars
The 2010 congressional elections in Arizona were held on November 2, 2010, to determine who would represent the state of Arizona in the United States House of Representatives. Arizona had eight seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Representatives were elected for two-year terms; those elected were to serve in the 112th Congress from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013.
The state's 2009-2010 delegation consisted of five Democrats and three Republicans. With the exception of Democrat Ann Kirkpatrick, who had won the open seat in District 1 during the previous election, all members of the delegation were incumbents who had served for at least a full term in Congress. Also, with the exception of retiring Republican John Shadegg of District 3, all incumbent members of the state's delegation ran for re-election.
As of August 17, 2010, Districts 1, 5 and 8, all held by Democrats, were considered to be competitive by both CQ Politics and The Cook Political Report. The primary elections for Congressional races were held on August 24, 2010.
Overview
The table below shows the total number and percentage of votes, as well as the number of seats gained and lost by each political party in the election for the United States House of Representatives in Arizona. In addition, the voter turnout and the number of votes not valid will be listed below.
By district
Results of the 2010 United States House of Representatives elections in Arizona by district:
District 1
Democratic incumbent Ann Kirkpatrick ran for reelection, challenged by Republican nominee Paul Gosar and Libertarian nominee Nicole Patti (PVS).
Kirkpatrick and Patti ran unopposed in their respective primaries. The Republican primary featured 8 candidates seeking to take on Kirkpatrick in the general election. Mining industry lobbyist Sydney Hay, who had been the Republican nominee to run against Kirkpatrick in 2008, finished second in the primary behind dentist Paul Gosar. Gosar, a political neophyte, was buoyed by endorsements from highly visible Republican politicians, including Sarah Palin. Other unsuccessful Republican candidates included attorney Bradley Beauchamp and former state legislator Rusty Bowers. District 1 was represented by Kirkpatrick since 2009. Prior to their election in 2008, the district had been held by Republicans since 1995. Kirkpatrick lost on November 2, 2010 to Paul Gosar and the seat reverted to the Republicans.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
Polling
District 2
Republican incumbent Trent Franks was challenged by Democratic nominee John Thrasher (campaign site, PVS), and Libertarian nominee Powell Gammill (campaign site, PVS).
District 2 has been represented by Republican Trent Franks since 2003. They were challenged by US Army veteran and contractor Charles Black, a political upstart, in the Republican primary. Franks won an easy victory with over 80% of the vote in their favor.
Retired teacher John Thrasher ran unopposed for the Democratic nomination. Thrasher has twice attempted to unseat Franks, losing to the incumbent by 19% in 2006 and by 22% in 2008. Retired biologist Powell Gammill ran unopposed for the Libertarian nomination. Gammill had run unsuccessfully for the seat in 2008, taking in just over 2% of the vote.
Trent Franks won re-election on November 2, 2010.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
District 3
This was an open seat, as Republican incumbent John Shadegg retired. Candidates were Republican nominee Ben Quayle, Democratic nominee Jon Hulburd, Libertarian nominee Michael Shoen (campaign site, PVS), and Green Party nominee Leonard Clark (campaign site, PVS).
On January 14, 2010 8-term incumbent Shadegg announced their retirement at the end of their current term, making the third district an open seat.
In the wake of Shadegg's retirement, several Republicans declared their candidacy, including state legislators Pamela Gorman, Jim Waring and Sam Crump, Paradise Valley mayor Vernon Parker and former mayor Ed Winkler, and attorneys Paulina Morris and Ben Quayle. Quayle, the son of former Vice President Dan Quayle, emerged victorious with 22.8% of the vote, while business person and political neophyte Steve Moak came in second with 18%.
Attorney and small business person Jon Hulburd filed their candidacy for the Democratic nomination on October 16, 2009. The Hulburd campaign got off to a strong start and raised over $300,000 in the fourth quarter of 2009. This attracted national attention with the DCCC naming the race as one of its top 17 races to watch nationwide. Hulburd was not opposed in the primary.
Attorney Michael Shoen ran unopposed for the Libertarian nomination. Shoen had run for the seat in 2008, earning just under 4% of the vote. Iraq War veteran Leonard Clark won the Green Party nomination.
Ben Quayle won the general election on November 2, 2010.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
Polling
District 4
Democratic incumbent Ed Pastor is running for reelection, challenged by Republican nominee business person Janet Contreras (campaign site, PVS), Libertarian Party nominee accountant Rebecca DeWitt (campaign site, PVS), and Green Party nominee retired economist Joe Cobb (campaign site, PVS).
District 4 has been represented by Pastor since 1991. Since taking office, they have been re-elected nine times with no less than 62% of the vote. They ran unopposed in their primary. Contreras defeated immigration attorney Joe Peñalosa for the Republican nomination by a margin of 59-40%. DeWitt and Cobb ran unopposed in their respective primaries. Both had run unsuccessfully for the seat in 2008, with DeWitt taking 3.5% of the vote, while Cobb had earned 3%.
Ed Pastor won re-election on November 2, 2010.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
District 5
Democratic incumbent Harry Mitchell ran for reelection, challenged by Republican nominee David Schweikert and Libertarian nominee Nick Coons (campaign site, PVS).
Mitchell and Coons ran unopposed in their respective primaries. In the Republican primary, former Maricopa County treasurer David Schweikert defeated business person and political newcomer Jim Ward, and former Scottsdale city council member Susan Bitter Smith, who they had defeated in the 2008 primary election, as well as 3 other candidates. Schweikert's victory sets up a rematch against Mitchell, who defeated them 53-44% in the 2008 general election. Ryan Blackman was the Green Party nominee, but they withdrew. District 5 has been represented by Mitchell since 2007. Prior to Mitchell's victory over incumbent conservative Republican J. D. Hayworth, the district had been held by Republicans since 1985. David Schweikert defeated Democratic incumbent Harry Mitchell on November 2, 2010, returning the seat to the Republicans.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
Polling
District 6
Republican incumbent Jeff Flake was challenged by Democratic nominee librarian Rebecca Schneider (campaign site, PVS), Libertarian nominee Darell Tapp (PVS), and Green Party nominee Richard Grayson (campaign site).
In the Republican primary, Flake defeated Jeff Smith, an investor, by 65-35%. In the Democratic primary, librarian Rebecca Schneider ran unopposed. Schneider ran against Flake in the 2008 election cycle, losing 62-35%. District 6 has been represented by Flake since 2001. Flake won re-election on November 2, 2010.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
District 7
Democratic incumbent Raúl Grijalva was challenged by Republican nominee physicist Ruth McClung (campaign site, PVS), Libertarian banker George Keane (campaign site, PVS), and Independent high school teacher Harley Meyer (campaign site, PVS).
In the Democratic primary, Grijalva ran unopposed. In the Republican primary, McClung won with just over 50% of the vote in a field of 5 candidates. In the Libertarian primary, Keane won against Andrew Ibarra 54% to 39%.
District 7 has been represented by Grijalva since it was created in 2003. Grijalva won re-election on November 2, 2010.
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
Polling
District 8
Democratic incumbent Gabby Giffords won their race for reelection, after a challenge from Republican nominee Marine veteran and business person Jesse Kelly and Libertarian nominee engineer Steven Stoltz (campaign site, PVS).
In the Republican primary, Kelly defeated former State Senator Jonathan Paton 49-41%, with 2 other candidates picking up the remainder of the vote. Giffords and Stoltz ran unopposed in their respective primaries. District 8 has been represented by Giffords since 2007. Prior to their win, the seat had been held by Republicans since the creation of the district in 2003. Giffords' re-election allows the seat to be retained by the Democrats.
Results
Race ranking and details from CQ Politics
Campaign contributions from OpenSecrets
Race profile at The New York Times
Polling
References
External links
Elections at the Arizona Secretary of State
Official candidate list
U.S. Congress candidates for Arizona at Project Vote Smart
Arizona U.S. House from OurCampaigns.com
Campaign contributions for U.S. Congressional races in Arizona from OpenSecrets
2010 Arizona General Election graph of multiple polls from Pollster.com
House - Arizona from the Cook Political Report
House of Representatives
Arizona
2010
‘''Prodigy Network''' is an online real-estate crowdfunding platform that crowdfunds real-estate investments supported by capital from individual and institutional investors. Its platform provides tools for investors to browse investments, perform due diligence and invest online. It is marketed to international investors and to accredited investors in the United States, and has raised $600 million from investors in 37 countries.
History
Prodigy Network was founded in 2003 by Rodrigo Nino as a network of brokers interested in offering real-estate investments. After the JOBS Act was enacted, Prodigy Network launched its first crowdfunding campaign in New York City from its building on Wall Street.
In October 2013, Prodigy Network financed a landmark building located in New York's Financial District. By November 2013 Prodigy raised $200 million with the completion of a crowdfunding campaign for the tallest building in the country in Bogotá, Colombia.
In June 2014, the company raised $12 million through a crowdfunding campaign for a building next to the United Nations headquarters. Around this time, the company ran a “design competition” to crowdsource design opportunities for the coworking and hotel space in 17 John and awarded winners.
In September 2014, the company finalized the crowdfunding campaign for 17 John St., a commercial building near Fulton Center.
In 2015, Time magazine reported on the opening of AKA United Nations, an extended-stay property near the United Nations that was termed the “first crowdfunded condo.”
In August 2015, the company launched a campaign for a property near the Flatiron Building and Madison Square Park.
In 2016, Prodigy Network raised funds for The Assemblage / Park, located in the NoMad neighborhood of Manhattan, and was acquired in June 2017.
In 2017, The New York Times reported Prodigy Network's launch of its first coworking space, The Assemblage in NoMad. The property was designed by renown company Meyer Davis, as a venue to facilitate consciousness and collaboration. The property officially launched in November, and operates under four memberships with prices ranging between $200 and $6,500.
Products
Prodigy Network focuses on investing in coworking and co-living spaces and mixed-use real estate. Its projects have included extended stay hotels, office towers, shopping center units, and condominiums. Its portfolio of six New York and two Colombian projects has a total value of $875 million.
See also
Crowdsourcing
Disruptive Innovation
Commercial Real Estate
References
External links
Prodigy Network official website
Real estate companies established in 2003
Real estate companies of the United States
Sybra albostictipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Breuning in 1963.
References
albostictipennis
Beetles described in 1963
Bad Schandau station is a minor junction station in Bad Schandau in the German state of Saxony. The station is located on the south bank on the Elbe on the Děčín–Dresden-Neustadt railway and it is also the terminus of the Bautzen–Bad Schandau railway. The town is located on the north side of the river and is connected to the station by a ferry and a road bridge.
Bad Schandau is a frontier station for international traffic between Germany and the Czech Republic. Bad Schandau station is now the only long-distance stop in the touristic area and national park of Saxon Switzerland. It is marketed as a "national park station" by Deutsche Bahn and the municipality of Bad Schandau.
About 1,600 passengers and visitors pass through and 94 trains stop at the station each day.
History
Development until 1945
Bad Schandau received its rail connection with the opening of the Königstein–Krippen section of the Děčín–Dresden-Neustadt railway (then known as the Saxon-Bohemian Railway—Sächsisch-Böhmische Staatseisenbahn) on 9 June 1850. The last section from Krippen to the border was opened less than a year later, on 6 April 1851, completing the through railway from Dresden to Prague. At the time the current Krippen station was the station of Schandau.
With the construction of Bautzen–Bad Schandau railway and the strong growth in traffic, a new station was opened in 1877 at the current location under the name of Schandau. Since July 1920, it has had its current name of Bad Schandau, with the Bad (bath) reflecting Schandau's status as a spa town.
The station was rebuilt and enlarged in 1920. In this context, it received a new locomotive depot (Bahnbetriebswerk) and additional tracks. The station was mainly used for local freight and passenger traffic, but it also had significant tourist traffic for visitors to the region. In 1945 the second track and parts of the station tracks were dismantled as war reparations to the Soviet Union.
Development after 1945
The signing of the “interim agreement on mutual railway operations at the Prostřední Žleb-Bad Schandau border crossing” on 31 August 1947 was of crucial importance for Bad Schandau station. This agreement between the Czechoslovak State Railways (ČSD) and Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR) provided that the handover of all cross-border trains would take place in Bad Schandau and so the station became a border station handling frontier and customs formalities for cross-border freight and passenger traffic.
Extensive changes were made during the electrification of the line from 1970 to 1976. In addition to changes to the railway tracks, a modern centralised signal box was built. The old signal boxes were demolished in the subsequent years. In addition, the railway to Krippen was realigned, a modern road bridge was built over the Elbe and two new overpasses were built over the railway yard as part of this project.
On 22 October 1980, a fire damaged the attic of the station building. In July 1981, the goods shed burned down.
Before the political changes in 1989 more and more people tried to leave East Germany via Czechoslovakia and the Stasi ordered "suspicious" passengers on trains towards Czechoslovakia off the train at the border control at Bad Schandau and sent them back, if necessary.
Even after the fall of the wall, Bad Schandau station initially retained its significance for freight traffic. In the mid-1990s, however, there were significant declines especially in freight, which were exacerbated after the merger of Deutsche Reichsbahn and Deutsche Bundesbahn as Deutsche Bahn AG. This development led to a significant reduction of shunting and the use of existing sidings, so these were also partially dismantled.
Between 2008 and 2011 there was a fundamental reorganisation of the station and the station building, which has been owned by the town of Bad Schandau since 2010. Since then, there has been a tourist information centre, a bicycle rental service and an organic market as well as access to the platforms for the disabled. In addition, car and bicycle parking and interchange opportunities to buses and the ferry were created. The Allianz pro Schiene (Pro-Rail Alliance) gave the station the award of "Station of the Year in 2012 (Special Prize tourism)".
Bad Schandau locomotive depot
When the station was constructed a simple sandstone building for refuelling locomotives was also built. In the 1920s, a turntable was built and the depot was enlarged. The Bad Schandau locomotive depot (Bahnbetriebswerk) was founded in 1925.
On 31 December 1963, the depot was disbanded as an independent agency and made subordinate to the Pirna locomotive depot. The work site was closed in 1994. The whole site was demolished in the 2000s.
Train services
The station is served by several train services operated by Deutsche Bahn (including Dresden S-Bahn line S1). The station is also served by EuroCity services from Hamburg and Berlin to Prague, Bratislava and Budapest as well as by certain InterCity and Nighttrains (EuroNight and CityNightLine).
Notes
References
External links
Städtebahn Sachsen website
Bad Schandau station at www.verkerhsmittelvergleich.de
Railway stations in Saxony
Dresden S-Bahn stations
railway station
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1877
Robert Hugh Carlin (February 10, 1901 – October 22, 1991) was a Canadian labour union organizer and politician, who represented the electoral district of Sudbury in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1943 to 1948. They were a member of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (Ontario Section) (CCF).
Born in Buckingham, Quebec in 1901, Carlin moved to Cobalt in 1916 to work in the silver mines. They joined the Western Federation of Miners as a union representative, and was involved in the 1919 Cobalt Miners' Strike. They later began working at Teck Hughes in Kirkland Lake, but was fired in 1940 along with 36 other miners. They remained active as a union organizer, coordinating a major Labour Day demonstration against Teck Hughes in 1941.
They subsequently moved to Sudbury, where they became president of Mine Mill Local 598, and won election to the Legislative Assembly in the 1943 election and was re-elected in the 1945 election.
Following the 1945 election, the leadership of the CCF launched a purge of suspected Communists within the party and its supporters in the trade union movement attempted to eliminate suspected Communist influence in the union movement targeting, in particular, Mine Mill. National CCF secretary David Lewis and Charles Millard of the Canadian Congress of Labour decided to root the communists out of organized labour's decision-making bodies. Their first target was the CCF riding association in Sudbury, and its affiliated Mine Mill Local 598, even though the local was not under Communist control: out of 11,000 dues-paying members, very few were communists (less than 100). Over the next twenty years, a fierce battle was waged to take over Local 598 by Millard's United Steel Workers of America. Steel won.
Carlin was loyal to their union, Local 598, putting them in conflict with CCF establishment in both Toronto and Ottawa.
Charles Millard, Ontario CCF leader Ted Jolliffe, and David Lewis did not directly accuse Carlin of being a communist. Instead, they attacked them for not dealing with the perceived problem of communists in the Sudbury Mine Mill local. Local 598 was built by both Communists and CCFers, with the CCFers firmly in control of the executive. Carlin's first loyalty was to the men and women who helped build Local 598, regardless of their political affiliation. This is what got them in trouble with Lewis and Jolliffe. So Lewis and Jolliffe made the case to expel them from the Ontario CCF caucus at a special meeting of the CCF executive and the legislative caucus in Toronto on April 13, 1948. In essence, Carlin became a casualty of Steel's plans to raid Mine, Mill. The CCF lost the seat in the 1948 Ontario election, placing fourth to Welland Gemmell of the Progressive Conservatives. Carlin, running as an independent, finished a very close second. It wasn't until the CCF changed its name to the New Democratic Party (NDP) and the Mill/Steelworkers war was over in 1967, that another social democratic candidate — Elie Martel in Sudbury East — was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from the city.
Carlin then stood as a Farmer-Labour candidate in the 1949 federal election in the federal riding of Sudbury, losing to Liberal candidate Léo Gauthier but placing ahead of Willard Evoy, the CCF candidate.
They subsequently returned to labour organizing in Sudbury, becoming a bargaining agent for the Steelworkers Local 6500 from 1962 until their retirement.
On May 27, 1978, they were awarded an honorary doctorate of laws degree by Laurentian University. The degree was awarded for their pioneering work in the early days of the union movement in Northern Ontario.
Carlin died in Sudbury at the age of 90.
References
External links
1901 births
1991 deaths
Trade unionists from Ontario
Ontario Co-operative Commonwealth Federation MPPs
20th-century Canadian legislators
Politicians from Gatineau
Politicians from Greater Sudbury
Western Federation of Miners people
Chicot County ( ) is a county located in the southeastern corner of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 11,800. The county seat is Lake Village. Chicot County is Arkansas's 10th county, formed on October 25, 1823, and named after Point Chicot on the Mississippi River. It is part of the Arkansas Delta, lowlands along the river that have been historically important as an area for large-scale cotton cultivation.
Landmarks around the county include Lake Chicot, North America's largest oxbow lake and Arkansas's largest natural lake; the site of Charles Lindbergh's first night-time flight; and the legendary burial site of Hernando De Soto, near Lake Village.
History
Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto came to this area with their expedition in 1542, settling for a time in the village or territory known as Guachoya. The European-American town of Lake Village later developed in the 19th century at Lake Chicot, formed by an oxbow of the Mississippi River. Eighteenth-century French colonists named it Chicot because of the many cypress trees in the waterways. The word is translated to "stumpy, or knobby".
The area along the Mississippi River and major tributaries was developed as cotton plantations, the major commodity crop before and after the American Civil War of 1861–1865. Enslaved African Americans formed the labor force, comprising a majority of the population in the antebellum years. Major large cotton plantations included Sunnyside (owned in the 20th century by LeRoy Percy, planter and US Senator from Greenville, Mississippi); Florence, Patria, Pastoria, Luna, and Lakeport.
During the war, Union and Confederate forces fought at the Battle of Old River Lake from June 5 to June 6, 1864.
The population of the rural county has declined since its peak in 1940. Earlier in the century, boll weevils threatened the cotton crop, and many African Americans left in the Great Migration for opportunity in northern and midwestern industrial cities. In addition, mechanization of agriculture and consolidation into industrial-style farms has reduced the need for farm labor.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (6.7%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 65
U.S. Highway 82
U.S. Highway 165
U.S. Highway 278
Highway 8
Highway 35
Highway 159
Highway 52
Arkansas 144
Adjacent counties
Desha County (north)
Bolivar County, Mississippi (northeast)
Washington County, Mississippi (east)
Issaquena County, Mississippi (southeast)
East Carroll Parish, Louisiana (south)
West Carroll Parish, Louisiana (south)
Morehouse Parish, Louisiana (southwest)
Ashley County (west)
Drew County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 10,208 people, 4,068 households, and 2,636 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 11,800 people living in the county. 54.1% were Black or African American, 41.2% White, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% Native American, 3.2% of some other race and 0.8 of two or more races. 4.6% were Hispanic or Latino (of any race).
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 14,117 people, 5,205 households, and 3,643 families living in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 5,974 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 53.96% Black or African American, 43.24% White, 0.13% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.41% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. 2.88% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,205 households, out of which 31.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 43.70% were married couples living together, 22.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.00% were non-families. 26.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.50% under the age of 18, 8.60% from 18 to 24, 26.40% from 25 to 44, 22.20% from 45 to 64, and 15.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 94.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,024, and the median income for a family was $27,960. Males had a median income of $25,899 versus $17,115 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,825. About 23.10% of families and 28.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 38.30% of those under age 18 and 20.70% of those age 65 or over.
Since 1940, the population of the county has collapsed. Press reports indicate that in 2013, the largest settlement in the county, Lake Village, Arkansas had two bank branches, two pharmacies, some law firms, two dollar stores, a grocery store, and no retail shops.
Politics
The county voters have traditionally supported the Democratic Party. In the 20th century, the only Democratic presidential candidate to lose the county was George McGovern in 1972.
The county is part of Arkansas's 1st congressional district. In the Arkansas Senate, the county is in District 26 and is represented by Republican Ben Gilmore. In the Arkansas House of Representatives, it is in District 1 and represented by Republican Mark McElroy. The county supported a measure prohibiting "co-habiting couples" from adopting.
Communities
Cities
Dermott
Eudora
Lake Village (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Arkla
Bellaire
Cosgrove
Chicot Junction
Empire
Farmwood
Indian
Grand Lake
Hudspeth
Jennie
Lakeport
Lakehall
Luna
McMillian Corner
Readland
Ross Van Ness
Shives
Stuart Island
Wellford
Ghost town
Eunice
Townships
Bowie (Dermott)
Carlton (Lake Village)
Planters (Eudora)
Notable people
Larry D. Alexander- Visual artist, writer, Bible teacher
Jim Cain - American player of gridiron football
Ruby Grant Martin - lawyer, federal civil rights official
Robert L. Hill - founder of the Progressive Farmers and Household Union of America
Mark D. McElroy - State representative for Chicot County since 2013; resides in Desha County
Lycurgus Johnson, the owner of the Lakeport Plantation, later a state member of congress.
See also
List of lakes in Chicot County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chicot County, Arkansas
References
External links
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
County in Arkansas, United StatesEdit
Jump to navigationJump to sea
1823 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1823
Arkansas counties on the Mississippi River
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Arkansas
The 1921 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1921 college football season. In their second and final year under head coach George McLaren, the Razorbacks compiled a 5–3–1 record (2–1 against SWC opponents), finished in third place in the SWC, and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 144 to 48.
Schedule
References
Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football seasons
Arkansas Razorbacks football
Bob Bosustow (8 June 1934 – 28 December 1997) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Their son Peter also played for Carlton in the 1980s.
References
External links
Bob Bosustow's profile at Blueseum
1934 births
1997 deaths
Carlton Football Club players
Perth Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Place of birth missing
Robert Zipp is a retired U.S. soccer player who currently serves as a youth soccer referee.
Zipp attended O'Dea High School in Seattle, Washington where they were a four year varsity letterman on the boys' soccer team. They were also a two year letterman on the football team. Additionally, Parade Magazine selected Zipp as a high school All-American soccer player in 1980 and 1981. After graduating from high school, they were drafted in the first round of the North American Soccer League (NASL) draft. Records don't show which team drafted him. However in 1981, Zipp was a member of Washington Diplomats. Zipp then played the 1981-1982 NASL indoor season with the Seattle Sounders; however, they never appeared in an outdoor game with the Sounders. The Sounders folded at the end of the 1983 NASL season and in 1984, Zipp joined F.C. Seattle for the F.C. Seattle Challenge '84. This four team round-robin series pitted F.C. Seattle, an independent local Seattle “super club” against the New York Cosmos, Vancouver Whitecaps and Minnesota Strikers. F.C. Seattle was largely stocked with ex-NASL players put out of work by the disintegration of the NASL.
In 1985, F.C. Seattle joined with several other independent west coast clubs to form the Western Soccer Alliance (WSA). Zipp continued with the team this season, becoming the team captain after former captain Jeff Durgan was released following the team's game with the Canadian national soccer team. In 1986, Zipp moved to the San Jose Earthquakes. They remained with the Earthquakes through the 1988 WSA season, after which the Earthquakes folded.
Since retiring from playing professionally, Zipp has remained active as a youth soccer referee.  They are currently an AYSA referee coordinator. In 2004, O'Dea High School inducted Zipp into the school's Athletic Wall of Honor.
External links
NASL stats
Zipp scoring a goal versus Chivas
References
1963 births
Living people
American soccer players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) indoor players
Washington Diplomats (NASL) players
Seattle Sounders (1974–1983) players
Western Soccer Alliance players
Seattle Storm (soccer) players
San Jose Earthquakes (1974–1988) players
American soccer referees
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from Washington (state)
D-8-XM-TV channel 8, otherwise known as PTV Cordillera, is a regional television station of Philippine-government owned television network People's Television Network. Its studio is located at the PTV Cordillera Broadcast Hub, PIA Cordillera Compound, Romulo Drive, Brgy. Lualhati, Baguio City and its transmitter is located at Mt. Sto. Tomas, Tuba, Benguet.
History
1967 - D-8-XM-TV Channel 8 was launched by Associated Broadcasting Corporation (now TV5 Network, Inc.) until President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos declared Martial Law was forced to shut-down in 1972.
1973 - D-8-XM-TV Channel 8 was reopened and became part of the Banahaw Broadcasting Corporation.
1986 - PTV begin its broadcasts in Baguio after the EDSA Revolution.
July 1989 - PTV Baguio started its local operations. It was once based in an apartment in Downtown Baguio. But a year after, PTV Baguio temporarily halted its local operations and downgraded as relay station when its office got severely damaged by the 1990 Luzon earthquake.
March 26, 1992 - President Cory Aquino signed Republic Act 7306 turning PTV Network into a government corporation known formally as People's Television Network, Inc. (PTNI).
July 16, 2001 - Under the new management appointed by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, PTNI adopted the name National Broadcasting Network (NBN) carrying new slogan "One People. One Nation. One Vision." for a new image in line with its new programming thrusts, they continued the new name until the Aquino administration in 2010.
October 6, 2011 - People's Television Network, Inc. (PTNI) became a primary brand and the branding National Broadcasting Network was retired.
March 11, 2017 - PTV Baguio resumed its local operations and upgraded to originating station, with the inauguration of the newly constructed PTV Cordillera Broadcast Hub, which was led by President Rodrigo Duterte, PCO Sec. Martin Andanar and PTV General Manager and CEO Dino Antonio C. Apolonio. Prior to this, In March 2013, the network was groundbreaking for the construction of the new PTV Cordillera Broadcast Hub. However, the construction of the PTV Cordillera Broadcast Hub was halted due to Preliminary injunction. The construction of the Broadcast hub resumed in April 2014 and the building was finished in February 2017. The President also led the ocular inspection of two newly acquired Digital Satellite News Gathering vans of the network to be used for live news coverage.
April 27, 2021 - PTV Cordillera started digital test broadcasts on UHF Channel 42.
Programming
Current
Kangrunaan a Damag
Isyu @ Serbisyo with Eddie Carta
Be Unrivaled with Jianlin F.
Former
PTV Cordillera Newsbreak
Digital television
Digital channels
UHF Channel 42 (641.143 MHz)
Areas of coverage
Primary areas
Baguio City
Benguet
La Union
Pangasinan
Secondary areas
Portion of Nueva Ecija
Portion of Tarlac
Portion of Ilocos Sur
See also
People's Television Network
List of People's Television Network stations and channels
DWGT-TV - the network's flagship station in Manila.
DZEQ
References
People's Television Network
People's Television Network stations
Television channels and stations established in 1986
Television stations in Baguio
Digital television stations in the Philippines
Hong Byung-sik (born 15 October 1969) is a South Korean biathlete. They competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics and the 1992 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
South Korean male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of South Korea
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ski-orienteers at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Tracking in Caves is an international archaeology project focusing on reading and understanding human tracks in archaeological contexts. The project combines Western scientific approaches with the indigenous knowledge of present-day trackers from hunter-gatherer societies.
Foundation
Tracking in Caves was organized as a joint project by the African Archaeology (at the Institute of Prehistoric Archaeology, University of Cologne), the Neanderthal Museum, the Heinrich-Barth-Institute, the Nyae Nyae Conservancy, the Kalahari Peoples Fund and the Association Louis Bégouën. Financial support came from the German Research Foundation Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft.
The numerous human footprints still preserved in some rock art caves in southern France were the starting point of the project. These tracks date back to the last Ice Age and originated around 17,000 years ago. In contrast to the rock art, they have so far only been sparsely studied and with purely morphometric, "surveying" approaches. In order to get a deeper understanding of these very individual human traces, two researchers, Tilman Lenssen-Erz (University of Cologne, African Archaeology), and Andreas Pastoors (Neanderthal Museum, Mettmann), invited African trackers to support them. Together with /Ui /Kxunta, /Ui G/aqo De!u and Tsamkxao Ciqae, three highly specialized trackers of the Ju/'hoansi San in Namibia, they investigated various caves in the French Pyrenees in the summer of 2013, including Niaux, Pech-Merle, Fontanet and Tuc d'Audoubert. In all the track fields that were investigated the three San experts were able to determine the age, sex, gait and occasional peculiarities (load, slipping, etc.) of most people who had moved there. Concluding statements on the prehistoric footprints were made after intensive discussion in the consensus of all three trackers. These conversations were recorded for further evaluation. The project was also accompanied by a film team and the resulting 90 minute TV documentary was broadcast on Arte TV on September 6, 2014. In addition to this documentary the project reached a far ranging public also in the following years in particular through media reports in newspapers and journals.
In 2014, with the support of AICON 3D Systems, the footprint field in Pech-Merle was scanned, which had been examined by the trackers the year before.
Presentation of findings
In 2015, the core research team travelled back to Namibia, funded by the Andrea von Braun Stiftung. There the English dubbed version of the TV documentary was screened at the communities of the participant San trackers at various locations in Namibia and Botswana. On these occasions the three trackers took over the entire presentation (introduction, explanations and subsequent discussion) of the events. In addition to the "homecoming" of the results, an important element of these movie nights was the conveyance of the importance of the art of tracking based on the encyclopaedic ecological knowledge of the communities.
In order to bring together the very diverse approaches existing worldwide in the field of tracking and in scientific research on old tracks, an international conference is scheduled for Cologne and Mettmann (Neanderthal Museum) in May 2017. It allows an intensive exchange between scientists and trackers from different parts of the world, in order to bring together the wide and most diverse knowledge about prehistoric tracks and their interpretation. A wide range of indigenous knowledge is to be articulated through trackers from such diverse environments as arid tropical zones, rainforest and Arctic tundra.
References
Further reading
Andreas Pastoors, Tilman Lenssen-Erz, Tsamkgao Ciqae, Ui Kxunta, Thui Thao, Robert Bégouën, Megan Biesele & Jean Clottes (2015) Tracking in Caves – Experience based reading of Pleistocene human footprints in French caves. Cambridge Archaeological Journal, 25(3): 551-564.
Andreas Pastoors, Tilman Lenssen-Erz, Bernd Breuckmann, Tsamkxao Ciqae, Ui Kxunta, Dirk Riepe-Zapp, Thui Thao (2016) Experience based reading of Pleistocene human footprints in Pech-Merle. Quaternary International, 21 March 2016
External links
http://www.tracking-in-caves.org
Media coverage
Süddeutsche Zeitung, 17. Juli 2013, p. 16, Marc von Lüpke "Die Barfuß-Forscher"
NRC – Handelsblad, 18. Juli 2013, Theo Toebosch "De jacht op prehistorische voetsporen"
Science, 26 July 2013, Vol 341, p. 326 "Modern Trackers Decipher Ancient Footsteps"
New Scientist, 21/28 December 2013, pp. 64–66, Christopher Kemp "Walking with Cavemen"
Bild der Wissenschaft, 7-2014, pp. 56–63, Karin Schlott "Fährtenleser auf der Spur unserer Urahnen"
Pyrénées Magazine, no 157, 01/02-2015, p. 10, Natacha Scheidhauer-Fradin "Des Bochimans sur les pas des hommes préhistoriques"
Archäologie in Deutschland, 4-2015, pp. 14–19, Tilman Lenssen-Erz & Andreas Pastoors "Fährtenleser blicken 17000 Jahre in die Vergangenheit"
Peolwane, May 2015, pp. 22–25, Phillip Segadika "Decoding Messages from the Distant Past"
Die Zeit, 21.Mai 2015, pp. 33–35, Urs Willmann & Andreas Derebucha "Spurensuche in der Steinzeit"
Geo-Magazin, 6-2015, pp. 44–58, Jörg Uwe Albig & Anastasia Taylor-Lind "Im Licht der Jäger"
Express, 16 August 2015, p. 8, S. Wildermann "Führen Fährtenleser die Forscher zum Ur-Fußabdruck?"
Archaeological projects
History of Namibia
The Rilska River (, Rilska reka, "Rila River") is a river in south-western Bulgaria, a left tributary of the Struma. The river is 51 km long and drains the western sections of the Rila mountain range.
Geography
Under the name Manastirska River, it takes its source from the north-eastern corner of the Upper Fish Lake in the western part of Central Rila at an altitude of 2,225 m in a cirque surrounded by the peaks Yosifitsa (2,697 m) in the east, Kanarata (2,666 m) in the south and Kyoravitsa (2,612 m) in the west. It flows through the Lower Fish Lake, turns in north-western direction and after forming a large convex to the north it turns to the south-west. Following the confluence with its largest tributary, the Iliyna River, it flows in western direction under the name Rilska River. It forms deep and densely forested valley until it reaches the town of Rila and enters the plain and wide Dupnitsa Valley. There, the Rilska River turns in south-western direction and after 10 km flows into the Struma at an altitude of 346 m in the outskirts of the town of Kocherinovo.
Its drainage basin covers a territory of 392 km² or 2.27% of Struma's total. It borders the basins of the rivers Dzherman (a left tributary of the Struma) to the north and north-west, Iskar to the east and north-east, Mesta to the south-east and Blagoevgradska Bistritsa (a left tributary of the Struma) to the south.
The Rilska River has predominantly snow-rain feed with high water in late spring and early summer (May–June) and low water in winter (February). Its left tributaries have more contribution to the annual flow because they are situated in southern end of the valley on slopes that face in northern direction and accumulate more snow. The average annual flow is 6.26 m3/s at the village of Pastra and 3.35 m3/s at the confluence with the Struma. The overall annual flow is 241.9 million m3, or 11.4% of Struma's total.
The river has low levels of mineralisation and is strongly saturated with oxygen.
Economy
There are five settlements along the river: Pastra and Rila in Rila Municipality and Stob, Porominovo and Barakovo in Kocherinovo Municipality. The waters of the upper and middle course are used for electricity by the smalls hydro power stations of Pastra and Rila; the waters are also used for irrigation in the Dupnitsa Valley.
The entire length of 38 km of the third class road III-107 between Kocherinovo and the Rila Monastery follows the Rilska River valley.
The whole upper course and watershed of the river falls within borders of the Rila Monastery Nature Park. On the river's left banks some 4.8 km downstream of the confluence with the Iliyna is located the Rila Monastery, one of Bulgaria's oldest and most important sanctuaries. The monastery is an important national and international tourist destination and was designated an UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983. Further downstream at the village of Stob, just south of Rilska River's left banks are situated the Stob Earth Pyramids, rock formations, known as hoodoos.
Citations
References
Rivers of Bulgaria
Landforms of Kyustendil Province
Rila
Henry Cheng Kar-shun, GBM, GBS (Chinese: 鄭家純; born 11 December 1946) is a Hong Kong billionaire property developer.
Cheng is the elder son of Cheng Yu-tung who founded Hong Kong-listed New World Development of which Henry succeeded their father as chairperson. Cheng is chairperson of NWS Holdings, New World China Land, and New World Department Store China.  They are also a Standing Committee Member of the Eleventh Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
In the 2012 Chief Executive election in Hong Kong, Cheng initially supported Henry Tang but switched to support the eventual winner, Leung Chun-ying. When Leung's second Secretary for Development, Paul Chan, became embroiled in a property and credibility scandal (as had the first, Mak Chai-kwong), Cheng was the first public figure to offer support.
Cheng has six children (from oldest to youngest): Adrian, Sonia, Brian, Christopher, Chak-wang and Chak-yin.
In 2016, Henry Cheng donated RMB$300 million to China Internet Development Foundation to support cybersecurity training.
They were awarded the Grand Bauhinia Medal (GBM) by the Hong Kong SAR Government in 2017.
References
External links
New World Development Dr. Henry Cheng
1946 births
Living people
Hong Kong billionaires
Hong Kong businesspeople
New World Development people
NWS Holdings
University of Western Ontario alumni
Members of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Recipients of the Gold Bauhinia Star
Recipients of the Grand Bauhinia Medal
Members of the Selection Committee of Hong Kong
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 1998–2000
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2000–2005
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2007–2012
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2012–2017
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2017–2021
Billionaires from Guangdong
Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong politicians
Permitted attached private lines, abbreviated PAPL, are voice-grade telephone wires that run point-to-point (rather than point-to-exchange) between locations in the telephone company's copper network. Data can travel across the PAPL link (at a distance of up to 3.5 km) at speeds of around 2Mb per second. Originally, PAPLs were intended to act as basic alarm circuits for fire or security systems, though in recent years have been utilised to carry DSL data signals.
References
Telstra Holds Off on Scrapping Copper
Information Access (Electronic Frontiers Australia)
Telstra Impose their own Internet GST
Local loop
The 2022 Tour of Belgium (known as the 2022 Baloise Belgium Tour for sponsorship purposes) was the 91st edition of the Tour of Belgium road cycling stage race, which took place from 15 to 19 June 2022. The category 2.Pro event formed a part of the 2022 UCI ProSeries.
Teams
Eight of the nineteen UCI WorldTeams, six UCI ProTeams, and eight UCI Continental teams made up the twenty-two teams that participated in the race.
UCI WorldTeams
UCI ProTeams
UCI Continental Teams
Route
Stages
Stage 1
15 June 2022 — Merelbeke to Maarkedal,
Stage 2
16 June 2022 — Beveren to Knokke-Heist,
Stage 3
17 June 2022 — Scherpenheuvel-Zichem to Scherpenheuvel-Zichem,
Stage 4
18 June 2022 — Durbuy to Durbuy,
Stage 5
19 June 2022 — Gingelom to Beringen,
Classification leadership table
On stage 2, Tim Wellens, who was second in the points classification, wore the red jersey, because first placed Mads Pedersen wore the blue jersey as the leader of the general classification.
On stages 3 and 4, Jasper Philipsen, who was second in the points classification, wore the red jersey, because first placed Mads Pedersen wore the blue jersey as the leader of the general classification.
Classification standings
General classification
Points classification
Combativity classification
Young rider classification
Team classification
References
External links
2022
Tour of Belgium
Tour of Belgium
Tour of Belgium
Tour of Belgium
Indian Creek is a long 3rd order tributary to the Deep River in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Course
Indian Creek rises about 0.5 miles west of Goldston, North Carolina and then flows southeasterly to join the Deep River about 1.5 miles southwest of Gulf, North Carolina.
Watershed
Indian Creek drains of area, receives about 47.7 in/year of precipitation, has a wetness index of 408.42 and is about 54% forested.
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Chatham County, North Carolina
The Nazrul Institute is Bangladesh's national institute, established in February 1985. Its headquarters are located in Kabi Bhaban in Dhanmondi, Dhaka, Bangladesh. It fulfills a number of roles; promoting the literary work of the poet Kazi Nazrul Islam, recognising excellence in literature research by conferring awards, and public engagement.
Structure and governance
The institute is headed by an executive director who has a trustee board to advise them. The first executive director of the institute was Mohammad Mahfuzullah and the first chairperson of the trustee board was Mohammad Nasiruddin.
Functions and activities
According to the Nazrul Institute Ordinance of 12 June 1984, the functions and objectives of the institute regarding the poet are:
Conduct study and research on the writings
Compile, preserve, edit and publish poems and songs
Organise discussion meetings, lectures, seminars, conferences
Run a library containing books on the poet's life, literature, music, records of their songs, tapes, films
Prepare musical notations and make gramophone records, tape records, films
Impart training in singing and reciting songs
Confer awards to scholars for outstanding research
The institute has preserved around 1,500 authentic Nazrul Geeti songs.
Nazrul Award
Since 1985, the institute has been conferring two awards each year to dedicated Nazrul artistes and researchers. A partial list of the winners are:
2007 – Ismat Ara and Mohammad Abdul Quayum
2009 – Razia Sultana and Shaheen Samad
2012 – Anupam Hayat and MA Mannan
2013 – Khilkhil Kazi and Nashid Kamal
2014 – Serajul Islam Choudhury and Shabnam Mustari
2015 – Sadya Afreen Mallick and Abu Hena Abdul Awal
2016 – Fatema Tuz Zohra, Ferdous Ara and Leena Taposh Khan
2017 – Khairul Anam Shakil and Rashidun Nabi
References
Dhanmondi
Learned societies of Bangladesh
Cultural organisations based in Bangladesh
Bengali literary institutions
Cultural promotion organizations
1985 establishments in Bangladesh
Kazi Nazrul Islam
Elizabeth Hernández, aka “Modelo de Mujer”, is a Puerto Rican television personality, author, spokesperson, professional model, entrepreneur, and motivational speaker.
Early years
Born in New York City to Puerto Rican parents and raised primarily in Puerto Rico, Hernández began their career in the modeling, beauty contests and entertainment field at a very early age. The family moved to mainland (USA) where they became a professional model. They joined Wilhelmina Models and Barbizon in New York. They then moved to Florida and joined Ford Models in Miami and Martha Haggman Image Development and Modeling Studio. Hernández has been featured on promotional campaigns for renowned brands in the nation and the Caribbean.
Hernández earned a bachelor's degree in Computer Science and Specialized in Business Administration and multiple certifications on Advertising and Marketing Communications from Fashion Institute of Technology. Hernández is the presenter on the television show “Elizabeth En Tu Agenda” (Elizabeth In Your Agenda) TV Show (EETA) broadcasting in USA Florida on Telemundo, Vision TV, Orange TV and other outlets and Puerto Rico Canal 13 WORO.
Hernández is a former Mrs. Puerto Rico United States ‘00-‘01. Pageant Consultant, Coordinator and Judge for regional, national and international beauty pageants. Hernández is founder/president of EH Image Development & Modeling Institute (EH Modeling). Once a year they present a scholarship to a selected low income family to offer them the opportunity to train and make their dreams a reality.
Motivational speaker
Hernández participates in conferences, seminars and workshops during the year empowering the Hispanic Families in the United States and Puerto Rico. Elizabeth is also the Founder and Co-Producer of Motivational Seminar Series “Mujer Tu Puedes” (Woman, you can!).
Awards and recognitions
2000 Presented with a RESOLUTION by Hon. Charlie Rodriguez President of El Senado de Puerto Rico resolving that "Elizabeth Hernandez is the year 2000 Mrs. Puerto Rico United States and a role model to the Puerto Rican women in the United States"
2001 Recognition Award presented by Manuel A. Toro, Founder & President of La Prensa Newspaper and National Federation of Hispanic Owned Newspapers during the VIII Hispanic Media Convention.
2001 Presented with a RESOLUTION by Hon. Edison Misla Aldarondo, President of La Camara de Representantes de Puerto Rico resolving that "Elizabeth Hernandez is a proud representation of the Puerto Rican women"
2004 Selected “Celebrity of the Week” - Telemundo
2004 Awarded Premio Paoli “Modeling Academy of The Year” - Premios Paoli Intl.
2007 Awarded the “Leadership” Award - Convocatoria De Mujeres Hispanas
2007 Presented with a RESOLUTION by Mayor of Orange County Honorable Rich Crotty (Richard T. Crotty) and Orange County Commissioner Mildred Fernandez, District 3 resolving that “Elizabeth Hernandez, owner of EH Modeling and creator/founder of motivational seminar series “Mujer Tu Puedes! (Woman, You Can!)”, be recognized for the valuable contributions to the continuous empowerment of Women as local, state and national leaders”.
2008 Featured on the segment “Triunfadores” Noticias - Telemundo
2009 Awarded the “Women Who Make A Difference” Award, Executive Business Category presented by LaPrensa Newspaper, an ImpreMedia Co.
2009 Nominated to the Orlando Business Journal “Forty Under 40" Award (recognizing 40 outstanding business professionals under the age of 40).
Volunteer services
Guest Speaker. Conference. Ministerio Mujer Llena de Gracia, a ministry dedicated to provide assistance to battered and abused women (abused physically, mentally, and emotionally. Speaker/Orator of a motivational workshop for the youth and adult emphasizing on the personal growth of the individual in a spiritual, personal, and professional level.
Convocatoria de Mujeres Hispanas: Main speaker during the opening ceremony and for the duration of the event; presenter of varies motivational workshops from the motivational seminar series “Mujer Tu Puedes-de limones, limonada!” – for the personal and professional development of all women – in body, mind and soul!
Latino Leadership of Orlando Feria Back-To-School y Salud: Considering the high percentage of youth who are reprimanded for not dressing appropriately for school, with a few instances resulting in suspensions, Hernández wanted to present to our youth the importance of adopting and obeying the “Dress Code” established by our public schools, in a way that would be fun and “cool” for them while complying with the rules established by our school system. In order to entice their interest, they created a Fashion Show titled “Dress Cool for School”. This fashion show is developed and performed in a juvenile and very age-appropriate format to give the audience ideas to mix and match clothes that are appropriate under the school-dress code and yet “fashionable, hip!, cool and fun to wear!”
Volunteer in the Teach-In school programs: Performing informal chats on etiquette and self-esteem to elementary and middle public schools.
Volunteer Coordinator of a summer program titled “Highsmith Summer Character Development Series”: A governmental foster home for girls and boys ages 10–17, which emphasized the importance of developing our character and self-esteem.
Volunteer for the “Feeding the Homeless” program: Coalition for the Homeless Center
(seasonal) Volunteer serving as a Big-Sister mentor to young ladies between the ages of 13 thru 18 – crucial years of their personal and professional development.
Supporter of Canine Companion for Independence
References
External links
http://www.elizabethentuagenda.com - official website
https://web.archive.org/web/20150316030748/http://www.visiontv.us/
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Puerto Rican television personalities
Puerto Rican female models
American beauty pageant winners
Fashion Institute of Technology alumni
Ocięte is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sadowne, north-west of Węgrów, and north-east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
An Artist of Life () is a 1925 German silent film directed by Holger-Madsen and starring Erna Morena and Grete Mosheim.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Alfred Junge.
Cast
In alphabetical order
References
Bibliography
External links
1925 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
Films directed by Holger-Madsen
German black-and-white films
National Film films
1920s German films
M. Qasim Jan (born 10 January 1944) is a geologist and research scientist from Pakistan. They have been the vice-chancellor of three Pakistani universities. Their research has been in geology, mineralogy, petrology, geochemistry, and tectonics. They have authored or edited a dozen books, and has published numerous papers on geology and tectonics of the North-West Himalayas. Presently, they are Professor Emeritus at the National Centre of Excellence in Geology, University of Peshawar. Jan is also currently the Secretary General of the Pakistan Academy of Sciences, and of the Association of the Academies of Sciences in Asia.  They are also a fellow of the Academy of Sciences for the Developing World (TWAS).
Life and education
Jan was born in Hangu, Pakistan in 1944. They received their elementary and secondary education from various places in northern Pakistan. In 1964, they received a BSc, with First Class Honours in geology, from the University of Peshawar (UoP). They went to the United States to attend the University of Oregon, from where they received a M.S. in 1967. They became a lecturer in UoP in 1968. In 1970, they were promoted to assistant professor at the university. Later, they went to the United Kingdom to pursue their PhD at the University of London King's College. In 1977 they were awarded a PhD in geology, writing their thesis on The mineralogy, geochemistry and petrology of Swat Kohistan, N.W. Pakistan, under the supervision of the mineralogist Robert A. Howie. After their PhD, they returned to Peshawar, where they became Associate Professor in 1979, full Professor in 1983, and Dean of Natural Sciences faculty in 1997.
Academic career
They performed post-doctoral research at Dartmouth College (1985), University of Leicester (1981, 1989), and University of Oklahoma (1987–88). They were awarded prestigious Fellowships, such as Royal Society, Fulbright, and NERC. They paid visits to many institutions and delivered talks on the geology of the North-West Himalayas in Europe, the US, and Australia. In 1980, they joined the newly founded government-based organisation, the National Centre of Excellence in Geology, where they later served as its Director. They were a visiting professor at the University of Oregon, USA, in 1994–95. From 1997 to 2000, they were Vice-Chancellor, University of Peshawar, and from 1 July 2001 to December 2003, was founder Vice-Chancellor of the Sarhad University of Science and Information Technology, Peshawar. In February 2004, they were selected as Distinguished National Professor of the Higher Education Commission, and from October 2005 to February 2010 was Vice-Chancellor of Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad. Jan remained actively engaged in studying various aspects of the geology of the northeast Himalayas and Karakoram, and published a large number of papers both nationally and internationally.
Selected publications
Awards and honours
Honorary Member, Nepal Geological Society (2007)
Emeritus Fellow, Mineralogical Society of Great Britain (2009)
Pakistan civil award Hilal-i-Imtiaz, (2010)
Pakistan civil award Sitara-i-Imtiaz, (1999)
Pakistan civil award Tamgha-i-Imtiaz (1994)
National Book Foundation award for Best Book in Pakistan in Natural Sciences for 1995–1999
Presidential medal for excellence in teaching, Izaz-i-Fazeelat, 1993
Gold Medals by Pakistan Academy of Sciences (1980)
Ministry of Science and Technology Prize for Best Paper, 1996
Scientist of the Year award, National Book Council of Pakistan (1990)
Pakistan Academy of Sciences Distinguished Scientist of the Year (2009) award
Earth Scientist of the Year award, National Book Foundation (1986)
References
External links
- includes interview with Jan about their research in the Himalayan mountains
Recipients of Sitara-i-Imtiaz
University of Oregon alumni
University of Oregon faculty
University of Peshawar alumni
University of Peshawar faculty
Quaid-i-Azam University faculty
Living people
1944 births
Alumni of King's College London
People from Hangu District, Pakistan
Fellows of Pakistan Academy of Sciences
Pakistani geochemists
Petrologists
Pakistani mineralogists
Pashtun people
Saik or Sa-ik may be:
Hong Sa-ik, Korean general in the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II
Jang Sa-ik, South Korean singer
Courtesy name of late Joseon dynasty artist Kim Su-cheol
SAIK may be:
Sandvikens AIK, Swedish sports club involved in bandy and football
Sillhövda AIK, Swedish football club
Skellefteå AIK, Swedish hockey club
Skövde AIK, Swedish football club
Ruchna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References
Ruchna
Dale Studzinski (born 6 August 1979 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a retired South African football striker.
References
1979 births
Living people
South African soccer players
Sportspeople from Durban
Bidvest Wits F.C. players
SuperSport United F.C. players
Association football forwards
Platinum Stars F.C. players
White South African people
Thanda Royal Zulu F.C. players
Manning Rangers F.C. players
Nathi Lions F.C. players
Banana Moon is the debut solo album by Australian singer/songwriter/guitarist and Gong leader Daevid Allen, released in July 1971 on the French BYG Actuel label. The album is sometimes referred to as Bananamoon and it was also reissued as a Gong album.
The album features Allen's former Soft Machine bandmate Robert Wyatt on drums and Archie Legget on bass, along with numerous guests including Gary Wright from Spooky Tooth, Maggie Bell from Stone the Crows and Gilli Smyth & Christian Tritsch from Gong. Guest drummer Pip Pyle would go on to join Gong soon after this recording. Some of the musicians on the album would subsequently contribute to Kevin Ayers' 1973 album Bananamour.
The song "Memories", sung by Wyatt, was initially demoed in 1967 by Soft Machine (with Allen on guitar) and later covered by Material on their 1982 album One Down, with a lead vocal by a young Whitney Houston. "Stoned Innocent Frankenstein" was re-recorded in 1977 by Allen in collaboration with Here and Now as Planet Gong on their Floating Anarchy Live 1977 album.
The original French release featured Didier Léon's painting on both the front and back of the gatefold cover, with notes and drawings by Daevid Allen on the inside surrounding a photo of the band. A BYG Actuel reissue, also from 1971, credits the album to Gong and has the band photo as the front cover. The first UK pressing, in 1975 on Virgin subsidiary Caroline Records, had an alternative cover drawn by Daevid Allen, featuring a peeled banana/moon playing a guitar.
An alternate version of the album, entitled Stoned Innocent Frankenstein, was released by GAS Records in 2014, containing "Unreleased mixes and versions. A 'Camembert Eclectique' job for Bananamoon. Stunning unreleased mixes and totally radical head-altering versions unheard for over 30 years. Robert Wyatt's drumming more obvious on a couple of the tracks is amazing. It does make you wonder whether the correct 'final' mix was sent to the pressing plant - no they wouldn't have got that wrong, would they? With an annotated and illustrated booklet."
In 2003, David Bowie included it in a list of 25 of their favourite albums, "Confessions of a Vinyl Junkie", saying that "it's possible, just possibly maybe, that strands of the embryonic glam style started here."
Track listing
Side 1
"It's the Time of Your Life" (Christian Tritsch) – 3:21
"Memories" (Hugh Hopper) – 3:37
"All I Want is Out of Here" (Tritsch) – 4:48
"Fred the Fish and the Chip On Their Shoulder" (Daevid Allen) – 2:27
"White Neck Blooze" (Allen) – 4:38
"Codein Coda" (Allen) – 0:58
Side 2
"Stoned Innocent Frankenstein" (Allen) – 3:28
"And Their Adventures in the Land of Flip" (Allen, Legget, Wyatt, Fields) – 11:44
"I Am a Bowl" (Allen) – 2:46
Personnel
Daevid Allen – guitar and vocals
Archie Legget – bass
Robert Wyatt – drums, backing vocals; vocals and guitar ("Memories")
with
Christian Tritsch – guitar and bass ("It's the Time of Your Life")
Pip Pyle – drums ("It's the Time of Your Life")
Gary Wright – piano ("Memories", "White Neck Blooze")
Gerry Fields – violin ("Fred the Fish", "Adventures in The Land of Flip")
Barry St. John, Maggie Bell – backing vocals ("White Neck Blooze")
Gilli Smyth – space whisper ("Adventures in The Land of Flip")
Nick Evans – trombone ("I Am a Bowl")
Production
Recorded: January & February 1971 at Marquee Studios, London
Engineer: Phil Dunne
Produced by: Jean Georgakarakos, Jean-Luc Young
Executive Producer: Pierre Lattès
Release history
1971: BYG Actuel – 45 (529 345) – France – Gatefold cover with Didier Léon painting.
1971: BYG Actuel – 529 345 – France – Single sleeve cover with band photograph in green. Credited to Gong.
1975: Caroline (Virgin) – C1512 – UK – Banana Moon cover drawn by Daevid Allen.
1979: Charly Records – CR 30165 – UK
1990: Decal – CD LIK 63 – CD – Europe
1995: Spalax Music – CD 14945 – CD Digipak – France
1999: Get Back – GET 557 – Vinyl – Italy
2008: Charly – SNAP238CD – CD - UK
References
External links
Daevid Allen albums
1971 albums
BYG Actuel albums
Caroline Records albums
Gong (band) albums
Charly Records albums
The 1922 Turin massacre refers to the attack by Italian Fascists against members of a local labour movement in Turin in Italy. Over three days starting on 18 December and ending on 20 December 1922, at least 11 workers (and perhaps as many as 24) were killed in a terror campaign from 18 to 20 December 1922, to break the resistance to Fascism by the labour movement and working class .
Background
After the March on Rome and the appointment of Benito Mussolini as Prime Minister on 29 October 1922 the Turin labour movement kept on offering resistance to Fascism. The residual working class opposition was shown by the ongoing clandestine production and distribution of the Turin-based Communist newspaper L'Ordine Nuovo, headed by Antonio Gramsci, as well as political, factory and paramilitary organization, including popular uprisings against Fascist encroachment on working-class neighbourhoods and an important factory election victory.
Another important factor was the rivalry between the paramilitary and political leadership of the local Turin fascio. Once in government Mussolini sought to contain the violent excesses of local led by Cesare Maria De Vecchi. The Turin's Fascists became increasingly angered by Mussolini's tendency to collude with local economic and political elites and police chiefs in marginalizing the leader of Turinese and Piedmontese , De Vecchi and their right-hand man Piero Brandimarte. Fascism's increasingly prominent political position at the national level required stricter discipline from Fascists to prevent disaffection of its more liberal and squeamish backers.
The massacre
The initial pretext for the large-scale offensive against the labour movement in Turin was the killing of two Fascists, Giuseppe Dresda and Lucio Bazzani, in the Barriera di Nizza, by the Communist militant and tram worker Francesco Prato, on the night of 17–18 December 1922.
In revenge Fascists raided and burned down the Camera del lavoro, the trade union headquarters, and attacked on two clubs of the Italian Socialist Party. This was followed by the destruction of the Turin-based Communist newspaper L'Ordine Nuovo. A number of the editors were taken to the central park in Turin and were threatened to be executed by Fascist squads.
The fascists rounded up communists and trade unionists in the city and executed a number of them in gruesome manners with one victim, Pietro Ferrero, being tied and dragged behind a truck until they died and another victim being bludgeoned to death. Officially, eleven people were killed and ten were seriously wounded by the Fascists. However, in 1924, Brandimarte declared to the Il Popolo di Roma newspaper that they had chosen 24 "subversives" from their lists and "entrusted them to our best squads to do justice. And justice was done. The dead were 22, because two escaped shooting."<ref name=rep131212> 1922 Torino: la prima strage nera, La Repubblica, 13 December 2012</ref>
Aftermath
Brandimarte was arrested in May 1945 after the fall of the Fascist regime. They were indicted for the murders in Turin, but the case was transferred to Florence. Five years later they were sentenced to 26 years and three months in jail, although they denied having organized the massacre. However, in April 1952, the Bologna Court of Appeals absolved them because of insufficient evidence.
In 1946 a plaque with the names of the 11 victims was on the Piazza 18 dicembre 1922.
References
Lajolo, Davide (1983). An Absurd Vice: A Biography of Cesare Pavese, New York (NY): New Directions Publishing,
Sonnessa, Antonio (2005). "The 1922 Turin Massacre (Strage di Torino): Working class resistance and conflicts within fascism", Modern Italy'', Volume 10, Issue 2, November 2005, pp. 187–205.
Italian Fascism
1920s in Turin
Conflicts in 1922
Turin massacre
Turin massacre
Anti-communist terrorism
Political repression in Italy
Turin 1922
1922 murders in Italy
Lisowice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Lisowice, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lisowice, Środa Śląska County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lisowice, Łódź East County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Lisowice, Pajęczno County in Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Lisowice, Silesian Voivodeship (south Poland)
Umiastów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów Mazowiecki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
A base metal is a common and inexpensive metal, as opposed to a precious metal such as gold or silver. In numismatics, coins often derived their value from the precious metal content; however, base metals have also been used in coins in the past and today.
Specific definitions
In contrast to noble metals, base metals may be distinguished by oxidizing or corroding relatively easily and reacting variably with diluted hydrochloric acid (HCl) to form hydrogen. Examples include iron, nickel, lead and zinc. Copper is also considered a base metal because it oxidizes relatively easily, although it does not react with HCl.
In mining and economics, the term base metals refer to industrial non-ferrous metals excluding precious metals. These include copper, lead, nickel and zinc.
The U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency is more inclusive in its definition of commercial base metals. Its list includes—in addition to copper, lead, nickel, and zinc—the following metals: iron and steel, aluminium, tin, tungsten, molybdenum, tantalum, cobalt, bismuth, cadmium, titanium, zirconium, antimony, manganese, beryllium, chromium, germanium, vanadium, gallium, hafnium, indium, niobium, rhenium, and thallium, and their alloys.
Other uses
In the context of plated metal products, the base metal underlies the plating metal, as copper underlies silver in Sheffield plate.
See also
London Metal Exchange
Philosopher's stone
Pot metal
Reactivity series
References
External links
Non-ferrous metal price charts
Currency production
Metals
Sixtus "Baggio" Leung Chung-hang (; born 7 August 1986) is a Hong Kong activist and politician.  They are the convenor of Youngspiration, a localist political group in Hong Kong that leans towards Hong Kong independence, and is also leader and spokesperson of the pro-independence Hong Kong National Front. They were elected to the Legislative Council of Hong Kong as a member for New Territories East in the 2016 Hong Kong Legislative Council election. Triggered by their actions to make an independence political statement during the oath-taking ceremony, they faced a legal challenge from the government and was later stripped of their office by the court on 15 November 2016.
Background
Leung graduated from the City University of Hong Kong and was the president of the City University of Hong Kong Students' Union in 2007. It was reported that they supported the government's appointment of Way Kuo to be the president of the City University of Hong Kong and developed a close relationship with the Chinese Liaison Office in Hong Kong. Leung later admitted that they have met but they did not agree with their stance. They became a digital marketer after their graduation.
In January 2015, Leung established Youngspiration with a group of like-minded people who participated in the 2014 Occupy protests, often dubbed the "Umbrella Movement". It stands on a localist platform, against the influx of Chinese immigrants and tourists. In the 2015 District Council election, Youngspiration fielded nine candidates, in which Leung themselves stood in Kwun Lung against pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (DAB) Yeung Hoi-wing who succeeded veteran Ip Kwok-him. Leung lost the election by a margin of about 900 votes. Only one of the nine Youngspiration candidates was elected.
Legislative Councillor and disqualification
In the 2016 Legislative Council election, Youngspiration formed an electoral alliance under the name of "ALLinHK" with other newly founded Umbrella groups. Leung planned to stand in the Hong Kong Island constituency but later stood in New Territories West. They withdrew their nomination at the last moment and led their own ticket in New Territories East as a backup plan right before Hong Kong Indigenous' Edward Leung was disqualified by the Electoral Affairs Commission (EAC) for their pro-independence stance. Baggio Leung was elected, receiving 37,997 votes.
On 12 October 2016 in the first meeting of the session, Leung and their party colleague Yau Wai-ching inserted their own words into the official script and had their oaths rejected. They were criticised for pronouncing China as "Jee-na", a term considered derogatory since the Second Sino-Japanese War, and Yau was mispronouncing "People's Republic of China" as "people's re-fucking of Jee-na". As a result, their qualification as legislators was challenged by the government in court. The National People's Congress Standing Committee (NPCSC) intervened in the court case by interpreting Article 104 of the Basic Law of Hong Kong to "clarify" the provision of the legislators to swear allegiance to Hong Kong as part of China when they take office, by insisting oath taking be conducted sincerely and accurately, and later stating that China would firmly oppose Hong Kong independence. On 15 November 2016, the court vacated the two legislators' seats on the grounds they did not take their oaths "faithfully and truthfully".
On 26 August 2017, the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong refused to appeal the case as they did not have a reasonably arguable case. Leung and Yau were found to have manifestly refused and wilfully omitted to take their oath – an act classed as declining and neglecting it.
In May 2020, Leung faced a court ruling where the Legislative Council Commission demanded a repayment of HK$930,000 (US$120,000). The commission claimed they mistakenly received the funds and salary intended for lawmakers. A bankruptcy order was asked to be petitioned against him. Speaking about the legal proceedings, Leung remarked on their preparedness and that "being declared bankrupt was minor compared to being jailed for life under Beijing's new national security law for Hong Kong."
Exile
On 11 December 2020, a group of exiled Hong Kong citizens reported that Leung had left the city and fled to the United States on 30 November and that they were seeking asylum. Leung later confirmed this from Washington, D.C. and said they hoped to meet with advisers to President-elect Joe Biden to discuss sanctions on China over its "treatment of Hong Kong".
Notes
References
1986 births
Alumni of the City University of Hong Kong
Hong Kong localists
Living people
Youngspiration politicians
Members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
HK LegCo Members 2016–2021
People expelled from public office
Fugitives wanted under the Hong Kong national security law
Political refugees in the United States
Manichaean manuscript fragment number " 4979" is a collection Fragments of Manichaean illuminated manuscript in Germany Berlin Asian Art Museum, painted during the 8th-9th centuries, and were found in the early 20th century. German Turpan expedition team found in Xinjiang Gaochang site. The broken page is 12.4 cm long and 25.2 cm wide, with slender painting illustrations drawn on both sides, written in Sogdian in Manuscript, Turkic and Middle Persian text.
Description
Front
The front illustration of the broken page depicts a Manichae church ritual. A senior priest in a white robe sits above the middle. Their head has been completely damaged. It can be seen that they wear a red holy band around their neck and hangs from their shoulders. A circle of arms. They were sitting on a carpet decorated with red diamond-shaped patterns, with a white pillow behind it, and white ribbons draped on the pillow. The priest raised their left hand as a blessing, and their right hand held the hand of a soldier in armor. The man dressed as a soldier was kneeling to receive the blessing of the priest. They were probably a prince or a king, or even portrayed the Uighur King himself, with three attendants behind him. To the right of the priest (from the perspective of the viewer, the same below) sits four people kneeling side by side. The first three are elected in white robes, and the last one is a layperson in red robes and green cloak, who should be a hearer.
The scene at the bottom of the screen is very eye-catching. On the right are four gods kneeling in a row. Judging from the characteristics of the image, they should be the Hindu gods depicted: the first Ganesha from the left is undoubtedly the god of wisdom, Ganesha. The second deity with the head of the wild boar should be Raha, one of the ten incarnations of Vishnu, the third is probably Brahma, and the last is Shiva. On the left are two Iranian-Manichean gods sitting facing each other with the four Indian gods on the right. The remaining red headlights can be seen below the two Manichae gods, and the remaining floral ornaments and duck motifs can be seen below the four Indian gods. According to the research of the German religious scientist Hans-Joyakin Klimkaite, the purpose of depicting the four Hindu gods is to express the doctrine of the supreme deity of Manichaeism, the "four-fold majestic deity". The use of Hindu gods is Because it is influenced by the culture of its place-the eastern part of Central Asia.
Back
The illustration on the back of the broken page depicts the Manichae religion's annual Puma festival to commemorate the martyrdom of the leader Mani. This festival is the most solemn festival of Manichaeism in the year. The believers recite hymns and prayers to commemorate Manichaeism. Since Mani was martyred in March 276 AD, this celebration is likely to be held every spring. There is a platform at the top of the screen, which may mean a "throne," covered with gorgeous and delicate tapestries. On the left side of the "throne," there is a Manichae monk wearing a white robe and a golden holy band. Their beard and hair are all white. They raised their left hand and held a cup in their right hand. Their face and head were completely damaged. On the ground at the bottom of the screen, there is a blue carpet on the ground, and a bright red and gold table is placed on top of which is covered with sun and moon-shaped white pastries; in front of the table is a three-foot gold plate with crystal clear fruits— -Grapes, watermelons, and blanched melons, these are the favorite foods of the Manichaeans; on the left side of the case, there are two kneeling voters wearing white robes, one of whom holds a red-rimmed and gold-encrusted classic.
The background of the entire painting depicts four rows of kneeling Manichae believers, arranged in a hierarchical order. Manichaeism has a strict teaching hierarchy system, divided into five levels from top to bottom: mage (), bishop (), elder (), voters (), listeners (). Judging by this, the first three rows are all voters wearing white crowns and white robes, and the white robes of voters in the second row have their names written in Mani letters; the remaining portraits in the fourth row are smaller in size, Wearing a black crown should be a listener in celebration costumes.
See also
Fragment of Manichae Manuscript
Sgd Manichean Letters
References
Manichaean art
Manichaean art of East Central Asia
Chinese manuscripts
Illuminated manuscripts
Thomas Hinderwell (1744–1825) was a British, eighteenth-century historian.  They are probably best remembered for their History of Scarborough, which was first published in York in 1798. Fellow antiquarian John Bigland described it as "one of the most accurate and interesting works relating to this or any other part of England".
After their death, their collection of books, manuscripts, pictures, and fossils formed the basis of Scarborough's Rotunda Museum, one of the oldest purpose-built museums still in use in the United Kingdom.
To celebrate their achievements, a memorial drinking fountain was erected in Scarborough in their memory. A stone plaque bearing the dedication to them was placed opposite, but has since been replaced with a plaque under the blue plaque scheme. There is a second memorial to them in the Rotunda.
They were a friend and associate of William Wilberforce.
References
External links
s:Hinderwell, Thomas (DNB00)
1744 births
1825 deaths
British historians
People from Scarborough, North Yorkshire
Ebenezer Cooke (1837 - 1913) was an art master and pioneer in art education.
An apprenticed lithographic draughtsman, they were introduced by their brother Mordecai to the lectures of Frederick Denison Maurice at the Hall of Association, 34 Castle Street East, London, in 1853 and the summer of 1854. When the Working Men's College was formed in 1854, they attended John Ruskin's first drawing classes. After an unsuccessful partnership with John Fotheringham, also a student at the college, they gave up their trade and then took to teaching through the influence of Ruskin. They succeeded Ruskin as a drawing master at the college, and taught at other London establishments.
During the 1850s and 1860s Cooke was influenced by Herbert Spencer, and became a student of Pestalozzi, developing an enthusiasm for the Pestalozzian and Froebellian methods in which they became an influential interpreter. With Thomas Ablett, Alexander Bain, and psychologist James Sully, they furthered art education thinking; Sully and Cooke were a particular influence on each other.
They served on the Council of the Education Society (founded 1875) which later became the Society for the Development of the Science of Education. In 1885 Cooke published an analysis of children's drawings that became a great influence on teachers and researchers, and in 1894 published an English edition of Pestalozzi's How Gertrude Teaches Them Children. In 1904 they sat on the Committee of the Third International Congress for the Development of Drawing and Art Teaching.
Vanessa Bell began their art education under the tutelage of Cooke.
Cooke was a younger brother of the botanist and mycologist Mordecai Cubitt Cooke (1825 - 1914) and helped illustrate a number of their publications.
References
English philosophers
1853 births
1904 deaths
British reformers
19th-century English educators
19th-century British philosophers
Leleni is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Logouana in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
John, Hermit of Pskov (died 1616) lived in a period of terrible suffering and war between the Russian, Polish, and Swedish governments at the turn of the 16th to 17th centuries.
 They are credited with the gift of powerful intercession with God under the care of the saints and Mother of God of the Pskov Caves.
St John... "lived within the city walls for 23 years; their fish was rancid and they did not eat bread. They lived within the city as though in a wilderness, in great silence," and they died on October 24, 1616.
John the Hermit of Pskov is commemorated on 24 October in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
See also
Christian monasticism
Poustinia
Jan Tyranowski, lay hermit of Poland
References
Orthodox Church in America
Year of birth missing
1616 deaths
Russian hermits
Russian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Russian Orthodox monks
17th-century Christian saints
17th-century Russian people
People from Pskov
17th-century Christian monks
Tsardom of Russia people
Graphic design careers include creative director, art director, art production manager, brand identity developer, illustrator and layout artist.
Graphic art managers
The following are positions or responsibilities and usually titles, held by experienced graphic designers in related management roles:
Creative Director
A creative director's range of experience can be broad and encompass a number of disciplines; visual design; copywriting, art direction, advertising account director, film/video director . A Creative Director's job is to initiate the creative concept of a project and drive the direction of the project. The role of a Creative Director is to formulate creative concepts, whether it is an advertising campaign, brand identity, TV commercial, marketing campaign. A Creative Director was often referred to the 'Ideas Guy' and works with a team of 'creatives' - art director, graphic designer, copywriter, film director to produce the concept and final production.
Art director
Art directors make sure that illustrators and production artists produce and complete their work on time and to the creative director or client's satisfaction. Art directors also play a major role in the development of a project by making decisions on the visual elements of the project, and by giving the final say on the selection of models, art, props, colors, and other elements. Art directors need advanced training in graphic design as they often do artwork and designing themselves. However, an art director's time may be consumed doing supervisory and administrative work .
Art production manager
Art production managers or traffic managers oversee the production aspect of art to improve efficiency and cost effectiveness. Art production managers supervise artists or advise the supervisors of artists. Creative directors and art directors often assume the role of art production managers, especially when production cost is not a critical enough concern to designate a manager for the specific role.
Hands-on graphic designer
The following are positions or responsibilities, not necessarily titles, held by art directors and graphic designers:
Brand identity developer
Brand identity design is concerned with the visual aspects of a company or organization's brand or identity. A brand identity design is the visual element that represents how a company wants to be seen; it is the company's visual identity, and is how a company illustrates its ‘image.' A company's brand identity can be represented in terms of design through a unique logo, or signage, and is then often integrated throughout all the elements of a company's materials such as business cards, stationery, packaging, media advertising, promotions, and more. Brand identity may include logo design. Brand identity development is usually a collaborative effort between creative directors, art directors, copywriters, account managers and the client.
Broadcast designers
A broadcast designer is a person involved with creating graphic designs and electronic media incorporated in television productions that are used by character generator (CG) operators. A broadcast designer may have a degree in digital media (or a similar degree), or is self-taught in the software needed to create such content.
Logo designer
The job of a logo designer is to provide a new and innovative way to express the key points of a company through an image. Logo designers take the information given to them by the client and work, using their own creativity along with marketing strategy to find an appropriate image that their client can use to represent what they are trying to encourage, sell, or what they are. It is not likely that a company will specialize in logo design or have a position for a designated logo designer. Art directors and graphic designers usually perform logo designs.
Marketing designer
A marketing designer creates illustrations and digital images. They or they also develop presentations for companies and businesses to market and promote their goods and services to the public.
Illustrator
Illustrators conceptualize and create illustrations that represent an idea or a story through two-dimensional or three-dimensional images. Illustrators may do drawings for printed materials such as books, magazines, and other publications, or for commercial products such as textiles, packaging, wrapping paper, greeting cards, calendars, stationery, and more.
Illustrators use many different media, from pencil and paint to digital formatting, to prepare and create their illustrations. An illustrator consults with clients in order to determine what illustrations will best meet the story they are trying to tell, or what message they are trying to communicate.
Illustrating may be a secondary skill requirement of graphic design or a specialty skill of a freelance artist, usually known for a unique style of illustrating. Illustration may be published separately as in fine art. However, illustrations are usually inserted into page layouts for communication design in the context of graphic design professions.
Visual image developer
Similar to illustration are other methods of developing images such as photography, 3D modeling, and image editing. Creative professionals in these positions are not usually called illustrators, but are utilized the same way. Photographers are likely to freelance. 3D modelers are likely to be employed for long-term projects. Image editing is usually a secondary skill to either of the above, but may also be a specialty to aid web development, software development, or multimedia development in a job title known as multimedia specialist. Although these skills may require technical knowledge, graphic design skills may be applied as well.
Multimedia developer
Multimedia developers may come from a graphic design or illustration background and apply those talents to motion, sound, or interactivity. Motion designers are graphic designers for motion. Animators are illustrators for motion. Videographers are photographers for motion. Multimedia developers may also image edit, sound edit, program, or compose multimedia just as multimedia specialists.
Content developer
Content developers include illustrators, visual image developers, and multimedia developers in software and web development. Content development includes non-graphical content as well.
Visual journalist
Visual journalists, also known as Infographic Artists create information graphics or Infographics; visual representations of information, data or knowledge. These graphics are used anywhere where information needs to be explained quickly or simply, such as in signs, maps, journalism, technical writing, and education. They are also used extensively as tools by computer scientists, mathematicians, and statisticians to ease the process of developing and communicating conceptual information. They are applied in all aspects of scientific visualization.
Layout artist
A layout artist deals with the structure and layout of images and text in a pleasing format. This can include magazine work, brochures, flyers, books, CD booklets, posters, and similar formats. For magazines and similar productions, color, typeface, text formatting, graphic layout and more must be considered. Page layouts are usually done by art directors, graphic designers, artworkers, production artists or a combination of those positions.
Entry level layout work is often known as paste up art. Entry level layout graphic designers are often known as production artists. In an in-house art department, layout artists are sometimes known as DTP artists or DTP associates.
Interface designer
Interface designers are graphical user interface (GUI) layout artists. They are employed by multimedia, software, and web development companies. Because graphical control elements are interactive, interface design often overlaps interaction design. Because interfaces are not usually composed as single computer files, interface design may require technical understanding, including graphical integration with code. Because interfaces may require hundreds of assets, knowledge of how to automate graphic production may be required. An interface designer may hold the job title of web designer in a web development company.
Web designer
A web designer's work could be viewed by thousands of people every day. Web designers create the pages, layout, and graphics for web pages, and play a key role in the development of a website. Web designers have the task of creating the look and feel of a website by choosing the style, and by designing attractive graphics, images, and other visual elements, and adapting them for the website's pages. Web designers also design and develop the navigation tools of a site. Web designers may make decisions regarding what content is included on a web page, where things are placed, and how the aesthetic and continuity is maintained from one screen to the next. All of this involves skill and training in computer graphics, graphic design, and in the latest in computer and web technology.
Depending on the scope of the project, web design may involve collaboration between software engineers and graphic designers. The graphic design of a website may be as simple as a page layout sketch or handling just the graphics in an HTML editor, while the advance coding is done separately by programmers. In other cases, graphic designers may be challenged to become both graphic designer and programmer in the process of web design in positions often known as web masters.
Package designer
A package designer or packaging technician may utilize technical skills aside from graphic design. Knowledge of cuts, crease, folding, nature and behavior of the packaging material such as paper, corrugated sheet, synthetic or other type of materials may also be required. A customer may see the top/outside of a package at first, but may also be drawn to other package design features. A packaging design may require three-dimensional space layout skills in addition to visual communication to consider how well a design works at multiple angles. CAD software applications specifically for packaging design may be utilized
See also
Advertising agency
Graphic design
Graphic arts
References
The Universal Arts of Graphic Design – Documentary produced by Off Book
Graphic Designers, entry in the Occupational Outlook Handbook of the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor
Communication design
Visual arts occupations
Graphic design
he:מקצועות בתחום העיצוב הגרפי
Kaputa District is a district of Zambia, located in Northern Province. The capital lies at Kaputa. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 87,233 people.
History
In March 2020, the district experienced severe flooding at Mofwe crossing point on the Mporokoso to Mununga road.
Infrastructure
Education
In May 2017, Kaputa Boarding Secondary School built for an estimated ZMW 44 million (US$ 4.6 million) was opened to cater for 392 pupils.
Utilities
In April 2022, the Kaputa Water and Sanitation Project built for ZMW 161 million (US$ 9.5 million) by Tomorrow Investments Limited was commissioned by the Country's Vice President Mutale Nalumango for improved access to clean and safe water supply for the residents in the district.
Economy
Agriculture
In 2020, farmers in Kaputa cultivated 2,362 hectares of rice with a yield of 2,347 metric tonnes. The Ministry of Agriculture in Kaputa has estimated that over 2,800 hectares of rice has been cultivated for the 2020 farming season.
References
Districts of Northern Province, Zambia
Abdul Razzaq Abdul Jalel al-Issa (Arabic:عبد الرزاق العيسى) (born 1949) is an Iraqi politician who served in different cabinet posts.  They are currently Iraq's Minister of Higher Education.
Early life and education
al-Issa was born in 1949 in Najaf, Iraq. They studied chemistry at the University of Basra in 1971 and received their doctorate from University of Liverpool in 1979. They served as president of the University of Kufa from 2006 until 2011 and in 2015 became a consultant to the Minister of Higher Education "Hussain al-Shahristani". In April 2016, Minister Haider al-Abadi to the government of technocrats to assume the post of Ministry of Higher Education and in August 2016 was approved in the Iraqi parliament to take office.
References
External links
Official Site (Abdul Razzaq al-Issa)(EN)
Official site (Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research)
1949 births
Living people
Iraqi Shia Muslims
Iraqi chemists
Members of the Council of Representatives of Iraq
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
University of Basrah alumni
University of Basrah faculty
Finance ministers of Iraq
"Sa Ugoy ng Duyan" (literally in Tagalog: "In the Rocking of the Cradle"; official English title: "The Sway of the Baby Hammock") is a Filipino lullaby. The music was composed by Lucio San Pedro while the lyrics was written by Levi Celerio. Both of them were National Artists of the Philippines and this song was their most popular collaboration. Due to its popularity in the Philippines, it has been regarded by an entertainment writer in Philippine Entertainment Portal as familiar as the Philippine national anthem. It has been interpreted and recorded by various Filipino artists.
Composition
Lucio San Pedro composed the music of "Ugoy ng Duyan"; it was derived from the fourth piece of their own Suite pastorale in the 1940s. San Pedro drew inspiration in composing the music of the song from the melody their mother, Soledad Diestro, hummed when they and their siblings' were put into sleep during their childhood. The song was supposed to be an entry to a competition in 1945, during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines. However, because they could not find a collaborator to write the lyrics, they were unable to submit it.
In 1947, San Pedro studied at Juilliard School of Music in New York City. They went aboard a ship, the SS Gordon, in 1948 to return to the Philippines. While on a stopover in the Hawaiian city of Honolulu, they met Levi Celerio, who became San Pedro's lyricist for their composition and wrote the words of "Ugoy ng Duyan" during the rest of their trip. The song was completed by the time they landed in Manila. Both San Pedro and Celerio were later named National Artists of the Philippines; they died in 2002, only two days apart of each other.
Lyrics
The lyrics are written in the first-person point of view. It comprises two stanzas, with four lines each. In the first stanza, the singer wishes that their childhood and their memories of their mother will never fade. They also want to hear their mother's song again, which they view to be a song of love. In the second, they describe their sleep to be peaceful while stars watch and guard them. For them, their life becomes like heaven whenever their mother sings them their lullaby. Finally, they reveal the reason for their longing: They are enduring some hardship, which is why they crave their mother's lullaby. In the final line, the singer addresses their mother, wishing that they could sleep again in their old cradle.
Renditions
The song was originally intended to be an artsong, and as a result some of its first interpreters were the baritone Aurelio Estanislao and soprano Evelyn Mandac. Since then, it has been interpreted and recorded by various singers and singing groups, including Pilita Corrales (who frequently performs the works of Celerio) with Jackie Lou Blanco, Kuh Ledesma, Lea Salonga, Aiza Seguerra and Regine Velasquez. The song is also part of soundtrack of the 2001 Filipino film Abakada... Ina and it was performed by the Filipino band Jeremiah. It was also performed by Christian Bautista during the funeral of former president Corazon Aquino in 2009. In 2017, Corrales and Blanco together with Corrales' son, Ramon Christopher Gutierrez, sang the song at a concert entitled An Evening with Pilita.
References
1948 songs
Lullabies
Tagalog-language songs
Songs with lyrics by Levi Celerio
The men's 100 metre backstroke competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on 21 August at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre, Queensland, Australia. The last champion was Aaron Peirsol of US.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, all in backstroke.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on 21 August, at 11:04.
B Final
The B final was held on 21 August, at 20:20.
A Final
The final was held on 21 August, at 20:20.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Matthias W. Birkwald (born 28 September 1961) is a German politician (The Left). Since October 2009 they have been a member of the German Bundestag.
Education and early career
Matthias W. Birkwald was born in Münster. They graduated from the Municipal High School in Erftstadt-Lechenich in 1981 and studied Political Science, Sociology, Philosophy and Political Economy in Cologne, Bonn and Bremen. They achieved a degree in 1990 as a graduate social scientist. Especially after their studies, Birkwald was involved in state and federal politics, was a member of the Young Democrats / Young Left NRW, the PDS and the WASG. They ran several times for a seat in the state parliament of NRW and in the Bundestag. From 2003 to 2005, Matthias Birkwald was a personal assistant to the Berlin Senator for social affairs, health and consumer protection, Heidi Knake-Werner, responsible for social affairs and migration. From 2005 to 2009, they served as bureau chief for Lothar Bisky in the German Bundestag.
Political career
From 1980 to 1996 Birkwald was a member of Young Democrats, who were until the turn of 1982 the youth association of the FDP. In 1986 they joined the IG Metall trade union. From 1988 to 1990, Matthias Birkwald was a member of the renewal movement of the German Communist Party in Cologne and in the Rhineland district. From 1990 to 1994 they served as full-time youth education officer and honorary state manager of the Young Democrats / Young Left NRW.
Since the end of 1993, they have been a member of the Democratic Socialist Party (PDS), a member of the WASG since 2005, and since the party's rebuilding, they are now a member of The Left Party. In the PDS, they held several delegate mandates and 1994 campaign director of the North Rhine-Westphalian State Association. From 1994 to 2002 they were a research assistant to the PDS parliamentary group.
Birkwald was the first direct candidate in the federal election in 1994 in Cologne's southwest. In 2000, they joined the PDS as a direct candidate for the NRW state election in Cologne and on the state list. In the federal elections in 2002, 2005, 2009 and 2013 and in the state election in North Rhine-Westphalia in 2005, they were again direct candidate of the PDS and the Left respectively in the constituency of Cologne II and the district constituency Cologne I.
At the merger convention of the party Die Linke in June 2007, Matthias Birkwald participated as a delegate of the Federal Working Group on Citizens' Rights and Democracy. Within the Left, Birkwald has joined the Socialist Left. They acted in the working group "For a modern repression-free, needs-covering social minimum income security" and is committed to a "solidary minimum pension", whose central foundations they developed.
In the federal election on 27 September 2009, Matthias Birkwald moved to the state list of North Rhine-Westphalia in the German Bundestag. They became a full member and chairperson of the Left in the Committee on Labor and Social Affairs and pension policy spokesperson of their group.
Also in 2013 and 2017 they were re-elected. Since November 2014 they have been the parliamentary director of the parliamentary group of the Left in the German Bundestag.
Works
with Christoph Butterwegge & Gerd Bosbach (ed.): Armut im Alter. Probleme und Perspektiven der sozialen Sicherung (Poverty in old age. Problems and perspectives of social protection). Campus-Verlag, Frankfurt / New York 2012,
References
External links
Profile of the parliamentary group of the Left in the Bundestag
Matthias Birkwald at abgeordnetenwatch.de
1961 births
Living people
People from Münster
German Communist Party politicians
Party of Democratic Socialism (Germany) politicians
Members of the Bundestag for North Rhine-Westphalia
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag for The Left
This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1994.
First line series
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:00 to 10:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:15 to 10:45 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Other series
Warehoused series
These dramas were released overseas and have not broadcast on TVB Jade Channel.
References
External links
TVB.com Official Website
TVB Portal.com 1994 TVB Sales Presentation
TVB dramas
1994 in Hong Kong television
Colonel Dresden Winfield Huston (D.W.H.) Howard (1817 – 1897) was an American, Ohio statesman, who lived in Winameg, Fulton County, Ohio.
Life and work
Howard was born 3 November 1817 in Dresden Yates Co., New York. Their family moved to Fort Meigs when they were three years old.
They served as a negotiator between the government and the Odawa Native American tribe in northwest Ohio. They were a frequent advocate on behalf of the Odawa. Howard named the first Fulton County seat, Ottokee, Ohio, after a local Odawa chief of the same name. They also served as the first president of the Fulton County Historical Society.
They aided in the Underground Railroad, helping slaves reach freedom in Ohio. They also served as a Senator in Ohio.
Death
They died of cancer on 9 November 1897 in Winnameg. They were laid to rest near their home in Winameg, and near the tomb of the Odawa Chief Winameg. Their tomb was of their own making. A historical plaque located in Winameg, memorializing Dresden, reads as follows:
Council Oak
From around 1692 to 1992, a White Oak (Querus alba), that became known as the Council Oak, grew on this spot. At full maturity it stood 75 feet high and measured 5 feet in diameter. From 1800 to 1840 many important meetings concerning the Potawatamie took place under its branches.
Two of the best-known people to meet under this tree were Chief Winameg and a young American named Dresden Howard who lived on this farm. Because of their knowledge of the Potawatamie language and customs, Dresden, who was later known as a "Colonel" Howard, represented the U.S. government in negotiations with the Potawatamie.
The diseased tree was cut down on May 27, 1992. A section of the tree was carved into a life-sized depiction of Dresden Howard and Chief Winameg and is displayed at the Sauder Village in nearby Archbold, Ohio.
Both Chief Winameg and Dresden Howard are buried on this property.
Dresden Howard is remembered in the Fulton County community with life-size depiction of them that is that displayed at Sauder Village in Archbold, Ohio.
References
1817 births
1897 deaths
Native American activists
Underground Railroad people
People from Fulton County, Ohio
Zoran "Riko" Nišavić (born 27 March 1991) is a Montenegrin former professional basketball player.
Professional career
A point guard, Nišavić played for Jugotes Bijelo Polje, Zdravlje, Ironi Kiryat Ata, Radnički Beograd, Crvena zvezda, ZTE, and Albacomp. They retired as a player with Albacomp in August 2006.
References
External links
Zoran Nisavic at eurobasket.com
Zoran Nisavic at proballers.com
1968 births
Living people
Alba Fehérvár players
BKK Radnički players
Ironi Kiryat Ata players
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK Zdravlje players
Montenegrin expatriate basketball people in Hungary
Montenegrin expatriate basketball people in Serbia
Montenegrin men's basketball players
People from Berane
Yugoslav men's basketball players
ZTE KK players
Julissa (born Julia Isabel de Llano Macedo; 8 April 1944 in Mexico City, D.F., Mexico) is a Mexican actor, producer and singer.  They are the daughter of radio and television personality Luis de Llano Palmer and actor Rita Macedo. Them children are: Benny Ibarra (a singer, musician, producer and actor) and Alejandro Ibarra (actor and singer); and their brother is a Televisa staff producer, Luis de Llano Macedo. They belong to the so-called Golden Age of Mexican cinema.
Early life and career
Music
At age 14, Julissa began a singing career in a rock group called The Spitfires; it was formed by their brother, Luis. They won 2nd place in a radio competition before they were signed to a contract by CBS and they recorded rock albums from 1961 to 1964. They recorded a single, Corazón Salvaje / Te Necesito, released on Capitol Records in 1966. Julissa gave a new air to the original song "Teacher's Pet" by Doris Day, by reinterpreting it in the song "La favorita del profesor" ("The Teacher's Favorite").
Theatre
They started to act and then started a career where they are a leading theatre producer in Mexico bringing into the country well-known Broadway productions such as Jesus Christ Superstar, Grease, Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Pippin.
They were a cast member of the 1975 Mexico production of The Rocky Horror Show; a young Aida Pierce was a chorus member.
Filmography
Films
Television
Awards
Music
Julissa was inducted into the Paseo de las Luminarias in 1987 for their work in movies, television, theater and the recording industry, joining their parents. Them handprints would soon be joined by those of their brother; all four members of the De Llano-Macedo family have been honored in the Paseo.
References
External links
Official Website
1944 births
Living people
Mexican telenovela actores
Mexican television actores
Mexican film actores
Mexican stage actores
Mexican women singers
Mexican telenovela producers
20th-century Mexican actores
21st-century Mexican actores
Actresses from Mexico City
Singers from Mexico City
People from Mexico City
Women television producers
Dance of Flags (Hebrew: ריקוד דגלים or ריקודגלים, Rikud Degalim), or Flags March ( Mitzad ha'Degalim), is an annual flag flying parade on Jerusalem Day (28 Iyar, Hebrew calendar) in Jerusalem and on a smaller scale every Rosh Chodesh (better known as Sivuv She'arim), from the afternoon until the evening, to celebrate what Israelis term the "reunification of Jerusalem", following the military occupation of East Jerusalem and the West Bank after the 1967 Six Day War (with Israel later only annexing the former).
The event is frequently marred by hate speech and violence and was one of the reasons for the 2021 Israel–Gaza escalation.
History
This parade began in 1968 with habit of Rabbi Zvi Yehuda Kook and their followers in Mercaz HaRav Yeshiva to march to the Western Wall through Jaffa Road, singing and dancing, at night after the end of the holiday rally at the Yeshiva Hall. In 1974, Yehuda Hazani, a yeshiva student, initiated the bringing of an orchestra and the joining of high school yeshivot to the event. It was later decided to move the event too daytime to allow more people to take part in the march. Today, the march is organized by the "Am Kalavi" (עם כלביא) association, and the procession is headed by Rabbi Haim Drukman. The event is funded by the association, the Jerusalem Municipality, the Ministry of Education and the Society for the Rehabilitation and Development of the Jewish Quarter. In 2018, the event cost about NIS 1 million.
During the parade, Israeli flag-bearers march through the city streets, accompanied by mobile orchestras on trucks playing Hassidic songs. At several points along the way, stationary stages are set up on which performances by artists take place. Although in the first years of the parade, various sectors of the Israeli society took part in it, today, most of the participants in the march and celebrations are members of Religious Zionism who journey to the city from all over Israel.
In most years, the parade began in the area of center of Jerusalem, from Independence Park or Sacher Park, then ascended east toward Jaffa Road, through Safra Square, to IDF Square. Mass dancing in collaboration with singers and public figures. In recent years there has been a separation and women march in front of men or vice versa. In the past, marchers used to enter the Old City through the Lions' Gate as well, but in the years 2010-2016, the police banned entry from this gate. In 2011, the police diverted the march route eastwards, and it passed from Sheikh Jarrah along the Municipal Road No. 1 (Bar Lev Boulevard), and as before, entered the Old City through some of its gates. In 2017, in honor of the 50th anniversary of the Reunification of Jerusalem, it was decided that the flag dance would also surround the Old City from the east and enter through the Dung Gate.
Hate speech and violence
The event, which passes through the city's Muslim Quarter, is frequently marred by Israeli nationalists chanting racist phrases and calls to violence, including "death to Arabs" and "may your villages burn." This feature of the parade dates back at least a decade, with marchers in 2011 also surrounding a mosque and frantically chanting "Muhammad is dead" and "They are only Arabs, they are only fleas".
In several marches over the years, there have been clashes between march participants and Arabs residents of East Jerusalem. The frictions involved physical and verbal violence on both sides. Some criticized the very existence of the event, especially from the left side of the Israeli political spectrum. In 2015 and 2016, the High Court rejected petitions filed by the Ir Amim organization and the Tag Meir organization, demanding that the procession be prevented from crossing the Muslim Quarter.
2021 interrupted march
In May 2021, the flag march was held in parallel with Eid al-Fitr. After the riots broke out in Jerusalem, the government blocked the entrance to the Old City that was part of the march event, and the government under direction from then Prime Minister Netanyahu decided to postpone the entire event, to show that all of Jerusalem is united, and that they would not celebrate its liberation only in part of it. The march continued, but was stopped after about two hours, when alarms were sounded throughout the city. The incident was dispersed by the police without any opposition from the celebrants, but a rally was held at the Western Wall in parallel with the riots throughout the Temple Mount. The organizers of the parade planned a few days after the end of the escalation to complete the parade, which did not take place in its entirety. The march was scheduled for June 15, 2021, and was also approved by the new government, despite Hamas threats of military escalation.
See also
Flag flying day
Flag of Israel
Jerusalem March
List of observances set by the Hebrew calendar
References
External links
1968 establishments in Israel
Annual events in Israel
Events in Jerusalem
Festivals established in 1968
Festivals in Jerusalem
Flag flying days
Iyar observances
National symbols of Israel
Parades in Israel
Religious Zionism
is a railway station on the Seiryū Line in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan operated by the third-sector company Nishikigawa Railway.
Lines
The station is served by the Seiryū Line and is located 13.9 km from the start of the line at .
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 1 November 1960 as an intermediate station during the construction of the then from to . With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, control of the station passed to JR West which then ceded control to Nishikigawa Railway on 25 July 1987.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 180 passengers daily.
References
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1960
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
N'Togonasso is a small town and seat of the commune of Gouadji Kao in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The town is 42 km northeast of Koutiala.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
SS Cantabria was a Spanish-owned cargo steamship that was built in 1919 in Canada and sunk in 1938 in a naval action in the Spanish Civil War in the North Sea. They were built as War Chief, renamed Alfonso Pérez shortly after they were built, and renamed Cantabria during the Spanish Civil War.
Cantabrias wreck is off the coast of Norfolk, 12 miles ENE of Cromer. They were shelled by the Spanish Nationalist auxiliary cruiser Nadir.
Building and career
J Coughlan & Sons of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada built the ship as War Chief for the UK Shipping Controller. They were launched in 19 August 1918 and completed in February 1919. Them registered length was , their beam was and their depth was . Them tonnages were and . They had a single screw, and their original engine was a steam turbine. By 1926 this had been replaced with a three-cylinder triple-expansion steam engine that was rated at 532 NHP.
The Shipping Controller initially appointed Raeburn and Vérel of Glasgow to manage War Chief, but by mid-1919 had sold them to AF Pérez, who renamed them Alfonso Pérez and registered them in Santander. Them code letters were HBNP. By 1926 they were equipped for wireless telegraphy, and by 1934 their call sign was EAAL.
In the Asturian miners' strike of 1934 they were used as a prison ship. In 1937 the Departamento de Navegación of Santander requisitioned them for the Republican government and renamed them Cantabria. The Republican authorities used them as a prison ship in Santander.
Sinking
By 1938 Cantabria was charter to a British company called the Mid-Atlantic Shipping Company, based in London. They were not engaged in Spanish trade. They were in passage in ballast from the River Thames to Immingham, whence they were to sail for Leningrad under Captain Manuel Argüelles. Aboard were 33 crew and eight passengers, of whom five were children and three women. The passengers included Argüelles' wife Trinidad, their son Ramon, aged six, their daughter Begoña, aged eight, and another child, aged three.
Auxiliary cruiser Nadir
Nadir was a auxiliary cruiser of the Spanish Nationalist navy, armed with a main gun, two guns and two anti-aircraft guns. They were converted from the merchant ship Ciudad de Valencia, and took part in the blockade of the Bay of Biscay in 1937. The Nationalists had renamed them to deceive the Spanish Republican Navy about the real number of commerce raiders at sea. Them targets were Republican cargo ships operating from ports in northern Europe. They had been launched on 18 October 1930 at the shipyard Unión Naval de Levante as Infante D. Gonzalo, owned by the Compañía Transmediterránea. The Nationalist government requisitioned them on 30 October 1936.
Attack
Nazi Germany allowed Spanish Nationalist ships to use the port of Emden as a base from which to raid Spanish Republican shipping in the North Sea and the English Channel. At about 11.30 am on 2 November, Argüelles was concerned that a ship was shadowing Cantabria. They changed course a degree or two to see if the other ship followed suit. It did. Their officers studied the following ship with binoculars. They looked like an ordinary passenger ship of about .
But the ship following Cantabria was in fact Nadir. Argüelles again changed course, now heading for the Norfolk coast. Nadir followed and increased speed. In the afternoon Cantabrias crew then saw Nadirs crew raise the Spanish Nationalist flag. At the same time Nadir unmasked their guns and signalled ordering Cantabria "Heave to or I fire". The cruiser then opened fire.
The incident was in international waters, outside British territorial waters, but near enough to the coast to be seen from shore. According to the statement by Argüelles, they refused to stop Cantabria after Nadir fired a shot across their bows. Nearby fishing boats intervened by heading towards Nadir sounding their sirens. This persuaded the cruiser to change course and break off their attack. The fishing boats, satisfied that they had ended the attack, continued on their way.
However, after the fishing boats had gone, Nadir returned and opened fire on Cantabria. A shell struck the bridge, destroying it. The raider circled Cantabria firing shells and raking them with machine-gun fire. A shell penetrated the engine room, rendering Cantabria powerless.
Cantabrias wireless telegraph operator had been sending signals that they were "being shelled by unknown vessel". After their bridge had been destroyed and their engine room disabled they transmitted an SOS signal. They gave Cantabrias position as 8½ miles southeast of Haisbro Light Ship.
Rescue
It was now nearly dark and at 5pm the Cromer Lifeboat with coxswain Henry Blogg at the helm was launched to rescue Cantabrias crew and passengers. Before H F Bailey arrived, fire spread through the ship. Two boats were lowered and some of the crew and passengers abandoned ship. Captain Argüelles, their wife and children and the second flight attendant, Joaquin Vallego, remained aboard fearing what their fate would be if they're surrendering to the insurgents aboard Nadir. With the boats now lowered, Nadir ceased fire.
Two cargo ships saw the attack: the British Monkwood and a Norwegian ship, but they did not attempt a rescue, fearing the reaction of Nadir, which was still in international waters. Monkwood later sent a report to the naval authorities, who sent naval units to the position to ensure that no hostile action would be taken inside British territorial waters. Another British merchant ship, Pattersonian, approached in response to Cantabrias SOS. Captain Blackmore of Pattersonian had seen Nadir head towards the lifeboat, and steered their ship across the attacker's course, preventing Nadir from reaching the lifeboat. Pattersonian rescued eleven crew from Cantabria'''s lifeboats. Nadir captured 20 crew in the second lifeboat. This House of Lords judged this to be unlawful interference in British shipping, as Nadir obstructed the legal duty of rescuing seamen.
It was now dark and no more shots were being fired. H F Bailey arrived at the scene at 6.30 pm. Argüelles signalled the lifeboat with a torch, and it pulled along the starboard side of Cantabria, which was heavily listing. A line was thrown, and the children and Argüelles' wife were handed down to the lifeboat, followed by the flight attendant and Argüelles. When the rescue was complete, Cantabria suddenly heeled over, damaging the lifeboat's stanchions. H F Bailey hastily got clear of Cantabria, which sank soon after at position . At least one sailor, Juan Gil, was lost with the vessel. Other sources report the loss of four crew members.
AftermathH F Bailey returned to Cromer, arriving at 8.15pm. Argüelles, their family and the flight attendant were taken to the Red Lion Hotel, and Pattersonian took the other 11 rescued crewmen to Great Yarmouth. The BBC reported an account of the incident, along with a warning to shipping, giving the sunken Cantabrias position. British newspapers carried the story as headline news, but many of the crew at Yarmouth refused to be photographed, fearing Nationalist reprisals. Questions about the incident were asked in both Houses of Parliament.
Gestapo involvement
Two weeks after the sinking of Cantabria, Danish police released information that shed new light on the recent confrontation that proved that it had been no coincidence that Nadir had intercepted Cantabria. For some time, the Danish police had been interested in the Copenhagen correspondents for a German newspaper, one of whom was Horst von Pflugk-Harttung. They worked for the Berliner Börsen-Zeitung, which was an organ of the Ministry of the Reichswehr. Danish police arrested Hartnung and eight other Germans living in Denmark, along with three Danes, and charged them of operating as spies in Copenhagen.
Danish police proved that the accused had all been trained at Gestapo spy schools and had operated secret broadcasting stations, as well as engaging in nautical and hydrographical research. Between them they had drawn up maps and charts, graphs and complex mathematical tables of data. They communicated by complex codes, which they changed frequently. The outlay for so extensive an operation could be justified only as part of Third Reich preparation for war. The spy ring used the shadowing and sinking of Cantabria to demonstrate the complicated subversion mechanism that the Gestapo was developing. The sinking had been formulated by the Spanish insurgents, backed by their allies, as a warning to Britain. Franco was warning the British government that, unless they proved amenable, worse was to come. The Danish police investigation established that the attack was planned by Nazi Germany. As said above, Nadir and their sister ship Ciudad de Alicante'' used Emden as a supply base.
Horst von Pflugk-Hartnung
Horst von Pflugk-Hartung was a German spy, who along with their brother Georg, had previously been charged in Berlin for the assassination of the Socialist leaders, Karl Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg. Both men were acquitted but evidently many thought them guilty, for Georg was later assassinated. After Horst von Pflugk-Hartung's trial in Denmark, they were sentenced to only a year and a half in prison, and was released after a few months after German government pressure. They became a leading German intelligence chief in Denmark.
2006 tribute
Manuel Argüelles and their wife Trinidad later emigrated with their children to Mexico. In 2006, when the new Henry Blogg lifeboat museum was opened, Argüelles' son Ramón and daughter Begoña made a visit to pay tribute to Henry Blogg and their crew.
References
Bibliography
Military history of Norfolk
Merchant ships of Spain
Prison ships
Steamships of Spain
Second Spanish Republic
Maritime incidents in 1937
Maritime incidents in 1938
Spanish Civil War
Military units and formations of the Spanish Civil War
Conflicts in 1938
1938 in the United Kingdom
Merchant ships of Canada
Ships built in British Columbia
Shipwrecks of the Spanish Civil War
1918 ships
International maritime incidents
History of Norfolk
Atlantic naval operations of the Spanish Civil War
Shipwrecks of Norfolk
Hanstedt is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 35 km south of Hamburg, and 25 km west of Lüneburg.
Hanstedt is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Hanstedt.
References
Harburg (district)
A referendum on merging the regional and departmental governments was held in French Guiana on 24 January 2010. The proposal was approved by 57% of voters.
Results
References
Referendums in French Guiana
2010 in French Guiana
2010 referendums
January 2010 events in South America
Jules Bernaerts (1882 – 4 December 1957) was a Belgian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1882 births
1957 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century Belgian male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Mechelen
Mylèna Atanassova born in Bulgaria in Sofia, more usually called Mylène Atanassova, is a designer and a painter.
Biography
Mylèna Atanassova, former TV presenter and producer of the show "Boutique à la maison" on the string "7dni.TV" in Sofia.  They are also the author of the concept of the program "Official Register" in 1996.
Designer, they are the founder of the house "Milena-Art". In 1997 they staged fashion shows: "Storytelling for Adults" with the participation of Bogdana Karadocheva the National Palace of Culture in Sofia. A film is made and disseminated by the chain of two Bulgarian National Television.
From mid-2002, they joined the world of artists and designers: Givenchy, Lanvin, Louis Vuitton, Stella McCartney and they make a long way in several collections of fashion giant - Alexander McQueen.  They are also a painter and exhibited their paintings and their artistic ideas.
They currently live in Paris, is a consultant and professor teaching visual art and fashion illustration.
As a designer and painter, they devote most of their time looking colors, materials, textures, and shapes. They use their paintings to mixed media (paintings, collages, textiles, metal, leather, paper).
They exhibited in group shows at the chapel of Notre-Dame-des-Blancs-Coats in Paris, then the center of cultural tourism Montoire-Sur-Loire (Loir-et-Cher). Lately, they have exhibited individually in the Gallery of Colombier in the first district of Paris, Galleri Hagman - Stockholm, In My Room Galerie - Paris, Makuni Art Exhibition - Osaka
External links
http://brightnessco1.wixsite.com/makuni-exhibition/community-------
http://www.reseauproactif.org/vernissage-mylene-atanassova/
http://officiel-galeries-musees.com/exposition/mylene-atanassova
https://artfacts.net/exhibition/mylena-atanassova-new-time/459646
http://catalogue.drouot.com/ref-drouot/lot-ventes-aux-encheres-drouot.jsp?id=4256112
http://artmag.art/imprimersans.php3?id_article=2117&mag=art
https://archive.today/20130812205319/http://officiel-galeries-musees.com/galerie-du-colombier/exposition/m-atanassova-compositions-visuelles-et-illustrations-de-mode
http://www.inmyroomgalerie.blogspot.fr/
http://www.artfacts.net/fr/artiste/mylena-atanassova-366226/ligne-directrice.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20111219175620/http://www.hagman.se/
https://www.dailymotion.com/video/xqxqgu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaQedCbOecA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofpOQVi2rs0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaOD9oBapjU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3Se-R2Fkws
Bulgarian painters
Bulgarian fashion designers
Living people
Bulgarian expatriates in France
20th-century Bulgarian artists
21st-century Bulgarian artists
Bulgarian women painters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women fashion designers
General John A. Corder (born 28 August 1939) is a retired United States Air Force (USAF) Major general.
Early life and education
Corder was born in Salem, Oregon, in 1939, and graduated from high school in Albany, Oregon, in 1957. They earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Nebraska in 1970 and a master's degree in business administration from Auburn University in 1971.
Military career
They entered the USAF in March 1959. They received their commission and navigator wings through the aviation cadet program at Harlingen Air Force Base, Texas, in April 1960. After completing B-52 upgrade training at Mather Air Force Base, California and survival training at Stead Air Force Base, Nevada, they were assigned as a B-52 navigator with the 7th Bombardment Wing, Carswell Air Force Base, Texas, in January 1961. In March 1964 they entered pilot training at Reese Air Force Base, Texas, and upon graduation in April 1965, was assigned to the 33rd Tactical Fighter Wing, Eglin Air Force Base, as an F-4 Phantom II pilot.
They then served in the Tactical branch, 8th Tactical Fighter Wing, Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand, from May 1967 to March 1968. During this tour of duty, they flew 250 combat hours (140 sorties, including 100 missions over North Vietnam) in the F-4D. On 8 February 1968 they led a two-aircraft low-level attack on Phúc Yên Air Base; their F-4 was hit by antiaircraft fire and they and their radar intercept officer, Captain Tracy K. Dorsett, ejected over Laos, where they evaded enemy forces before being rescued by USAF helicopters. Corder and Dorsett were each awarded the Air Force Cross for this mission.
They then are assigned to Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, serving in the Fighter Concepts and Doctrine Division of the Tactical Fighter Weapons Center.
Upon graduation from Air Command and Staff College in August 1971, they were assigned as an action officer in the Fighter Tactics Branch of the Tactical Division, Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Washington, D.C. In August 1974 they entered the National War College. After graduating in June 1975, they were assigned as chief of requirements, plans and programs, in the Air Force section of the Joint U.S. Military Assistance Mission to Turkey.
From August 1976 to July 1978 Corder was base commander at Nellis Air Force Base. They then became deputy commander for operations and commandant of the Fighter Weapons School within the 57th Fighter Weapons Wing, also at Nellis. They transferred to Headquarters Pacific Air Forces, Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii, in March 1979 as director of tactical operations. In October 1979 they were named director of inspection for the Pacific Air Forces inspector general team. They were appointed vice commander of the 3rd Tactical Fighter Wing, Clark Air Force Base, Philippines, in August 1980 and became commander in February 1981. They were assigned as commander of the Defense Supply Center, Richmond, Virginia, in August 1983.
In June 1985 they returned to USAF headquarters as director of electronic combat in the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Research, Development and Acquisition. They were assigned as commander of the 65th Air Division, USAF in Europe's Electronic Combat Air Division, Lindsey Air Station, West Germany, in August 1987. In April 1988 they were promoted to major general and became deputy chief of staff for operations, Headquarters USAF in Europe, Ramstein Air Base, West Germany. They assumed command of the USAF Tactical Air Warfare Center, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida in January 1989.
From November 1990 until March 1991 they were a deputy commander of operations for the Central Command Air Forces in the Persian Gulf. They were responsible for the planning and execution of 2,500 to 3,000 sorties per day during Operation Desert Storm. This involved approximately 2,400 USAF, Navy and Marine Corps aircraft, plus aircraft from nine other allied nations.
Retirement and later life
They retired from the Air Force on 1 September 1992.
References
1939 births
Living people
United States Air Force personnel of the Vietnam War
United States Air Force generals
Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
People from Albany, Oregon
Military personnel from Oregon
They Spy is an action-adventure television show that ran from July 20, 2002 until May 17, 2004 in two seasons. The show was sold into syndication but the first four episodes were premiered on the NBC network, whose syndication arm was one of the producers. Disappointing ratings during the show's second season led to its cancellation after season two ended. They Spies bore noticeable production and direction similarities with Charlie's Angels.
Plot
Three female convicted felons who were incarcerated for electronic crimes ("DD"), confidence tricks ("Cassie") and battery ("Shane") are paroled from prison in exchange for work as secret operatives for the US government under 'ComCent', a branch of the ISD. In addition, they have to answer to a special agent in charge of the success of their operations and of making sure that the terms of their conditional release are consistently followed.
Cast
Natasha Henstridge as Cassie McBaine
Kristen Miller as Deedra "D.D." Cummings
Natashia Williams as Shane Phillips
Carlos Jacott as Jack Wilde
Jamie Iglehart as Duncan Baleu
Cameron Daddo as Quentin Cross
Production
Writing
They Spies had very strong comic and chick flick elements which in many instances proved even more relevant to the storytelling than the spy-related situations and gadgets themselves. The type of humor changed markedly from season one to season two, with the former containing much self-referential humor and breaking of the "fourth wall", while both these elements were removed in season two.
Casting and production
Natasha Henstridge who played Cassie wasn't keen to sign up for the show as they were not interested in the same old "three spies" story, but the makers convinced them that the show would be planned as a spoof, have many comedy elements and no drama like Charlie's Angels.
The women used martial arts and hand-to-hand combat as fighting skills. No guns were used as weapons.
Episodes
Home media
They Spy: The Complete First Season was released on March 14, 2006, by MGM Home Entertainment in a 4-DVD set.
External links
2002 American television series debuts
2004 American television series endings
NBC original programming
Espionage television series
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
Television series by MGM Television
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Television shows set in Newport Beach, California
American action adventure television series
American spy comedy television series
Cape Lamas () is the southwest point of Seymour Island, Antarctica. The cape was named by the command of the Argentine ship Chiriguano of the Argentine Antarctic Expedition, 1953–54, after Guardiamarina (Midshipman) Lamas, of the Argentine Navy, who died aboard the trawler Fournier off Tierra del Fuego in September 1949.
See also
Fossil Bight
References
Headlands of the James Ross Island group
Keith Edward Abbott (1814–1873) was a British diplomat and consul general at Tabriz and later Odessa.
Family background
Keith was born in London, the 5th son of Henry Alexius Abbott, a retired Calcutta merchant of Blackheath, Kent, and their wife Margaret Welsh, the daughter of William Welsh of Edinburgh. They had the following siblings:
Margaret (1801–1877)
Major General Augustus Abbott, CB (1804–1867)
Major General Sir Frederick Abbott, CB (1805–1892)
General Sir James Abbott, KCB (1807–1896)
Emma Abbott (1809–1875)
Major General Saunders Alexius Abbott (1811–1894)
Edmund Abbott (1816-1816)
Career
Between 1835 and 1837, K.E. Abbott stayed in the northeastern Ottoman town of Erzurum, perhaps as assistant in the British Consulate there. They were first appointed to the Consulate of Tehran in 1841, from where they transferred, in 1842, to Tabriz. K. E. Abbott was appointed Consul of Tabriz in April 1854, and remained there till the rupture between England and Persia in 1856, and returned to the same place, as Consul-General, on the renewal of relations with Persia, in July 1857. In July 1868 they became Consul-General of the Russian Ports in the Black Sea and Sea of Azov, residing at Odessa, and remaining there until their death on 28 April 1873. During their service in Iran they produced a series of valuable reports on Iran's economy, commerce and society (see publication list below).
References
Publications
'Notes of a Tour in Armenia in 1837', in: Journal of the Royal Geographical Society of London 12 (1842) pp.207-220 (geographical annotations to this article published by Jelle Verheij )
Cities and Trade: Consul Abbott on Economy and Society of Iran, 1847-1866. Edited with an introduction by Abbas Amanat (London: Ithaca Press for the Board of the Faculty of Oriental Studies, Oxford University, 1983). .
1814 births
1873 deaths
British diplomats
People from Blackheath, London
19th-century British diplomats
Daniel Magnusson may refer to:
Daniel Magnusson (ice hockey), Swedish ice hockey centre
Daniel Magnusson (curler), Swedish curler
Shaw and Crompton is a civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, Greater Manchester, England. It contains 19 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the town of Shaw and Crompton and the surrounding countryside. Most of the listed buildings are farmhouses, farm buildings, houses and cottages, many of them dating from the late 18th century. The other listed buildings include an ancient cross shaft, churches, a lych gate, and a war memorial.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham
Listed
Kamchatka is a Swedish power trio highly influenced by late 1960s and early 1970s blues rock bands. Their sound combines elements of blues rock, stoner rock and psychedelic rock.
Kamchatka took their name from the volcanically active Russian Kamchatka Peninsula that divides the Okhotsk and the Bering Sea.
Biography
In 2005 Kamchatka released their self-titled debut Kamchatka, a 14-track album containing 3 covers: "I Love Everybody" originally written by blues-rocker Johnny Winter. The 2 other songs, "Auto Mowdown" and "Spacegirl Blues" were written by Gerald V. Casale of new wave band Devo (from compilation Hardcore Devo: Volume One). The album was recorded at Shrimpmonkey studios by Nicolas Elgstrand.
In 2007, Before Kamchatka's second album Volume II was released, guitarist Thomas Andersson collaborated on a project called King Hobo with Opeth keyboardist Per Wiberg and Clutch drummer Jean-Paul Gaster, amongst others.
Kamchatka's third album Volume III was released in March 2009. An 11-track album containing a cover of The Allman Brothers' song Whipping Post featuring Clutch drummer Jean Paul Gaster.
The fourth album Bury Your Roots, an album of 12 original tracks, was released on GMR September 5, 2011.
The fifth Kamchatka album The Search Goes On, was released on Despotz Records on February 21, 2014.
Musical style and influences
Kamchatka have been influenced by several genres including blues, progressive rock, stoner rock and jazz and by artists such as Devo, Ali Farka Touré, Cactus, King Crimson, Kyuss, Sarah Vaughan and Chet Baker.
Thomas Andersson's guitar playing is mainly riff based and is considered highly inspired by Jimi Hendrix and Robin Trower, therefore Kamchatka are often compared to heavy blues-rock bands active in the late 1960s and early 1970s like The Jimi Hendrix Experience, Led Zeppelin and Cream. The band has been labeled hard rock, stoner rock, jam band, power trio and blues-rock.
Touring
In early 2007, Kamchatka did a tour in Sweden opening for blues influenced band Clutch on three occasions.
In April/May 2008 Kamchatka did a US Tour opening for Clutch on 21 occasions. In 2009, they continued this affiliation with Clutch by joining them on a November tour of the EU.
Members
Current Members
Thomas "Juneor" Andersson - guitar & vocals (2001–present)
Tobias Strandvik - drums (2001–present)
Per Wiberg - bass & vocals (2015–present)
Past Members
Roger Ojersson - bass & vocals (2001 - 2015)
Discography
Studio albums
Kamchatka (2005)
Volume II (2007)
Volume III (2009)
Bury Your Roots (2011)
The Search Goes On (2014)
Long Road Made of Gold (2015)
Hoodoo Lightning (2019)
Singles
"Tango Decadence" (2013)
"Doorknocker Blues" (2014)
"Somedays" (2014)
"Ain't Fallin'" (2014)
"Get Your Game On" (2015)
"To You" (2015)
"Human Dynamo" (2015)
"Devil Dance" (2016)
"No One That Can Tell" (2016)
"Stone Cold Shaky Bones" (2018)
"Rainbow Bridge" (2019)
"Fool" (2019)
References
External links
Official website
Official MySpace
GMR
Blues rock groups
Swedish rock music groups
Swedish stoner rock musical groups
Blues musical groups
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Matsuda was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on April 14, 1979. After graduating from Kokushikan University, they joined J2 League club Montedio Yamagata in 2002. However they could not play at all in the match in 2002. Although they played only a match in 2003 Emperor's Cup, they could only play this match and left Montedio end of 2003 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
Montedio Yamagata
1979 births
Living people
Kokushikan University alumni
Association football people from Shizuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Montedio Yamagata players
Association football defenders
Anna Costanza Baldry (16 May 1970 – 9 March 2019) was an Italian social psychologist and criminologist. They were a professor at Università degli Studi della Campania Luigi Vanvitelli. An expert on issues related to violence against women and children, Baldry consulted with such organizations as the United Nations and NATO. For their contributions to society, they were awarded the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic.
Biography
Baldry was born in London on 16 May 1970. They attended Sapienza University of Rome, earning an undergraduate degree in psychology in 1994 and a PhD in social psychology in 1999. They studied criminology at the University of Cambridge, earning a master's degree in 1996 and a PhD in 2001, under the supervision of David Farrington. From 2003 to 2004, they completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the Free University of Amsterdam, having been awarded funding from Marie Skłodowska-Curie Actions. From 2005, they taught courses in psychology and criminology at Università degli Studi della Campania Luigi Vanvitelli. They also taught victimology at Catholic University of Milan.
Baldry conducted research and consulted on topics related to aggression and relationships, including child and adolescent bullying, cyberbullying, and gender-based violence. They led a number of prevention and intervention projects, including the development of Threat Assessment of Bullying Behaviors among Youngsters (TABBY), a bullying intervention program implemented in eight countries, and the validation of the Spousal Assault Risk Assessment (SARA) protocol in Italy. They also provided training on violence to law enforcement, social workers, and other service providers, and served as an expert consultant to such organization as the United Nations, OSCE and NATO.
In 2015, they were awarded the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic by President Sergio Mattarella, the country's highest honour.
Baldry died on 9 March 2019.
Selected works
References
1970 births
2019 deaths
Social psychologists
Italian women psychologists
Women criminologists
Italian psychologists
Italian criminologists
Italian women academics
Recipients of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Università degli Studi della Campania Luigi Vanvitelli faculty
Albești is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Albești, Corni-Albești, Crasna and Gura Albești.
Crasna village is a small railway hub on the Tecuci-Iași line, with trains formerly branching off to Huși.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Richard Norris was born 23 June 1965 and is a London-based record producer, songwriter, sound engineer, musician, DJ and author.  They are best known as a member of electronic dance band The Grid. Richard has also worked as a producer and engineer since the 80s with artists such as: Bryan Ferry, Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, Marc Almond, Joe Strummer and the Pet Shop Boys.
Norris began making music as a teenage member of St. Albans punk band Innocent Vicars. Vicars recorded two singles in 1980: "Antimatter" and "Funky Town" for the independent No Brain Records. Norris started working in the music industry as the label manager for the British psychedelic record label Bam Caruso before becoming a writer for NME in 1987.
Bands
The Grid
Norris and David Ball collaborated when they formed the electronic dance group The Grid in 1988. The Grid signed to Warner Bros Records/East West Records the same year. The Grid had six Top 40 UK Singles Chart hits between 1990 and 1995 including: "Floatation", "Crystal Clear", "Texas Cowboys", "Rollercoaster" and the million-selling "Swamp Thing." "Swamp Thing" reached no.3 in the UK charts and was Top Ten in nine other countries. It was certified a Silver Disc.
The Grid has been in existence from their formation in 1988 until the present day (as of 2018) with a 5-year hiatus between 1998-2003. During the break, Norris formed the band The Droyds and under that name mixed tracks for Armand Van Helden and Siobhan Fahey.
The Grid have released five albums (as of 2018).
Beyond The Wizard's Sleeve
Along with British DJ Erol Alkan Norris formed the remix/DJ duo Beyond the Wizard's Sleeve. Under this name Norris and Alkan initially released four remix/re-edit EPs: "Birth", "Spring", "George" and "West", followed by several singles. In 2016 they released their debut album The Soft Bounce which was rated album of the week by The Guardian's music critic Alex Petridis
Beyond the Wizard's Sleeve also have remixed The Chemical Brothers, Tracey Thorn, Badly Drawn Boy, Midlake and Goldfrapp. Their own compilation of other band remixes: Reanimations Volume One, was released in 2009. Norris has also compiled the techno compilation album Flux Trax.
Norris formed the electronic band Circle Sky with DJ Martin Dubka. Circle Sky remixed a number of artists including: Yello, Jagwar Ma, and Imarhan.
The Time & Space Machine
Norris formed a new project in 2009 called The Time and Space Machine. The Time and Space Machine signed to Tirk Records in 2009 and released a 7" single "Children of the Sun," an EP You Are The One, andan album Set Phazer to Stun. A second Time and Space Machine album Taste the Lazer was released in 2012.
A Time and Space Machine remix collection The Way Out Sound From In was released in 2015. This featured remixes of: Warpaint, Jagwar Ma and Temples.
The band also collaborated with designer Luke Insect and the street wear label Stussy to create a series of Time and Space Machine Stussy T-shirts.
Collaborations
Joe Strummer
Norris was also a friend of Joe Strummer and the two worked together on the soundtrack for Grosse Pointe Blank. Norris later appeared on The Mescaleros debut album Rock Art and the X-Ray Style co-writing and producing tracks: "Sandpaper Blues" and "Yalla Yalla."
Psychic TV
Norris and Genesis P-Orridge of Psychic TV collaborated to release two fake compilations of acid house songs in 1988—contributing to each under variety of aliases such as: DJ Doktor Megatrip and Mista Luv. The two albums Jack the Tab and Tekno Acid Beat were released with the intention to fool people into believing that the genre had already taken off in Britain—thereby encouraging its popularization and acceptance.
Jack the Tab also features Soft Cell's David Ball and was notable for sampling dialogue from the film The Wild Angels - ‘We Want to be free! We want to do what we want to do!' - two years before it was used by Primal Scream in their Top 20 hit "Loaded."
Moog
Moog Music—contemporary makers of the famous Moog synthesisers—constructed a bespoke sound lab for the creation of live synthesised music as an open access, experimental music resource to celebrate the life and work of electronics inventor Dr. Robert Moog in 2015. The Grid were the first band to be invited to play and record in the new studio at the Sound Lab at The Institute of Sound Recording (Surrey University) three years later. The resulting work was a 6-track album called One Way Traffic. The other albums—making up a series of three were: Hieroglyphic Being's The Replicant Dream Sequence and the late Mika Vainio's Lydspor One & Two. The Guardian's music critic described the event as: 'The synth revival; why the Moog is back in vogue' commenting: 'Both Grid members are bona fide synth pioneers.'
Robert Fripp
The Grid collaborated with the King Crimson guitarist Robert Fripp on the Grid album 456. The Grid also remixed David Sylvian and Robert Fripp's track "Darshan (1993)" and released the previously unheard Grid/Fripp collaboration "A Cabala Sky" in 2014
Finnur Bjarnasson
Norris collaborated with classically trained Icelandic opera singer Finnur Bjarnasson on a music project called Restoration under the band name The Long Now. It was released on Curved Space Records in 2018 .
Remixes
Norris has been remixing music since the eighties and has worked with artists including: Soft Cell, Psychic TV, Black Grape, Space, Yello, Shakespears Sister, Armand Van Helden, Lambchop, Joe Strummer, Cornershop, Saint Etienne, Marc Almond and Momus.
Norris remixed former The Verve singer Richard Ashcroft's "Out of my Body" Flamingods "Mixed Blessings" and Mary Epworth's "Me Swimming" in 2017.
Festivals
The Lewes Psychedelic Festival in Lewes, south England was founded by Norris and Chris Tomsett in 2009. The ongoing festival is still curated by Tomsett (as of 2018)--hosting in the past bands such as: The Notorious Hi-Fi Killers, Voice of the Seven Thunders, The Sound Carriers and Norris's own The Time & Space Machine.
Norris regularly DJs at UK festivals including Glastonbury and the Green Man Festival
Soundtracks
Norris's bands and songs have appeared in several feature films, television shows and documentaries:
Grosse Point Blank (song "War Cry")
Pecker (song "Swamp Thing")
Let's Rock Again! (song "Yalla Yalla")
My Mad Fat Diary ("England's Irie")
Everybody Street
Viva Joe Strummer (personal appearance)
Author
Norris was the official biographer of Paul Oakenfold and the writer of Paul Oakenfold: The Authorized Biography in 2007.
References
External links
Richard Norris
Richard Norris interview
1965 births
Living people
English house musicians
English techno musicians
English electronic musicians
English record producers
English DJs
English biographers
British audio engineers
Musicians from London
Place of birth missing (living people)
Electronic dance music DJs
The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Bolzano/Bozen in the Trentino-South Tyrol region of Italy.
Prior to 20th century
14 BC - A military settlement called "Pons Drusi" is founded by Romans.
679 - Settlement and region ruled by the Duke of Bavaria ("comes Baiuvariorum, quem illi gravionem dicunt, qui regebat Bauzanum et reliqua castella").
769 - Tassilo III, Duke of Bavaria issues in Bolzano the foundation charter of the Innichen Abbey.
996–1000 - Settlement called "in Pauzana valle, quae lingua Teutisca Pozana nuncupatur".
1027 - Bozen county "given by the emperor Conrad II to the bishop of Trent."
1170 - Likely birthplace nearby of Walther von der Vogelweide, a German lyrical poet.
1170–80 ca. - The town is founded by the bishop of Trent.
1195 - The town's parson Rudolf is mentioned.
1237 - Franciscan Friary active.
1272 - (hospital) established.
1363 - Habsburg Rudolf IV, Duke of Austria in power.
1437 - The borough rights (Stadtrecht) issued.
1442 - Town council established by King Frederick III.
1443 and 1483 - Two great town fires destroy large parts of the inner city.
1472 - The Bozner Stadtbuch (Liber civitatis) instituted by mayor Konrad Lerhueber as the towns official register of legal acts.
1519 - The openwork spire of the Parish church (now Cathedral) finished by the stonemasons Burkhard Engelberg and Hans Lutz von Schussenried.
1551 - The Bozner Bürgerbuch, a register of the new citizens, instituted.
1635 - established.
1805 - Town becomes part of the Kingdom of Bavaria, first Civic Theatre established.
1810 - Town becomes part of French client Kingdom of Italy.
1813 - Town becomes part of Austria again.
1837 - Population: 10,499.(de)
1842 - newspaper begins publication.
1859 - Brenner Railway (Verona-Bozen) begins operating; Bozen railway station opens.
1861 - 10 November: held.
1862 - (sport club) formed.
1867 - Brenner Railway (Innsbruck-Bozen) begins operating.
1874 - (Austro-Hungarian war cemetery) established.
1882 - Der Tiroler newspaper begins publication.
1889 - erected in the .
1894 - newspaper begins publication.
1895 - Julius Perathoner becomes mayor.
1898 - Überetsch Railway begins operating.
1900 - Population: 23,521.(de)
20th century
1907 - (funicular) and Rittnerbahn (railway) begin operating.
1909 - Bolzano Tramway begins operating.
1912 - (funicular) begins operating.
1915 - Tiroler Soldaten-Zeitung newspaper begins publication.
1918
The new Civic Theatre (Stadttheater) opens.
Italian forces take South Tyrol region during World War I and rename it as "Alto Adige"
1921 - 24 April: Fascist unrest (Bloody Sunday).
1922 - October: Fascist occurs.
1923
Bolzano becomes part of the Province of Trento.
Italianization of South Tyrol begins.
1925 - becomes part of Bolzano.
1926
Bolzano Airport opens.
Dolomiten newspaper in publication.
1927 - The Province of Bolzano established and separated from the Trento Province.
1928 - The Fascist Bolzano Victory Monument inaugurated.
1930 - Stadio Druso (stadium) opens.
1931 - Associazione Calcio Bolzano (football club) formed.
1933 - HC Bolzano (ice hockey club) formed.
1936 - Population: 45,505.(de)
1936 - The today's Corso della Libertà-Freiheitsstraße (Liberty Avenue), a major civic boulevard adorned by buildings in monumentalist style, has been created by the fascist regime (then called Corso IX Maggio).
1939–40 - The South Tyrol Option Agreement leads to the emigration of parts of the german-speaking population into the Third Reich.
1939–42 - The local Casa del Fascio built displaying a monumental Mussolini basrelief, recontextualized in 2017.
1943
September: South Tyrol region annexed by Germany; Bolzano becomes part of the Nazi German Operationszone Alpenvorland (district).
Bombing of Bolzano.
1944 - Bolzano Transit Camp begins operating.
1945 - Town liberated by allied forces from the nazifascist occupational forces on May 4
December: "Official sanction of the German language" begins.
South Tyrolean People's Party headquartered in Bolzano.
Dolomiten and Alto Adige newspapers begin publication.
1948
Bolzano becomes part of the newly formed Trentino-Alto Adige province.
November: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regional election, 1948 held.
Bolzano Tramway closes.
1950 - (theatre) founded.
1951 - Population: 70,898.(de)
1960 - Rai Südtirol (radio) begins broadcasting.
1961 - Night of fire happened.
1964 - Roman Catholic Diocese of Bolzano-Brixen established.
1966 - Rai Südtirol (TV channel) begins broadcasting.
1967 - Haus der Kultur „Walther von der Vogelweide“ (Waltherhaus), a theatre and culture venue inaugurated.
1968 - becomes mayor.
1971 - Population: 105,757.(de)
1974 - F.C. Südtirol (football club) formed.
1977 - Radio Tandem begins broadcasting.
1985 - Museion - Museo d'Arte Moderna (museum) founded.
1988 - Mattino dell'Alto Adige newspaper begins publication.
1992 - Eurac Research (European Academy Bozen-Bolzano), a transdisciplinary research centre, founded.
1995
becomes mayor.
Regional Civic Network of South Tyrol (website) launched.
1996
Neue Südtiroler Tageszeitung (newspaper) begins publication.
F.C. Bolzano 1996 (football club) formed.
1997 - Free University of Bozen-Bolzano founded.
1998
South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology established.
opens.
1999 - (theatre) opens.
21st century
2003 - newspaper begins publication.
2005 - Luigi Spagnolli becomes mayor.
2008 - New Museion (museum) building opens.
2013
October: Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol provincial elections held.
University's (regional history institute) founded.
Population: 103,891.
2014 - BZ '18–'45: one monument, one city, two dictatorships, a permanent exhibition within the fascist Monument to Victory is inaugurated.
2015 - The so-called Stolpersteine, Holocaust victims commemorative markers, are laid out.
2016 - held; Renzo Caramaschi becomes mayor.
2017 - The former Casa del Fascio historicized.
2018 - NOI Techpark Südtirol/Alto Adige, a large science and technology park within the former industrial zone, opens.
2019 - WaltherPark, a large urban renewal project designed by David Chipperfield starts.
2021 - The town is granted the annual City of Memory status by the Interior Ministry.
See also
Bolzano history
List of mayors of Bolzano
Civic Archives in Bozen-Bolzano (city archives)
(Holocaust victims commemorative markers)
History of South Tyrol region
Raetia, ancient Roman province of which Bauzanum was part
Timelines of other cities in the macroregion of Northeast Italy:(it)
Emilia-Romagna region: Timeline of Bologna; Ferrara; Forlì; Modena; Parma; Piacenza; Ravenna; Reggio Emilia; Rimini
Friuli-Venezia Giulia region: Timeline of Trieste
Trentino-South Tyrol region: Timeline of Trento
Veneto region: Timeline of Padua; Treviso; Venice; Verona, Vicenza
References
This article incorporates information from the Italian Wikipedia and German Wikipedia.
Bibliography
in English
in German
(written in 14th century)
in Italian
External links
Items related to Bolzano, various dates (via Europeana)
Items related to Bolzano, various dates (via Digital Public Library of America)
Bolzano
Bolzano
bolzano
Faze TV may refer to:
A television series in Canada aimed at teenaged girls.
A planned (and then later scrapped) British TV Channel aimed at the LBGT community.
Many a Mile is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian country rock band Blue Rodeo, released on December 3, 2021.
Track listing
All songs written by Greg Keelor and Jim Cuddy.
"When You Were Wild" – 3:59
"I Owe It to Myself" – 4:45
"Deep Dark Well" – 5:38
"All in Your Hands" – 4:25
"Symmetry of Starlight" – 4:48
"I Will Wait for You" – 5:02
"The Opening Act" – 4:51
"Never Like This Before" – 5:25
"Criticize" – 4:02
"I Think About You" – 3:50
"Julie Is Painting" – 6:14
"Ride Your Bike" – 4:47
Personnel
Credits adapted from album's liner notes.
Greg Keelor – lead and harmony vocals, electric guitar
Jim Cuddy – lead and harmony vocals, acoustic guitar
Bazil Donovan – bass guitar
Glenn Milchem – drums
Colin Cripps – electric and acoustic guitars, harmony vocals
Michael Boguski – piano, organ, synthesizer, synthesizer strings, electric piano, Wurlitzer, Hammond organ, Ace Tone keyboard
Jimmy Bowskill – mandolin, pedal steel guitar, electric and acoustic guitars, Fender Bass VI, banjo, Weissenborn guitar, harmony vocals
Guest musicians/personnel
Brittany Brooks – harmony vocals
James McKenty – electric and acoustic guitars
Ian McKeown – tambourine
Melissa Payne – harmony vocals
Tim Vesely – percussion
Charts
References
Blue Rodeo albums
2021 albums
Rosenau () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
References
Raczkowa
Tun Shin (; born 2 October 1948) was Attorney General of Myanmar (Burma) from 2011 to 2016.  They are an attorney by profession, with an LLB degree from Yangon, as a Master of Arts degree in business law from London.  They are a Christian.
References
1948 births
Living people
20th-century Burmese lawyers
Burmese Christians
University of Yangon alumni
Attorneys general of Burma
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
21st-century Burmese lawyers
Eleven Hundred Springs is a country music band from Dallas, Texas.
Eleven Hundred Springs was founded by Matt Hillyer (lead vocalist, guitar, primary songwriter), Steven Berg (bass), and Richie Vasquez (drums) in 1998. Prior to forming Eleven Hundred Springs, Matt and Steven had played together in three previous bands, most notably the Dallas rockabilly band Lone Star Trio. The band's early days included a lengthy Monday night residency at Adair's in Deep Ellum. It was during this time that the band's first album, "Welcome To Eleven Hundred Springs," was recorded, as well as "Live At Adair's".
Over the years, the band has had several lineup changes, with key band member Jordan Hendrix joining the group in 2006.
The most recent, and what proved to be the band's final lineup was put together in October 2016.
On June 9, 2021, lead singer/songwriter Matt Hillyer announced via their Facebook page that, “with bittersweet feelings that we've decided to bring the band to an end.”
On Friday November 26, 2021, the band played its final farewell show at the Granada Theater in Dallas Texas.
Band members
Matt Hillyer - Lead guitar, lead vocals
Steven Berg - Upright and electric bass, backing vocals
Jordan Hendrix- Fiddle
Chad Rueffer- Lead guitar, backing vocals, some lead vocals
Ray Austin- Steel Guitar, dobro
Christian Dorn- Percussion
Former Band members
DRUMS - Richie Vasquez, Bruce Alford, Mark Reznicek (currently with The Toadies), Brian Ferguson, Arjuna Contreras
GUITAR - Chris Claridy (currently with Cody Jinks)
FIDDLE - Jason Garner
STEEL GUITAR - Aaron Wynne, Danny Crelin, Burton Lee
Albums
Here 'Tis (State Fair Records, 2020)
The Finer Things in Life (Eleven Hundred Springs, 2018)
Midway (Eleven Hundred Springs, 2012)
Eight the Hard Way (Smith Music, 2011)
This Crazy Life (Smith Music, 2010)
Country Jam (Palo Duro Records, 2008)
Bandwagon (Palo Duro Records, 2004)
Texas Unplugged, Vol 1 (Palo Duro Records, 2004)
Broken Dreams, EP (Last Beat Records, 2003)
Waylon Jennings, The Red River Tribute Compilation (Omaha, 2003)
Straighter Line (13 Recordings, 2001)
No Stranger to the Blues (13 Recordings, 2000)
Live at Adair's Saloon (13 Recordings, 1999)
Welcome to Eleven Hundred Springs (13 Recordings, 1998)
See also
Outlaw country, Alternative country, Rockabilly, Red Dirt
External links
Eleven Hundred Springs
Eleven Hundred Springs
Musicians from Dallas
Nikare II was a pharaoh of the Sixteenth Dynasty of Egypt.  They are attested by some scarabs belonging to the British Museum, to the Petrie Museum, and to the Fraser collection.
This king should not be confused with Nikare, another pharaoh who reigned several centuries earlier.
References
17th-century BC Pharaohs
16th-century BC Pharaohs
Pharaohs of the Sixteenth Dynasty of Egypt
The 2012 European Boxing Olympic Qualification Tournament was held in Trabzon, Turkey from April 15 to April 21.
Qualified athletes
Qualification summary
Results
Light flyweight
Flyweight
Bantamweight
Lightweight
Light welterweight
Welterweight
Middleweight
Light heavyweight
Heavyweight
Super heavyweight
See also
Boxing at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Qualification
References
External links
AIBA
Men's Light Fly 46-49kg
Men's Fly 52kg
Men's Bantam 56kg
Men's Light 60kg
Men's Light Welter 64kg
Men's Welter 69kg
Men's Middle 75kg
Men's Light Heavy 81kg
Men's Heavy 91kg
Men's Super Heavy +91kg
Olympic Qualification
Boxing Olympic Qual
European 2012
Sport in Trabzon
The 1982 Busan arson attack or Busan American Council Fire Accidents (Hangeul: 부산 미국문화원 방화사건, Hanja: 釜山美國文化院放火事件) was an Anti-American attack against the United States Information Service building in Busan on 18 March 1982. The attack resulted in the death of a Dong-a University student who was studying in the building; three others were injured.
Aftermath
In June 1982, 16 people were put on trial in Busan for involvement in the attack. Theology student Moon Pu-shik (23) admitted the arson charge, saying the fire was a protest against US support for the Chun Doo-hwan dictatorship, particularly the suppression of the Gwangju Uprising. The other defendants included journalist Kim Hyong-jang (32) and Reverend Choi Ki-shik (39) head of the Catholic education center in Wonju, who was accused of sheltering the attackers. In August 1982 Kim Hyong-jang and Moon Pu-shik were sentenced to death for the arson, while Moon's wife Kim Un-suk (24) and Lee Mi-ok (21), were sentenced to life imprisonment. Following pleas for mercy from the US and protests by Catholic and Protestant groups, Kim and Moon's death sentences were commuted to life imprisonment in March 1983. Their sentences were reduced to 20 years in 1988. Moon Pu-shik was released from prison in 1988 after having served six years and nine months in prison.
The former USIS building now houses the Busan Modern History Museum.
See also
Gwangju massacre
Yangju highway incident
Anti-American sentiment in Korea
Anti-Americanism
Socialism in South Korea
References
External links
민주화운동의 요람, 가톨릭과 기독교 김주완 2007년 07월 12일
US Council Fire (Korean)
Busan American Council Fire Accidents
Arson in South Korea
Anti-Americanism
Socialism
South Korea–United States relations
Political history of South Korea
1982 in South Korea
1982 crimes in South Korea
History of Busan
The 2020 Silverstone FIA Formula 3 round is a motor racing event held on 1 and 2 August 2020 at the Silverstone Circuit, Towcester, United Kingdom. It was the fourth round of the 2020 FIA Formula 3 Championship, and ran in support of the 2020 British Grand Prix.
Entries
Enaam Ahmed left Carlin Buzz Racing due to sponsorship reasons, which caused Ben Barnicoat to make an unexpected return to single-seaters.
Classification
Qualifying
The Qualifying session took place on 31 July 2020, with Logan Sargeant scoring their first pole position in Formula 3.
Feature Race
Notes：
- Max Fewtrell was given a three-place grid drop for Race 2 for causing a collision with Olli Caldwell.
- Matteo Nannini was given a five-second penalty for exceeding the minimum delta time in three marshalling sectors while under safety car conditions.
Sprint Race
Notes：
- Aleksandr Smolyar originally won the race but was penalised for changing direction down the straight between corners 14 and 15, in order to break the tow between themselves and Beckmann in P2.
- Sophia Flörsch was handed a five-second time penalty for forcing Cameron Das off the track.
Standings after the event
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
See also
2020 British Grand Prix
2020 Silverstone Formula 2 round
References
External links
Official website
|- style="text-align:center"
|width="35%"|Previous race:
|width="30%"|FIA Formula 3 Championship2020 season
|width="40%"|Next race:
Silverstone Circuit
2020 in British sport
2020 in British motorsport
Seyitören, Damal is a village in the District of Damal, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Damal District
Gwizdały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 630.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Battle of Gefrees was fought on 8 July 1809 during the War of the Fifth Coalition between a joint force of Austrians and Brunswickers under the command of General Kienmayer and a French force under the command of General Junot, Duke of Abrantès. The battle ended in victory for the Austrians who avoided being trapped by Junot and a force of Saxons and Westphalians led by Jérôme Bonaparte, King of Westphalia. After Jérôme's troops were defeated at the Battle of Hof, the Austrians effectively had control over all of Saxony. However the victory was in vain, due to the major Austrian defeat at Wagram and the Armistice of Znaim.
Background
When Austria declared war on France and their allies, including Saxony, on 9 April 1809, a small force of Austrians together with a force of Brunswickers under the command of Frederick William, The Black Duke was based in Theresienstadt, Bohemia (now Terezín, Czech Republic) and acted as a defensive force whilst the bulk of the Austrian army was engaged in southern Bavaria and Italy. There was little action in the region until 25 May, when a Saxon force under Colonel von Thielmann invaded Bohemia. In response Duke Frederick William invaded Saxony and took the city of Zittau, forcing von Thielmann to retreat back to Dresden.
After the battle of Aspern-Essling, Archduke Charles reinforced the Austrian troops in Bohemia to a total strength of over 12,000 men and ordered a diversionary attack into Saxony. These Austrian reinforcements entered Saxony on 10 June and by the third day, an Austrian force of over 6,000 men under Major Am Ende captured the capital, Dresden. Von Thielmann and their Saxons were forced back to Gorbitz, whilst the Saxon Royal Family hurriedly fled west. Meanwhile, another force of 6,000 men under Paul von Radivojevich wheeled south into Bavaria, another French ally, capturing Bayreuth on 14 June. From here, Radivojevich could threaten an invasion of the Kingdom of Württemberg or an attempt to reinforce the Tyrolean uprising.
On 22 June, in face of the worsening situation in Saxony and northern Bavaria, Napoleon's brother Jérôme, who was also King of Westphalia, left Kassel with a force of 15,000 men including their Royal Guard Division. On the same day the Austrian forces had occupied Leipzig but were quickly forced to retreat by the arrival of Jérôme's troops. By 26 June, Jérôme had retaken the city and two days later the Westphalians clashed with the Austrians and Brunswickers for the first time.
In addition, General Junot had arrived in Frankfurt and took command of the Corps of Observation of the Elbe, an army hastily assembled to guard the Confederation of the Rhine. Deciding to seize the initiative rather than engaging in a defensive campaign, Junot began marching east to confront Radivojevich. Outnumbered, Radivojevich chose to fall back towards am Ende's troops to the north. Meanwhile, Jérôme's forces had retaken Dresden forcing am Ende's to form a new defensive line further south.
In an attempt to reclaim their lost momentum, the Austrian and Brunswicker troops were reorganised into the new XI. Corps and placed under the command of General Michael von Kienmayer, who had arrived with reinforcements. However, on the same day Kienmayer took up their command, Jérôme had left Dresden and headed south in pursuit of am Ende. Kienmayer and their 15,000 troops had found themselves dangerously positioned in the middle of a Franco-Westphalian pincer movement.
Battle
However, what followed was the most successful series of battles for the Austrians in over a decade. Jérôme was slow in their pursuit, allowing Kienmayer to head south and confront Junot. The Austrians first managed to stop Junot's advanced guard and then engaged Junot's main force on 8 July 1809 at Gefrees. This was the largest battle on the northern front during the whole war and ended in a decisive victory for the Austrians.
At Gefrees, the Austrians under Kienmayer had 2 regiments of regular Grenzer troops (about 5,300 men) and several hundred irregular Landwehr militia. The Black Brunswickers remained to the north guarding against any move by Jérôme and were not engaged at Gefrees. The French under Junot, on the other hand, had 2 regular line infantry regiments (about 6,000 men), a Bavarian depot battalion (about 1,000 men), and a dragoon regiment (about 500 men and horses). However, Junot's Corps of Observation of the Elbe were mainly conscripts who were poorly trained in comparison to the Austrian Grenzers. In particular, Junot's cavalry was not able charge effectively, therefore failing to exploit the lack of Austrian cavalry, and allowing the Austrians to remain in line formation. This meant the Austrians were able to deliver heavy and sustained volley fire throughout and by the end of the day, most of the French infantry had fled the field of battle. The Austrians had only suffered minimal casualties, whilst inflicting a substantial blow against the French. Junot's pursuit was not only stopped, but they were forced to retreat to Amberg.
With the southern pincer defeated, Kienmayer turned their attention to Jérôme who was still slowly advancing south. They rejoined with the rest of their forces, including the Black Brunswickers, and finally engaged Jérôme's forces on 11 July at Hof. Jérôme had been expecting to fight an Austrian army being pursued by Marshal Junot. Instead, Jérôme found themselves outnumbered and facing an army buoyed by a recent victory.
Jérôme, sensing defeat was inevitable, ordered a general retreat to Schleiz and the battle was merely a rear guard engagement. Duke Frederick William and their Black Brunswickers gave chase forcing Jérôme all the way back to Erfurt and the western borders of Saxony. The Austrians retook Dresden and the whole of Saxony had been evacuated. However, by the time Jérôme and their army had arrived safely in Erfurt, news of the French victory at Wagram and the resulting armistice at Znaim had reached Saxony. The Austrians were forced to concede all their gains and Jérôme and their Westphalians headed safely back to Kassel.
Aftermath
Duke Frederick William, however, was appalled by the Armistice of Znaim. They had hoped with the help of Kienmayer and the Austrians to start a popular uprising against Napoleon in northern Germany. Refusing to agree to the peace between Austria and France, the Black Duke decided to take matters into their own hands and make for the North Sea with their 2,000 troops. They still hoped to start popular uprising and in the following weeks, the Black Duke caused Jérôme major problems, defeating their Westphalian troops twice at the battles of Halberstadt and Ölper, as well as reinforcing their army with Westphalian deserters from both battles. The Black Brunswickers even managed to temporarily retake the city of Brunswick but Jérôme had ordered three generals to find and destroy the Duke Frederick William's forces. Despite this the Black Brunswickers still managed to reach the coast and were evacuated to the Isle of Wight in August 1809 on the ships used to land troops at Walcheren.
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Conflicts in 1809
Battles of the War of the Fifth Coalition
Battles involving Austria
Battles involving France
Battles involving Bavaria
Battles involving Saxony
1809 in Bavaria
1809 in Germany
July 1809 events
Battles in Bavaria
The University at Buffalo School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, or UB Engineering, is the largest public engineering school in the state of New York and is home to eight departments. Established in 1946, UB Engineering is ranked 59th by U.S. News & World Report and has an annual research expenditure of $72 million.
Moving to Davis Hall
Since May 10, 2012 UB Engineering has officially moved to its new home, Davis Hall. The building, as a part of UB 2020 Strategic Plan, hosts Computer Science and Electrical Engineering departments.
Department locations
Bell Hall - Industrial and Systems Engineering, Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Bonner Hall - Biomedical Engineering, Engineering Development and Alumni Relations, Undergraduate Education Offices
Davis Hall - Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Dean's Office
Furnas Hall - Chemical and Biological Engineering, Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Jarvis Hall - Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering (Environmental Engineering), Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Ketter Hall - Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering (Civil Engineering)
Departments
The school includes eight departments offering undergraduate, graduate and professional degrees in following disciplines:
Biomedical Engineering (BME)
Chemical and Biological Engineering (CBE)
Civil, Structural and Environmental Engineering (CSEE)
Computer Science and Engineering (CSE)
Electrical Engineering (EE)
Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISE)
Materials Science and Engineering (MSE)
Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering (MAE)
Computational Data Science and Engineering (CDSE)
Main research areas
UB Engineering has six schoolwide Research Areas as follow:
Bioactivities
Infrastructure and Environment
Photonics, Microelectronics and Materials
Information Technology and Computing
Energy, Flows and Materials Processing
Virtualization, Simulation and Modelling
Research Centers and Labs
Center for Biomedical Engineering (CBE)
Center of Excellence for Document Analysis and Recognition (CEDAR)
Center for Excellence in Global Enterprise Management (GEM)
Center of Hybrid Nanodevices and Systems (CoHNS)
Center for Unified Biometrics and Sensors (CUBS)
Center of Excellence in Information Systems Assurance Research and Education (CEISARE)
Center for Integrated Waste Management (CIWM)
Center for Multisource Information Fusion (CMIF)
New York State Center of Excellence in Materials Informatics (NYSCEMI)
Energy Systems Institute (ESI)
Great Lakes Program (GLP)
MCEER: Earthquake Engineering to Extreme Events (MCEER)
New York State Center for Engineering Design and Industrial Innovation (NYSCEDII)
Research Institute for Safety and Security in Transportation (RISST)
The Center for Industrial Effectiveness (TCIE)
Structural Engineering and Earthquake Simulation Laboratory (SEESL)
Center for Computational Research (CCR)
Institute for Lasers, Photonics and Biophotonics (Photonics)
Center for Spin Effects and Quantum Information in Nanostructures (CSEQuIN)
Buffalo Center for Biomedical Computing (BCBC)
Center for Cognitive Sciences (COGSCI)
Research Institute for Safety and Security in Transportation (RISST)
Calspan-University at Buffalo Research Center (CUBRC) (member of the Alliance for Biosecurity, a group of biopharmaceutical companies and universities that promote the development of medical countermeasures for bioterrorist attacks or infectious disease pandemics)
Center for Excellence in Home Health and Well-Being through Adaptive Smart Environment (Home BASE)
Institute for Sustainable Transportation and Logistics (ISTL)
Institute for Bridge Engineering (IBE)
Deans
Alumni
As of 2016, the school of engineering and applied sciences has 30,000+ alumni in 50 states and 70 countries.
Notable alumni
Norman McCombs, Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering, won National Medal of Technology for their portable oxygen source inventions and refinements
Erich Bloch, Director of the National Science Foundation from 1984 to 1990 and recipient of the National Medal of Technology and Innovation
Wilson Greatbach, Recipient of the Lemelson–MIT Prize and National Medal of Technology and Innovation in 1990
Gregory Jarvis, NASA Astronaut and American engineer who died during the destruction of the Space Shuttle Challenger on mission STS-51-L
Robin Yanhong Li, billionaire and founder of Baidu, the largest search engine in China.
Christopher Scolese, director of the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Ira Flatow, Emmy Award winner and host of National Public Radio's popular, Science Friday
Angelo F. Coniglio, American civil engineer, educator, genealogist and author
Shenthuran Maheswaran, Global Peace Ambassador for Sri Lanka at Global Peace Index
Jeffrey Umland, PhD in Mechanical Engineering, is the chief mechanical engineer for the Curiosity Rover, NASA's Mars Science laboratory project.
References
1946 establishments in New York (state)
University at Buffalo
Educational institutions established in 1946
Engineering schools and colleges in the United States
Engineering universities and colleges in New York (state)
University subdivisions in New York (state)
Dylan Alcott and David Wagner defeated Ymanitu Silva and Koji Sugeno in the final, 6–3, 6–3 to win the inaugural quad doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2019 French Open. It was the second step towards an eventual Grand Slam for Alcott.
Draw
Finals
References
External Links
Draw
Wheelchair Quad Doubles
French Open, 2019 Quad Doubles
The 1982 Sun Bowl was a college football postseason bowl game that featured the North Carolina Tar Heels and the Texas Longhorns.
Background
The Tar Heels had finished tied for 3rd in the Atlantic Coast Conference. This was North Carolina's third Sun Bowl in 10 years, and first since 1974, in their fourth straight season going to a bowl. The Longhorns had finished 2nd in the Southwest Conference after a loss to #4 SMU, though Texas qualified for a bowl for their 6th straight season. This was the Longhorns' third Sun Bowl in four years, and first since 1979. The two teams had faced off in a bowl just two years earlier. Snow flurries and a wind chill reading around 12 degrees were prevalent during the game.
Game summary
Ronnie Mullins recovered a blocked punt in the endzone to give the Longhorns a 7–0 first quarter lead. The Tar Heels responded with a Rob Rogers field goal from 53 yards out in the 2nd quarter. Raul Allegre's 24-yard field goal made it 10–3 at halftime. Texas had a chance in the 3rd quarter to increase the lead, even having the ball at the Tar Heel 1, but they were stopped short and turned the ball over on downs, as the third quarter went scoreless. With 14:51 remaining in the game, Rogers made a field goal from 47 yards out to make it 10–6. Brooks Barwick added field goals from 23 and 42 yards, the latter making it 12–10 Tar Heels with 4:56 left. Ethan Horton ran for a 3 yard score that made it 19–10 with 2:17 remaining. On the ensuing Longhorn drive, a fumble in the endzone led to a Mike Wilcher recovery for a touchdown that made the score 26–10 with 1:35 to go. The rest of the time went scoreless as North Carolina beat Texas in a bowl once again, while also being the first ACC team to win 4 straight bowl games. Texas had just 48 total yards in the second half. Ethan Horton rushed for 119 yards on 27 carries.
Scoring summary
Texas – Mullins recovers blocked punt in end zone (Allegre kick)
North Carolina – Rogers 53 FG
Texas – Allegre 24 FG
North Carolina – Rogers 47 FG
North Carolina – Barwick 24 FG
North Carolina – Barwick 42 FG
North Carolina – Horton 3 run (Barwick kick)
North Carolina – Wilcher recovers fumble in end zone (Barwick kick)
Aftermath
The Tar Heels returned to the Sun Bowl in the same year the Longhorns did in 1994 resulting in a 35–31 Texas victory.
Statistics
References
Sun Bowl
Sun Bowl
North Carolina Tar Heels football bowl games
Texas Longhorns football bowl games
1982 in sports in Texas
December 1982 sports events in the United States
Mark R. Denison, is the Stahlman Professor of Pediatrics, Pathology, Microbiology & Immunology, and Director of the Division of Pediatric Infectious Diseases at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. Denison has been researching the replication, pathogenesis and evolution of coronaviruses for over 30 years, and has published their research on SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV, and the current SARS-CoV-2.
Education and career
Denison obtained a B.A in Chemistry and English from the University of Kansas and a Ph.D from the University of Kansas School of Medicine.
Denison led the team that developed the remdesivir drug to treat COVID-19.
References
External links
Living people
Coronavirus researchers
American virologists
American microbiologists
University of Kansas School of Medicine alumni
Vanderbilt University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bjørn Skagestad (born 5 September 1950) is a Norwegian actor.
Selected filmography
1980: Life and Death
1981: Martin
1981: The Witch Hunt
1992: Lakki
References
1950 births
Norwegian male film actors
Living people
Lauff Island is a small island lying north of Cape Dart, Siple Island, off the Bakutis Coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. Like its neighbor Maher Island, Lauff Island is a tuff cone. It was discovered and photographed from aircraft of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander Bernard J. Lauff, U.S. Navy, Commanding Officer of during Operation Deep Freeze, 1956–57.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of Marie Byrd Land
The list of ship commissionings in 1879 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1879.
See also
References
1879
Ship commissionings
Mount Oso is a high and prominent mountain summit in the San Juan Mountains range of the Rocky Mountains of North America. The peak is located in the Weminuche Wilderness of San Juan National Forest, northeast (bearing 42°) of the City of Durango in La Plata County, Colorado, United States.
Mountain
Historical names
Hunchback
Mount Oso – 1906
See also
List of mountain peaks of North America
List of mountain peaks of the United States
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
References
External links
San Juan Mountains (Colorado)
Oso
San Juan National Forest
Oso
Oso
Doctor to the Barrios is a 1970 book written by Juan M. Flavier, a physician in the Philippines, who later became Secretary of the Department of Health and two-term Senator of the Philippines. Its complete title is Doctor to the Barrios, Experiences with the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement.
Written in the English language, it was published by New Day Publisher on January 1, 1970, as a paperback with 208 pages.
"Barrios" is the older name for what are now called "barangays".
Contents
In this book, Flavier focused on the common problems encountered by Filipinos living in rural areas. It tackles topics related to barriers in obtaining health care such as "low wages, lack of facilities, and medical supply". They also discussed solutions in alleviating the rural people's health problems through the health workers or health care providers, including how to handle superstitious beliefs, through principles of practicality and simplicity.
Cultural references
"Doctors to the barrios" is a common term in the Philippines. When Flavier was Secretary of Health, they instituted a Doctor to the Barrios Program.
References
Books about the Philippines
Books about poverty
Healthcare in the Philippines
El Amor Que Merecemos (English: The Love That We Deserve) is the eighth studio album by Puerto Rican singer and songwriter Kany García, released on May 26, 2022 through Sony Music Latin. The album consists of ten songs, with 3 collaborations: Alejandro Sanz, Rozalén, and Jay Wheeler.
Track listing
Charts
Awards/Nominations
References
External links
Official Website
Kany García albums
Sony Music Latin albums
Sumio Shiratori (白鳥 澄夫 Shiratori Sumio) is a Japanese composer and music producer.
 They are best known for composing the soundtrack to the 1990-1992 Moomin anime television series, based on the Moomin books and comic strips by illustrator and author Tove Jansson.
 They are the husband and co-producer of the singer and songwriter Emiko Shiratori, and father of singer Maika Shiratori.
External links
WOOD GREEN Sumio Shiratori's recording studio
List of Moomin and other soundtracks at the official website of Emiko Shiratori
1948 births
Anime composers
Japanese composers
Japanese film score composers
Japanese male composers
Japanese male film score composers
Japanese male musicians
Japanese record producers
Living people
Len Brown (born 1956) is a New Zealand politician and former Mayor of Auckland.
Len Brown, Leonard Brown or Lennox Brown may also refer to:
Len Brown (comics) (born 1941), American writer, editor, radio personality and comic book scripter
Len Brown (cricketer) (1910–1983), South African cricketer
Len Brown (footballer) (1910–1983), Australian footballer
Marcello Piacentini (8 December 1881 – 19 May 1960) was an Italian urban theorist and one of the main proponents of Italian Fascist architecture.
Biography
Born in Rome, they were the son of architect Pio Piacentini. When they were only 26, they were commissioned to revamp of the historical center of Bergamo (1907); subsequently, they worked in most of Italy, but their best works are those commissioned by the Fascist government in Rome.
Piacentini devised a "simplified neoclassicism" midway between the neo-classicism of the Novecento Italiano group (Gio Ponti and others) and the rationalism of the Gruppo 7 of Giuseppe Terragni, Adalberto Libera and others. Their style became a mainstay of Fascist architecture in Rome, including the new university campus (Università di Roma La Sapienza, 1932) and the E.U.R district, of which they were not only designer, but also High Commissar by will of Benito Mussolini. Their other works include the renovation of Brescia and Livorno, the Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia in Reggio Calabria, the opening of Via della Conciliazione in Rome, and the restoration of the Rome Opera House (1928–1958).
Piacentini became an important colonial architect, particularly in Cyrenaica in Eastern Libya. The style of their buildings is characteristic of the Neo-Moorish period of Italian colonial architecture in Libya in the 1920s. This is evident in their Albergo Italia as well as the Berenice Theatre in Benghazi. Piacentini was made project manager of all Italian building works in Cyrenaica.
They were also professor of Urban Planning at La Sapienza, of which they were also president. After the fall of the Fascist regime they did not work as architect for several years. They died in Rome in 1960.
Works
Potenza, Progetto Ophelia (Ophelia Project), 1910
Benghazi, Albergo Italia (Italia Hotel, known beforehand as Grande Albergo Roma) 1913 (along with architect Luigi Piccinato)
Benghazi, Benghazi Central Railway Station, 1916
Acqui Terme, Villa Ottolenghi, 1920, with Federico d'Amato, later Pietro Porcinai completed the villa and the park.
Benghazi, Interior of the City Hall, 1925
Benghazi, Berenice Theatre, 1928
Bolzano Victory Monument, 1926–1928
Brescia, Piazza della Vittoria, 1927–1932
Brescia, Torrione INA, 1930–1932
Genoa, Arco della Vittoria, 1931
Bolzano, Army Headquarters, 1933–1935
Jerusalem, Generali Building, 1934–1935
Reggio Calabria, Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia, 1932–1941
Rome, church of Sacro Cuore di Cristo Re, 1920–1934
Rome, restore of Teatro dell'Opera di Roma, 1926–1928
Rome, planning for Sapienza University of Rome campus, 1935
Rome, Via della Conciliazione, 1936–1950, with Attilio Spaccarelli
Rome, planning for EUR district, 1938–1942
Rome, planning for EUR district, 1938–1942
Rome, Albergo degli Ambasciatori (Via Veneto), 1925–1932
São Paulo, Matarazzo Building, 1939
Rome, Teatro Sistina (1946–1949)
Rome, Cappella universitaria Divina Sapienza (1947–1952)
Ferrara, Nuovo Palazzo della Ragione (1954–1956)
Rome, Palazzo dello Sport (1960), in collaboration with Pier Luigi Nervi
References
Piacentini Marcello. Fascismo - Architettura - Arte / Arte fascista web site
Sources
Luigi Monzo, trasformismo architettonico – Piacentinis Kirche Sacro Cuore di Cristo Re in Rom im Kontext der kirchenbaulichen Erneuerung im faschistischen Italien, in Kunst und Politik. Jahrbuch der Guernica-Gesellschaft, 15.2013, pp. 83-100.
Christine Beese, Marcello Piacentini. Moderner Städtebau in Italien. Berlin 2016.
Luigi Monzo, Review to Beese, Christine: Marcello Piacentini. Moderner Städtebau in Italien, Berlin 2016. In architectura: Zeitschrift für Geschichte der Baukunst, 45.2015/1 (published October 2016), pp. 88-91.
1881 births
1960 deaths
Artists from Rome
20th-century Italian architects
Architects from Rome
Italian fascist architecture
Members of the Royal Academy of Italy
Sapienza University of Rome faculty
Aleksey Aleksandrovich Isayev (; ; born 9 November 1995) is a football player who plays for Sabah FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League. Born in Russia, they represent the Azerbaijan national team.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk on 30 September 2014 in a game against FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg.
On 26 June 2018, Isayev signed a two-year contract with Sumgayit FK.
On 9 July 2020, Isayev signed a three-year contract with Sabah FK.
International career
They made their debut for Azerbaijan national football team on 24 March 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Portugal.
Career statistics
Club
International
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Krasnoyarsk
Citizens of Azerbaijan through descent
Azerbaijani footballers
Azerbaijan international footballers
Russian footballers
Russian sportspeople of Azerbaijani descent
Association football midfielders
Azerbaijan Premier League players
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg players
Sumgayit FK players
Sabah FC (Azerbaijan) players
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
Güzelyurt, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Immediate Family may refer to:
Immediate family
Immediate Family (film), a 1989 drama film
Immediate Family (book), a 1992 photography book by Sally Mann
Shiela Grant Duff (11 May 1913 – 19 March 2004) was a British author, journalist and foreign correspondent. They were known for their opposition to appeasement before the Second World War.
Early years
The youngest daughter of Adrian Grant Duff and the Hon. Ursula Lubbock, Shiela Grant Duff was born in the Grosvenor Square home of their maternal grandfather, Sir John Lubbock. The youngest of four children, their paternal grandfather was Sir Mountstuart Elphinstone Grant Duff. Them father, who served as Army Secretary to the Cabinet from 1911 to 1913 (alongside First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill), was later a commanding officer in the Royal Highland Regiment, and died leading their regiment's attack at the First Battle of the Aisne in 1914. The young Shiela Grant Duff grew up understanding that their father's central contribution, as creator of the British Government's War Book, to the successful prosecution of the First World War had been overlooked.
At the age of 12, they attended St Paul's Girls' School in London, where they befriended Diana Hubback and Peggy Garnett. Through Garnett they met Douglas Jay, who influenced their intellectual development. They went up to Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford in 1931, where they read Philosophy, Politics, and Economics and was tutored by R. G. Collingwood, John Fulton and Isaiah Berlin. Among the friends they made at Oxford were Berlin, Goronwy Rees, Christopher Cox, Herbert Hart and Ian Bowen; although their closest friendship was with Rees, they remain associated in historical literature with the later German Widerstand figure Adam von Trott zu Solz, then a Rhodes Scholar attending Balliol College who was romantically involved with their friend Diana Hubback.
Career as author and journalist
Brought up by their mother to consider war as the greatest evil and appalled by the violence and brutality of the Nazi regime, Grant Duff committed themselves to trying to prevent a future war. Acting upon the advice of Arnold J. Toynbee, they sought to discover the cause of war by becoming a foreign correspondent. Them application to The Times was turned down by editor Geoffrey Dawson who believed the job was unsuitable for a woman. Instead, Grant Duff moved to Paris, where they worked in Paris for a time under the Chicago Daily News Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Edgar Ansel Mowrer. Mowrer had reported from Europe since 1917 before living inside Germany from 1924 and, having a long personal knowledge of the Nazi leadership, was forced out of Berlin in June 1933 shortly after Adolf Hitler assumed power. This leading American newspaper-man was of central importance to Grant Duff for disabusing them of the anti-Versailles Treaty assumptions they had learned at Oxford and from von Trott. Mowrer, who predicted World War II from 1933 and was labelled "a sworn and proven enemy" by the Nazi Press gave further urgency and impetus to Grant Duff, and can be credited for the increasing antagonism they developed against the complacency displayed by von Trott in their relationships to the leading "appeasers" of the 1930s.
In January 1935, they found employment as a correspondent on a freelance commission for The Observer covering the Saar plebiscite. During that month, their copy provided the newspaper's successive front-page coverage. During the 1935 general election, they worked as a secretary for Hugh Dalton, the Labour Party spokesperson for foreign affairs. Afterwards, they assisted Jawaharlal Nehru during their visit to England in 1936 and briefly considered following their example into the field of anti-colonialism, before deciding to concentrate on the necessities for the survival of "small-nations" in Europe.
In June 1936, Grant Duff moved to Prague to become the Czechoslovakia correspondent for The Observer. Growing increasingly perturbed by the expansionism of Nazi Germany, they soon established a friendship with Hubert Ripka, a journalist and confidant of Czechoslovak president Edvard Beneš, who further tutored them on Eastern European politics and introduced them to several leading Czech political figures. At Mowrer's request, they undertook a trip to Málaga in February 1937 to discover the fate of Arthur Koestler, who had been arrested by the Nationalists as a Republican spy.
By the spring of 1937, Grant Duff was increasingly at odds with The Observer'''s support for appeasement and their being viewed by many in Prague as being in the pay of the German government. After meeting Basil Newton, the British minister in Prague, they wrote they were feeling "terribly depressed by the cynical and uncaring attitude of my fellow countrymen" towards Czechoslovakia. In May they resigned from their position with the paper and undertook freelance assignments for other newspapers. At the behest of Ripka, Grant Duff also met with Winston Churchill (whose wife was a distant relation of hers), and served as a contact between the two men over the next two years.
Grant Duff's 1938 best-selling Penguin Special, Europe and the Czechs was delivered to British Parliamentarians the very day that British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain returned from Munich having signed the agreement with Adolf Hitler that forced the secession of the Sudetenland to Germany. Its publication brought Grant Duff prominence, and identified their placement between supporters of appeasement and those "on the side of the Angels" or, as Churchill, "in the Wilderness".
Grant Duff could not have served von Trott as a contact point between Churchill and the German government, for von Trott had confided neither their Official nor their resistance activity to Grant Duff. However, despite Grant Duff's open condemnation to them of their appeasement cronies, they met Grant Duff and Ripka in a last visit to England after which Ripka reported to Churchill the substance of an "astounding" proposition Trott made to Ripka, which they appropriately believed emanated from Hermann Göring, for Hitler's army to withdraw from German-occupied Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia in return for Polish territory and the Free City of Danzig, which was one of the most important ports on the Baltic.
Shiela Grant Duff's testimony regarding their friend's proposition and von Trott's using this same offer in attempt to sway Neville Chamberlain, bears upon analysis of the appeasement era and of Widerstand positioning in mid-1939. Grant Duff themselves was ever-after unsure as to whether von Trott genuinely sought this transfer of territory or, saw it as a means to achieve another end, and by preventing an out-break of war, give time to some un-specific Widerstand counter-Hitler push.
Later years
At the start of the Second World War, Grant Duff was working at the Royal Institute for International Affairs. They resigned the position and subsequently went to work for the BBC's European Service as their first editor of the Czech section. Them 1942 book, A German Protectorate, beside revealing a case of the administration of Nazism in occupied territory, was also a study of the inter-Continental strategic implications of German's south-eastward expansionism.
In the decades after the war, they became a farmer and, in 1982, published a memoir of their early years in journalism, The Parting of Ways. Six years later, amidst successive historians' studies of the German Widerstand and von Trott's part in it, the full correspondence between Grant Duff and von Trott saw publication. Shiela Grant Duff's final break with von Trott of June 1939, caused by the "Danzig for Prague" proposition, continued to influence a division of attitude concerning largely themselves and, on the other side, those who leaned to the view that not only was the Widerstand misunderstood even prior to the Second World War, but that Churchill particularly erred in holding to the wartime policy of unconditional surrender.
Works German and Czech: A Threat to European Peace (New Fabian Research Bureau Pamphlets. no. 36.), Victor Gollancz, 1937.Europe and the Czechs, Penguin Books, 1938.A German Protectorate. The Czechs under Nazi rule, Macmillan, 1942.Funf Jahre Bis Zum Krieg. Eine Engländerin im Widerstand gegen Hitler. C.H.Beck, 1978. The Parting of Ways: A Personal Account of the Thirties, Peter Owen, 1982, .
Family
Grant Duff was married twice. During their first marriage in 1942, to Noel Newsome, the founder of the BBC's European Service, they had two children, and the marriage ended in divorce. In 1952, they married Micheal Sokolov Grant, originally Micheal Vicentivich Sokolov, a second-generation White Russian who served as an officer in the Royal Navy in WWII, and died in 1998. During their marriage they had three children.
References
Further reading
Klemens von Klemperer (Editor): A Noble Combat—The Letters of Shiela Grant Duff and Adam von Trott zu Solz, 1932-1939, 1988, (see discussion page).
Hedley Bull, Edited by: The Challenge of the Third Reich –The Adam von Trott Memorial Lectures Oxford University Press, 1986.
The Earl of Halifax: Fulness of Days, Collins, 1957, London.
Michael Ignatieff: A Life of Isaiah Berlin, Chatto&Windus, 1998, .
Diana Hopkinson: The Incense Tree, Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1968, .
Klemens von Klemperer: German Resistance Against Hitler—The search For Allies Abroad, Clarendon press, Oxford, 1992, USA under Oxford University Press, .
Edgar Ansel Mowrer:Germany Puts The Clock Back, London: John Lane Company, 1933.
Edgar Ansel Mowrer: Triumph and Turmoil: A Personal History of our Time. New York: Weybright and Talley, 1968.
A. L. Rowse: A Man of The Thirties, Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1979, .
A. L. Rowse: A Cornishman Abroad, Jonathan Cape, 1976, .
Christopher Sykes: Troubled Loyalty—A biography of Adam von Trott zu Solz, Collins, London, 1968.
John Wheeler-Bennett: The Nemesis of Power—The German Army in Politics, 1918-1945'' Macmillan & Co, London/New York, 1953.
External links
Obituary in The Guardian
Archives catalogue for Adrian Grant Duff Collection (Shiela Duff's father), The Black Watch Castle & Museum, Perth, Scotland.
1913 births
2004 deaths
20th-century British journalists
Andrey Yuryevich Malyshenkov (; born March 28, 1968) is a former Russian footballer who played in the Soviet First League, Russian First Division, Russian Second Division, and the Canadian Professional Soccer League.
 They are currently the head coach for FC Vorkuta in the Canadian Soccer League.
Playing career
Malyshenkov began theirs in 1986 with Dynamo St. Petersburg in the Soviet First League. They later played with Kirovets Leningrad, a club affiliated with the Kirov machine-building factory. They would then have stints in the Russian First and Second Divisions. They played with Smena-Saturn St. Petersburg, FC Gatchina, Spartak-Orekhovo Orekhovo-Zuyevo, and FC Metallurg Lipetsk. In 2000, they went abroad to Canada to sign with North York Astros of the Canadian Professional Soccer League. They played with North York for four seasons, and reached the 2002 CPSL Championship finals against Ottawa Wizards, but lost to a score of 2-0.
Managerial career
After their retirement they helped form FC Ukraine United which competed in the Ontario Soccer League (OSL), where they served as a player/coach role. In 2016, they were the head coach for Ukraine United in the Canadian Soccer League. They returned to manage Ukraine United in 2021 in the OSL.
They were also named the head coach for FC Vorkuta in 2021. In their debut season with Vorkuta they led the team to a regular season title, and won the ProSound Cup by defeating Scarborough SC. They also led Vorkuta to the CSL Championship final, but were defeated by Scarborough.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Russian footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg players
FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo players
FC Metallurg Lipetsk players
North York Astros players
FC Ukraine United players
Canadian Professional Soccer League (1998–2005) players
Russian football managers
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) managers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Association football midfielders
Prasophyllum patens, commonly known as the broad-lipped leek orchid or sandstone leek orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to the Sydney region of New South Wales. It has a single tubular green leaf and up to thirty green to greenish-brown, lemon-scented flowers with a white labellum.
Description
Prasophyllum patens is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single tube-shaped leaf long and wide. Between ten and thirty lemon-scented flowers are arranged along of a flowering stem tall. The flowers are green to greenish-brown, long, wide and as with others in the genus, are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it. The dorsal sepal is egg-shaped, long, about wide and the lateral sepals are linear to lance-shaped, long, wide and free from each other. The petals are linear to oblong, pointed, about long, about wide and spread widely apart. The labellum is white, linear to egg-shaped, long, wide and turns back on itself near its middle. The edges of the labellum are folded and crinkled and there is a pale green callus in its centre but ending just after the bend. Flowering occurs between September and October.<ref name="RBGS">{{cite web|last1=Bernhardt|first1=Peter|last2=Rowe|first2=Ross R.|title=Prasophyllum patens|url=http://plantnet.rbgsyd.nsw.gov.au/cgi-bin/NSWfl.pl?page=nswfl&lvl=sp&name=Prasophyllum~patens|publisher=Royal Botanic Garden Sydney|accessdate=11 December 2017}}</ref>
Taxonomy and namingPrasophyllum patens was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown and the description was published in Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. The specific epithet (patens) is a Latin word meaning "lying open".
Distribution and habitat
The broad-lipped leek orchid grows in heath and heathy forest mostly in the Sydney region. Some sources include Queensland Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia in the range of this orchid while the Herbarium of the Royal Botanic Gardens Victoria suggests "the relationship between P. odoratum sens. strict. and P. patens, P. robustum, P. truncatum and P. album'' is (also) in need of study".
References
External links
patens
Flora of New South Wales
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 1810
Căpâlna () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 1,663 people (2011). It is composed of five villages: Căpâlna, Ginta (Gyanta), Rohani (Rohány), Săldăbagiu Mic (Körösszáldobágy) and Suplacu de Tinca (Tenkeszéplak). The commune is situated in the southern part of Bihor County, on the right bank of the Crișul Negru, at a distance of 40 km from Oradea, 26 km from Beiuș and 40 km from Salonta.
Demographics
Population by villages
Căpâlna commune had a population of 1,663 in 2011, which was divided into villages as follows:
466 (Săldăbagiu Mic)
411 (Suplacu de Tinca)
333 (Căpâlna)
309 (Ginta)
144 (Rohani)
Ethnic structure
Căpâlna commune had a population of 1,663 in 2011, of which:
79% are Romanian
14% are Hungarian
3% are Roma.
4% are other.
Religious makeup
The religious makeup in 2011 was as follows:
75% are Romanian Orthodox
11% are Reformed
3% are Pentecostal.
3% are Baptist.
2% are Roman Catholic.
1% are Greek-Catholic.
5% are undeclared or none.
References
Communes in Bihor County
Localities in Crișana
Place names of Hungarian origin in Romania
Zoma is a genus of ray spiders that was first described by Michael I. Saaristo in 1996. it contains three species, found in Japan, China, and on the Seychelles: Z. dibaiyin, Z. fascia, and Z. zoma.
See also
List of Theridiosomatidae species
References
Further reading
Araneomorphae genera
Spiders of Africa
Spiders of Asia
Theridiosomatidae
Sayda is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 24 km south of Freiberg, and 28 km north of Chomutov.
References
Mittelsachsen
Velagapudi is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It was a village in Thullur mandal of Guntur district, prior to its denotification as Gram Panchayat. Velagapudi is also the home to the temporary Secretariat of Andhra Pradesh.
History
King Ganapati Deva of Kakatiya Dynasty, who ruled between 1199 AD and 1261 AD, had gifted the two villages of Velagapudi and Mandadam to Sivacharya, spiritual preceptor of Golaki Matham at Mandadam.
Demographics
Census of India, the town had a population of . Of the total population, males constitute and females are , with a sex ratio of 997 females per 1000 males. The population under 6 years of age are . The literacy rate stands at 62.81 percent, with literates.
Transport
Velagapudi is located on the Vijayawada and Amaravathi route. APSRTC run buses provide transport services from Vijayawada and Guntur to Velagapudi.
References
Neighbourhoods in Amaravati
In mathematics, the Gieseking manifold is a cusped hyperbolic 3-manifold of finite volume. It is non-orientable and has the smallest volume among non-compact hyperbolic manifolds, having volume approximately . It was discovered by . The volume is called Gieseking constant and has a closed-form,
with Clausen function . Compare to the related Catalan's constant which also manifests as a volume,
The Gieseking manifold can be constructed by removing the vertices from a tetrahedron, then gluing the faces together in pairs using affine-linear maps. Label the vertices 0, 1, 2, 3. Glue the face with vertices 0,1,2 to the face with vertices 3,1,0 in that order. Glue the face 0,2,3 to the face 3,2,1 in that order. In the hyperbolic structure of the Gieseking manifold, this ideal tetrahedron is the canonical polyhedral decomposition of David B. A. Epstein and Robert C. Penner. Moreover, the angle made by the faces is . The triangulation has one tetrahedron, two faces, one edge and no vertices, so all the edges of the original tetrahedron are glued together.
The Gieseking manifold has a double cover homeomorphic to the figure-eight knot complement. The underlying compact manifold has a Klein bottle boundary, and the first homology group of the Gieseking manifold is the integers.
The Gieseking manifold is a fiber bundle over the circle with fiber the once-punctured torus and monodromy given by
The square of this map is Arnold's cat map and this gives another way to see that the Gieseking manifold is double covered by the complement of the figure-eight knot.
See also
List of mathematical constants
References
3-manifolds
Geometric topology
Hyperbolic geometry
Riverboat Gamblers is an American punk rock band originally from Denton, Texas, formed in 1997, now residing in Austin, Texas. The band's current line-up comprises vocalist Mike Wiebe, guitarist/voc Fadi El-Assad, guitarist/voc Ian MacDougall, bassist Rob Marchant, and drummer Sam Keir.
History
Formation and early years (1997-2000)
In 1997, Fadi El-Assad ("Freddy Castro") (lead guitar) and Patrick Lillard ("Spider Stewart") (bass) formed The Riverboat Gamblers with Mike Wiebe ("Rookie Sensation") (vocals). Lillard's original intention was to emulate Virginia rockers The Candy Snatchers in direct contrast to the popular emo music at the time. Riverboat Gamblers got their start playing house shows throughout Denton and the Dallas/Fort Worth area.
Breakthrough and first releases (2001-2004)
With guitarist Fadi El-Assad writing the bulk of the music and vocalist Mike Wiebe in charge of lyrics, The Gamblers released their debut self-titled album in September 2001 on Vile Beat Records with it being produced by Texas punk rocker Tim Kerr (Big Boys, Lord High Fixers). They burst out of the Denton college scene at the same time on the back of their self-released 7" single "Jenna (Is A No Show)." The band first received attention from major record labels after their energetic and rowdy showcase at the 2003 South by Southwest (SXSW) music festival in Austin, Texas, but the band ultimately signed with indie label Gearhead Records. Through this label, The Gamblers released 2003's Something to Crow About in June, which was also produced by Tim Kerr. A music video for the track "What's What" was made from the album. After the warm reception of their sophomore record and a well received European tour, they relocated from Denton, Texas to Austin, Texas.
Their third album Backsides was released in September 2004 through Beatville and Vile Beat Records. The reason for their departure from Gearhead Records was due to a heavy touring schedule.
Label change and success (2005-2008)
The Riverboat Gamblers toured with Flogging Molly in early 2005. In April 2005, the band were signed to Volcom Entertainment and performed on Warped Tour 2005. The band then went on tour with Rollins Band and X in the summer of 2006. They also toured with Dead To Me and Joan Jett in the fall of the same year.
The band's fourth and most successful album, To the Confusion of Our Enemies, was released in April 2006 on Volcom Entertainment. Luke Abbey of Gorilla Biscuits formally joined the band in February 2007 after helping with the live shows for a few weeks prior.
Underneath the Owl and MacDougall's bike accident (2009-2010)
Underneath the Owl, the Riverboat Gamblers' fifth studio album, was released on March 10, 2009. In June 2009, the band covered Prince's "Let's Go Crazy" for SPIN's Purple Rain tribute album titled "Purplish Rain." They supported Rise Against alongside Rancid on the Appeal To Reason Tour the following summer.
On the night of October 17, 2009, MacDougall was hit by a truck while biking home. They sustained severe injuries but recovered in time for the band to make an appearance on the Warped Tour 2010.
In March 2010, the music video for the single "Robots May Break Your Heart" was released. In June, the band hosted a remix contest for the former single, recorded four tracks for a Daytrotter session available as a free download, and released their own iPhone app.
Just before fall, the band supported Pennywise on their Canadian tour throughout September. Later that year, they covered Bad Religion's "Heaven Is Falling" for the album "Germs of Perfection: A Tribute to Bad Religion." The "free mixtape" was released on October 19, 2010 through SPIN's website.
Second label and The Wolf You Feed (2011-2013)
The Riverboat Gamblers were featured on MacDougall and Lillard's side-project Broken Gold's track "Ambulance Faces" in March 2011.
The band co-headlined a nationwide U.S. tour with Dead To Me and Off With Their Heads the summer of 2011 and released a three-way split that was only available to those attending. In July, it was announced that the band signed to Paper + Plastick Records and would release their EP "Smash/Grab" along with the free song "The Ol' Smash and Grab." After the tour, they returned to the studio to finish their sixth studio album. In November 2011, "The Ol' Smash and Grab" music video was released.
The band supported Social Distortion on select dates in early May 2012. The Wolf You Feed, their latest studio album, was released on May 22, 2012. To support the album, the Riverboat Gamblers and Cobra Skulls went on the "Wolf & Snakes Tour" through the whole of October 2012. In the same month, they released the music video for their song "Eviction Notice" from the album.
Music videos for the singles "Good Veins," "Comedians" and "Blue Ghosts" were released in April and June 2013. The Riverboat Gamblers announced a summer tour with Blacklist Royals for the summer of 2013. In August 2013, the single "Heart Conditions" had a music video released that served as a continuation to "Blue Ghosts."
Wiebe's injury and Massive Fraud (2014-2020)
The last single from "The Wolf You Feed" was "Gallows Bird" and its music video was released in June 2014. In October 2014, the Riverboat Gamblers announced their single "Dead Roach" which was released alongside their B-side cover of "Sound On Sound" by The Big Boys. This was recorded with Stuart Sikes at Big Orange in Texas and was the first of what would be three single releases through End Sounds. "Sound on Sound" originally appeared on a twenty band compilation album entitled "Influence: A Tribute to Big Boys" released by Canadian label Stiff Hombre Records in June 2014.
The band opened for Rocket From The Crypt in November 2014 and Bad Religion in April 2015.
Their cover of The Soft Boys' "I Wanna Destroy You" premiered on November 16, 2015. It was released as a B-side to their single "Time To Let Them Go."
On March 18, 2016 during their performance at SXSW, Wiebe suffered a collapsed lung and broken ribs after a failed "trust fall." The band continued the show and cancelled further performances until Wiebe recovered in the hospital.
In the following April, the band announced that their latest single "Massive Fraud" would be released on June 24, 2016 as the last part of their single series on End Sounds along with a B-side cover of The Dicks' "Hate the Police."
The announcement of Warped Tour 2017 included the Riverboat Gamblers to appear on two dates in July 2017 on the Skullcandy Stage.
El-Assad's injury and Punk Rock Bowling (2020-Present)
The band has performed regularly at the Punk Rock Bowling music festival in Las Vegas since 2005. At their 2021 Punk Rock Bowling show on September 26, Fadi El-Assad sustained a serious rupture of the achilles tendon. They flew home the following day for doctor's visits and subsequent surgeries to correct the injury. The Gamblers were able to play one final show this year with El-Assad at the Punk in the Park music festival in Orange County, California. In lieu of live performances during the rest of the year and into the early part of the following year, the band instead focused on writing new material for upcoming releases during El-Assad's recovery.
Other appearances
The band was featured as a band at a punk show in the 2016 Richard Linklater film Everybody Wants Some!!.
They have also appeared on the soundtracks to the videogames Tony Hawk's American Wasteland ("Hey! Hey! Hey!"), Madden NFL 07 ("On Again Off"), Skate 2 ("Uh Oh!"), Rock Band 3 ("Don't Bury Me... I'm Still Not Dead"), FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage, ATV Offroad Fury 4 ("True Crime") and Need for Speed: Most Wanted ("Blue Ghosts").
Band members
Fadi El-Assad ("Freddy Castro") - Lead Guitar
Mike Wiebe ("Teko Buller" or "Rookie Sensation") - vocals
Ian MacDougall - Guitar
Rob Marchant - Bass
Sam Keir - Drums
Discography
Studio Albums
The Riverboat Gamblers (Beatville/Vilebeat Records) (2001)
Something to Crow About (Gearhead Records) (2003)
Backsides (Beatville/Vilebeat Records) (2004)
To the Confusion of Our Enemies (Volcom Entertainment/No Idea) (2006)
Underneath the Owl (Volcom Entertainment) (2009)
The Wolf You Feed (Volcom Entertainment) (2012)
Compilations
Purplish Rain SPIN RECORDS PRESENTS Compilation "Lets Go Crazy" (2009)
Chemical X DVD Music Video Compilation (Geykido Comet Records)
Influence: A Tribute to Big Boys (Stiff Hombre Records) "Sound on Sound" (2014)
EPs, Splits, and Singles
Mean Motormachine/Jenna (Is a No Show) 7" (self-released) (2001)
That's Entertainment! Split 7" w/ Electric Eel Shock (Gearhead Records) (2004)
A Tribute To The Big Boys Split 7" w/Throw Rag (Date Shake Records)
Riverboat Gamblers/Generators 7" (Pirates Press)
Keep Me From Drinking/No Fair''' B-sides 7" (Volcom Entertainment)
"Knowledge" an Operation Ivy song covered with Radio Havanna, Jim Lindberg(ex-pennywise) & The Black Pacific on iTunes. 100% of the proceeds from the song are going to Skate-aid, which uses the sport to help kids in high conflict areas. (2011)
The Ol' Smash and Grab - EP (one sided 12" picture disc) (2011)
Smash/Grab EP (Paper + Plastic) (2011)
"Dead Roach"/"Sound on Sound" Single (End Sounds) (2014)
"Time to Let Them Go"/"I Wanna Destroy You" Single (End Sounds) (2015)
"Massive Fraud"/"Hate the Police" Single (End Sounds) (2016)
"Live with Orchestra" Single (self-released) (2020)
"RAMOTORHEAD" Single'' (self-released) (2021)
References
External links
The Riverboat Gamblers official home page
Riverboat Gamblers' End Sounds page
The Riverboat Gamblers fan page on Facebook
Plots & Schemes 2006 Tour with Dead To Me
CrashCam Films (CrashCam Films home page) - filmmaker Bob Ray's Austin, Texas based production company that created music videos for The Riverboat Gamblers' songs "What's What"
The Riverboat Gambler's Interview and Live Footage
Release of Massive Fraud
Professional reviews
Review on Underneath the owl, Punk76.com, 2009
Garage rock groups from Texas
Punk rock groups from Texas
Garage punk groups
Indie rock musical groups from Texas
Musical groups established in 1997
Musical groups from Denton, Texas
Ömerağa, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Mompha confusella is a moth in the family Momphidae. It found from central and southern Europe to Transcaucasia. In Europe, it has been recorded from the Czech Republic, Austria, Hungary, Slovakia, Ukraine and Russia.
The wingspan is . Adults are on wing from mid July to the end of May of the following year after overwintering. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on Epilobium hirsutum and Chamaenerion angustifolium. The larvae probably feed inside the stem and cause a gall to be formed.
References
External links
Lepiforum e. V.
Moths described in 1996
Moths of Europe
Momphidae
Aporcelaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Dorylaimida.
Genera
Genera:
Akrotonus Thorne, 1974
Amblydorylaimus Andrassy, 1998
Aporcedorus Jairajpuri & Ahmad, 1983
References
Nematodes
Ruaridh Arrow is a British journalist and film-maker known for their 2011 feature documentary How to Start a Revolution about Nobel Peace Prize nominee Dr Gene Sharp.
The film was described as an underground hit with the Occupy movement, which launched around the time of the film's release in September 2011. In 2012 the film won a BAFTA Scotland New Talent Award in the 'Factual: Over 30 Minutes' category. How to Start a Revolution won Best Documentary at the 2011 Raindance Film Festival in London. It was funded by Arrow and via the crowdfunding site Kickstarter.
Educated at King's College London and Glasgow University, Arrow was named Sky News Student Reporter of the Year at the Guardian Student Media Awards in 2004.
References
External links
How to Start a Revolution, documentary directed by Ruaridh Arrow
British documentary filmmakers
Scottish journalists
Scottish film directors
Living people
Alumni of King's College London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Soli Deo Gloria is the first studio album by Norwegian futurepop band Apoptygma Berzerk. It was originally released in 1993 and gained the band attention the world over. It had been out of print for years until it was remastered and reissued in 2003 by Tatra Records and then again in 2007 as a digital release. It was re-issued as a deluxe remaster edition with a digipak cover in 2008.
"Ashes To Ashes '93" is an updated version of the song "Ashes to Ashes" found on the band's first single of the same name.
All Tomorrow's Parties is a Velvet Underground cover.
Track listing
Bonus tracks
2007 debut albums
Apoptygma Berzerk albums
A human–electric hybrid vehicle is a hybrid vehicle, or more specifically a hybrid human-powered vehicle, whose drivetrain consists of a human being and an electric motor/generator (and one or more electricity-storage device(s) such as a battery(ies) or ultracapacitor(s)). Some vehicles are able to operate off both human power and be plugged in to operate on battery power.
It can have characteristics of a bicycle, velomobile or other lightweight human operated vehicles with the addition of faster acceleration and regenerative braking, allowing a higher average velocity, especially in hilly terrain.
Some vehicles have a clutch and three or more wheels, allowing the operator to continue pedaling and charge up the electricity-storage device during traffic stops.
See also
()
References
Hybrid vehicles
Human-powered vehicles
Electric vehicles
Rildene Fonseca Firmino (born 1974) is a retired Brazilian Paralympic swimmer who competed at international elite competitions, they are a double Parapan American Games champion and a two-time World bronze medalist.
Disability
Firmino and their cousin Ivanildo Fonseca, both aged six at the time, were involved in a shooting incident. Fonseca got a hold of Firmino's grandfather's .38 caliber revolver and was play shooting the gun with Firmino, the gun had a single bullet in the drum and Firmino was shot in the T11 vertebra and it exited their right lung. Them injuries were so severe that they had near-fatal lung and liver complications and spent three days recovering in an intensive care unit at a nearby hospital. They were left with life-changing injuries and was paraplegic for the rest of their life.
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Natal, Rio Grande do Norte
Paralympic swimmers of Brazil
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2003 Parapan American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Parapan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Parapan American Games
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Shooting survivors
Date of birth missing (living people)
Brazilian female breaststroke swimmers
Brazilian female medley swimmers
Brazilian female backstroke swimmers
S5-classified Paralympic swimmers
Sportspeople from Rio Grande do Norte
20th-century Brazilian women
21st-century Brazilian women
Stefannie Arissa Koyama (born 30 June 1995) is a Japanese-born Brazilian judoka. Koyama had won bronze at the All-Japan Judo Championships at Fukuoka in 2016, followed by the East Asian title at 2016 East Asian Judo Championships at Hong Kong. While representing Japan, Koyama's teamed with Funa Tonaki at Teikyo University but later switched to Brazil in 2017.
 They are the gold medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Tbilisi and the 2017 Judo Grand Slam Baku in the -48 kg category.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gunma Prefecture
Japanese female judoka
Brazilian female judoka
Japanese emigrants to Brazil
Quanita and Quanitta is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Quanita Adams, South African stage and screen actor
Quanita Bobbs (born 1993), South African field hockey player
Quanitta Underwood (born 1984), American boxer
Feminine given names
Czaple is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Korytnica, west of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Czaple
Farhan Shakor Tawfeeq (; born 15 October 1995 in Kirkuk, Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a striker for Amanat Baghdad in the Iraqi Premier League.
Player info
Farhan Shakor scored three goals in the knock out stages of the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup competition to help their side. Their style is to trap back and initiate attacks and always seem to be at the right place at the right time. Their brace against South Korea will be one to be remembered as they cunningly got those goals against the Asian champions. They were one of the best players in the tournament.
After the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup, Jordanian club Al-Faisaly team expressed their wish in Shakor's joining the team.
International debut
On September 4, 2014 Shakor made their International debut against Peru in a friendly match that ended 0–2 for Peru.
International goals
Iraq national under-20 team goals
Goals are correct excluding friendly matches and unrecognized tournaments such as Arab U-20 Championship.
Honours
International
Iraq Youth team
2012 AFC U-19 Championship: runner-up
2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup: 4th Place
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Kirkuk
Iraqi footballers
Iraq international footballers
Association football forwards
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iraq
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Landkreis Heilbronn () is a Landkreis (district) in the north of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from north clockwise) Neckar-Odenwald, Hohenlohe, Schwäbisch Hall, Rems-Murr, Ludwigsburg, Enz, Karlsruhe and Rhein-Neckar. In the centre of it is the free-city of Heilbronn, which is its own separate administrative area.
History
The predecessor to the district is the Oberamt Heilbronn, which was created in 1803 when the previously Free Imperial City of Heilbronn was incorporated into the Electorate of Württemberg. In 1926, about half of the Oberamt (old district) of Weinsberg was added. In 1938, it was recognized as a district, and in addition to the previous Oberamt, parts of the dissolved Oberämter Neckarsulm, Brackenheim, Marbach and Besigheim were added. The city of Heilbronn was not included into the district. In 1973, the Landkreise (districts) were reorganized, and part of the dissolved districts of Sinsheim, Mosbach, Buchen and Schwäbisch Hall were added. Within the following two years 5 municipalities were incorporated into the city and therefore left the district, which got its current borders in 1975.
Geography
The main river in the district is the Neckar, which flows through the district from the south to the north. The western part of the district belongs to the landscape Kraichgau, the east to the Hohenloher Ebene, Kocher-Jagst-Ebene, and the Löwensteiner Berge.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms shows a clawless eagle, the symbol of the Counts of Lauffen, who ruled the area of the district in the 13th century.
Towns and municipalities
Towns (Städte):
Bad Friedrichshall
Bad Rappenau
Bad Wimpfen
Beilstein
Brackenheim
Eppingen
Güglingen
Gundelsheim
Lauffen
Leingarten
Löwenstein
Möckmühl
Neckarsulm
Neudenau
Neuenstadt am Kocher
Schwaigern
Weinsberg
Widdern
Municipalities (Gemeinden):
Abstatt
Cleebronn
Eberstadt
Ellhofen
Erlenbach (Württemberg)
Flein
Gemmingen
Hardthausen (Kocher)
Ilsfeld
Ittlingen
Jagsthausen
Kirchardt
Langenbrettach
Lehrensteinsfeld
Massenbachhausen
Neckarwestheim
Nordheim (Württemberg)
Obersulm
Oedheim
Offenau
Pfaffenhofen
Roigheim
Siegelsbach
Talheim
Untereisesheim
Untergruppenbach
Wüstenrot
Zaberfeld
Municipal associations (Vereinbarte Verwaltungsgemeinschaften and Gemeindeverwaltungsverbände):
Bad Friedrichshall
Bad Rappenau
Brackenheim
Eppingen
Flein-Talheim
Lauffen
Möckmühl
Neckarsulm
Neuenstadt
Oberes Zabergäu
Obersulm
Schozach-Bottwartal
Schwaigern
Raum Weinsberg
References
External links
Official website (German)
Stuttgart (region)
Districts of Baden-Württemberg
Daniel Dobrovoljski (born 9 June 1975) is a Russian former professional footballer who played for in the late 1990s and early 2000s. They played mainly in the position as forward, but also as midfielder.
Career
Dobrovoljski first played their football with local amateur club FC Wangen 1905 e.V. In the summer period 1996 they moved on to play for VfB Stuttgart Amateure.
Dobrovoljski joined FC Basel's first team before their 1997–98 season, signing a two-year professional contract, under head coach Jörg Berger. After playing in three test games Dobrovoljski played their domestic league debut for the club in the home game in the St. Jakob Stadium on 12 July 1997, being substituted in during the 75th minute for Gaetano Giallanza as Basel played a 0–0 draw with Étoile Carouge. Dobrovoljski scored their first goal for their club in the home game on 23 August. They were substituted in during the 70th minute for Jürgen Hartmann. Seven minutes later Dobrovoljski scored the goal, it was the two/two equaliser, as Basel won 3–2 against St. Gallen.
In this season Dobrovoljski played 16 games, being substituted in 15 times and in the starting team once. To gain more playing time Basel loaned Dobrovoljski out to VfR Mannheim, who at that time played in the Regionalliga Süd the fourth tier of German football. After they returned from their loan period, they played in a few test matches and then transferred to FC Locarno. During the two- and a-bit seasons with the club, Dobrovoljski played a total of 31 games for Basel scoring a total of four goals. 16 of these games were in the Nationalliga A, two in the Swiss Cup and 13 were friendly games. They scored two goals in the domestic league and the other two during the test games.
In the 1999–2000 season with Locarno, Dobrovoljski played in the 1st League, the third tier of Swiss football. At the end of the season, they were group three winners and qualified for the promotion play-offs. In the first round of the play-offs they beat Red Star Zürich twice and in the next round with a win and a draw against FC Wohlen achieved promotion to the Nationalliga B.
In the 2000–01 Swiss Football League season Locarno held their position in the second division. For the following season Dobrovoljski then played with FC Vaduz and then moved on to play two seasons with Austria Lustenau in the Austrian Football First League.
References
External links
Die ersten 125 Jahre. Publisher: Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag, Basel.
Verein "Basler Fussballarchiv" Homepage
Joggeli Profile
1975 births
Living people
Russian emigrants to Germany
Russian footballers
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Swiss Super League players
VfB Stuttgart II players
FC Basel players
VfR Mannheim players
FC Locarno players
FC Vaduz players
SC Austria Lustenau players
Russian expatriate footballers
German expatriate footballers
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
German expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
German expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
German expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
Expatriate footballers in Liechtenstein
The Crystal Casino was the first permanent government-owned casino in the Western Hemisphere. It opened in 1990 on the seventh floor of Fort Garry Hotel in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and was run by the Manitoba Lottery Foundation. Two new gaming centers, the McPhillips Street Station and the Regent Station, were opened in 1993 to replace Crystal's bingo halls. It was closed on May 22, 1997, with the two other Winnipeg casinos absorbing its operations.
See also
List of casinos in Canada
References
Casinos in Manitoba
Casinos completed in 1990
1990 establishments in Manitoba
1997 disestablishments in Manitoba
Defunct casinos in Canada
This is a list of members of the Victorian Legislative Council between the elections of 15 June 1940 and 12 June 1943.
As half of the Legislative Council's terms expired at each triennial election, half of these members were elected at the 1937 triennial election with terms expiring in 1943, while the other half were elected at the 1940 triennial election with terms expiring in 1946.
On 9 April 1942, Henry Pye, Country MLC for North Western Province, died. Country candidate Percy Byrnes won the resulting by-election in May 1942.
On 20 May 1942, Archibald Crofts, United Australia MLC for Monash, died. United Australia candidate Sir Frank Beaurepaire won the resulting by-election in July 1942.
Frank Clarke was President of the Council; William Edgar was Chairman of Committees.
References
Re-member (a database of all Victorian MPs since 1851). Parliament of Victoria.
Victorian Year Book 1939–40
Members of the Parliament of Victoria by term
20th-century Australian politicians
The 1922 Arkansas Razorbacks football team represented the University of Arkansas in the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1922 college football season. In their first year under head coach Francis Schmidt, the Razorbacks compiled a 4–5 record (1–3 against SWC opponents), finished in sixth place in the SWC, and outscored their opponents by a combined total of 143 to 136.
Schedule
References
Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football seasons
Arkansas Razorbacks football
Mimatimura is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species:
Mimatimura rufescens Breuning, 1939
Mimatimura subferruginea (Gressitt, 1951)
References
Apomecynini
Taxa named by Stephan von Breuning (entomologist)
According to a common point of view epithelioid cells (also called epithelioid histiocytes)
are derivatives of activated macrophages resembling epithelial cells.
Structure and function
Structurally, epithelioid cells (when examined by light microscopy after stained with hematoxylin and eosin), are elongated, with finely granular, pale eosinophilic (pink) cytoplasm, and central, ovoid nuclei (oval or elongate), which are less dense than that of a lymphocyte. They have indistinct shape and often appear to merge into one another, forming aggregates known as giant cells. When examined by transmission electron microscopy in epithelioid cells in the field of Golgi lamellar complex are taped not only zonated, but also sleek vesicles with dense center, and also great many (more than 100) large granulas with diameters up to 340 nm and with finegranular matrix more light than in macrophage granulas, sometimes with perigranular halo. “The most prominent feature of these cells is the enormous Golgi area; up to 6 individual stacks of Golgi cisternae may be present as well as a few bristle-coated and numerous smooth vesicles”. Epithelioid cells have tightly interdigitated cell membranes in zipper-like arrays that link adjacent cells. These cells are central in the formation of granulomas, which are associated with many serious diseases. In granulomas, epithelioid cells perform the functions of delimiting.
Peculiarities of the cytoskeleton
It is shown that the epithelioid cell cytoskeleton formed by filaments differs significantly from the macrophage cytoskeleton. A large increase in the number of filaments occurs in these cells, where filaments (90 to 100 A) surround the cytocentrum as a distinctive annular bundle often branching into the cytoplasm. Due to such cytoskeleton contiguous epithelioid cells display elaborate cytoplasmic interdigitation. By using the quick=freeze and freeze-substitution methods (prompt freezing, penetrating etching and freeze-substitution) it has been shown that the organizations three-dimensional metastructure cytoskeleton of the epithelioid cells, formed in the focus of granulomatous inflammation, more compatible to cytoskeleton characteristic of typical epithelial cell than to cytoskeleton of active and movable macrophages. It is exhibited that the dense webs of intermediate filaments, bound with cores, mitochondrions and other organelles, are supervised everywhere in cytoplasm of epithelioid cells. Some fascicles of actinic filaments were posed in filopodiums below than membranes of the cells. Exact interdigital tripling of membranes of cells between interfacing epithelioid cells were clearly demonstrated. Interdigital filopodiums were identified. The characteristic indication of epithelioid cells is their aggregation with formation tight interdigital triplings as a fastener "lightning", which, apparently, can have the important for the formation of a dense zone of delimitation of the body from the pathogen during the formation of epithelioid cell granulomas.
Immunological phenotype and immunological markers
When using antibodies to the RFD9, RFD7 and HLA-DR antigens, it was found that all epithelioid cells have an immunological phenotype RFD9+/RFD7-/HLA-DR+. A series of monoclonal antibodies IHY-1, IHY-2, IHY-3 was obtained, which can be used to accurately identify epithelial cells formed in etiologically different forms of granulomatous inflammation. IHY-1 antibody reacts with epithelioid cells in sarcoid granulomas as well as with epithelioid cells of various granulomatous diseases including tuberculosis. IHY-2 and IHY-3 l antibody, monoclonal antibody, react with epithelioid cells in sarcoidosis but not in tuberculosis.
Clinical significance
Epithelioid cells are an essential characteristic of epithelioid cell granulomas. Epithelioid cell granuloma can be defined as specifically and structurally organized collection of epithelioid cells, macrophages, lymphocytes and dendritic cells. Foreign-body granulomas may be considered an organized collection of macrophages, including mere collections of giant cells surrounding inert substances like suture material – the so-called "non-immune granulomas."
Granuloma formation is associated with pathogens that have learned to evade the host immune system by various means like resisting phagocytosis and killing within the macrophages. Indigestibility of matter by macrophages is a common feature of granulomatous inflammation. Granulomas try to wall off these organisms and prevent their further growth and spread. Historically widespread and destructive diseases such as tuberculosis, leprosy and syphilis are granulomatous conditions. Granuloma formation is also the feature of many more contemporary conditions, like fungal infections, sarcoidosis and Crohn's disease.
History of scientific research
The first mention of epithelioid cells as a specific cell form occurred in the 19th-century in works of Koch R and Cornil J, who believed the leukocytes to be the originators of the epithelioid cells of the tuberculosis. In experiments on rabbits, Yersin A (1888) and Borrel A (1893) showed that epithelioid cells are formed from blood mononuclear leukocytes. The main patterns of epithelioid cells formation were first described in the first half of the 20th century by Lewis M (1925). This researcher showed that blood monocytes in cell cultures of mixed blood leukocytes of Avian (taken from the adult fowl as well as from embryos of various ages), mice and humans, when cultured in vitro, are transformed into typical macrophages and epithelioid cells, followed by the formation of giant multinucleated cells. The formation of epithelioid type cells was noted by Lewis M on the 2nd-3rd day of the cultivation of leukocytes. Later in a study of a similar plan, Jerry S and Weiss L (1966), when using cultures of mixed blood leukocytes of chicken (separated from cardiac blood of Rhode Island Red) and electron microscopy, showed that the transformation of monocytes of chicken in epithelioid cells begins in culture on 3–4 days and ends on 5–6 days. Since all previous researchers have indicated that epithelioid cells are formed from monocytes, and monocytes and macrophages were combined into a single mononuclear phagocyte system, Van Furth et al. (1972), referring to the work of Sutton J and Weiss L (1966), formally attributed epithelioid cells to the mononuclear phagocyte system. However, they did not specify exactly from which cells of the mononuclear phagocyte system epithelioid cells originate from. At the same time, they made a very cautious conclusion that «The epithelioid cells occurring in these lesions also arise from monocytes or macrophages». Adams D (1976), believing that epithelioid cells are the final stage of cell differentiation of the cells of the mononuclear phagocyte system, formulated the concept of cytomorphogeesis of epithelioid cells according to which epithelioid cells are regarded as a derivative of an activated macrophage (which is still held by most researchers at the present time). Не based on the assumption that "stimulation of macrophages mature further into immature epithelioid cells and ultimatelv in Mature".
Rhee et al. (1979) in experiments on rats, using the method of electron microscopy, showed that one of the main cytomorphological features of epithelioid cells that distinguish these cells from macrophages is the presence of characteristic specific granules in them, which they called epithelioid cell granules. Based on their own data, they supported the concept of epithelioid cells cytomorphogenesis according to which epithelioid cells are regarded as a derivative of an activated macrophage.Later, Turk JL and Narayanan RB (1982) proposed to distinguish two types of epithelioid cells in the study: "vesicular" and "secretory" epithelioid cells. It is suggested that "vesicular epithelioid cells could develop from "secretory" epithelioid cells by a process of degeneration. In search of immunological mechanisms affecting the formation of epithelial cells, Cipriano et al. (2003) obtained data indicating the possible influence of IL-4 on the formation of a phenotype in macrophages that is similar to the phenotype of epithelioid cells. However, not all the results of researches devoted to the study of the laws and mechanisms of cytomorphogenesis of epithelioid cells fit into the concept the origin of epithelioid cells from macrophages. Deimann J and Fahimi H (1980) showed that epithelioid cells in granulomas, induced in the rat liver by injection of glucan, beta-1,30-polyglucose, are formed not from Kupffer cells - mature differentiated macrophages, but from blood monocytes.
De Vos et al. (1990) obtained the data that allowed them to suggest that in granulomatous inflammation foci, in granulomatous lymphadenitis, epithelioid cells be formed not from differentiated macrophages, but from so-called plasmacytoid monocytes (have similarities with plasmacytes). This is further supported by the ultrastructural similarities between plasmacytoid monocytes and epithelioid cells. The present ultrastructural and immunoelectron microscopic study of epithelioid cell granulomas provided further arguments in favor of this hypothesis.
Arkhipov S (1997, 2012)
using cultures of peritoneal cells, blood leukocytes and bone marrow cells of mice, showed that macrophages and epithelioid cell are formed from different types of monocytes. It has been shown that epithelioid cells are formed only from plasmocytoid type monocytes, has named pre-epithelioid cells, bypassing the stage of differentiation into macrophages. It has been shown that in chronic inflammation, the number of pre-epithelioid monocytic cells, committed in the epithelioid cell differentiation, increases in the focus of inflammation, in the blood and bone marrow. using mouse Inbred lines, opposed to susceptibility to Mycobacterium tuberculosis, it was shown that the numbers of pre-epithelioid monocytic cells, formed in chronic inflammation, are genetically determined. The obtained results showed that the morphogenesis of epithelioid cell granulomas can be determined by the different starting genetically determined level of a pool of pre-epithelioid cells of monocytoid type, their flow in the center of an granulomatous inflammation, intensity them differentiation into epithelioid cells, bypassing the stage of differentiation into macrophages, and their endomitotic activity.
See also
Epithelioid (disambiguation)
Epithelium
Granuloma
References
External links
Eukaryotic cells
Newton Howard is a brain and cognitive scientist, the former director of the MIT Mind Machine Project at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).  They are a professor of computational neurology and functional neurosurgery at Georgetown University. They were a professor of at the University of Oxford, where they directed the Oxford Computational Neuroscience Laboratory.  They are also the director of MIT's Synthetic Intelligence Lab, the founder of the Center for Advanced Defense Studies and the chairperson of the Brain Sciences Foundation. Professor Howard is also a senior fellow at the John Radcliffe Hospital at Oxford, a senior scientist at INSERM in Paris and a P.A.H. at the CHU Hospital in Martinique.
Their research areas include Cognition, Memory, Trauma, Machine Learning, Comprehensive Brain Modeling, Natural Language Processing, Nanotech, Medical Devices and Artificial Intelligence.
Education and career
Howard earned their B.A. from Concordia University and an M.A. in Technology from Eastern Michigan University. They went on to study at MIT and at the University of Oxford where, as a graduate member of the Faculty of Mathematical Sciences, they proposed the Theory of Intention Awareness (IA). They also received a Doctorate in Cognitive Informatics and Mathematics from the University of Paris-Sorbonne, where they were also awarded a Habilitation a Diriger des Recherches for their work on the Physics of Cognition (PoC).
Howard is an author and national security advisor to several U.S. Government organizations and their work has contributed to more than 30 U.S. patents and over 90 publications. In 2009, they founded the Brain Sciences Foundation (BSF), a nonprofit 501(c)3 organization with the goal of improving the quality of life for those suffering from neurological disorders.
Research
Howard is known for their Theory of Intention Awareness (IA), which provides a possible model for explaining volition in human intelligence, recursively throughout all layers of biological organization. They next developed the Mood State Indicator (MSI) a machine learning system capable of predicting emotional states by modeling the mental processes involved in human speech and writing. The Language Axiological Input/Output system (LXIO) was built upon this MSI framework and found to be capable of detecting both sentiment and cognitive states by parsing sentences into words, then processing each through time orientation, contextual-prediction and subsequent modules, before computing each word's contextual and grammatical function with a Mind Default Axiology. The key significance of LXIO was its ability to incorporate conscious thought and bodily expression (linguistic or otherwise) into a uniform code schema.
In 2012, Howard published the Fundamental Code Unit (FCU) theory, which uses unitary mathematics (ON/OFF +/-) to correlate networks of neurophysiological processes to higher order function. In 2013, they proposed the Brain Code (BC) theory, a methodology for using the FCU to map entire circuits of neurological activity to behavior and response, effectively decoding the language of the brain.
In 2014, they hypothesized a functional endogenous optical network within the brain, mediated by neuropsin (OPN5). This self-regulating cycle of photon-mediated events in the neocortex involves sequential interactions among 3 mitochondrial sources of endogenously-generated photons during periods of increased neural spiking activity: (a) near-UV photons (~380 nm), a free radical reaction byproduct; (b) blue photons (~470 nm) emitted by NAD(P)H upon absorption of near-UV photons; and (c) green photons (~530 nm) generated by NAD(P)H oxidases, upon NAD(P)H-generated blue photon absorption. The bistable nature of this nanoscale quantum process provides evidence that an on/off (UNARY +/-) coding system exists at the most fundamental level of brain operation.
Transformer sculptures
In 2021 Howard installed two-ton (1,814 kg) sculptures depicting Bumblebee and Optimus Prime, characters from the Transformers media franchise, outside of their home in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, D.C. Their inspiration for the sculptures came from their work with artificial intelligence and "because the Transformers represent human and machine living in harmony, if you will." The reaction from locals was mixed and they ran into legal issues with local government officials. They were eventually granted permission to keep the statues installed for a period of six months, but they remained after that time.
Selected works
Books
Howard, N., Argamon, S. (Eds.) (2009). Computational Methods For Counterterrorism. Berlin: Springer-Verlag.
Most-cited journal articles
Hussain, A., Cambria, E., Schuller, B., Howard, N. (2014). Affective Neural Networks and Cognitive Learning Systems for Big Data Analysis, Neural Networks, Special Issue, 58, 1–3.
Cambria, E., Howard, N., Song, Y. & Wang, H. (2014). Semantic Multidimensional Scaling for Open Domain Sentiment Analysis. IEEE Intelligent Systems, 29 March/April.
Poria, S., Agarwal, Basant., Gelbukh, A., Hussain, A., Howard, N. (2014) Dependency-Based Semantic Parsing for Concept-Level Text Analysis. Computational Linguistics and Intelligent Text Processing. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, 8403, 113-127
Howard, N. (2013). The Twin Hypotheses: Brain Code and the Fundamental Code Unit: Towards Understanding the Computational Primitive Elements of Cortical Computing. Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence, MICAI, November 24–30, 2013, Mexico City, Mexico.
Howard, N., Bergmann, J. & Stein, J. (2013). Combined Modality of the Brain Code Approach for Early Detection and the Long-term Monitoring of Neurodegenerative Processes. Frontiers Special Issue INCF Course Imaging the Brain at Different Scales.
Howard, N. (2013). Approach Towards a Natural Language Analysis for Diagnosing Mood Disorders and Comorbid Conditions. Lecture Notes in Computer Science, MICAI, November 24–30, 2013, Mexico City, Mexico.
Howard, N. (2012). Brain Language: The Fundamental Code Unit. The Brain Sciences Journal, 1(1), 4–45.
Howard, N. (2012). Energy Paradox of the Brain. The Brain Sciences Journal, 1(1), 46–61.
Howard, N., Lieberman, H. (2012). BrainSpace: Automated Brain Understanding and Machine Constructed Analytics in Neuroscience. The Brain Sciences Journal, 1(1), 85–97.
Howard, N., Guidere, M. (2012). LXIO The Mood Detection Robopsych. The Brain Sciences Journal, 1(1), 98–109.
Howard, N. & Bergmann, J. (2012). Combining Computational Neuroscience and Body Sensor Networks to Investigate Alzheimer's Disease. Journal of Functional Neurology, Rehabilitation and Ergonomics, 2(1), 29-38
Howard, N., Kanareykin, S. (2012) Transcranial Ultrasound Application Methods: Low-frequency ultrasound as a treatment for brain dysfunction. The Brain Sciences Journal, 1(1), 110–124.
Howard, N. (1999) The Logic of Uncertainty and Situational Understanding. Published by Center for Advanced Defense Studies (CADS)/Institute for the Mathematical Complexity & Cognition (MC) Centre de Recherche en Informatique, Université Paris Sorbonne
External links
Oxford Computational Neuroscience Lab
MIT Mind Machine Project
MIT Synthetic Intelligence Laboratory
Brain Sciences Foundation
Center for Advanced Defense Studies
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Cognitive neuroscientists
Concordia University alumni
Eastern Michigan University alumni
Georgetown University faculty
Paris-Sorbonne University alumni
Academics of the University of Oxford
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
Jeri-Show was a villainous professional wrestling tag team consisting of Big Show and Chris Jericho, which competed in the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) promotion.
The duo made their debut in July 2009 at WWE's Night of Champions pay-per-view event, where Jericho replaced the legitimate injured Edge with Show as their tag team partner in their defense of the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship (which was made by the unification of the World Tag Team Championship and WWE Tag Team Championship).
Throughout the remainder of 2009, Jeri-Show were involved in several highly promoted feuds and angles, as well as defending the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship and challenging for the World Heavyweight Championship. The duo also headlined two of WWE's pay-per-view events during their short tenure together, with the first being at Survivor Series and the second at TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs.
History
Unified WWE Tag Team Champions (2009–2010)
At The Bash on June 28, 2009, Jericho and their then partner Edge, both heels, won the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship (which consisted of the World Tag Team Championship and the WWE Tag Team Championship) as surprise entrants in a tag team match. When Edge suffered a torn Achilles tendon shortly thereafter which left them unable to wrestle, Jericho exploited a contractual loophole that allowed them to choose a new partner to replace Edge so that Jericho's reign could continue uninterrupted, while insulting Edge for being injury prone.
On July 26 at Night of Champions, Jericho revealed fellow heel Big Show as their new tag team partner and they defeated Legacy members Cody Rhodes and Ted DiBiase to retain the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, thus allowing Big Show (who was from the Raw brand) and Jericho (who was from the SmackDown brand) to appear on both brands. Jeri-Show would then feud with Cryme Tyme (JTG and Shad Gaspard), which culminated in a successful title defense for Jeri-Show at SummerSlam on August 23. Jericho and Big Show would then feud with Montel Vontavious Porter and Mark Henry, which would also result in another successful title defense for Jeri-Show at Breaking Point on September 13 against them. Next, Jeri-Show would move on to feud with Batista, who then challenged for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship with Jericho's rival Rey Mysterio at Hell in a Cell on October 4, where resulted in another successful title defense.
On the October 5 episode of Raw, Jeri-Show would begin a feud with Shawn Michaels and Triple H of D-Generation X (D-X) following a loss in a non-title match. Leading up to Bragging Rights, Jericho was named as a co-captain (with Kane) for Team SmackDown while Big Show joined Team Raw, which was captained by D-X. At Bragging Rights on October 25, Big Show turned on Team Raw when they attacked their teammates Kofi Kingston and Triple H, resulting in Jericho getting the win for Team SmackDown. Big Show would then reveal that their motives for aiding Team SmackDown was so that they would be granted a shot against SmackDown's World Heavyweight Champion The Undertaker, while Jericho would insert themselves into the title match as well after defeating Kane, thus making it a triple threat match. At Survivor Series on November 22, The Undertaker retained their World Heavyweight Championship after Jericho and Big Show turned on each other despite working together throughout most of the match. Jeri-Show would then continue their feud with D-X and on December 13 at TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs, they lost the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship to D-X in a Tables, Ladders and Chairs match, ending their reign at 140 days. On the December 14 episode of Raw, Jeri-Show won a Slammy Award for "Tag Team of the Year", while that same night they used their rematch clause against D-X, who quickly intentionally disqualified themselves and retained the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship (as a result, Jericho, from the SmackDown brand, could not appear on Raw as they were no longer a Unified WWE Tag Team Champion). D-X granted Jeri-Show yet another rematch for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, with the additional stipulation that Jericho had to "leave Raw forever" if Jeri-Show lost, which they did on the January 4, 2010 episode of Raw, marking the end of Jeri-Show.
After their breakup, Edge made their return at the 2010 Royal Rumble match to feud with Jericho, eliminating Jericho en route to winning the Rumble. Meanwhile, Big Show would go on to win the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship back from D-X when they teamed with The Miz, forming ShoMiz. Jericho would eventually return to Raw again when they were drafted to the Raw brand through the 2010 WWE draft.
Unofficial reunions (2012–2016)
On the July 9, 2012 episode of Raw, Jeri-Show (as villains) reunited for one-time to take on John Cena and Kane in a tag team match, which they lost by disqualification.
On the September 5, 2014 episode of SmackDown, Jeri-Show (as fan favorites) had a one-night reunion, competing in a ten-man tag team match that consisted of themselves teaming with John Cena, Mark Henry and Roman Reigns against Kane, Seth Rollins and The Wyatt Family (Bray Wyatt, Erick Rowan and Luke Harper), which Jeri-Show's team won by disqualification after The Wyatt Family broke up Cena's STF on Rollins and refused to stop their assault on Cena.
On the January 28, 2016 episode of SmackDown, Big Show helped Jericho, Reigns and Dean Ambrose from a Wyatt Family assault, having a one night reunion for Jeri-Show.
Championships and accomplishments
World Wrestling Entertainment
World Tag Team Championship (1 time)
WWE Tag Team Championship (1 time)
Slammy Award (1 time)
Tag Team of the Year (2009)
References
External links
Cagematch profile
WWE teams and stables
WWE World Tag Team Champions
Sergey Eduardovich Zuev (; born April 25, 1954) is a Russian economist, specialist in cultural management, candidate of art history (1984), professor, since 2011 Rector of the Moscow School for the Social and Economic Sciences (MSSES), Director of the Institute of Social Sciences of RANEPA.
Zuev was detained in October 2021 on embezzlement charges under Marina Rakova Case, which their supporters say are politically-motivated.
Biography
Area of Professional Interest
Strategies of regional development, project management, applied socio-cultural research.
Early Years and Education
Sergey was born on April 25, 1954, in Moscow. In 1971 they entered the at the Chinese studies department. After two years they switched to the MSU Philology department, graduated in 1978 and in 1984 defended their thesis and obtained a Ph.D. in History of Arts.
Career
In the 1980s Zuev worked at the as a researcher in sociology. In 1989 they headed the School of Cultural Politics, in 1994 they became Director of the Cultural Technologies Center. In 1998 they became Dean of the Cultural Management department at Moscow School for the Social and Economic Sciences (MSSES). In 2000-01 they were Vice Chair of the ‘Strategic Research Centre' initiative .
In 2005-2010 they were in charge of several expert groups that developed regional development strategies for such regions as Astrakhan Oblast, Karelia, Kaliningrad Oblast, Kaluga Oblast, Smolensk Oblast, and Buryatia. In 2011-12 they headed the ‘Socio-Economical Development of Moscow 2025' programm.
In 2011 Zuev was elected Rector of the Moscow School for the Social and Economic Sciences. In the same year, they became Director of the Institute of Social Sciences of RANEPA. In RENEPA, they launched a ‘Master of public administration' course.
Since 1991, Zuev has read more than 150 seminars on regional and urban development, and has contributed to more than 17 governmental development programs. Zuev has numerous publications in scientific journals.
Detention
On October 13, 2021, Zuev was detained and questioned as a suspect in Marina Rakova Case, a former Deputy Education Minister who had been accused of alleged stealing 50 mln roubles of state money meant for the educational program at MSSES under the direction of Zuev. On October 13, Zuev was charged with embezzling roughly 21 mln roubles. Zuev denied any wrongdoing. On October 20, they were hospitalized with hypertensive emergency and had heart surgery soon afterwards. On November 9, Zuev was put into a detention center by court decision following the General Prosecutor's request. On December 3, Zuev collapsed in court, an ambulance was called but refused to hospitalize him. Despite their health conditions, Zuev was kept in a detention facility. Medical specialists weren't allowed to visit him, they were also denied transfer to a hospital. Their arrest was prolonged until March 7, 2022.
In December 2021 at the annual meeting with the Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights, Vladimir Putin was asked about Zuev and reacted that ‘there was no reason to keep them behind bars'. After that the defense requested their transfer under house arrest again, but with no success
As discovered by journalists of Forbes, the expert evaluation of MSSES contracts was made by the police even before the affected party filed a report.
As stated by Alexander Khiridgy, a member of the Public Monitoring Commission, by February 2022 Zuev's health had deteriorated so much that they no longer could stand up from the bed. No contacts with the relatives were allowed. No investigation acts were carried out during the detention time. On April 3, Zuev's family paid 6 mln as a partial compensation of the sum they allegedly embezzled. As explained by the lawyers, it was done in a hope that Zuev could be moved from the detention center under house arrest. Still, the court prolonged the arrest until June 5, 2022.
Family
Zuev is married to Elizaveta Fokina; they have four children. When they were arrested, Zuev's daughter from the first marriage conducted a one-man picket being 9 months pregnant.
References
External links
Ректору «Шанинки» Сергею Зуеву продлили арест до 7 марта 2021 года
1954 births
Living people
Recipients of the Order of Honour (Russia)
Recipients of the Medal of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" II class
Moscow State University alumni
Rectors of universities in Russia
Russian art historians
Yeniköy, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Trnovac is a village in the municipality of Novi Travnik, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Demographics
According to the 2013 census, its population was nil, down from 92 (all Serbs) in 1991.
References
Populated places in Novi Travnik
Alain Taravella (born 24 May 1948 in Falaise, Calvados) is a French entrepreneur, billionaire and the co-founder, chairperson and CEO of the Altarea SCA real estate group.
Biography
Taravella graduated from HEC Paris in 1971. They claim to have financed their studies by carrying out real estate operations on the sale of apartments in Parly.
In 1975, they joined the Brémond group, a real estate development company, where they became head of the leisure division. The group became Pierre & Vacances in 1978, a company specialized in leisure centers. Taravella became CEO in 1985.
In 1994, they founded Altarea, a shopping center development company. They took advantage of the downturn in the real estate market in the early 1990s to acquire land in droves. In 1999, they worked on the Bercy Village development project, which Altarea marketed. The company was listed on the stock exchange in 2004 and in 2007 acquired Cogedim, a real estate developer of housing and offices.
In 2010, after selling the Saint-Georges shopping center in Toulouse to the German Commerz Real, they lead the acquisition of Cap 3000, one of the oldest and most important regional shopping centers in France, in Saint-Laurent-du-Var. In 2011, they led the acquisition by Cogedim Altarea of the RueDuCommerce shopping site, which was finally sold to Carrefour in 2016.
Wealth
According to Forbes, Taravella retains 45% ownership of Altarea SCA and has an estimated net worth of $2 billion, making them the 1580th richest person in the world.
References
French businesspeople
Real estate and property developers
French billionaires
1948 births
French company founders
HEC Paris alumni
People from Falaise, Calvados
Living people
The 2014–2015 India–Pakistan border skirmishes were a series of armed clashes and exchanges of gunfire between the Indian Border Security Force and the Pakistan Rangers: the paramilitary gendarmerie forces of both nations, responsible for patrolling the India-Pakistan border) along the Line of Control (LoC) in the disputed Kashmir region and the borders of the Punjab. Tensions began in mid-July 2014, with both countries' military officials and media reports giving different accounts of the incidents and accusing each other of initiating the hostilities. The incident sparked outrage in both countries and harsh reactions by the Indian and Pakistani militaries and the Indian and Pakistani governments.
The situation deteriorated in October of that year, when Indian Defence Minister Arun Jaitley urged Pakistan to stop "unprovoked" firing and warned that the response by India would be "unaffordable". On 12 October 2014, Pakistani national security adviser Sartaj Aziz, sent a letter to the United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon appealing for a resolution of the crisis. Aziz said that officials from the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP) were going to the disputed border region to observe ceasefire violations.
In September 2015, a Pakistani delegation headed by the Pakistan Rangers director general Umar Farooq, visited India for bilateral talks; Indian Border Security Force director general Devendra Kumar headed the Indian delegation. Both sides agreed to halt cross-border ceasefire violations. Indian Minister of Home Affairs Rajnath Singh told the Pakistani delegation, "Indian forces will not fire the first bullet along the international border." The Pakistani delegation raised the issue of the killing of a Pakistani Ranger by Indian BSF fire (which resulted in escalation and retaliatory fire), and the Indian BSF director-general pledged that no such incident would occur in the future. Both sides agreed to conduct joint investigations of future ceasefire violations and to strengthen border security; The Indian BSF and Pakistan Rangers agreed to improve communications.
Timeline
2014
In mid July one BSF soldier was killed after Pakistani Rangers fired upon Pittal border outpost along international border in Arnia forward area of R S Pura in Jammu district.
20 and 23 July: At least two civilians from Azad Kashmir were killed in Mirajkey during skirmishes between the Indian BSF and Pakistan Rangers.
22 July: An Indian soldier was killed in an exchange of fire by Pakistani troops at Indian positions on the Line of Control.
6 August: An Indian soldier after their boat capsized was swept into Pakistani zoneSialkot was arrested by Pakistani Rangers. They were freed and returned to India two days later.
23 August: Two Pakistani and two Indian civilians were killed after Pakistani and Indian troops exchanged fire in Kashmir.
Early October: A 17-year-old girl was killed by Pakistani cross-border fire in Poonch district. Pakistani military officials accused India of violating the ceasefire and opening fire in Pakistani villages near Sialkot; Pakistani troops then retaliated.
6 October: Five Indian civilians were killed in a ceasefire violation by Pakistani troops in the Arnia belt of Jammu district.
8 October: Two women on the Indian side were killed as Pakistani troops targeted 50 Indian security outposts along the LoC.
9 October: Pakistani officials reported that nine civilians have been killed by Indian troops firing at and shelling the Charwa, Harpal, Bajra Gahri and Chaprar sectors of the border in Sialkot since 2 October.
9 October: Two Indian women were killed by Pakistani night fire.
11 October: Indian forces violated the ceasefire after a brief lull. Pakistani troops later violated the ceasefire in Arnia, targeting an Indian BSF outpost.
8 November: One Indian soldier and one civilian were killed by Pakistani troops in the Kamalkot area of Uri sector.
20 November: One Pakistani soldier was killed by Indian troops in a ceasefire violation in the Pandu sector near Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir.
31 December: An Indian BSF guard was killed by Pakistani fire in Jammu and Kashmir's Samba sector. Two Pakistani soldiers were later lost to Indian BSF fire in the Shakargarh sector of Narowal district. The soldiers were going to participate in a flag meeting with Indian Army soldiers when they were fired on by BSF paramilitary troops at Zero Point. BSF officials claimed that the firing was in retaliation for the previous day's incident, and five Pakistani soldiers were killed.
2015
2 January: A 13-year-old girl was killed in an Indian BSF ceasefire violation in a residential area of Zafarwal. Two Indian soldiers and one female civilian were killed by Pakistani Ranger fire. In retaliation, two Rangers were killed.
5 January: Four civilians were killed by Indian fire and shelling of Pakistani residential areas, including an 18-year-old from Bore Chak and a woman from Sukhmal village in the Zafarwal sector. Pakistani soldiers then fired on BSF posts, and a BSF soldier was killed at Hiranagar in the Samba sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
14 February: A sixty-year-old villager was killed by Indian fire in the Rawalakot sector of the Line of Control.
1 May: A Pakistani civilian was killed by Indian BSF troops in the Shakargarh sector.
5 July: A BSF soldier was killed in cross-border fire by Pakistani Rangers on six BSF outposts in the Arnia sector, near the Line of Control. The Indian Army returned an 11-year-old Azad Kashmir boy who had accidentally crossed the Line of Control.
9 July: A BSF soldier was killed by Pakistan Ranger fire on a BSF post in the Baramulla sector.
11 July: Pakistan Rangers returned the body of a Jammu man who had drowned in the Chenab River to the BSF.
15 July: An Indian civilian was killed by Pakistan Ranger fire on the Kanachak and Bhalwal Bharath areas of the international border.
15 July: The Pakistan Army shot down an Indian spy drone in Bhimber, Azad Kashmir. According to Inter-Services Public Relations, the drone was used for aerial photography. An Indian Air Force official denied the allegation. Jane's International Defence Review unmanned-systems editor Huw Williams said that a photo supplied by the Pakistani military appeared to show a Chinese-made DJI Phantom 3: "Due to its limited operating range — about two km — if the Indian military is using the system it would most likely be for close reconnaissance or security work". Pakistan summoned the Indian high commissioner in Islamabad about the issue. ISPR released images and video on 27 July indicating that the drone flew from an Indian post into Pakistani territory, including images from an Indian ASCOM office and of an Indian soldier and aerial views of Indian-sector outposts and company headquarters along the LOC. The next day, India rejected the Pakistani claims.
16 July: Five Pakistani civilians were killed by Indian Border Security Force fire in the villages of Malana and Salehpur in the Chaprar sector near Sialkot.
20 July: According to an ISPR statement, "The UNMOGIP visited areas most affected by recent Indian firing and were shown evidence of ceasefire violations". The team flew by helicopter to the Pakistani side of the boundary: "The UNMOGIP observers visited Saleh Pur, Chaprar and Malane in Chaprar Sector near [the] working boundary" at the Pakistan Army's request.
25 July: A Pakistani civilian was killed by BSF fire in the village of Polas in the Chirikot sector of Azad Kashmir.
30 July: An Indian soldier was killed by Pakistan Ranger cross-border fire at an Indian post in the Krishna Ghati sector of the LoC.
4 August: Two young Pakistani civilians were killed by BSF fire in Pakistani residential areas near the village of Sukhial. An Indian civilian was killed when Punjab Rangers fired at 12 BSF outposts in the Kanachak and Pargwal sectors of Jammu district.
7 August: An Indian toy bomb killed a child in Muzaffarabad of the Hillan sector.
9 August: A woman was critically injured by BSF fire in a Pakistani residential area of the Jandrot sector along the LOC. The 28-year-old woman from Kotli, Azad Kashmir was treated at the Combined Military Hospital in Rawalpindi, where they died on 11 August.
14 August: A woman was killed by Indian Army fire in the Nezapir sector.
15 August: Seven civilians, including five Indians, were killed by cross-border firing along the LoC.
16 August: An Indian woman was killed by Punjab Ranger fire in Poonch district, along the LoC.
17 August: A woman was killed by Indian BSF fire in the Nakyal sector of the LoC.
18 August: One civilian was killed by Indian BSF fire in the Nakial sector of Kotli District in Azad Kashmir.
21 August: United Nations observers visited villages in the Sucheetgarh and Charwah sectors along the Working Boundary which had been hit by Indian shelling.
22 August: A Pakistani civilian was killed by Indian BSF fire in the Batal sector.
25 August: An Indian Army JCO was killed by Punjab Rangers fire in the Nowgam sector of the LoC.
28 August: Three Indian civilians were killed and sixteen were injured by Punjab Rangers fire in the RS Pura sector of the LoC.
29 August: United Nations observers visited residential areas and villages affected by Indian shelling and fire for the third time. The observers visited the village of Kundanpur village in Sialkot, and reviewed damage from Indian BSF fire.
31 August: Three relief centres were established by the Pakistani district administration in the villages of Daallowali, Harpal-Balaarwali, and Panur. According to district officials, recent BSF shelling and fire had affected at least 50,000 villagers and displaced 40,000.
7 September: An Indian civilian was killed by Punjab Rangers fire in the Poonch sector of the LoC.
13 September: A BSF soldier was killed by Pakistan Rangers fire in the Rajouri district, along the LoC.
15 September: A Pakistan Rangers soldier was killed by BSF fire in Azad Kashmir's Battal sector along the LoC.
17 September: Three civilians were killed by Indian fire in the Nakial sector of Azad Kashmir, along the LoC.
18 September: A civilian was killed by unmarked-ship fire on the Okha coast in Gujarat. Unverified Indian media reports said that the Pakistan Navy fired on Indian boats. A 25-year-old Pakistani woman was killed by Indian fire along the LoC.
20 September: Four Indian civilians were killed by Pakistani shelling of Krishna Ghati, Hamirpur, Bhimber, Balakot and other areas near the LoC.
23 October: One civilian was killed by Pakistani Rangers fire in the Samba sector.
26 October: Two Pakistani civilians died as a result of BSF fire in the Shakargarh sector.
2 November: Two Indian Army soldiers were killed by Pakistani fire in the Gurez sector.
Reaction
India
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in October 2014 that the government would not let the Indian people down and "everything will be fine soon". According to defence minister Manohar Parrikar, "If Pakistan persists with this adventurism, our forces will make the cost of this adventurism unaffordable". Home minister Rajnath Singh said that the Pakistan must stop cross-border ceasefire violations because "times have changed in India".
Eighteen Pakistani militants were killed and 19 camps were reportedly destroyed in October 2014.
Pakistan
Pakistani military officials and the government accused India of violating the ceasefire and opening fire in Pakistani territory (after which the Pakistani military retaliated), condemning the October 2014 LoC violation by the Indian Army. Pakistani Defence Minister Khawaja Asif responded to their Indian counterpart, "We don't want to convert border tension between two nuclear neighbors into confrontation".
On 12 October 2014, Pakistani National Security Adviser (NSA) Sartaj Aziz appealed to the United Nations to resolve the crisis. The UN declined Pakistan's request for intervention, saying that the dispute should be resolved with bilateral discussions.
Pakistan Rangers director-general Tahir Javaid Khan said that India fired nearly 30,000 mortar rounds between 2010 and 2014, and Indian ceasefire violations resembled a small-scale war. On 31 December 2014, National Security Adviser Sartaj Aziz sent a letter via the Pakistani embassy in New Delhi to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj protesting India's "breach of trust" in their killing of two Rangers. In their response, Swaraj dismissed Pakistan's allegations. On 28 August 2015, Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif said that what they called the targeting of civilians was "highly unprofessional, unethical, irresponsible and cowardly."
United Nations
On 9 October 2014, a spokesperson for UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon issued a statement that Secretary Ban wanted India and Pakistan "to engage constructively to find a long-term solution for peace and stability in Kashmir".
See also
2011 India–Pakistan border skirmish
2013 India–Pakistan border skirmishes
Indo-Pakistani wars and conflicts
Kashmir conflict
2016 Indian Line of Control strike
Notes
References
Conflicts in 2014
India–Pakistan border
Wars involving India
2014 in India
2014 in Pakistan
Indo-Pakistani wars
History of Azad Kashmir
2010s in Jammu and Kashmir
Kashmir conflict
2015 in Pakistan
2015 in foreign relations of India
Conflicts in 2015
Wars involving Pakistan
India–Pakistan military relations
The 1993 season was the second year of competitive football (soccer) in Lithuania as an independent nation since regaining independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
National Leagues
A Lyga
1 Lyga
Lithuanian Cup
Final
National team
Senior team
Notes
External links
1993/1994 season on RSSSF
National Team Results
RSSSF Baltic Cup 1993
Hazel Green Academy was a school in the little village of Hazel Green, eastern Wolfe County, eastern Kentucky. It was established in 1880 by a Charter from the Kentucky Legislature. The bill was introduced by a Hazel Green citizen, Senator W.O. Mize. The Founders of the school were Mize and their wife, Hazel Green merchant, J. Taylor Day, and Green Berry Swango.
The first classes were held in the Hazel Green Masonic Hall, before a permanent school building was erected downtown in 1885. N. B. (Napoleon Bonaparte) Hays was the first principal. They were later the Attorney General of Kentucky.
At the invitation of the Founders, in 1886, the Kentucky Christian Woman's Board of Missions (CWBM), a sisterhood of the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ), assumed operation of the financially ailing school. The magnitude of the undertaking as the "Kentucky Mountain Mission" caused the Kentucky Board to appeal to the National CWBM at Indianapolis for support. By 1919, the CWBM was enveloped in the new United Christian Missionary Society (UCMS) which sponsored the Academy.
The school closed on August 31, 1983. Its last Director was Robert "Sandy" Goodlett and the last Principal was Bob Dailey. Dailey was the principal, 1980-83. Before that they were the math and science teacher for two years.
In its earlier years, the Academy was called the "Athens of the West" and the "Mother Mountain School" as it preceded other private, missionary and public schools in its 20 county service area by several years.
Much of the Academy complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, qualifying because of its significant place in the area's history.
References
School buildings completed in 1910
Defunct schools in Kentucky
Wolfe County, Kentucky
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places in Wolfe County, Kentucky
Ebodina elephantodes is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Java and Taiwan.
References
Polyorthini
Moths of Indonesia
Moths of Taiwan
Moths described in 1938
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
WCRL (1570 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Oneonta, Alabama. The station is owned by Our Town Radio, Inc. and began operation on July 29, 1952. WCRL airs a classic hits music format.
History
The station was assigned the WCRL call sign by the Federal Communications Commission. The station has been owned by the L.D. Bentley Jr. family since the early 1950s, through Blount County Broadcasting Service, Inc. In 1968 the station added an FM sister, WKLD. That station was sold to Great South Wireless LLC in a deal that was completed in September 2008.
In November 2002, control of Blount County Broadcasting Service legally passed from Luther Daniel Bentley Jr. to Luther Daniel Bentley III. The younger Bentley and their sister, Teresa B. Lowry, now respectively own 51% and 49% of the corporation.
On March 30, 2012, Blount County Broadcasting Service, Inc., reached a deal to sell WCRL and its translator, W237DH, to Our Town Radio, Inc., for $180,000. The FCC approved the sale on May 14, 2012, and the transaction was consummated on June 1, 2012. Our Town Radio, Inc., is owned by Mark S. Sims (51%) and Robbie McAlpine (49%) of Oneonta, Alabama.
Translators
WCRL rebroadcasts its signal on two FM translators:
References
External links
WCRL official website
CRL
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1952
Blount County, Alabama
1952 establishments in Alabama
Shepherd's Grove is a congregation of the Presbyterian Church (USA) in Irvine, California, United States. The church was founded by Robert H. Schuller in 1955 as the Garden Grove Community Church and renamed to Crystal Cathedral Ministries after its church building, the Crystal Cathedral, in 1981. The congregation is known worldwide as the producer of the Hour of Power weekly Christian television program.
On October 18, 2010, the board of Crystal Cathedral Ministries filed for bankruptcy in Santa Ana, California. In February 2012, as part of the bankruptcy proceeding, the congregation sold the Crystal Cathedral building to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange. Under the terms of the sale, Crystal Cathedral Ministries leased the building from the diocese until July 2013. The congregation was housed on the former site of St. Callistus Catholic church and school in Garden Grove until March 2018.
The Presbytery of Los Ranchos approved a proposed lease agreement between Shepherd's Grove and Irvine Presbyterian Church (IPC) on February 24, 2018. The first services at IPC were held on March 25, 2018. Shepherd's Grove intends to merge with IPC into the Presbyterian Church (USA).
Origins
A congregation of the Reformed Church in America, the Garden Grove Community Church was founded in 1955 by Robert H. Schuller and their wife Arvella. The first church services were held in space rented from the Orange Drive-In Theatre.
In 1961, the congregation moved to a new sanctuary designed by architect Richard Neutra. In 1968, The Tower of Hope was completed, providing office and classroom space. Continued growth led to the need for a new facility. Schuller envisioned a unique facility with walls made of glass and commissioned noted architect Philip Johnson to put their dream into reality. Construction on the Crystal Cathedral began in 1977 and was completed in 1980, built at a cost of $18 million. Upon moving from the old Neutra sanctuary to the new Johnson sanctuary, the congregation changed its name to the Crystal Cathedral.
Ministers
On January 22, 2006, Schuller retired as the senior pastor of the Crystal Cathedral. Their son, Robert A. Schuller, was installed as the second senior pastor of the church and head of the Hour of Power TV program. On October 25, 2008, the elder Schuller announced the removal of their son from the Hour of Power broadcast, citing "a lack of shared vision". In a prepared statement, Robert H. Schuller stated that "different ideas as to the direction and the vision for this ministry" with their son "made it necessary ... to part ways in the Hour of Power television ministry". It was subsequently announced, on November 29, 2008, that Robert A. Schuller had resigned from their position as senior pastor of the Crystal Cathedral.
Juan Carlos Ortiz was named as interim senior pastor while the search for a permanent replacement was conducted. Robert H. Schuller stated in a press release, "All the services will continue to be broadcast from the world-renowned Crystal Cathedral with our great tradition of the most beautiful church music in the world." Sheila Schuller Coleman later replaced their brother as the senior pastor, vowing to continue the original vision of their father's ministry. Coleman subsequently changed the format of the service to a more contemporary style with praise and worship bands in place of the traditional choir and organ. Attendance, however, declined until the church could no longer pay its bills. Prior to Coleman's departure the worship service attendance had dwindled to fewer than 400 people.
On March 10, 2012, it was announced that Robert H. Schuller and their wife, Arvella, had resigned from the church's board. The following day, Sheila Schuller Coleman announced at the morning service that they were leaving the church, stating that "This is the last Sunday we will be worshiping in this building." After the departure of Sheila Coleman, and the reinstatement of the more traditional worship style, attendance began to increase once again with previous long time members returning to the church. The increase in attendance and giving came too late, however, as the church had already been sold.
Music
From its inception, the Hour of Power was known for the quality of its music program and the eclectic variety of its musical guests. This was in part due to the efforts of Arvella Schuller, an organist and wife of the founding pastor. Minister of Music Don G. Fontana, organist/choral director Frederick Swann and orchestra director Johnnie Carl were commissioned to create and maintain a strong musical voice for the Crystal Cathedral. Upon Swann's retirement, Don Neuen was hired as choir director in 1999.
On December 16, 2004, Carl fired several bullets in their office within the church shortly before the beginning of the annual The Glory of Christmas program. The area was vacant at the time and no one was injured. Carl then barricaded themselves in a bathroom and eventually ended a nine-hour standoff with police by fatally shooting himself. In their 29 years as orchestra director, Carl wrote more than 3,500 arrangements in their service to the Crystal Cathedral. At the time of their death, they were 57 years old. After Carl's death, composer Marc Riley replaced them as the orchestra director.
The traditional music program was led by Fontana, Swann, Neuen, Riley, and various organists including Richard Unfreid, Frederick Swann, Mark Thallander, Peter Baichi, Heather Hinton, J. Christopher Pardini, Sean Groombridge, and Thomas Leonard, until 2010.
Leadership at the Crystal Cathedral began "vetting" choir members to ensure they were "emotionally and spiritually fit" as well as asking them to sign a covenant regarding homosexual behavior to which some members objected.
Under Sheila Schuller Coleman's leadership, worship changed from a traditional hymn-based style to a "praise" style, culminating with the naming of Scott V. Smith and Debbie McClendon Smith as worship and music leaders. In March 2012, Coleman announced their departure as head pastor. Since then, the services at the Crystal Cathedral and the Hour of Power television program have returned to traditional music and choir. Now known as Shepherd's Grove, many previously involved with the music ministry have returned: Don Neuen was succeeded by choral director Irene Messoloras, and Marc Riley serves as orchestra director. Sae Wan Yang is a senior organist, and John von Wolzogen serves as handbell director.
Hour of Power broadcast
The Crystal Cathedral broadcast church services around the world on a television show called the Hour of Power, which at one point attracted 1.3 million viewers in 156 countries. The church provided facilities for those of a similar faith to congregate and offered campus services including support groups, Sunday school classes and daily Christian gatherings.
The church featured the testimonies of prominent people during the Hour of Power services. Notable guests have included former USSR president Mikhail Gorbachev, former president of India A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, former United States Vice President Al Gore, former United States Attorney General John Ashcroft, former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, noted Catholic broadcaster Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen, musician John Tesh, Christian singer Jaci Velasquez, pianist Roger Williams, flautist Sir James Galway, Christian singer Joy Williams, Backstreet Boys member and Christian singer Brian Littrell, Christian singer Natalie Grant, Christian rock band Sonicflood, singer Robert Sims, American tenor Daniel Rodriguez, musical group the Oak Ridge Boys, Christian singer Sara Groves, Irish tenor Ronan Tynan; former tennis star Michael Chang, actors Kirk Douglas, Roy Rogers, Noah Gray-Cabey, and Denzel Washington, radio talk-show host Laura Schlessinger, and MLB baseball player Kirk Gibson.
2010 bankruptcy application
Beginning in 2010, creditors filed lawsuits to collect money due to them for providing goods, services and broadcasting The Hour of Power weekly TV show. A board member said that the total debt was $55 million. The church's board filed for bankruptcy on October 18, 2010, citing $43 million in debt including a $36 million mortgage and $7.5 million in other debt. Church officials said that they had been trying to negotiate payments but after several suits were filed and writs of attachment were granted the church had to declare bankruptcy. The church received offers for the Crystal Cathedral from a real estate investment group and from Chapman University, both with the provision of being leased back to the church.
On July 7, 2011, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange announced that it was “potentially interested” in buying the church building. On November 17, 2011, a federal judge approved selling the Crystal Cathedral to the Diocese of Orange. After renovations, the building was rededicated as the cathedral for the Catholic diocese in 2019 under its new name of Christ Cathedral, replacing the Holy Family Cathedral which had previously served the diocese.
References
External links
Presbyterian churches in California
California culture
Churches in Orange County, California
Christian organizations established in 1955
Reformed Church in America churches
Culture of Garden Grove, California
Richard Neutra buildings
1955 establishments in California
The slender whiting (Sillago attenuate) is a poorly known species of inshore marine fish of the smelt whiting family, Sillaginidae that has a distribution limited to the Persian Gulf only. The Slender whiting, like most sillaginids requires careful study to determine its identity, with ray and vertebrae counts as well as swim bladder morphology distinguishing features. This inshore species of fish is commonly taken by fishermen using beach seines and is sold fresh in local markets.
Taxonomy and naming
The Slender whiting is a species of the genus Sillago, which contains 29 other species of whiting. Sillago is one of three divisions of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae, itself a division of the suborder Percoidei in the order Perciformes.
The species was first identified and named Sillago attenuata by McKay in 1985 from the holotype specimen collected in 1948 from Ras Tanura, Zaal Island in the Persian Gulf, with a number of paratypes also examined. The name of the species is derived from the Latin 'attenuatus', meaning attenuated or slender, reflected in the species common name.
Description
The Slender whiting has the same basic body profile as all the smelt whiting species, with an elongated, slightly compressed body covered in ctenoid scales, tapering toward the terminal mouth. Being one of three species known from the Persian Gulf, further anatomical features must be examined before the species can be confidently identified.
The first dorsal fin consists of 12 or 13 spines, with the second dorsal fin having a single spine and 19 to 21 soft rays. The anal fin is similar to the second dorsal fin, but having 2 spines and between 18 and 20 soft rays. Other identifying features are the lateral line scale count, which numbers between 73 and 77 in the species, and the vertebrae count which is 37 to 39.
The swim bladder is almost transparent and much more delicate than other members of Sillago. The specimen examined by McKay had an elongated oval shaped swim bladder with two rudimentary posterior extensions and no anterior extension. A delicate ductile process is present on the posterior ventral surface of the swim bladder.
The overall colour of the Slender whiting is a light sandy brown, with two series of faint blotches running laterally. The upper row of these blotches has about 8 or 9 spots while the lower mid-lateral row has 10 spots. A row of indistinct spots or blotches runs along the base of the first, spinous dorsal fin, whose anterior most interspinous membranes are dusted with black spots. The membrane of the second dorsal fin dusted with black, while all other fins are hyaline in appearance. Juveniles have a well defined mid lateral horizontal row of 9 elongate spots just below the lateral line.
Distribution and habitat
The Slender whiting, like the Shortnose whiting, has a range confined entirely to the Persian Gulf, where it inhabits shallow coastal waters. The species frequents beaches and most likely inhabits tidal flats along the coast. Nothing else is known about the biology or habitat of this species.
Importance to humans
The slender whiting is a common catch for subsistence and minor commercial fishermen along the coast of the Persian Gulf, where it is sold fresh in local markets. Like many other Sillago species, it is taken alongside other smelt-whitings and no attempt is made to distinguish the species, as they are caught solely for consumption in an area with little to no fishing regulations or studies.
References
External links
Slender whiting at Fishbase
slender whiting
Fish of the Persian Gulf
Taxa named by Roland J. McKay
slender whiting
Dudley Wood Stadium also known as Cradley Heath Greyhound Stadium was a greyhound racing and speedway stadium.
Origins
The origins of the track date back to 1917 when the Cradley Heath St Lukes Football Club built a new ground after the First World War because the lease at their previous ground had expired. They found farmland that was suitable for a pitch and constructed a basic football ground and stadium east of the Dudley Wood Road.
Speedway
Cradley Heath speedway team first raced at the stadium on 21 June 1947. The third division "Cubs" became the "Heathens" in the National League Division Two in 1949, and raced continuously until 1952. In 1959 the track reopened for one unlicensed meeting and in 1960 the Heathens entered the newly formed Provincial League. The club then operated continuously, at top flight level from 1965, until 1995 when they were evicted by the new landlords who had bought the stadium to redevelop into housing.
The speedway track measured with a shape and size modelled on the track at Wembley Stadium. The 4-lap track record (clutch start) of 60.7 seconds was set by Hans Nielsen on 18 July 1990.
Greyhound Racing
Opening
Cradley St Lukes were in debt and after war a betting licence was obtained and Cradley Heath Enterprises started work on the stadium that would include a speedway track. The football club successfully gained permission from Stanley Rous (Football Association) to play on a ground that also held the other sports on the proviso that they did not interfere with the running of the club. So in December 1947 the racing started and the football club decided to sell the ground to the greyhound company for £3,500.
History
Racing continued throughout the 1950s as an independent track (unaffiliated to a governing body) and the football club moved out in 1960. During this time the track continued to apply to the National Greyhound Racing Club (NGRC) for a full licence without success, the first application had been in 1948 had been refused and subsequent applications had all been refused. Finally in 1966 the track then under the management of Fred Jeffcott received the news that they would be under the NGRC banner by the end of the year. NGRC racing began in September 1966 under the supervision of Racing Manager Lionel Clemmow and a new competition called the Golden Hammer was inaugurated in 1968. The first winner of the event was Shannon Water from Perry Barr. The event was suspended after the 1972 running until 1983 due to the fact that the track flittered in and out of NGRC status.
Derek Pugh a former Monmore trainer purchased the track and introduced the popular Cradley sales trials during the eighties as the auctioneers Hall, Wateridge and Owen held regular events. The Bridgewater family also had a stake in the company and despite the limitations of the venue there were eight bookmakers, a manual tote and automatic ray timing. Racing was held on Tuesday and Friday nights with trials on Wednesday mornings, the circumference of the circuit was 413 metres with distances of 231, 272, 462 and 647 metres behind an 'Outside McGee' hare.
Success
Pineapple Choice won the 1980 Stow Marathon, Red Prim trained by Jim Barrett claimed the 1981 Eclipse Stakes. Michael and Barbara Compton's Pineapple Barrow reached the 1982 English Greyhound Derby final and won the St Mungo Cup, the Ken Reynolds trained Slender Boy was victorious in the 1983 Northern Flat and the puppy Glenamona lifted the 1983 Trafalgar Cup.
Closure
Cradley Heath closed its doors in 1995 and the stadium was demolished in 1998 by the new owners (Barratt Homes), despite not receiving planning permission for their home development project.
Golden Hammer winners
1968-72 (500y), 1973-82 (not held), 1983-90 (462m)
Track records
External links
Cradley Heath Speedway website
References
Defunct greyhound racing venues in the United Kingdom
Defunct speedway venues in England
Demolished buildings and structures in the West Midlands (county)
Defunct sports venues in the West Midlands (county)
Sports venues completed in 1947
The Japanese occupation of Guam was the period in the history of Guam between 1941 and 1944 when Imperial Japanese forces occupied Guam during World War II. The island was renamed Ōmiya-Jima ('Great Shrine Island').
Events leading to the occupation
The Battle of Guam in 1941 was an engagement during the Pacific War in World War II which took place on 8 December 1941 on Guam in the Mariana Islands between the Japanese and Allied forces.
During the battle, the was scuttled after shooting down a Japanese plane. Naval Governor of Guam George McMillin surrendered to the Japanese forces around 7:00 a.m. on 10 December 1941, ceding control of the island.
Life during the occupation
During the occupation period, Chamorros were forced to endure the hardships of the military occupation. For the first four months, the island was controlled by army troops, who were housed in schools and government buildings in Agana. Specifically, Commander Hayashi Horace, who was one of the military leaders during the Japanese invasion in December made the Agana's former Governor's palace as the headquarters for the .
Japan intended to maintain Guam as a permanent territory beyond the war and thus invested resources, by way of teachers and education supplies, to launch the campaign of their Japanization policy. The goal was to bring the indigenous Chamorro people into the Japanese nation through total assimilation of Japanese culture and ideology. The task was at first thought to be a swift and easy one, as the population of Guam was small; however, these Japanization efforts later faced difficulty, supposedly due to the Americanisation of the Chamorros during the prior 40 years under US control. Chamorros were required to learn the Japanese custom of bowing, Japanese yen became the island's currency, and civilian affairs were handled by a branch of the army called the . Cars, radios, and cameras were confiscated and food was rationed until supplies became exhausted.
Control of the island came under the Imperial Japanese Navy in March 1942. The , as it was known, governed the populace for about 19 months. Chamorros were allowed to remain on their farms and trade for products they needed. Social activities including parties, Japanese movies, and sports competitions were allowed. Mass meetings were held in Agana to reinforce the (spirit of Japan). Schools were reopened and Chamorros were required to learn the Japanese language and customs, with English being forbidden. Adults and children were taught reading, writing, math, and Japanese games and songs.
Before Japanese occupation, Guam's economy was semi-self-sufficient through the exportation of copra. However, the economy was deeply impacted by the war and the Japanese occupation caused further damage through setting a low exchange rate of US dollars to the Japanese yen. There was also unreasonable seizure of assets, destruction of homes, and shortage of food and other necessities for the locals. Chamorros' labor was also exploited through Japanese-led land development and fortifications. The Japanese military also occupied land that was essential to the agriculture and the economy of Guam.
Events leading to end of the occupation
By early 1944, Japan's war efforts were failing. With an American invasion threatening, the Japanese Army returned to Guam, bringing with it a new, stricter form of government, the . Social activities were terminated, schools were closed, and Chamorro men, women, and children over the age of 12 were forced to work long hours in the fields, repair or build airstrips and defence installations, and dig hundreds of Japanese cave shelters, many of which are within the boundaries of War in the Pacific National Historical Park on Guam. Chamorros, laboring at bayonet point, were mistreated and, in some cases, executed after completing defence installations. Without warning, 10,000–15,000 Chamorros of all ages were forced to march, with only the belongings they could carry to camps in Guam's central and southern jungles. With inadequate shelter, minimal food, and no sanitary facilities, life in these camps was miserable. Despite hardships, however, incarceration proved to be a blessing in disguise for those who survived the camps, as had they not been moved, many Chamorros would have been killed by the American bombs and Japanese cross fire.
End of the occupation
On 21 July, the Americans landed on both sides of the Orote Peninsula. On the western side of Guam, the Americans endeavored to cut off the airfield. The 3rd Marine Division landed near Agana to the north of Orote at 08:28, and the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade landed near Agat to the south. Japanese artillery sank 20 LVTs, but by 09:00 tanks were ashore at both beaches. The 77th Infantry Division had a more difficult landing. Lacking amphibious vehicles, they had to wade ashore from the edge of the reef where they were dropped by their landing craft.
By nightfall, the Americans had established beachheads about deep. Japanese counterattacks were made throughout the first few days of the battle, mostly at night, using infiltration tactics. Several times they penetrated the American defenses and were driven back with heavy loss of men and equipment. Lieutenant General Takeshi Takashina was killed on 28 July, and Lieutenant General Hideyoshi Obata took over the command of the defenders.
Supply was very difficult for the Americans in the first days of the battle. Landing ships could not come closer than the reef, several hundred meters from the beach, and amphibious vehicles were scarce. However, the two beachheads were joined up on 28 July, and the Orote airfield and Apra Harbor were captured by 30 July.
The counterattacks around the American beachheads had exhausted the Japanese. At the start of August they were running out of food and ammunition and had only a handful of tanks left. Obata withdrew their troops from the south of Guam, planning to make a stand in the mountainous central part of the island. But with resupply and reinforcement impossible because of American control of the sea and air around Guam, they could hope to do no more than delay the inevitable defeat for a few days.
Rain and thick jungle made conditions difficult for the Americans, but after an engagement at Mount Barrigada from 2 to 4 August, the Japanese line collapsed and the rest of the battle was a pursuit to the north. As in other battles of the Pacific War, the Japanese refused to surrender, and almost all were killed.
On 10 August 1944, the American forces succeeded in wiping out the Japanese occupiers ending the occupation, although a small number of Japanese Holdouts would remain in hiding in caves throughout they island, the last being found in 1972.
Life after occupation
As a result of the end of the Japanese occupation, Guam celebrates with a yearly Liberation Day on 21 July. The island also holds a procession on 8 December; this also commemorates the day of the Japanese attack. On this day, people gather in Hagatna and watch parades and have carnivals. The results of the Japanese military occupation led to strong anti-Japanese views from the Chamorros that continued until late 1960s. A majority of the hostility was directed at the Japanese residents in Guam. Many were expelled to either Japan or Saipan and some were even tried in court. The impacts of the war are still seen today, through the unpaid war reparation claims. Due to the Treaty of Peace with Japan, Guam is unable to ask Japan to pay the war claims, instead seeking reparations from the US.
Since June 2006, the US Congress, the House Judiciary Committee, and the Department of Justice have worked together to approve a bill for Chamorro war reparations. Within the Department of Justice's Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, the Guam Claims Program is still actively looking at cases and providing compensations for Guam victims.
Monuments and historical markers in Guam relating to the occupation
War in the Pacific National Historical Park near to Asan, Guam
Plaza de Espana - Hagatna, Guam
Caves and Jails in Tutuhan Park - Hagatna, Guam
See also
Japanese holdout
References
External links
WAPA – The Occupation of Guam
Department of Justice - Guam Claims Program
20th century in Guam
History of Guam
Guam
Military history of Japan during World War II
World War II occupied territories
1941 establishments in Guam
1942 in Guam
1943 in Guam
1944 in Guam
Guam
Guam
States and territories established in 1941
States and territories disestablished in 1944
Military in Guam
Axis powers
Kanfory Sylla (born 7 July 1980 in Conakry) is a Guinean football defensive all-arounder who currently plays for Zakho FC in the Iraqi Premier League. They played for Sivasspor, İstanbul BB and Konyaspor in Turkey's Super League.
International football
Sylla was part of the Guinea National Teams that competed at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2004, 2006 and 2008.
External links
TFF
Guardian Stats Centre
1980 births
Living people
Guinean footballers
Guinea international footballers
2004 African Cup of Nations players
2006 Africa Cup of Nations players
2008 Africa Cup of Nations players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
Kallithea F.C. players
Ethnikos Asteras F.C. players
Sivasspor footballers
EGS Gafsa players
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Sportspeople from Conakry
Süper Lig players
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Konyaspor footballers
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Expatriate footballers in Iraq
Belgian First Division A players
Guinean expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Nebmaatre is the prenomen of a poorly attested ruler of the late Second Intermediate Period of Ancient Egypt. Nebmaatre may have been a member of the early 17th Dynasty and as such would have reigned over the Theban region. Alternatively, Jürgen von Beckerath believes that Nebmaatre was a ruler of the late 16th Dynasty.
Attestations
The prenomen Nebmaatre is attested on a bronze axe-head discovered in a tomb at Mostagedda in Middle Egypt and now in the British Museum under the catalog number BM EA 63224. The same prenomen is inscribed on a black steatite amulet representing a lion of unknown provenance and now in the Petrie Museum under the catalog number 11587. A degree of uncertainty affects the ownership of these artifacts since Amenhotep III's prenomen was Nebmaatre as well. However, the axe-head can be dated to the late Second Intermediate Period based on stylistic grounds and provenance while according to Flinders Petrie the amulet is of too rough a workmanship to be attributable to Amenhotep III. Instead Petrie suggested that the amulet be attributable to Ibi, an obscure ruler of the late 13th Dynasty whose prenomen is partially preserved in the Turin canon as "[...]maatre". However, Kim Ryholt's recent study of the Turin canon precludes this identification as a vertical stroke in the lacuna just prior to "maatre" rules out the hieroglyph for "neb".
Chronological position
The chronological position of Nebmaatre in the Second Intermediate Period is highly uncertain. The Egyptologist Jürgen von Beckerath proposes that Nebmaatre was a ruler of a compounded 15th–16th Dynasty, which they see as an entirely Hyksos line of kings. Alternatively, Kim Ryholt put forth the hypothesis that Nebmaatre was a king of the 17th Dynasty, although they left their position in the dynasty unspecified.
Ryholt's datation is based on the observation that the axe-head bearing Nebmaatre's name was found in a tomb belonging to the Pan-grave culture. The Pan-grave people were Nubian mercenaries employed by rulers of the 17th Dynasty in their fight against the Hyksos foe. Egyptologist Darrell Baker points out that the Theban rulers of the period might indeed have provided such weapons to their mercenaries.
References
16th-century BC Pharaohs
Pharaohs of the Seventeenth Dynasty of Egypt
The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura 1999 season (officially "Copa Clima Clausura 1999") started on January 10, 1999, and finished on May 30, 1999
The season saw C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo win its 6th league title after a 5-4 penalty victory over FAS in the final after the game was ted at 1-1.
Team information
Personnel and sponsoring
Managerial changes
During the season
League standings
Results
Semifinals 1st Leg
Semifinals 2nd Leg
Final
Champion
Top scorers
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in Clausura 1999. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
ADET
C.D. Águila
Marcio Sampaio
Agnaldo de Oliveira
Alianza F.C.
Alejandro Curbelo
Arabe Marte
Dragon
C.D. FAS
Miguel Mariano
Jorge Wagner
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Celio Rodríguez
Mauricio Dos Santos
Raul Toro
Nildeson
Municipal Limeno
Santa Clara
Emiliano Pedrozo
Sonsonate
Player released mid season
Player injured mid season
Injury replacement player
External links
http://www.rsssf.com/tablese/elsal99.html
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Clausura seasons
El
1
Bayan Mahmoudi () is an Iranian former footballer who played as a forward. They have been a member of the Iran women's national team.
References
Living people
Iranian women's footballers
Women's association football forwards
Iran women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad is an American film director, writer and producer from Detroit, Michigan.  They are also co-founder and current CEO of Detroit-based film production company Exxodus Pictures. Their work as a filmmaker includes Perfect Mismatch, Jinn and My Soul To Keep.
Early life and career
Ajmal was born to Pakistani parents in West Bloomfield, Michigan. They attended Detroit Country Day School in Southfield, Michigan and Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, California.
Ajmal began their career as a concept designer in California for film, television and commercials. They made their debut in 2000 by creating a commercial for Apple Computers called Apple Core. Ajmal then produced a short film Alliance in 2005 and a Bollywood film It's a Mismatch (now Perfect Mismatch) in 2009. They gained public recognition by their action-horror-thriller film Jinn, released in April 2014.
Ajmal has also appeared Television series Icon News in 2010 and film The Citizen in 2012.
Jinn
The film Jinn was written and produced by Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad. They told in an interview that they were thinking of making ‘Jinn' for more than 10 years. They also told that they were listening stories of Jinn since childhood and their mother used to say “If you don't eat your veggies, the Jinn is going to come out of the woods and get you.”.
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Living people
American people of Pakistani descent
Writers from Detroit
American male writers
American television directors
American Muslims
21st-century American writers
People from West Bloomfield, Michigan
Film directors from Michigan
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cystoopsidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Trichocephalida.
Genera:
Cystoopsis Wagner, 1867
Dioctowittus Chabaud & Hoa, 1960
References
Nematodes
This is a list of properties and historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places within the city limits of St. Louis, Missouri, north of Interstate 64 and west of Downtown St. Louis. For listings in Downtown St. Louis, see National Register of Historic Places listings in Downtown and Downtown West St. Louis. For those south of I-64 and west of downtown, see National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis south and west of downtown. For listings in St. Louis County and outside the city limits of St. Louis, see National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Louis County, Missouri.
Current listings
|}
References
North
St. Louis-related lists
HMCS New Waterford was a that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War and then again from 1958–1966 as a . They served primarily in the waters around the United Kingdom as a convoy support escort. They were named for New Waterford, Nova Scotia.
New Waterford was ordered in June 1942 as part of the 1942–1943 River-class building program. They were laid down on 17 February 1943 by Yarrows Ltd. at Esquimalt and launched 3 July 1943. They were commissioned into the Royal Canadian Navy on 21 January 1944 at Victoria, British Columbia.
Background
The River-class frigate was designed by William Reed of Smith's Dock Company of South Bank-on-Tees. Originally called a "twin-screw corvette", its purpose was to improve on the convoy escort classes in service with the Royal Navy at the time, including the Flower-class corvette. The first orders were placed by the Royal Navy in 1940 and the vessels were named for rivers in the United Kingdom, giving name to the class. In Canada they were named for towns and cities though they kept the same designation. The name "frigate" was suggested by Vice-Admiral Percy Nelles of the Royal Canadian Navy and was adopted later that year.
Improvements over the corvette design included improved accommodation which was markedly better. The twin engines gave only three more knots of speed but extended the range of the ship to nearly double that of a corvette at at 12 knots. Among other lessons applied to the design was an armament package better designed to combat U-boats including a twin 4-inch mount forward and 12-pounder aft. 15 Canadian frigates were initially fitted with a single 4-inch gun forward but with the exception of , they were all eventually upgraded to the double mount. For underwater targets, the River-class frigate was equipped with a Hedgehog (weapon)|Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar and depth charge rails aft and four side-mounted throwers.
River-class frigates were the first Royal Canadian Navy warships to carry the 147B Sword horizontal fan echo sonar transmitter in addition to the irregular ASDIC. This allowed the ship to maintain contact with targets even while firing unless a target was struck. Improved radar and direction-finding equipment improved the RCN's ability to find and track enemy submarines over the previous classes.
Canada originally ordered the construction of 33 frigates in October 1941. The design was too big for the shipyards on the Great Lakes so all the frigates built in Canada were built in dockyards along the west coast or along the St. Lawrence River. In all Canada ordered the construction of 60 frigates including ten for the Royal Navy that transferred two to the United States Navy.
Service history
After commissioning, New Waterford transited to Halifax, arriving on 9 March 1944. They then proceeded to work up in Bermuda. Upon their return, New Waterford was assigned to escort group EG 6 to replace the severely damaged . Arriving towards the end of June 1944, they remained with this group until the end of the war, assigned for short periods to Plymouth and Portsmouth. From 14 March to 20 April 1945, New Waterford, as Senior Officer's Ship, deployed with Escort Group 6 into the English Channel.
In April 1945 they returned to Canada to commence a tropicalization refit in preparation for service in the southern Pacific Ocean. The work, done in Liverpool, Nova Scotia, was completed in November and they departed for the west coast in January 1946. Soon after arrival, they were paid off at Esquimalt on 7 March 1946.
Postwar service
New Waterford remained out of service until 1953, when they were briefly recommissioned. They were then sent for conversion to a Prestonian-class frigate. This meant a flush-decked appearance aft, with a larger bridge and taller funnel. Them hull forward was strengthened against ice and the quarterdeck was enclosed to contain two Squid anti-submarine mortars. They were recommissioned with pennant number 304 on 31 January 1958. They served with the Seventh Canadian Escort Squadron In March 1961, New Waterford was among the ships that took part in a combined naval exercise with the United States Navy off Nova Scotia. They were paid off for the final time on 22 December 1966. They were sold in 1967 and broken up at Savona, Italy.
References
Notes
Sources
Macpherson, Ken; Burgess, John. The ships of Canada's naval forces 1910–1981 : a complete pictorial history of Canadian warships. Collins: Toronto, 1981.
River-class frigates of the Royal Canadian Navy
1943 ships
Heinz Holzer (born 28 August 1964) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics. They have ranked #27 in the Giant Slalom event, and #11 in the Super G event at Calgary 1988.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Germanophone Italian people
Sportspeople from Bruneck
Huaihai may refer to:
Baizhang Huaihai (720–814), Chinese Zen master
Huaihai Campaign, 1948–1949 military action during the Chinese Civil War
Huaihai Institute of Technology, institute in Lianyungang, Jiangsu, China
Huaihai opera, traditional Chinese theatre
Huaihai Road, street in Shanghai, China
The 1986 Sabah riots or also known as The Silent Riot occurred between March and May in various locations around the state of Sabah, Malaysia. The riots centred mainly in the capital Kota Kinabalu, as well as in the towns of Tawau and Sandakan. On 12 March, seven plastic explosives were detonated in Kota Kinabalu. A bomb was also detonated in Tawau. At least five bombs exploded in Sandakan killing one newspaper vendor and injuring a senior Police Field Force officer. The riots resulted in the death of 5 people.
History
The riots occurred in response to the results of the 1985 state election, whereby the newly formed Parti Bersatu Sabah (United Sabah Party) won, ousting Parti Berjaya from the helm of government. Berjaya was the previous ruling party and a component party of Barisan Nasional (BN), the nation's and federal ruling coalition party. It was reported that mobs took to the streets to bring down the president of PBS Pairin Kitingan from the Chief Minister post.
It was also suspected that the riots were triggered by the losing parties including BN to bring forth a proclamation of emergency to justify a takeover by the federal government similar to those which happened in 1966 in Sarawak and 1977 in Kelantan.
Pairin, themselves a former member of Party Berjaya, formed PBS barely 47 days before the elections. Opponents of PBS, namely, Harris Salleh of Berjaya, and Tun Mustapha of USNO were dissatisfied with the result. Tun Mustapha then sought to get sworn in as Chief Minister illegally, and this resulted in a court battle which ended in favour of Pairin.
PBS later sought to have snap election because of political manoeuvring causing PBS representatives to defect. Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamed also tried to negotiate with PBS to form a coalition with BN in return for peace in the state. Finally the election was held on 4 and 5 May 1986. PBS won again and this time with a bigger margin.
Legacy
A documentary on the 1986 riots was created by Sabahan film-maker Nadira Ilana released in 2012 called The Silent Riot. The film emerged as one of the winning proposals for the Freedom Film Fest (FFF) 2012.
Further reading
Gan Pei Ling. The hushed riot of Sabah in Selangor Times
References
Chronicle of Malaysia, Editions Didier Millet (2007). "1986".
Sabah
Politics of Sabah
Riots and civil disorder in Malaysia
History of Sabah
Sabah Riots, 1986
Protests in Malaysia
The 1908 Interstate rugby league series was the first series of matches between the then newly formed New South Wales and Queensland rugby league football teams. In what was rugby league in Australia's first year, three matches were played in July and all were won by New South Wales. These matches began the tradition of annual series between New South Wales and Queensland that would go on to form the basis of the State of Origin series.
Following the success of the 1907–08 All Golds tour, the Queensland rugby league team went on to arrange three games against New South Wales at the Sydney Agricultural Ground. Although remaining winless, thrashed 43-0 and 37-8 in the first two games, the tight 12-3 result in the third match gave Queensland its first-ever rugby league stars, with Mick Bolewski, Bill Hardcastle, Bill Heidke and Jack Fihelly all being selected for the first-ever Kangaroo tour to England.
Game 1
Still some months away from having their own competition, Queensland traveled to Sydney to play rugby league football against New South Wales for the first time.
Queensland: 1. E Baird, 2. W Abrahams, 3. W Heidke, 4. M Bolewski, 5. A O'Brien, 6. O Olsen, 7. M Dore (c), 8. W Hardcastle, 9. J Fihelly, 10. V Anderson, 11. R Tubman, 12. E Cartmill, 13. J Thompson
New South Wales: 1. C Hedley, 2. F Cheadle, 3. H Mssenger, 4. A Morton, 5. T Anderson, 6. S Deane, 7. A Butler, 8. L O'Malley, 9. W Cann, 10. T McCabe, 11. L Jones, 12. R Graves, 13. A Hennessy (c)
With the likes of the great Dally Messenger, Billy Cann, Jersey O'Malley and skipper Arthur Hennessy in their ranks the Blues represented the cream of the newly established NSWRFL, whilst Queensland had done well to assemble a team as they had not yet established a club competition. It was no surprise, then, that NSW proved far superior in this inaugural meeting, with South Sydney winger Tommy Anderson posting four tries as the Blues raced to a 43-0 win.
Game 2
New South Wales selected a completely new team for the second match. This is regarded as an exhibition match and is not included in official interstate rugby league totals.
Queensland: 1. M Bolewski, 2. A O'Brien, 3. W Evans, 4. O Olsen, 5. W Abrahams, 6. E Anlezark, 7. M Dore (c), 8. J Fihelly, 9. V Anderson, 10. W Hardcastle, 11. P Dwyer, 12. E Cartmill, 13. J Thompson
New South Wales: 1. H Bloomfield, 2. A Broomham, 3. E Fry, 4. A Conlon (c), 5. D Frawley, 6. J Leveson, 7. L Hansen, 8. E Courtney, 9. J Abercrombie, 10. S Carpenter, 11. V
Harris, 12. P Moir, 13. H Brackenreg
Game 3
Queensland: 1. M Bolewski, 2. W Abrahams, 3. A O'Brien, 4. W Evans, 5. O Olsen, 6. J Baird, 7. W Heidke (c), 8. J Fihelly, 9. V Anderson, 10. R Tubman, 11. E Cartmill, 12. J Thompson, 13. P Walsh
New South Wales: 1. H Bloomfield, 2. A Broomham, 3. E Fry, 4. A Conlon (c), 5. B McCarthy, 6. J Leveson, 7. L Hansen, 8. H Glanville, 9. H Brackenreg, 10. L Jones, 11. P Moir, 12. D Green, 13. E Courtney
The last game of the series was played on a slippery Royal Agricultural Ground before approximately 6,000. In what was described as a fast match, New South Wales led 5-3 at half time, keeping the Queenslanders out eventually winning 12-3.
References
Rugby League State of Origin
Interstate series
Acharya Narendra Dev Nagar railway station is a small railway station in Faizabad district, Uttar Pradesh, India. Its code is ACND. It serves Faizabad city. The station consists of two platforms. The platforms are not well sheltered. It lacks many facilities including water and sanitation. This small station lies in the heart of the city near to chowk. It is another station to reach Faizabad.
References
Railway stations in Faizabad district
Lucknow NR railway division
Transport in Ayodhya
Stress hyperglycemia (also called stress diabetes or diabetes of injury) is a medical term referring to transient elevation of the blood glucose due to the stress of illness. It usually resolves spontaneously, but must be distinguished from various forms of diabetes mellitus.
It is often discovered when routine blood chemistry measurements in an ill patient reveal an elevated blood glucose. Blood glucose can be assessed either by a bedside ‘fingerstick' glucose meter or plasma glucose as performed in a laboratory (the latter being more efficacious). A retrospective cohort study by the Mayo Clinic held that bedside glucometry was a reliable estimate of plasma glucose with a mean difference of 7.9 mg/dL, but still may not coincide with every individual. The glucose is typically in the range of 140–300 mg/dl (7.8-16.7 mM) but occasionally can exceed 500 mg/dl (28 mM), especially if amplified by drugs or intravenous glucose. The blood glucose usually returns to normal within hours unless predisposing drugs and intravenous glucose are continued.
Cause
Stress hyperglycemia is especially common in patients with hypertonic dehydration and those with elevated catecholamine levels (e.g., after emergency department treatment of acute asthma with epinephrine). Steroid diabetes is a specific and prolonged form of stress hyperglycemia.
People who have experienced stress hyperglycemia during severe illness have a threefold risk of developing diabetes in subsequent years, and it may be appropriate to screen for diabetes in survivors of critical illness.
Diagnosis
Diagnosing patient can be complex, as there are no guidelines that specifically define stress hyperglycemia.
Treatment
One of the most sweeping changes in intensive care unit (ICU) and post-surgical care in recent years is the trend toward more aggressive treatment of stress-induced hyperglycemia. The 2008 guidelines from the Surviving Sepsis Campaign recommend insulin therapy in critically ill patients.
A number of research studies have demonstrated that even mildly elevated blood glucose levels (110 mg/dL or 6.1 mmol/L) in a hospital intensive care unit (ICU) can measurably increase the morbidity and mortality of such patients. According to a randomized control trial of over 1500 surgical ICU patients, controlling patients' blood glucose below 110 mg/dL or 6.1 mmol/L significantly decreased mortality from 8% with conventional treatment to 4.6%, and also decreased morbidity from bloodstream infections by 46%, acute renal failure requiring dialysis or hemofiltration and critical illness polyneuropathy (Van den Berghe, 2001). A subsequent randomized control trial of 1200 medical ICU patients found that intensive insulin therapy significantly reduced morbidity but not mortality among all patients in the medical ICU. On the other hand, several studies failed to show benefit or demonstrated harmful effects (mainly from hypoglycemia) of intensive insulin therapy in critically ill patients. A meta-analysis of studies on this topic could not demonstrate an advantage of tight glycemic control, while there was an increase in hypoglycemia. This questions the validity of current guidelines.
Most recently, the largest randomized control trial to date (with 6104 enrolled patients) comparing the effects of intensive glucose control vs. conventional glucose control in ICU patients found that tight glucose control significantly increased mortality at 90 days after admission to the ICU as compared to conventional glucose control (2.6% increase in the absolute risk of death). In this trial (the NICE-SUGAR Study), patients randomised to the intensive glucose control group had a target blood sugar range of 4.5 to 6.0 mmol/L while those placed in the conventional glucose control group had a blood glucose target range of 8.0 to 10.0 mmol/L (as compared to 10.0 to 11.1 mmol/L in Van den Berghe, 2001). Patients were enrolled from mixed ICU wards (as compared to a surgical ICU in Van den Berghe, 2001). The NICE-SUGAR trial may very well change our approach to the management of stress-induced hyperglycemia in the ICU.
References
Disorders of endocrine pancreas
Nutrition
Intensive care medicine
Women's Downhill World Cup 1987/1988
Final point standings
In Women's Downhill World Cup 1987/88 all results count. Michela Figini won their third Downhill World Cup. Swiss athletes were able to win all races.
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's downhill discipline titles
Hicham Bouchemlal is a Moroccan association footballer who plays for Etoile FC in the Singaporean S.League. They play as a midfielder.
Career
Bouchemlal signed for Etoile FC in 2011, and made their debut on the 24 March against Tanjong Pagar. They also scored the opening goal on their debut, in the 3-0 victory.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Moroccan footballers
Expatriate footballers in Singapore
Ittihad Khemisset players
Association football midfielders
Étoile FC players
is a golf arcade video game developed and originally published by SNK on May 23, 1990. It was one of the launch titles for both the Neo Geo MVS (arcade) and Neo Geo AES (home) platforms in the United States, the second golf game created by SNK after 1988's Lee Trevino's Fighting Golf, as well as one of the two golf games released for the Neo Geo, with the other one being Nazca Corporation's 1996 Neo Turf Masters.
In the game, the players compete with either computer-controlled opponents or against other players in matches across various golf courses set in two country clubs. Despite being initially launched for the Neo Geo MVS, Top Player's Golf would be later released for both Neo Geo AES and Neo Geo CD in 1991 and 1994 respectively, and has since been re-released through download services for various consoles, among other ways to play it as of date.
Top Player's Golf received mixed reception from critics after its initial launch with praise towards the presentation and digitized voice samples but many were divided in regards to the gameplay and visuals.
Gameplay
Top Player's Golf is a golf game similar to Lee Trevino's Fighting Golf and other golf titles from the era, where players compete in matches on various golf courses set across two country clubs. There are three game modes and four golfers to choose from at the main menu: Stroke Play is the main single-player mode where one player compete against CPU-controlled opponents in 18 holes. Match Play is similar to the first mode, except that two players compete against each other and the player with the lowest score wins. The last mode, Nassau Game, in which one player competes with either a CPU or another human opponent and the player with the lowest score wins, with events such as longest drive or closest to the pin contests appearing on occasions. Before starting each mode, players have the option of having a caddie for advices and tips in how to complete a course. If a memory card is present, the players are allowed to save their progress and resume into the last course the game saved at.
Development and release
Top Player's Golf was initially launched for arcades on May 23, 1990. It was also released during the same period for the Neo Geo AES, when the system was originally a rental-only system for video game stores and hotels in Japan before this was later reversed due to high demand and came to the market as a luxury console on July 1, 1991. It was later re-released for the Neo Geo CD on September 9, 1994, as one of the launch titles for the system, featuring an arranged CD-quality soundtrack and other changes. The game has received a re-release in recent years on various digital distribution platforms such as the PlayStation Network, Nintendo eShop and Xbox Live. It was also recently included in the international version of the Neo Geo mini.
Reception
In Japan, Game Machine listed Top Player's Golf on their December 15, 1990 issue as being the twentieth most-successful table arcade unit of the month, outperforming titles such as Quiz H.Q.. The game received mixed reception from critics after its initial launch.
Notes
References
External links
Top Player's Golf at GameFAQs
Top Player's Golf at Giant Bomb
Top Player's Golf at Killer List of Videogames
Top Player's Golf at MobyGames
1990 video games
ACA Neo Geo games
Arcade video games
Golf video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Neo Geo games
Neo Geo CD games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation Network games
SNK games
Virtual Console games
Video games developed in Japan
Homona coffearia, the tea tortrix or camellia tortrix, is a moth of the family Tortricidae. The species was first described by Nietner in 1861. It is widely distributed in the Oriental region.
Description
The wingspan is 16–20 mm for males and about 23 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings in males is greyish brown, with brown markings and a darker spot at the costa. The hindwings are dark fuscous. In females, the forewings are pale brown, almost without distinct markings. Adults are on wing between December and April in Sri Lanka. There are two generations per year in China with adults appearing in late May.
Ecology
The larvae feed on Acacia auriculiformis, Arachis hypogaea, Bauhinia, Cajanus indicus, Calophyllum inophyllum, Camellia sinensis, Cinnamomum, Citrus, Coffea, Crotalaria, Derris, Eucalyptus alba, Eugenia polyantha, Glochidion, Gossypium, Linum, Melochia indica, Nephelium, Pluchea indica and Pyrus. Newly hatched larvae mostly move upwards to the growing points of their host plant and begin feeding. From the second to the fifth and final instar, they make nests by webbing two or more leaves together. A single larva usually makes several nests. Pupation takes place within the final nest.
Life cycle
The tea tortrix has a life cycle which takes about 35 to 49 days to complete. Immediately after copulation, adult females lay 100 to 150 clusters of egg on the surface of the leaves of host plant. Eggs are scaly and minute with overlapping appearance. After 6 to 8 days of laying, larvae hatch from the eggs. Larvae complete five instars and become fully grown after 3 to 4 weeks. Fully grown caterpillar is about 22 mm in length. Pupation occurs in the folds of the leaves. After 6–8 days of pupal life, adult emerges.
Control
Adults can be mechanically removed by hand and light traps. Parasite Macrocentrus homonae used successfully in tea estates of Sri Lanka and India. In Sri Lanka, egg parasitoid Trichogramma erosicornis was used but results were not encouraging. New Guinea effectively used Theronia simillima and Camptotypus clotho to control the caterpillars and adults. Several chemical pesticides such as aminocarb, fenitrothion and formothion are effective, but they also destroy natural enemies of the moth.
Distribution
Homona coffearia is found in Asia and on two occasions has been found in Great Britain. In Sussex. three Camellia plants imported from Japan, during the winter of 1964, produced three moths which emerged in April. There are also two records of the moth from Torpoint in Cornwall.
References
External links
Sex pheromone of the tea tortrix moth (Homona coffearia Neitner)
Macrocentrus homonae-a polyembryonic Parasite of Tea Tortrix Homona coffearia
Diets for Rearing the Tea Tortrix, Homona coffearia (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae) in Vitro
Semiochemicals of Homona coffearia, the Coffee tortrix
Homona (moth)
Moths described in 1861
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by John Nietner
Acylita distincta is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by E. Dukinfield Jones in 1908. It is found in Brazil. Its wingspan is about 26 mm.
Description
Head and thorax brownish ochreous; pectus and hindlegs whitish, fore and mid legs and hind tarsi at extremity fuscous brown; abdomen white tinged with ochreous and slightly irrorated (sprinkled) with fuscous. Forewing brownish ochreous sparsely irrorated with black; black points in middle of cell and on discocellulars; slight fuscous points above and below submedian fold just beyond middle; a faint, diffused oblique fuscous streak from apex to just beyond discoidal point and a diffused oblique subtertninal line from below apex to submedian fold; a terminal series of black points. Hindwing white suffused with ochreous except on inner area; cilia white; the underside white, the costal area suffused with ochreous and slightly irrorated with brown.
References
Hadeninae
Moths of South America
Moths described in 1908
Richard J. Hilderbrand (born January 26, 1969) is an American politician and business person serving as a member of the Kansas Senate from the 13th district. After Jake LaTurner was appointed Kansas State Treasurer, Hilderbrand was selected to serve for the remainder of their term in the Senate.
Early career
Prior to serving in the Senate, Hilderbrand operated an insurance company and served as a commissioner of Cherokee County, Kansas.
Personal life
Hilderbrand has lived in Baxter Springs, Kansas and Galena, Kansas.
References
External Links
Vote Smart Richard Hilderbrand
Living people
Kansas Republicans
Kansas state senators
Businesspeople from Kansas
People from Baxter Springs, Kansas
People from Galena, Kansas
21st-century American politicians
1969 births
Çavuş is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
is a Japanese comedian, actor and television presenter who is the leader and the boke of the owarai kombi Cocorico with their partner Shozo Endo. They have appeared in many television programmes and films.  They are known for being a regular member of Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!, which they and Endo have worked on since 1997.
Tanaka is also known for their love of animals, especially sea creatures, and on 24 June 2018, they became the Marine Stewardship Council ambassador for Japan.
Filmography
Current appearances
TV programmes
Regular programmes
ZIP! (6 Oct 2016 –, NTV) – Thursday Main Personality
Kinkyu SOS! Ike no Mizu zenbu Nuku (15 Jan 2017 –, TX) – MC
Life!: Jinsei ni Sasageru Conte series-6 (13 Apr 2018 –, NHK G)
Tokoro JAPAN (October 29, 2018 -, Kansai TV / Fuji TV) - Semi-regular
Academy Night G (April 2, 2019 -, TBS) - MC
I Am Bouken Shonen (April 23, 2014 - March 26, 2015 and May 25, 2020 -, TBS)
Internet
YoshiLog (GyaO!)*Monthly regular
Gokuraku Tonbo KakeruTV (2017–, AbemaTV AbemaGolden9)*Quasi-regular
Former programmes
Music×Drama Special M no Shikai-sha (13 Oct 2006, CX) - Starring; as Susumu Kozukue
Rankin no Paradise (24 Nov 2006 – 12 Sep 2008, MBS–TBS)
~Geodeki! Pop Company~ Pop-ya (7 Apr – 22 Sep 2008, CX)
Ojomama! F (Apr 2008 – Mar 2009, KTV)
Check! The No.1 (Oct 2008 – Mar 2009, MBS–TBS)
Tobidase! Kagaku-kun (Apr 2009 – Sep 2011, TBS)
Cocorico Naoki Tanaka no Onomichi Photo Sanpo (19 Sep 2009, HTV)
Uchimura–Tanaka no Shirarezaru How-to Sekai Tadashī Sora no Tobikata (9 Oct 2009, CX)
Chō Heibon Hakase Tanaka (5 Nov 2011 – 30 Mar 2013, TBS)
Cocorico Naoki Tanaka no (3 Apr 2012 – 19 Mar 2013, NHK E)- Navigator
TV de Chūgoku-go (8 Jul 2012, NHK BS Premium)
Life!: Jinsei ni Sasageru Conte series-0 to 5 (1 Sep 2012 – , NHK G)
Quiz 100-Ninriki (27 Oct 2012 – Mar 2015, NHK G)
Conte no Gekijō: The Actors' Comedy (26 Jan, 31 May, 30 Aug, 29 Nov 2013, NHK BS Premium)
100% Entertainment (18 Feb 2013, GT)
Měi! Shàonǚ shèngdiǎn(24 Jun 2013, EBC dōngsēn zònghé)
Mimura & Ariyoshi Tokuban (8 Jan 2014 - 7 Jun 2015, TV Asahi)
Tan Q! A Trip (24 Jan 2015 – 19 Mar 2016, TVA)- Monthly
1-Ko dake Yellow (24 Apr 2015 – 30 Mar 2017, NBN) – MC
Shitteru or Shittaka? Quiz! Balevel no Tō (17 Oct 2015, ABC)
Uta no Golden Hit (October 2, 2017, TBS)
Tetsuko no Heya (23 Jul, 2018, TV Asahi)
Nihon Sōzō Kikō: Watisuto (7 Apr 2018 –June 23, 2018 , BS11) - MC
TV dramas
Moero!! Robocon (1 Aug 1999, EX) – as Passerby
Yonimo Kimyōna Monogatari Autumn Special Edition "" (Sep 1999, CX) – Starring as Shimura
Ashita Ga Arusa (2001, NTV)
Gakko no Sensei (2001, TBS) – as Atsushi Onodera
Kaiki Daisakusen: Second File (Apr 2007, BS-hi) – Starring; as Kyosuke Misawa
Mirai Yuenchi (28 Sep 2007, EX) – Starring; as Tatsuya Hasebe
Loss:Time:Life (8 Mar 2008, CX) – Starring; as Koichi Kitazawa
Mirai Yuenchi 2 (28 Mar 2008, EX)
Reset (15 Jan 2009, NTV) – Starring as Henry
Renzoku Drama Shōsetsu Kinoshita-buchō to Boku (2010, YTV) – as Daisuke Kanagawa
Honjitsu wa Taian Nari (2012, NHK) – as Junichi Tokura
Platina Town (2012, Wowow) – as Kotaro Ushijima
Yūsha Yoshihiko to Akuryō no Kagi (7 Dec 2012, TX) – as Morgan
Link (2013, Wowow) – as Tsutomu Sawada
Isha-ryō Bengoshi: Anata no Namida, Okane ni Kaemashou (Jan–Mar 2014, YTV) – Starring as Yukio Hakamada
Alice no Toge (Apr–Jun 2014, TBS) – as Junichi Chihara
Mother Game: Kanojo-tachi no Kaikyū (Apr–Jun 2015, TBS) – as Okinawa Ward Office official
I'm Home (23 Apr 2015, EX) – as Toshi Yamanobe
KariKare (Nov 2015, NHK BS Premium) – as Yoshiharu Sano
Neko Zamurai Tamanojō Edo e Iku (Feb 2016, JAITS co-production) – Starring; as Himatsu
Eiko Kyōju no Jiken-bo (21 May 2016, EX) – as Haruto Nanba
Asa ga Kuru (Jun–Jul 2016, THB–CX) – as Kiyokazu Kurihara
Suna no Tō~Shiri sugita Rinjin (Oct–Dec 2016, TBS) – as Kenichi Takano
Kasei Otto no Mitazono (Oct–Dec 2016, EX) – as Kengo Tomita
Masuyama Chō Nōryoku-shi Jimusho (5 Jan – Mar 2017, YTV) – Starring as Keitaro Masuyama
Jiro Asada: Prison Hotel (Oct–Dec 2017, BS Japan) – Starring as Kazuma Hanazawa
Keishichō Zero Gakari ~ Seikatsu Anzen-ka Nan Demo Sōdan-shitsu ~ THIRD SEASON, Episode 3 (August 17, 2018, TV TOKYO) – As themselves
Harassment Game, Episode 1 (October 15, 2018, TV TOKYO) – as Muto Yuzuru
Wagaya no himitsu, Episode 1 (March 3, 2019, NHK BS Premium) – as Kiyoshi Yamamoto
EdoMoiselle ~ Reiwa de koi, itashinsu ~ (January, 7, 2021 - , YTV) – as Yuhiko Kurachi
The 13 Lords of the Shogun (2022, NHK) – as Kujō Kanezane
Internet dramas
Utsunuke (scheduled Fall 2018) – Starring; as Keiichi Tanaka
Films
Minna no Ie (2001) – as Naosuke Iijima*won the Japan Academy Film Prize New Actor Award
Walking with the Dog (2004) – Starring; as Yasuyuki Okamura
Gyakkyō Nine (2005) – as Takeshi Sakakibara
The Uchōten Hotel (2006) – as Naosuke Iijima*Cameo appearance
Forbidden Siren (2006) – as Yutaka Minamida
Argentine Hag (2007) – as Mamoru Mukai
Fine, Totally Fine (2007) – as Yuhara
The Glorious Team Batista (2008) – as Makoto Himuro
Zebraman 2: Attack on Zebra City (2010) – as Zebraman TV ver./Junichi Ichiba
Welcome Home, Hayabusa (2012) – as Daigo Iwamatsu
Da Color?~The Datsugoku Survival (2016) – Starring
Neko Zamurai Tamanojō Edo e Iku (2016) – as Himatsu (Hikuaku)
Kin Medal Otoko (2016) – as Nakano-sensei
Masuyama Chō Nōryoku-shi Jimusho: Gekijō-ban wa Koi no Aji (2018) – Starring; as Keitaro Masuyama
Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger: en film (2018) – as Herlock Sholmes/Unknown Gangler Monster
Organ (2019) – as Shigeru Wakimoto
Ox-Head Village (2022)
Stage
OneOr8: Bakugyaku no Inu (2008)
TV anime
Oden-kun (Apr 2005 – Feb 2009, NHK E) – as Kamisama
Ganbare! Oden-kun (Jan 2013 – Dec 2014, ABC) – as Kamisama
It is Living Happily on Ground Every Day (Apr 2013 – Mar 2014, NHK BS Premium) – Narrator
Anime films
Summer Days with Coo (2007) – as Yasuo Uehara
Hutch the Honeybee (2010) – as Kunekune
Kuma no Gakkō (2010) – as Katie's Papa
Crayon Shin-chan: Fierceness That Invites Storm! Me and the Space Princess (2012) – as Ikemen De Ikemen Gundan member
Violence Voyager (2019) – as George
Dubbing
Son of the Mask (2005) – as Tim
The Final Destination (2009) – as Nick O'Bannon
Amazonia (2015) – Narrator
Jurassic World (2017, NTV ver.) – as Jimmy Fallon
Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021) – as The Brow
Documentaries
NHK Special Yamai no Kigen Prologue Jinrui Shinka 700 Man-nen no Shukumei (18 May 2013, NHK)
DVD
Personal Katsudō – From 26 October 2005, Tanaka themselves released a volume of their conte DVDs every three months, and ended with five volumes
Internet
Yoshimoto Online "Yoshomoto Gakuen! Yahoo! Sensei" (2009 – 2011, Yoshimoto Gekijō, Saturdays 22:00–23:20)
Tanaka • Nemu no Hirameke! Denkikki (2017-2019, KawaiianTV)
In-flight programmes
JAL original in-flight programme Yoshimoto JALTV First Shot (Dec 2009 – Jan 2010, screened in Japan Airlines)
Advertisements
JA Bank
Kao Corporation Humming Fine – Co-starred with Yō Yoshida
Promise - with Rei Okamoto, Junpei Mizobata and Naomi Nishida
Serialisations
National Geographic Channel – Column serialisations on its official website. "Cocorico Tanaka no " (Jun 2015 –)
Books
Cocorico Tanaka x Naganuma Takeshi presents Zukai Ikimono Ga Miteiru Sekai (July, 2015、Gakken Publishing)
Awards
25th Japan Academy Film Prize - Rookie Of The Year and Popularity (Minna No Ie)
The 29th The Television Drama Academy Awards - New Actor Award (Ashita ga Arusa)
Warai No Saiten!! The Dream Match '05 (With Masakazu Mimura)
Publications
Cocorico Tanaka×Takeshi Naganuma presents Zukai: Ikimono ga Miteiru Sekai (Jul 2015, Gakken Publishing)
References
Japanese comedians
Japanese television personalities
Japanese television presenters
Japanese male voice actors
Living people
People from Toyonaka, Osaka
Year of birth missing (living people)
Diptyque : essai sur la vie terrestre et l'éternité bienheureuse () is a piece for organ by French composer Olivier Messiaen.
Background
Messiaen became acquainted of Charles Quef, the then organist at the Trinité in Paris, in autumn 1929, which led them to give two small organ recitals in Tencin, just at the north-east of Grenoble. These were Messiaen's first organ recitals, which took place on September 15 and 22, 1929. The Diptyque was dedicated to two of the most influential composers and teachers of Messiaen: Marcel Dupré and Paul Dukas. It was premiered by Messiaen themselves in a concert for Les Amis de l'Orgue on February 20, 1930, at the Sainte-Trinité, Paris. It immediately caught the attention of fellow musicians and was published shortly after that, in May 1930, by Éditions Durand, followed by some of their other compositions (the Préludes were released in June and the Trois Mélodies in October). It was the only piece for pipe organ written by Messiaen published by Durand.
Messiaen later became critical of their own earlier style. In an interview with Karin Ernst held on October 24, 1977, Messiaen referred to the Diptyque as a "sin" of their youth.
Structure
The Diptyque is in one movement, in two thematically related sections. Being a diptyque, the first section - at under 5 minutes (following the metronome mark) - is matched by the second section also taking a little under 5 minutes. It is scored for solo pipe organ, requiring 2 manuals and pedals. (The second section also needs an organ keyboard of 61 notes (with a top C) unless one can engineer differing octaves through deployment of higher stops.) It is also worth noting that there are inconsistencies, errors or questionable notes (evidenced by redundant accidentals and parallel passages later) in bars 16, 18, 22, 28, 48, 50, 52, 76, 91, 95.
The first section is a fast-moving prelude with a repeating seven-note motif. It is marked "Modéré" and is in the key of C minor. The time signature is . Unlike Messiaen's later style, neither the tempo nor the time signature present any changes in this section. The first section is meant to express "the anguish and useless torment of life". The second section, however, is marked "Très lent" and has a time signature of . According to Messiaen, it is "an adagio in C major, based on a single serene ascending phrase", which "expresses the peace and charity of Christian paradise".
The second section of the Diptyque was rearranged for violin and piano for the last movement in Messiaen's Quatuor pour la fin du temps. However, Messiaen decided to use a much slower tempo on Quatuor: they marked it "extrêment lent" and slowed it down to ♪ = 36, much slower than the ♪ = 58 marked on Diptyque.
References
1930 compositions
Compositions by Olivier Messiaen
Compositions for organ
Guangzhou Sport University () is a provincial public university based in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. On June 9, 1956, the Guangzhou Sport University was established with the approval of the Guangzhou Municipal Government of Guangdong Province.
History
The university was formerly known as Guangzhou Physical Education Institute.
References
External links
Guangzhou Sport University
Universities and colleges in Guangzhou
Sports universities and colleges in China
Lazarákia (, "Little Lazaruses") are small, sweet spice breads made in Greece and Cyprus by Orthodox Christians on Lazarus Saturday, the Saturday that begins Holy Week. They are eaten to celebrate the miracle of Jesus raising Lazarus from the dead. They are shaped like a man wrapped in a shroud, supposedly Saint Lazarus of Bethany, with cloves for eyes. They contain several sweet spices and are a fasting Lenten food, meaning that they do not contain any dairy products or eggs. For that reason, unlike the tsourekia, they are brushed with olive oil instead of egg or butter for a gloss finish.
Women in Lipsi were symbolically equated with the Virgin Mary and part of the symbolism of Holy Week was that of death experienced through motherhood. Though in modern times lazarákia are mostly purchased at the bakery, in past times women would knead the dough for the lazarákia, shaped in human form, as the symbol of life overcoming death. One of the lazaráki would be kept in the home for the entire year and either eaten the following year or thrown into the sea to be eaten by fish.
References
Greek breads
Cypriot cuisine
Easter bread
Sweet breads
Holy Week
Easter traditions in Greece
Lepidodactylus bakingibut is a species of gecko. It is endemic to the Philippines.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
This list of missing aircraft includes aircraft that have disappeared and whose locations are unknown. According to Annex 13 of the International Civil Aviation Organization, an aircraft is considered to be missing "when the official search has been terminated and the wreckage has not been located". However, there still remains a "grey area" on how much wreckage needs to be found for a plane to be declared "recovered". This list does not include every aviator, or even every air passenger that has ever gone missing as these are separate categories.
In the tables below, each missing aircraft is defined (in the Aircraft column) using one or more identifying features. If the aircraft was known by a custom or personalized name (e.g. Pathfinder), that name is presented first (in italics) followed by the aircraft type (in parentheses). The make of aircraft, although not necessarily a unique identifier, is also provided where appropriate. Aircraft registrations began to be used in the early 20th century for individual identification, so this is also included in the later tables (in parentheses).
Legend
19th century
20th century
1901–1919
1920–1939
1940–1959
1960–1979
1980–2000
21st century
2001–2019
See also
:Category:Missing aviators
:Category:Missing air passengers
:Category:Aerial disappearances of military personnel in action
References
External links
Dis
Dis
Aircraft
The World League Wrestling (WLW) Tag Team Championship, is a professional wrestling tag team championship created and promoted by the American independent professional wrestling promotion World League Wrestling.
Since the championship's creation in 2001, there have been 31 different teams that have held the title, combining for 36 total reigns.
Title history
Combined reigns
As of , .
By team
References
External links
WLW Tag Team Championship
Tag team wrestling championships
World League Wrestling championships
Robert Pruitt may refer to:
Robert Pruitt (artist) (born 1975), visual artist
Robert Pruitt (politician) (born 1975), American politician from Georgia
Hanbhi () is an Alizai tribe of Kakars Pashtuns origin.
Demographics
Its main divisions are Adinzai, Sabdozai, Masuzai, Blochani,Ilyasani,Muradani, Bahadurani, Salarzai, Loharzai, Sonezai Essa zai and Hadezai. Languages are Pashto, Saraiki and Sindhi. People of this tribe are settled in all provinces of Pakistan; as, Rajanpur (Punjab); Jacobabad, Larkana, Ranipur (Sindh); Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province; Quetta, Sibi, Kachhi, Sohbat Pur, Naseerabad, jafarabad, Pishin, Loralai and Harnai (Balochistan). Hanbhi tribe hails from Afghanistan. Hanbhi has different stories of its descendent from Pashtun.
History
Hanbhi came from Taxila in the 1 BC and settled in Afghanistan, Pakistan & India. Mostly they work as peasants, tenants and labourers to curtail their poverty and run livelihood.
References
Durrani Pashtun tribes
USS Arapaho (AT-68/ATF-68) was a fleet ocean tug which served the U.S. Navy during World War II with their towing services. They were assigned initially to support the U.S. Atlantic Fleet, and was eventually assigned to support Allied forces in the war zones of the Pacific Ocean, resulting in their crew returning home after the war with four battle stars to their credit.
US Navy career
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, Arapaho (AT-68) was laid down on 8 November 1941 at Charleston, South Carolina, by the Charleston Shipbuilding & Dry-dock Company; launched on 22 June 1942; sponsored by Mrs. Alice Posey Hatcher; and commissioned on 20 January 1943.
World War II service
East coast operations
The tug conducted their shakedown training in the vicinity of Key West, Florida, and returned to Norfolk, Virginia, to prepare for a transatlantic voyage. On 19 March, they sailed for Casablanca, Morocco. There, they took the torpedo-damaged attack cargo ship Almaack (AKA-10) in tow for the voyage back to the United States. They and their charge arrived back in Norfolk, Virginia, on 20 May.
In mid-June, the tug moved south to search the Florida Strait for the submarine R-12 (SS-89), which had sunk as a result of battery explosions. After fruitlessly seeking this ship from 18 to 23 June, Arapaho set sail on 25 June—apparently from Key West, Florida—with a barge in tow on their way to Panama. They left the barge in the Panama Canal Zone and continued their voyage to San Diego, California, where they arrived on 15 July.
Pacific Ocean operations
For the next three months, the tug conducted towing and salvage operations, first along the U.S. West Coast and then, from early in September, out of Pearl Harbor. On 16 October, Arapaho departed Hawaii with two supply lighters in tow, bound for the Ellice Islands. They reached Funafuti on 30 October and began heavy towing operations between the Ellice and Gilbert Islands. For a time, they served as an antisubmarine guard ship at recently captured Tarawa Atoll.
On 4 December, Arapaho embarked 12 civilians who had been liberated from a Japanese internment camp on Makin and set sail—via Funafuti—for Pearl Harbor. From Funafuti, the tug steamed in company with aircraft carrier Independence (CVL-22), severely damaged in the Gilbert Islands operation by an aerial torpedo. The ships arrived at Pearl Harbor on 18 December.
Arapaho underwent repairs until near the end of the first week in January 1944. On 6 January, they headed back to the Gilberts. Over the next five months, the tug was based successively at Tarawa and Majuro, though they made numerous tows to other islands in the Gilbert, Marshall, and Ellice groups. By 13 June, they had moved their base of operations to Eniwetok where they engaged in harbor duty and salvage work. On 3 July, Arapaho set a course for Pearl Harbor, which they reached on the 9th to begin a month of repairs. They returned to Eniwetok on 26 August and, except for a round-trip voyage to Guam, operated there until the second week in October.
Ulithi operations
At that time, they put to sea towing auxiliary repair dock ARD-15 and covered lighter (self-propelled) YF-786 to Ulithi, Service Squadron (ServRon) 10's new advanced base, and, following their arrival at that atoll, worked in and out of its lagoon engaged in harbor and salvage duties.
Between 4 and 10 November, they assisted Zuni (ATF-95) in towing Reno (CL-96) into Ulithi. The light cruiser had been torpedoed by a Japanese submarine off the San Bernardino Strait on the 3d. In December, the tug towed Houston (CL-81) from Ulithi to Manus in the Admiralty Islands. From there, they towed fuel barge YO-186 to Kossol Passage in the Palau Islands. After towing LST-278 to Guam in January 1945, Arapaho returned to Ulithi on the 23d and began a major overhaul of their main propulsion plant. The ship completed repairs and returned to active duty on 18 March.
Okinawa operations
They operated out of Ulithi until mid-June when they moved to Guam. From there, the tug headed for Okinawa on 5 July with auxiliary repair dock ARD-26 in tow. Arapaho and the auxiliary repair dock arrived in Kerama Retto 10 days later. The tug remained at Okinawa until after the end of hostilities in mid-August. Late that month, they voyaged back to Guam to pick up ARD-21 for tow to Okinawa. They returned to Kerama Retto with their charge on 7 September and resumed local towing duty.
End-of-war decommissioning
That assignment continued until 9 November 1945 when they began the long journey back to the United States. They stopped at Pearl Harbor for a few days early in December and arrived in San Pedro, Los Angeles, on 27th. Arapaho remained at San Pedro assigned to the inactive fleet awaiting inactivation overhaul for a little more than a year. On 8 and 9 January 1947, they were towed to San Diego, California, where they were decommissioned on 15 January 1947. They remained with the Pacific Reserve Fleet until July 1961. On 1 July 1961, their name was struck from the Navy list.
Honors and awards
Arapaho (ATF-68) earned four battle stars during World War II.
Argentine Navy career
On 10 July 1961, they were transferred to the Argentine Navy, which commissioned them that same day as ARA Comandante General Zapiola. The tug remained active with the Argentine Navy until 10 January 1976 when they ran aground on an Antarctic reef and was declared a total loss. Them crew was rescued by the Chilean patrol boat Piloto Pardo.
See also
List of auxiliary ships of the Argentine Navy
Notes
References
NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive - USS Arapaho (ATF-68) – ex USS Arapaho (AT-68) (1943 - 1944)
External links
Cherokee-class fleet tugs
Ships built in Charleston, South Carolina
1942 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Cherokee-class fleet tugs of the Argentine Navy
Maritime incidents in 1976
Tan Cheng Hoe () is a Malaysian football manager and former football player who is the current head coach of Malaysia Super League club Selangor. They were assistant coach for national team during Dato' K.RajaGopal & Nelo Vinganda era before seat as Head coach of Malaysian national team.
Career
Playing career
As a player, Tan played for Kedah in three Malaysia Cup finals from 1988 to 1990. They lost the 1988 and 1989 finals, but finally won the trophy in 1990.
Tan made an appearance for Malaysia in a match against Aston Villa on 20 May 1991. In September 1991, they were part of Malaysia B team managed by M. Karathu for TAAN Cup, an invitational tournament in Kathmandu Nepal. Malaysia B team won the tournament beating Tiong Bahru of Singapore 2–0.
Managerial career
Early coaching
Tan Cheng Hoe began their career at Kedah in 2003. Kedah were also keen for Tan Cheng Hoe to stay in football and offered them the role of coach which they held until October 2004.
Malaysia National Football Team
Tan was the assistant coach to K. Rajagopal from 2004 to 2013. Tan Cheng Hoe worked as an Under 19s coach for Malaysia from December 2004 until October 2009. Tan Cheng Hoe continued their development as coach for Harimau Muda from October 2007 until October 2009. Under Rajagopal and Tan, Malaysia achieved many good results such as reaching the quarter-finals of 2004 AFC Youth Championship and qualifying for the 2006 AFC Youth Championship. Malaysia also ended their trophy drought in regional football by winning the 2009 SEA Games and 2010 AFF Championship.
Kedah Darul Aman F.C.
A break from football lasting 5 years then followed with Tan Cheng Hoe's next role as manager at Kedah beginning in April 2014. In 2015, they helped Kedah win the Premier League to gain promotion to the Super League. They were named the M-League's Best Coach of the Year at the 2016 National Football Awards following the success in Malaysia Cup, finishing third in the Super League and reached the FA Cup semi-finals.
Malaysia National Football Team
Tan Cheng Hoe began their 2nd spell with Malaysia in April 2017 as they took up the position of assistant manager under Nelo Vingada. Tan Cheng Hoe was then made manager at Malaysia after Vingada stepped down following a string of poor results.
In the preparation for the 2018 AFF Championship, Tan had mentioned through an article published by the FOX Sports Asia that Malaysia are underdogs team and hope their country fans will not put their hope too much despite being drawn into a favourable Group A consisting of Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia and Laos, adding the favourites in the group would be Vietnam and hope their players will not feel too much pressure as there had been a lot of expectations from the fans. Surprisingly, they managed to lead Malaysia into the final after eliminating the tournament defending title as well five times champions of Thailand in the semi-finals.
This was continued in the finals first leg when the Malaysian team under their LED also managed to hold the tournament favourites of Vietnam 2–2 at home in their second meet in the tournament despite the latter had already scoring two goals in the first half. However, in the second leg in Hanoi, their team failed to repeat the same success when the favourites scored a goal in the early first half of 6th minute and began tightening their defence, resulting in a 2–3 aggregate until the end of the match as a result of which Malaysia became the runners-up for the third time.
Tan continued to lead the Malaysian team in the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification after they have been reward by the Football Association of Malaysia (FAM) to manage the team for another two years until their contract ended in 2020. Although the team under their management able to easily routed Timor-Leste in the first round by 12–2 in aggregate to proceed into the second round, the team only able to defeating Indonesia by 3–2 in an away match before losing two matches against the United Arab Emirates in home by 1–2 and against Vietnam by 0–1 in an away match where they meet again for the fourth time through their managerial career despite all the promises Tan has made earlier to the Malaysian fans before the competition started. After the two consecutive defeats, they then led Malaysia to win one of the most famous matches in their history, beating neighbour and Southeast Asian powerhouse Thailand 2–1 to extend its unbeaten streak at home to Thailand, and Indonesia 2–0 also at home to keep maintaining Malaysia's World Cup dream alive.
In terms of personal accolades, Tan Cheng Hoe has a single Malaysian Manager of the Year award to their name.
On 3 January 2022, Tan has resigned as the head coach of Football Association of Malaysia (FAM) following Malaysia's failure to qualify for the semi-finals of the AFF Cup 2020 in Singapore.
Selangor F.C.
On 24 September 2022, Tan Cheng Hoe appointed as Selangor first team head coach.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Kedah
Malaysia Premier League: 2015
Malaysia Cup: 2016
Malaysia Charity Shield: 2017
Malaysia
AFF Championship Runners-up: 2018
Individual
FAM Football Awards – Best Coach Award: 2016
References
1968 births
Living people
People from Kedah
Malaysian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Malaysian footballers
Malaysian football managers
Malaysia national football team managers
Kedah Darul Aman F.C. players
Association football midfielders
21st-century Malaysian people
Dennis Velez is a United States Navy rear admiral and surface warfare officer who serves as the commander of Carrier Strike Group 10 since April 6, 2022. They most recently served as the commander of Navy Recruiting Command from April 3, 2020 to March 25, 2022. They previously served as the senior military assistant to the 76th United States Secretary of the Navy Richard V. Spencer, with tours as commanding officer of the and .
Velez graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1992 with a Bachelor of Science in Aerospace Engineering. They earned a master's degree in Information Technology Management. Also has a Master of Science in Management Information Systems from Touro College.
Military decorations and awards
Among Rear Admiral Velez's military decorations are the following:
References
|-
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Adjuntas, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican United States Navy personnel
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy admirals
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Meritorious Service Medal (United States)
Touro College alumni
Yannick Stark (born 28 October 1990) is a German professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for side Dynamo Dresden.
Career
Stark began their youth career at SG Arheilgen and SC Hasia Dieburg before being signed by the youth department of Eintracht Frankfurt. At Frankfurt, they played with Under 19's in the Under 19 Bundesliga while also featuring for the Under 23 side in the Regionalliga Süd. In only their second season, while being eligible to play for the Under 19's, they became a regular for Eintracht Frankfurt II in the Regionalliga Süd, competing in 31 games.
At the end of the season Stark was signed by 2. Bundesliga club MSV Duisburg but was loaned to their homeside SV Darmstadt 98 immediately. At Darmstadt 98 they helped their team get promoted to the 3. Liga by coming first in the league in the 2011–12 season. In the penultimate game Stark scored the winning goal which ensured promotion with a game to spare. They were then voted "Player of the season" by the readers of the local newspaper Darmstädter Echo.
In the summer of 2011 Stark was signed by FSV Frankfurt for two years after their contract with MSV Duisburg was nullified. They gave their debut on 15 July 2011 in the first game of the season against Union Berlin. Stark featured in 29 games in their first 2. Bundesliga season. In the following season, they scored their first goal for Frankfurt against SG Sonnenhof Großaspach in the DFB Pokal and against Erzgebirge Aue in the league.
In the 2013–14 season Stark moved to TSV 1860 Munich within the league and signed a contract valid for two years.
In the winter of the following season Stark moved back to their old club SV Darmstadt 98 with whom they were then promoted to the Bundesliga for the 2015–16 season.
Stark signed for 3. Liga club Dynamo Dresden in the summer of 2020 following the expiry of their contract at Darmstadt 98.
References
External links
Yannick Stark at kicker.de
Living people
1990 births
Association football midfielders
German footballers
FSV Frankfurt players
MSV Duisburg players
Eintracht Frankfurt II players
SV Darmstadt 98 players
TSV 1860 Munich players
Dynamo Dresden players
3. Liga players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
Sportspeople from Darmstadt
"Klan" is a song by Italian singer Mahmood. It was released as a digital download and for streaming on 14 May 2021 by Island Records. The song was written by Alessandro Mahmoud, Davide Petrella, Dardust, Marc Seguí and Xavibo, and produced by Dardust. It was included in Mahmood's second album Ghettolimpo.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Klan" was first released onto YouTube on 19 May 2021. The video was directed by Attilio Cusani and shot in Palermo and at "Fiumara d'arte" open-air museum in the Metropolitan City of Messina, Sicily.
Personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Dardust – associate performer, producer, composer, drum machine
Davide Petrella – author
Mahmood – associated performer, author, vocals
Marc Seguí – author
Xavibo – author
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Island Records singles
Mahmood (singer) songs
Songs written by Dario Faini
Songs written by Mahmood
Songs written by Davide Petrella
Ines Müller is a former German pair skater who competed with Ingo Steuer. They placed 7th at two European Championships. Müller quit after the 1990–1991 season.
Results
(with Ingo Steuer)
References
Living people
German female pair skaters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Borod () is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 3,843 people. It is composed of six villages: Borod, Borozel (Kisbáród), Cetea (Cséklye), Cornițel (Báródsomos), Șerani (Sárán) and Valea Mare de Criș (Felsőpatak).
Sights
Locul fosilifer de la Cornițel (Natural reserve 0,01 ha)
References
Borod
Localities in Crișana
This page contains tables of azeotrope data for various binary and ternary mixtures of solvents. The data include the composition of a mixture by weight (in binary azeotropes, when only one fraction is given, it is the fraction of the second component), the boiling point (b.p.) of a component, the boiling point of a mixture, and the specific gravity of the mixture. Boiling points are reported at a pressure of 760 mm Hg unless otherwise stated. Where the mixture separates into layers, values are shown for upper (U) and lower (L) layers.
The data were obtained from Lange's 10th edition and CRC Handbook of Chemistry and Physics 44th edition unless otherwise noted (see color code table).
A list of 15825 binary and ternary mixtures was collated and published by the American Chemical Society. An azeotrope databank is also available online through the University of Edinburgh.
Binary azeotropes
Ternary azeotropes
Tables of various ternary azeotropes (that is azeotropes consisting of three components). Fraction percentages are given by weight.
‡Saddle azeotrope
‡Saddle azeotrope
References
Chemistry-related lists
Chemical engineering thermodynamics
Science-related lists
"Bullets" is a song by British post-punk revival band Editors from their 2005 debut album, The Back Room. It was originally released 24 January 2005 as their first single. The single was mixed by Cenzo Townshend and the video made for the song was directed by Mike Brady. Both editions of the original single were limited to 500 copies. It was then re-released on 26 September 2005 as the fourth single from the album. A new single version was re-recorded and produced by Jacknife Lee and a second video was made for the song, directed by Martin de Thurah.
Track listings
7-inch (SKX77)
"Bullets"
"You Are Fading"
CD (SKCD77)
"Bullets"
"You Are Fading"
"Dust in the Sunlight"
Track listings (Re-issue)
7-inch (SKX80)
"Bullets" (Jack Knife Lee Remix)
"Time To Slow Down"
CD (SKCD802)
"Bullets" (Jack Knife Lee Remix)
"Come Share the View"
Maxi-CD (SKCD80)
"Bullets" (Jack Knife Lee Remix)
"I Buried the Devil"
"Blood" (alternative version)
"Bullets" (new video)
References
2005 debut singles
2005 songs
Editors (band) songs
Song recordings produced by Jim Abbiss
Songs written by Chris Urbanowicz
Songs written by Edward Lay
Songs written by Russell Leetch
Songs written by Tom Smith (musician)
Chellala (Arabic: شلالة, lit. waterfall) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria. It is the district seat of Chellala district and has a population of 3.745, which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 32330 and its municipal code is 3214.
Communes of El Bayadh Province
Cameron Hunt (born December 17, 1994) is an American football guard who is a free agent. They played college football at Oregon.
Early years
Hunt attended Centennial High School in Corona, California, where they played varsity baseball and football. They played both as an offensive and defensive lineman. They were described as "the best offensive lineman" ever at their high school, and was named the USA Today 2nd team All-American and Los Angeles Times Lineman of the Year for their senior 2012 season, when they helped lead their team to a 14–2 record and a playoff berth. Hunt initially committed to California on July 8, 2012, but switched their commitment to Oregon on February 6, 2013, choosing the Ducks over California, Oregon State, UCLA, Michigan, and Nebraska.
College career
Freshman season (2013)
Hunt started the last seven games of Oregon's 2013 season, becoming the team's first true first-year student starter on the offensive line since 1997, although they had some playing time in all 13 games. They debuted at the right tackle position against Washington State, but switched to right guard for the rest of the season.
Sophomore season (2014)
Hunt continued to play a key role in Oregon's young offensive line, as they were the most experienced offensive lineman remaining at Oregon. They helped lead the Ducks to the 2015 College Football Playoff National Championship, a loss to Ohio State.
Junior season (2015)
Hunt started all games except that against Georgia State.
Senior season (2016)
Hunt started all 12 games at the right guard position, and received the Ed Moshofsky Trophy for the Team's Outstanding Offensive Lineman. They also received the Pancake Club Award for the Most Pancake Blocks.
Professional career
Denver Broncos
Hunt went undrafted in the 2017 NFL Draft, and signed with the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent on May 12, 2017. They were waived by the team on September 2, 2017.
San Francisco 49ers
Hunt was signed to the San Francisco 49ers practice squad on November 14, 2017.
Oakland Raiders
Hunt was signed by the Oakland Raiders on May 17, 2018. They were waived on September 1, 2018. They were re-signed to the active roster on December 11, 2018.
Hunt was waived on April 30, 2019, but was re-signed on August 17, 2019. They were waived/injured during final roster cuts on August 30, 2019, and reverted to the team's injured reserve list on September 1.
Birmingham Stallions
Hunt was drafted by the Birmingham Stallions in the 2022 USFL Draft.
Los Angeles Chargers
On August 8, 2022, Hunt signed with the Los Angeles Chargers. They were waived on August 22.
References
External links
Las Vegas Raiders bio
1994 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Birmingham Stallions (2022) players
Denver Broncos players
Los Angeles Chargers players
Oakland Raiders players
Oregon Ducks football players
Players of American football from California
San Francisco 49ers players
Sportspeople from Corona, California
Intraflagellar transport protein 80 homologs (IFT80), also known as WD repeat-containing protein 56, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the IFT80 gene.
Function
IFT80 is part of the intraflagellar transport complex B and is necessary for the function of motile and sensory cilia.
Clinical significance
Mutations in the IFT80 gene are associated with asphyxiating thoracic dysplasia.
References
Further reading
The 59393/59394 Dahod - Bhopal Fast Passenger is a passenger train of the Indian Railways connecting in Gujarat and in Madhya Pradesh. It is currently being operated with 59393/59394 train numbers on a daily basis.
Coach Composition
The train consists of 18 coaches:
13 General Unreserved
1 AC Seating
1 Second Seating
2 Seating cum Luggage Rakes
Service
The 59393/Dahod - Bhopal Fast Passenger has average speed of 39 km/hr and covers 394 km in 10 hours 5 minutes with 48 stops on the route.
The 59394/Bhopal - Dahod Fast Passenger has average speed of 36 km/hr and covers 394 km in 11 hours 5 minutes with 48 stops on the route.
Schedule
Route
The 59393/59394 Dahod - Bhopal Fast Passenger runs from via , , , , to and vice versa.
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Vadodara Loco Shed based WAP 5 or WAP 4E electric locomotives.
References
External links
59393/Dahod - Bhopal Fast Passenger
59394/Bhopal - Dahod Fast Passenger
Transport in Dahod
Rail transport in Gujarat
Transport in Bhopal
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Donté Lamar Stallworth (born November 10, 1980) is a former American football wide receiver who played ten seasons in the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Tennessee and was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the first round of the 2002 NFL Draft.
Stallworth also played for the Philadelphia Eagles, New England Patriots, Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, and Washington Redskins.
Early years
Stallworth was born in Sacramento, California. They attended Grant Union High School in Sacramento, California where they were a star in football and track and field, PR of 10.49 seconds in the 100 meters and 7.16 meters in long jump. They were a high school teammate of former Minnesota Vikings running back Onterrio Smith and Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Paris Warren.
College career
Stallworth played college football at the University of Tennessee for the Volunteers, where their nickname was "Hands," as their teammates watched their ability to come up with seemingly impossible catches on a regular basis. Upon leaving for the NFL, their 1,747 reception yards ranked ninth in the school's all-time list. They majored in psychology.
Professional career
New Orleans Saints
Stallworth was selected by the New Orleans Saints in the first round (13th overall) of the 2002 NFL Draft. They made their NFL debut versus the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on September 8. They caught eight touchdown passes in 2002, their rookie year, but saw less action the next season. As a full-time starter in 2004, they had 767 receiving yards and five touchdowns. In 2005, they recorded a career-high 70 receptions for 945 yards with seven touchdowns.
Philadelphia Eagles
On August 28, 2006, Stallworth was traded to the Philadelphia Eagles for linebacker Mark Simoneau and a conditional fourth round pick in the 2007 NFL Draft. In Stallworth's first game with the Eagles, less than two weeks after the trade, they caught six passes for 141 yards and a touchdown. Due to a nagging hamstring injury, they missed three games early in the regular season, but finished the year with 725 yards and five touchdowns. Hamstring injuries have been a persistent problem throughout their professional career.
In March 2007, The Philadelphia Inquirer reported that Stallworth was in the league substance abuse program.
First stint with Patriots
On March 11, 2007, Stallworth agreed to terms with the New England Patriots on a reported six-year deal worth $30 million with $3.5 million guaranteed. The contract was incentive laden, meaning that the Patriots could release them if they underperformed for a small fraction of the full contract. On February 22, 2008, the Patriots declined the option on their contract and they became a free agent.
Cleveland Browns
On March 1, 2008, Stallworth signed a seven-year, $35 million deal with the Cleveland Browns. However, they had just 17 catches for 170 yards and one touchdown for the Browns in 2008 and then missed the entire 2009 season after being suspended by the NFL following their conviction on manslaughter charges. On February 8, 2010, after being reinstated by the NFL, the Browns terminated Stallworth's contract.
Baltimore Ravens
On February 16, 2010, Stallworth signed a one-year, $900,000 deal with the Baltimore Ravens.
On August 28, 2010, Stallworth broke their foot in a preseason game against the New York Giants. Head Coach John Harbaugh stated that this injury was not season-ending and Stallworth would be back after the Ravens' bye week. Stallworth made their return to the active Ravens roster in October, but their highlight of the season came during a game against the Carolina Panthers where they made their first catch as a wide receiver for the franchise during a regular season game.
On December 23, 2010, Stallworth was voted by their teammates and awarded the Ed Block Courage Award for 2010. But their stats were grim. They had just two receptions for 82 yards, and five rushes for 45 yards.
First stint with Redskins
Stallworth signed a one-year deal with the Washington Redskins on July 29, 2011.
On November 8, 2011, Stallworth was released by the Washington Redskins and put on waivers.
On November 15, 2011, they re-signed with the Redskins after wide receiver, Leonard Hankerson, and defensive end, Kedric Golston, were put on injured reserve.
After their return to the team, Stallworth would catch a touchdown pass in the endzone in Week 11 against the Dallas Cowboys allowing the Redskins to go into overtime.
At the end of 2011 season, Stallworth recorded 22 receptions, 309 receiving yards, and two touchdowns.
Second stint with Patriots
On March 19, 2012, Stallworth signed with the New England Patriots. On August 27, 2012, Stallworth was released by Patriots. On December 3, 2012, Stallworth re-signed with the Patriots because of a broken right foot suffered by wide receiver Julian Edelman and lack of depth at the wide receiver position.
On December 11, it was reported that Stallworth was placed on injured reserve with an ankle injury after only playing in one game during their brief return and making a 63-yard reception for a touchdown.
Second stint with Redskins
Stallworth re-signed with the Redskins on June 12, 2013. On August 26, 2013, Stallworth was waived by the Redskins.
NFL career statistics
Receiving stats
Returning stats
Rushing stats
Journalism
In September 2014, Stallworth was hired by The Huffington Post for a six-month fellowship covering national security politics full-time, based in the company's Washington, D.C., office. Although the fellowship lasted six months, Stallworth expressed hope that they would be hired permanently. In 2016 Stallworth was hired by Daveed Gartenstein-Ross at Valens Global as a Strategy Consultant. Stallworth's work at Valens focuses on securing and hardening public venues against terror attacks.
Personal life
DUI manslaughter charges
On the morning of March 14, 2009, Stallworth struck and killed a pedestrian while driving their car at the eastern end of the MacArthur Causeway in Miami Beach, Florida.
Around 7:15 a.m., Stallworth was headed toward the beach, driving a black 2005 Bentley Continental GT about 50 mph in a 40 mph zone, according to a Miami Beach Police report. Mario Reyes, 59, was on the busy causeway, trying to catch a bus home after finishing their shift. Stallworth claims that they flashed their car's headlights to warn Reyes. Stallworth struck Reyes with their car, killing him.
In a police investigation, Stallworth admitted to drinking the night before the accident. News sources reported that their blood alcohol content was 0.12, over the legal limit of 0.08.
On April 1, 2009, Stallworth was charged with DUI manslaughter; they surrendered to police on April 2, 2009, and was released on $200,000 bail. Under a plea deal, they received a sentence of 30 days in the county jail, plus 1,000 hours of community service, two years of community control, and eight years' probation. Their Florida state driver's license was permanently suspended. On July 10, 2009, Stallworth was released from county jail after serving 24 days of a 30-day sentence.
The Associated Press reported on June 16, 2009, that Stallworth and the Reyes family reached a financial agreement, avoiding a civil lawsuit. The amount of the settlement was not disclosed.
On August 13, 2009, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said Stallworth would be suspended for the 2009 season without pay. Stallworth was reinstated after Super Bowl XLIV.
A Yahoo! Sports story reported that Stallworth's lawyers claimed they could have fought all charges, but that Stallworth chose to be convicted of a felony.
Balloon injury
Stallworth was hospitalized with serious burns on March 16, 2013, after the hot air balloon carrying them and two other people crashed into power lines above South Florida.
References
External links
1980 births
African-American players of American football
American football wide receivers
American people convicted of manslaughter
American sportspeople convicted of crimes
Baltimore Ravens players
Cleveland Browns players
Living people
Manslaughter trials
New England Patriots players
New Orleans Saints players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Players of American football from Sacramento, California
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Washington Redskins players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Kirtlington Quarry is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest west of Kirtlington in Oxfordshire. It is a Geological Conservation Review site, and it is part of the Kirtlington Quarry Local Nature Reserve.
Kirtlington Quarry is one of the most important Middle Jurassic vertebrate localities in the world. It dates to the Upper Bathonian, around 166 million years ago, and is part of the Forest Marble Formation. Numerous species of extinct mammal have been found. There are also fossils of theropod dinosaurs, crocodilians, pterosaurs, fishes and many shark teeth.
References
Local nature reserves in Oxfordshire
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire
Geological Conservation Review sites
The Waverly School (often called simply Waverly) is a nonsectarian, coeducational, college preparatory, progressive day school in Pasadena, California, United States for students in preschool through high school. It has three campuses, and a one-acre organic farm within walking distance. It is an independent school.
Accreditation
The school is fully accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges and the California Association of Independent Schools, and is a member of The Independent School Alliance, POCIS and A Better Chance.
Preschool
Waverly's preschool program focuses on experiential learning, play, and social-emotional growth, consistent with developmentally appropriate practice. Each school year, the preschool teaching team develops a theme, within which children explore concepts of science, math, the arts, and language. As the teachers learn the children's needs and interests, they adjust their plans, allowing children to be co-constructors of the curriculum. The children learn to identify their emotions, express themselves in appropriate ways, and understand the perspectives and feelings of others. Time outdoors in unstructured but supported play is an essential part of early childhood education; Waverly preschoolers spend about half of the day outside. The preschool's emphasis on learning through play and supporting children's social-emotional development provides them with a solid foundation as they enter elementary school.
Waverly's preschool program, licensed by the California Department of Social Services, is designed for children from 3 1/2 to 5; younger children usually attend the preschool for two years. It is limited to 17 students. It is held on the elementary school campus at 67 W. Bellevue Drive.
Elementary school
Students learn from their life experiences, in developmental stages, and through activities. Each elementary teaching team develops a social studies theme for the school year and builds an interdisciplinary curriculum around that theme, incorporating language arts, math, science, the arts, and community service. Many of the skills needed to be successful in the academic disciplines intersect; the fluid nature of a theme-driven curriculum gives teachers the flexibility to teach and reinforce these skills across the curriculum. This structure also allows students to learn through experiential lessons and multi-modal approaches that help students of all developmental levels and learning styles access the content and develop a firm foundation in critical thinking, reasoning, and analysis. Teachers take a child-centered approach, often using children's own interests and experiences as a starting point for designing and teaching lessons.
Kindergarten through 6th grade classes are in self-contained classrooms with a lead and an associate teacher. The average class size is 24 students, maintaining a 12:1 or lower student-teacher ratio. Beginning in first grade, most classes are multi-age in dual-grade configurations (e.g., 1st/2nd, 3rd/4th, and 5th/6th). There is a range of ages and developmental levels in each class.
The elementary school is located at 67 W. Bellevue Drive, Pasadena, California.
Middle school
Waverly's middle school program is built on the belief that students in 7th and 8th grade require a unique approach to their education. Students work with five core educators who teach multiple subjects throughout the school day and are readily available to students. This approach meets the academic demands of middle school while supporting the personal growth of the students.
In alternating years of the multidisciplinary program, teachers integrate study of American and world themes in the English and history classes. Science classes follow an intensive, hands-on curriculum designed to prepare students for a demanding laboratory science program in high school. The math program offers different classes suited to each student's ability. Advanced students are able to take Algebra I and Geometry for high school credit in 8th grade. Spanish is a core subject at the middle school; 8th grade students may earn high school credit and move on to Spanish II their first-year student year.
Teachers integrate issues that students face into class discussion, choice of novels, and texts. Writing assignments ask students to reflect, analyze, make ethical choices, understand other perspectives, and address personal goals and choices they have made. Teachers often refer to current events so that students make connections between what they are studying and what is happening in the world around them.
A significant goal of the middle school is to prepare students for the academic challenges of high school. The program emphasizes the development of strong and consistent work habits and solid skills in writing, mathematics, and analytical and critical thinking.
The middle school is located at 120 Waverly Drive, Pasadena, California.
High school
Waverly's high school offers college preparatory program. Students thrive in an environment that values inquiry, debate, and critical thinking, and teachers work closely with students to help them develop these skills in all subject areas. When choosing novels, designing projects, and creating lessons, teachers ensure that students learn from a wide range of backgrounds, voices, and perspectives. Writing assignments call on students to reflect, analyze, make ethical choices, understand others' perspectives, and address personal goals and choices. Teachers often refer to current events so students will make connections between what they are studying and what is happening in the world around them. A low student-teacher ratio and an accessible faculty facilitate supportive relationships, essential for academic success during adolescence.
Waverly's minimum graduation requirements exceed the entrance requirements for the University of California. The school offers a wide range of courses, all approved by the University of California, including Advanced Placement and Honors courses. Waverly emphasizes essential academic and social-emotional skills that produce students well prepared for the academic demands of college and beyond.
The high school is located on the Dean A. and Janice E. Scarborough Campus (108 Waverly Drive, Pasadena, California), a facility consisting of refurbished houses built before 1940. The Pasadena Historical Society helped to fund the moving of three buildings from their original site so that the buildings could be preserved and put to use.
Waverly is registered with the California Interscholastic Federation.
Organic farm
Located at 665 South Pasadena Avenue, Pasadena, California (in walking distance from the school), the school's one-acre organic farm is an outdoor classroom, not necessarily related to farming. Teachers take their classes to the farm to write, observe wildlife, and conduct science experiments. A plot for each classroom is available if desired by the teacher.
The organic farm exists to allow students, their families, their teachers, and the broader community to engage nature on multiple levels. The scope of participation in the life of the farm ranges from active cultivation and organic production to inventive play, hands-on learning, and appreciation of nature. The farm also creates opportunities for elementary, middle, and high school students to interact in ways that nurture cross-generational mentoring, leadership skills, and social harmony. The intent is that the farm be inspirational, experimental, educational, and sustainable.
References
External links
California Association of Independent Schools
California Interscholastic Federation
The Alliance
POCIS
Private elementary schools in California
Private middle schools in California
High schools in Los Angeles County, California
Private high schools in California
Private preparatory schools in California
1993 establishments in California
Wynee, also spelled Winee or Winée was the first Native Hawaiian from the Hawaiian Islands to travel abroad on a Western ship. They traveled to British Columbia and China before dying on the voyage home to Hawaii.
Biography
Wynee was originally from the island of Hawaii, known as Owyhee by European explorers at the time. In 1787, they became the first Native Hawaiian to sail abroad with a Western ship when they were hired as the servant or maid of Frances Hornsby Trevor Barkley, the wife of Captain Charles William Barkley, on the British ship Imperial Eagle. Barkley recorded their name as Wynee which was possibly an attempted spelling of wahine, the Hawaiian word for woman.
They traveled to the Pacific Northwest and later to China.
The Barkleys intended to take them back to Europe but Wynee requested to return home and so they were left in the Portuguese colony of Macao.
At Canton, they arranged to return to Hawaii aboard Captain John Meares's ship Felice Adventurero with fellow Hawaiian "Tianna" (Kaʻiana – also spelled Tyaana & Tyanna), a member of the aliʻi (high chief) class from the island of Kauai. Traveling with them were two other Hawaiians: a stout man and a boy from Maui but they are not specifically named. They died of illness on the voyage home on February 5, 1788. Tianna, who remained by their bedside caring for her, contracted a fever as well. They reportedly became seriously distraught upon learning of their death, although they would recover and arrive back home. Wynee bequeathed to them some trade articles they had acquired and asked them to deliver their remaining possessions to their father and mother; these items included mirrors, porcelain, Western clothing and other items they collected during their travel. They were buried at sea.
Shortly after describing their last moments, Captain Meares wrote:
Thus died Winee, a native of Owhyhee, one of the Sandwich Islands, who possessed virtues that are seldom to be found in the class of their countrywomen to which they belonged, and a portion of understanding that was not be expected in a rude and uncultivated mind. It may not, perhaps, be uninteresting to mention the cause of this poor girl's departure from their friends and country, which it was their fate never to behold again.
See also
Omai
Tupaia (navigator)
References
Bibliography
External links
Year of birth unknown
1788 deaths
Native Hawaiian people
Native Hawaiian explorers
People from Hawaii (island)
Polynesian explorers of the Pacific
Samuel Holloway Bowers (August 25, 1924 – November 5, 2006) was a convicted murderer and a leading white supremacist in Mississippi during the Civil Rights Movement. They were Grand Dragon of the Mississippi Original Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, appointed to their position by Imperial Wizard Roy Davis. Following breakup of the Original Knights in 1964, they co-founded the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and became its first Imperial Wizard. Bowers was best known for committing two murders of civil rights activists in southern Mississippi. They were responsible for the 1964 murders of James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner near Philadelphia, for which they served six years in federal prison; and the 1966 murder of Vernon Dahmer in Hattiesburg, for which they were sentenced to life in prison, 32 years after the crime. They also are accused of bombings of Jewish targets in the cities of Jackson and Meridian in 1967 and 1968 (according to the man who was convicted of some of the bombings, Thomas A. Tarrants III). They died in prison at the age of 82.
Early life
Bowers was born on August 25, 1924, in New Orleans, Louisiana, to Samuel Bowers, Sr., a salesperson, and their wife Evangeline Bowers (née Peyton), daughter of a well-to-do planter. They had deep roots in the southern Mississippi—New Orleans area on both sides of their family. Their maternal grandfather had a plantation while their father's father, Eaton J. Bowers, was a four-term Congressman from Mississippi's Gulf Coast. Representative Bowers was an explicitly virulent opponent of equality for African Americans. In a speech to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1904, during their first-year student term, they said:
Let me say to the gentleman from Massachusetts that it is evident that we have at least two theories as to how the negro should be dealt with. One may be termed their idea of the development by higher education, social equality, and the like, while the other might be dominated [sic] the Southern idea of the absolute segregation of the two races, the fitting the negro for that sphere and station which, based upon an experience born of more than a century's knowledge of them as a slave and nearly forty years' experience with them as a freedman, we believe they can acceptably and worthily fill, with absolute denial of social intercourse and with every restriction on their participation in political affairs and government that is permissible under the Federal Constitution... The restriction of suffrage was the wisest statesmanship ever exhibited in that proud Commonwealth... We have disfranchised not only the ignorant and vicious black but the ignorant and vicious white as well...
Sam Bowers, Jr. attended high school in Jackson, Mississippi. While a high school student, Bowers worked part-time at the newly established Mississippi School Book Depository in Jackson. They were among the first group of staff members hired after the state legislature approved of and passed a free textbook program championed by Governor Paul B. Johnson, Sr. During World War II, they served in the United States Navy. Eventually, they settled in Laurel, Mississippi and started their own small business, Sambo Amusement Company, variously reported to be a pinball machine business and a vending machine business.
White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
Bowers, along with many other southern whites during the Cold War, was antagonistic towards the civil rights movement, believing that it was a movement which was led by the far left and organized by the Communist Party, and they began to express racist political views in the late 1950s. Bowers came to believe that the Soviet Union was a front for Jewish elites which were seeking to overthrow Christianity as the dominant religion of Western society, that Fidel Castro's government in Cuba was recruiting and providing military training to blacks as part of a plot to invade the Gulf Coast, and that the U.S. federal government would use the invasion as a pretext to federalize the National Guard and deport all whites from their home state of Mississippi.
Bowers was appointed Grand Dragon of Mississippi by Imperial Wizard Roy Davis 1959 or 1960. Davis resigned in 1964 just after Congress launched an investigation into the KKK and the Original Knights began to fragment. Bowers believed that the original Ku Klux Klan was too passive. On February 15, 1964, at a meeting in Brookhaven, Mississippi, they convinced about 200 members of the original Knights to defect and join their Klan, which would be named the White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. They became the group's first fraternal "Imperial Wizard," writing a "Klan Konstitution" for the "Sovereign Realm of Mississippi" which they would govern with the assistance of a body which they would name the "Klongress." Bowers adopted a code of secrecy, under which nobody outside the Klan knew the Imperial Wizard's identity.
Philosophy of the White Knights
In an "Imperial Executive Order" which was issued at a Klan meeting on June 7, 1964, and recorded by the FBI, Bowers wrote:
Weaving religion into the mix, they further declared
As Christians we are disposed to kindness, generosity, affection, and humility in our dealings with others. As militants, we are disposed to use physical force against our enemies. How can we reconcile these two apparently contradictory philosophies? The answer, of course, is to purge malice, bitterness, and vengeance from our hearts.
Violent campaign
In 1964, community activists from Congress of Racial Equality and Students for a Democratic Society launched Freedom Summer. Later that year, three of these activists - James Chaney, Michael Schwerner and Andrew Goodman - were murdered. Sam Bowers was convicted in 1967 for their role in the Chaney-Schwerner-Goodman killings and served their sentence at McNeil Island Federal Prison in Washington. They were released in 1976 and then worked as a Sunday School teacher.
Two other men, Charles Eddie Moore and Henry Hezekiah Dee, were murdered at that time because they were suspected of being civil rights activists also. However, it was later determined that Bowers was not involved with their deaths. Klansman and former police officer James Ford Seale was arrested for this crime in 2007. Charles Marcus Edwards also participated in the abduction and beating and testified that they were the one who had identified Dee as a target because "he fit the profile of a Black Panther..." Seale and Edwards were convicted because journalists, particularly Canadian filmmaker David Ridgen in their award-winning CBC documentary Mississippi Cold Case, investigated the case and discovered incriminating evidence.
In January 1966, Bowers, along with a number of other members of the White Knights of the KKK, was subpoenaed by the House Un-American Activities Committee to testify about Klan activities. Although Byron De La Beckwith gave their name when asked by the committee (but would answer no other substantive questions), other witnesses, such as Bowers, invoked the Fifth Amendment even in response to that question.
In 1966 alleged members of the White Knights firebombed the house of Vernon Dahmer, a civil rights activist who was working to register African Americans for the vote. Dahmer died of burn injuries which covered 40% of their body and damage to their lungs, which were seared while rescuing their family from the fire.
According to later testimony by ex-White Knights member T. Webber Rogers, Bowers gave the direct order to have Dahmer killed, "in any way possible." After four previous trials ended in deadlock (a 1968 jury split 11 to 1 in favor of guilty, and in 1969 a jury split 10-2 in favor of conviction), Bowers was convicted of the murder in August 1998 and sentenced to life in prison.
In 1967, White Knights are alleged to have begun a campaign against Jewish targets in Mississippi. Beth Israel Congregation in Jackson and Congregation Beth Israel in Meridian were bombed. Also, the home of Jackson's Rabbi Perry Nussbaum was attacked. The actual perpetrators of these crimes were suspects Thomas A. Tarrants III and Kathy Ainsworth.
The FBI became involved in the case and, with threatening accusations against local law enforcement, it began to track down potential bombers.
A breakthrough in the case came when two Klan brothers, Alton Wayne Roberts and Raymond Roberts, met with the FBI and the police in exchange for reward money and immunity. Alton Wayne Roberts had previously been sentenced to 10 years in prison for violating the civil rights of Chaney, Schwerner and Goodman. They agreed to cooperate in order to receive a reduced sentence.
A joint FBI and local police operation ambushed Tarrants and Ainsworth. Ainsworth was killed and Tarrants was severely wounded.
Conviction
Bowers served a life sentence for the 1966 bombing death of civil rights leader Vernon Dahmer. According to the commissioner of the Mississippi Department of Corrections (MDOC), only one person visited Bowers during their incarceration. The visitor claimed to be Bowers' brother, who listed a false address and fictitious Mississippi town as their residence. Bowers died in the Mississippi State Penitentiary (Parchman) Hospital of cardio-pulmonary arrest on Sunday, November 5, 2006, aged 82.
After Bowers died, an out-of-state relative came forward to claim their body. They never married.
References
Sources
Marsh, Charles. God's Long Summer: Stories of Faith and Civil Rights (Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1997)
Marsh, Charles, "Rendezvous with the Wizard," The Oxford American, November, 1996
Marsh, Charles. The Last Days: A Son's Story of Sin and Segregation at the Dawn of a New South (New York: Basic Books, 2000)
Further reading
External links
1924 births
2006 deaths
Leaders of the Ku Klux Klan
People from Jackson, Mississippi
Activists from New Orleans
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American people convicted of murder
People from Laurel, Mississippi
Criminals from Mississippi
Criminals from Louisiana
American white supremacists
American people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Mississippi detention
Aulolaimoididae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Dorylaimida.
Genera:
Adenolaimus Andrássy, 1973
Cladocephalus Swart & Heyns, 1991
Oostenbrinkia Ali, Suryawanshi & Ahmed, 1973
References
Nematodes
Jinkiori or Jingkiori is an archaeological site consisting of petroglyphs engraved in a big rock called the “Monolith of Jinkiori". It is located in Paucartambo Province, region of Cusco, Peru.
Location
The rock is located near Queros River, two hours walking from the town of Pilcopata.
Recent studies
The petroglyphs that were engraved directly on the monolith have an Amazonian origin. There is also a strange engraving that resembles a key. These petroglyphs can be abstract representations of mythological or cosmological beliefs, made by people that have consumed ayahuasca (yajé). It is possible that the engravers were ancestors of Huachipaeri, an indigenous group that live until now in the Kosnipata valley.
An interesting characteristic of the Monolith is a little basin possibly of artificial origin. There is the possibility that the basin was used as recipient where the corn was stuffed in order to transform it into a typical Amazonian drink called chicha. Another theory is that the little basin could have been used to purify a baby, submerging them inside the basin full of water.
References
Archaeological sites in Cusco Region
Archaeological sites in Peru
Prehistoric art
Rock art in South America
Kępa Kiełpińska (German Kielpiciener Kämpe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomianki, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łomianki, north of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and north-west of Warsaw. The village was founded and settled by Vistula Germans till 1945.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Jan Ekels the Elder (1724–1781) was a Dutch painter and a pupil of Dirk Dalens, the younger. They were born and died in Amsterdam.
They painted views of cities in the manner of Jan ten Compe. Their pictures are generally of a small size, and are highly finished, with a good effect of light and shade.
References
1724 births
1781 deaths
18th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Painters from Amsterdam
Luiz Roberto Bolognesi is a Brazilian screenwriter. They won several awards as a screenwriter, including "Best Screenplay" in Grande Prêmio Cinema Brasil, Recife Cinema Festival and Troféu APCA.
Filmography
Rio 2096: A Story of Love and Fury (2013) (writer, director)
Bingo: The King of the Mornings (2017) (writer)
Ex Shaman (2018)
"The Last Forest" (2021) (Director)
References
External links
Brazilian screenwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
FORCA - Forum of Civil Action Požega - is a non-profit organization founded in July 1999, and located in Požega, a town in west Serbia. At the moment, Forca represents an organisation that is highly respected in Serbia and abroad.
References
External links
http://www.forca.rs
Youth organizations based in Serbia
1999 establishments in Serbia
Požega, Serbia
FK Sirijus Klaipėda was a Lithuanian football club, played in the Žalgiris Stadium in Klaipėda. The club won the Lithuanian Championship in 1990, and twice won the Lithuanian Football Cup: in 1988 and 1990.
Founded in 1973 as Syrius Klaipėda the club was renamed in 1989 to FK Sirijus Klaipėda. In 1996 the club was dissolved.
Season-by-season
Lithuania
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! Goals
! P
! Top Scorer
!Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
|-
|align=center|1991
|align=center|1st
|align=center bg=silver|5
|align=center|14
|align=center|8
|align=center|4
|align=center|2
|align=center|24–10
|align=center|20
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=left|
|}
Achievements
Lithuanian Championship: 1
1990
Lithuanian Cup: 2
1988, 1990
References
weltfussballarchiv
Defunct football clubs in Lithuania
Association football clubs established in 1973
Association football clubs disestablished in 1996
Football clubs in Klaipėda
1973 establishments in Lithuania
1996 disestablishments in Lithuania
Dolbazlar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Jeremy Schloss (born 18 September 1973) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s for the South Sydney Rabbitohs, Gold Coast Seagulls and North Queensland Cowboys. They represented Queensland in the 1997 State of Origin series. They share in the ownership of racehorses the "Boom Brothers" alongside Andrew Dunemann .
Playing career
Schloss made their debut for Gold Coast in round 22 1994 against Eastern Suburbs. Schloss spent 4 years at the club as they struggled towards the bottom of the ladder but shocked everyone in 1997 by qualifying for the finals. This was the first and only time any of the Gold Coast sides had made the finals. Gold Coast went on to win their elimination final against Illawarra but were knocked out the following week by Eastern Suburbs. Also in 1997, Schloss was selected to represent Queensland in the state of origin series against New South Wales which the blues won 2-1.
In 1998, Schloss joined South Sydney and featured heavily in their first year at the club. In 1999, they were the subject of defecation in their shoe by drunken South Sydney teammate Julian O'Neill, who infamously boasted of the incident with the alliterative line, "I just shat in Schlossy's shoe."
Towards the end of 1999, it was announced that South Sydney would be excluded from the competition after failing to meet the controversial criteria. Schloss played in Souths final game before exclusion, a 34-16 defeat against Parramatta. In 2000, Schloss joined North Queensland and made 18 appearances as the club finished last on the table claiming the wooden spoon.
References
External links
Jeremy Schloss FOG'S
Jeremy Schloss Rugby League Project
1973 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Gold Coast Chargers players
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
North Queensland Cowboys players
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Rugby league second-rows
Place of birth missing (living people)
Leon Brown (born February 24, 1993) is an American football tackle who is a free agent. They were signed as an undrafted free agent by the Baltimore Ravens after the 2015 NFL Draft. They played college football at Alabama.
Professional career
Baltimore Ravens
On May 12, 2015, Brown signed to the Baltimore Ravens. On August 31, 2015, they were waived.
On December 30, 2015, Brown signed to the Ravens' practice squad. On January 5, 2016, Brown signed a reserve/future contract. On May 12, 2016, they were waived.
Baltimore Brigade
On January 16, 2017, it was announced that Brown was among the first five players signed to the Baltimore Brigade of the Arena Football League. On May 8, 2017, Brown was placed on reassignment. Brown was assigned to the Brigade once again on May 11, 2017. On May 25, 2017, Brown was placed on recallable reassignment.
Birmingham Iron
On November 9, 2018, Brown signed with the Birmingham Iron of the Alliance of American Football (AAF) for the 2019 season.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
Baltimore Brigade players
Baltimore Ravens players
Players of American football from Maryland
People from Riverdale Park, Maryland
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
Birmingham Iron players
The Braille pattern dots-56 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the middle and bottom right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the upper-middle and lower-middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2830, and in Braille ASCII with a semicolon: ;.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-56 is used as a punctuation or formatting sign, or otherwise as needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-56 are Braille patterns 567, 568, and 5678, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 68, 168, 468, and 1468 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-56, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 056, 567, and 0567 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 68, 168, 468, or 1468
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-56 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
The kantenji is used in indicating most of the common (non-banking) number kanji, as well as the classical heavenly stem ordinals.
- 数
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 4 + 数 = 勿
- 比 + 数 = 右
Compounds of 勿
- れ/口 + 数 = 吻
- 数 + 心 = 忽
- 日 + 数 = 易
- 仁/亻 + 数 = 傷
- つ/土 + 数 = 場
- つ/土 + つ/土 + 数 = 塲
- て/扌 + 数 = 揚
- し/巿 + 数 = 暢
- に/氵 + 数 = 湯
- ⺼ + に/氵 + 数 = 盪
- く/艹 + に/氵 + 数 = 蕩
- や/疒 + 数 = 瘍
- ⺼ + 数 = 腸
- ⺼ + ⺼ + 数 = 膓
- 囗 + 数 = 觴
- を/貝 + 数 = 賜
- か/金 + 数 = 錫
- さ/阝 + 数 = 陽
- ぬ/力 + 日 + 数 = 剔
- む/車 + 日 + 数 = 蜴
- ね/示 + 日 + 数 = 裼
- せ/食 + 日 + 数 = 鯣
- る/忄 + 宿 + 数 = 慯
- 日 + 宿 + 数 = 暘
- 心 + 宿 + 数 = 楊
- ほ/方 + 宿 + 数 = 殤
- 火 + 宿 + 数 = 煬
- む/車 + 宿 + 数 = 蝪
- そ/馬 + 数 = 物
- の/禾 + 数 = 黎
- ぬ/力 + selector 4 + 数 = 刎
- 日 + selector 4 + 数 = 昜
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + 数 = 笏
Compounds of 右
- く/艹 + 数 = 若
- も/門 + 数 = 匿
- る/忄 + も/門 + 数 = 慝
- え/訁 + 数 = 諾
- る/忄 + く/艹 + 数 = 惹
- ね/示 + 数 = 祐
- な/亻 + 比 + 数 = 佑
- せ/食 + 比 + 数 = 醢
Compounds of numbers
- 数 + #1 = 一
- ふ/女 + 数 + selector 1 = 丕
- 数 + #2 = 二
- 数 + #3 = 三
- 数 + #4 = 四
- に/氵 + 数 + る/忄 = 泗
- そ/馬 + 数 + る/忄 = 駟
- 数 + #5 = 五
- な/亻 + 数 + ら/月 = 伍
- 数 + #6 = 六
- う/宀/#3 + 数 + え/訁 = 宍
- 数 + #7 = 七
- 数 + #8 = 八
- れ/口 + 数 + り/分 = 叭
- か/金 + 数 + り/分 = 釟
- 数 + #9 = 九
- と/戸 + 数 = 尻
- 日 + 数 + お/頁 = 旭
- ひ/辶 + 数 + お/頁 = 馗
- 数 + め/目 = 百
- な/亻 + 数 + め/目 = 佰
- ゆ/彳 + 数 + め/目 = 弼
- 心 + 数 + め/目 = 栢
- か/金 + 数 + め/目 = 瓸
- ま/石 + 数 + め/目 = 竡
- の/禾 + 数 + め/目 = 粨
- そ/馬 + 数 + め/目 = 貊
- さ/阝 + 数 + め/目 = 陌
- 数 + せ/食 = 千
- な/亻 + 数 + せ/食 = 仟
- ぬ/力 + 数 + せ/食 = 刋
- ま/石 + 数 + せ/食 = 竏
- さ/阝 + 数 + せ/食 = 阡
- 数 + ま/石 = 万
- 数 + 数 + ま/石 = 萬
- の/禾 + 数 + ま/石 = 糲
- や/疒 + 数 + ま/石 = 癘
- む/車 + 数 + ま/石 = 蛎
- 心 + 数 + ま/石 = 栃
- ま/石 + 数 + ま/石 = 砺
- き/木 + 数 + る/忄 = 楞
- 心 + 龸 + 数 = 杤
- 数 + 宿 = 兆
- な/亻 + 数 + 宿 = 佻
- て/扌 + 数 + 宿 = 挑
- 日 + 数 + 宿 = 晁
- う/宀/#3 + 数 + 宿 = 窕
- か/金 + 数 + 宿 = 銚
- 数 + な/亻 = 億
- 数 + と/戸 = 廿
- 数 + よ/广 = 丗
- 数 + 数 + よ/广 = 卅
Compounds of heavenly stems
- 数 + こ/子 = 甲
- も/門 + 数 + こ/子 = 匣
- れ/口 + 数 + こ/子 = 呷
- け/犬 + 数 + こ/子 = 狎
- ⺼ + 数 + こ/子 = 胛
- 数 + を/貝 = 乙
- や/疒 + 数 + を/貝 = 乢
- て/扌 + 数 + を/貝 = 扎
- 数 + へ/⺩ = 丙
- 火 + 数 + へ/⺩ = 炳
- さ/阝 + 数 + へ/⺩ = 陋
- と/戸 + 数 + へ/⺩ = 鞆
- 数 + て/扌 = 丁
- れ/口 + 数 + て/扌 = 叮
- に/氵 + 数 + て/扌 = 汀
- た/⽥ + 数 + て/扌 = 甼
- や/疒 + 数 + て/扌 = 疔
- ま/石 + 数 + て/扌 = 竚
- い/糹/#2 + 数 + て/扌 = 紵
- 心 + 数 + て/扌 = 苧
- せ/食 + 数 + て/扌 = 酊
- 数 + ひ/辶 = 戊
- 数 + き/木 = 己
- 心 + 数 + き/木 = 杞
- 数 + の/禾 = 庚
- 数 + に/氵 = 壬
- ふ/女 + 数 + に/氵 = 婬
- ね/示 + 数 + に/氵 = 衽
- 数 + す/発 = 癸
- て/扌 + 数 + す/発 = 揆
Other compounds
- 数 + ち/竹 = 父
- 数 + し/巿 = 寸
- き/木 + 数 = 束
- ぬ/力 + 数 = 勅
- ぬ/力 + ぬ/力 + 数 = 敕
- ん/止 + 数 = 整
- 氷/氵 + 数 = 瀬
- よ/广 + 数 = 疎
- ま/石 + 数 = 辣
- ひ/辶 + 数 = 速
- お/頁 + 数 = 頼
- る/忄 + き/木 + 数 = 悚
- selector 1 + き/木 + 数 = 朿
- ち/竹 + 数 = 策
- き/木 + き/木 + 数 = 棗
- 心 + き/木 + 数 = 棘
- ま/石 + き/木 + 数 = 竦
- み/耳 + き/木 + 数 = 踈
- 心 + 数 + 数 = 蕀
- ふ/女 + お/頁 + 数 = 嬾
- る/忄 + お/頁 + 数 = 懶
- け/犬 + お/頁 + 数 = 獺
- や/疒 + お/頁 + 数 = 癩
- ち/竹 + お/頁 + 数 = 籟
- 心 + お/頁 + 数 = 藾
- ゑ/訁 + 数 = 讐
- そ/馬 + 数 + り/分 = 尓
- 数 + う/宀/#3 + 龸 = 卍
- く/艹 + 宿 + 数 = 薮
- ゑ/訁 + 宿 + 数 = 讎
- 数 + 数 + 数 = 數
- う/宀/#3 + 宿 + 数 = 窶
- ち/竹 + 宿 + 数 = 籔
- く/艹 + 龸 + 数 = 藪
- 数 + か/金 + ら/月 = 髏
Notes
Braille patterns
The Malta Historical Society is a society devoted to the history of Malta. It was founded in 1950 after a public appeal by professor Arturo Bonnici in Lehen is-Sewwa, the Catholic Action newspaper. Bonnici was subsequently elected the first president. Other past presidents include Seraphim Zarb, Vincent Borg, Godfrey Wettinger, Albert Ganado, Stanley Fiorini, Mario Buhagiar, Giovanni Bonello, Roger Ellul Micallef, and Theresa Vella.
Godfrey Wettinger was also a founding member.
Its journal is Melita Historica.
References
1950 establishments in Malta
History of Malta
Learned societies of Malta
Souleymane Sylla (born 5 May 1984) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker.
External links
lfp.fr
francefootball.fr
1984 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Guinean footballers
FC Istres players
BSC Young Boys players
AC Ajaccio players
Ligue 2 players
19 par Patricia Kaas is the 2009 compilation album by French singer Patricia Kaas.
Track listing
Charts
References
2009 albums
Patricia Kaas albums
Thermoniphas kamitugensis is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Butterflies described in 1945
Thermoniphas
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
George Stevens (24 February 1891 – after 1926) was a Scottish footballer who scored 38 goals from 136 appearances in the English Football League playing as a left-sided forward for Darlington and Crewe Alexandra.
Life and career
Stevens was born in Dundee, Scotland, and by 1920, they were playing football for English North Eastern League club Darlington. They scored their second goal as they eliminated Football League First Division club Sheffield Wednesday from the 1919–20 FA Cup in front of a Monday-afternoon crowd of 52,388. The following season, they contributed to Darlington's winning the North Eastern League title, thus ensuring their inclusion in the newly formed Northern Section of the Third Division. Stevens helped Darlington to second place in their first season in the Football League, and went one better three years later, when they gained promotion to the Second Division as champions.
Together with teammate Davie Brown, Stevens was released on a free transfer at the end of the 1925–26 season, and returned to the Third Division with Crewe Alexandra. The Daily Express thought their inclusion "should considerably strengthen the attack". Brown scored heavily for Crewe, but Stevens played only rarely, and finished their league career at the end of that season.
References
1891 births
Year of death missing
Footballers from Dundee
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
Darlington F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
English Football League players
Place of death missing
Pablo Torre may refer to:
Pablo Torre (director), Argentine producer, film director, and screenplay writer
Pablo Torre (footballer) (born 2003), Spanish footballer
Pablo S. Torre, Filipino-American sportswriter
Catholic World News (CWN) is an online independent news service founded in 1996 by Philip F. Lawler providing news concerning the Catholic Church. Staffed by lay Catholic journalists, its editorial policy is generally conservative with an emphasis on orthodoxy. Lawler founded CWN after working at the conservative think tank The Heritage Foundation.
It features an archive of over 47,000 news stories as well as editorial commentary (the "Off the Record" blog) and a forum for subscribers ("Sound Off").
The service was purchased by Trinity Communications, a non-profit corporation focused on Catholic organization web-development.
In September 2005, CWN published an article that "set off fear among some priests that the Vatican was about to institute an outright ban on gay seminarians," according to the New York Times.
References
External links
Religious magazines published in the United States
Political magazines published in the United States
Catholic media
Online magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1996
Conservative magazines published in the United States
William Rothman (born June 25, 1944) is an American film theorist and critic. Since receiving their Ph.D. in Philosophy from Harvard University in 1974, they have authored numerous books, including Hitchcock: The Murderous Gaze (1982), The “I” of the Camera: Essays in Film Criticism, History and Aesthetic (1988), and Tuitions and Intuitions: Essays at the Intersection of Film Criticism and Philosophy (2019). They were "part of a modern wave of thinkers to apply questions of philosophy to the medium of movies" during the 1980s, and their work contributed to the emergence of the sub-discipline that has come to be known as “film-philosophy.” Rothman has also written on aspects of film theory and on the writings of Stanley Cavell, an American philosopher who made film a major focus of their work.  They are currently Professor of Cinematic Arts in the School of Communication at the University of Miami.
Life
William Rothman received their Ph.D. from Harvard's Philosophy Department, where Stanley Cavell was their dissertation advisor. After submitting their dissertation in 1973, they accepted a position as Assistant Professor in Cinema Studies at New York University. In 1976, a National Endowment for the Humanities grant brought them back to Harvard, "to develop a set of eight courses to the present curriculum in film and to develop new teaching and research tools...to help secure the humanistic incorporation of film into universities."
In 1986, Rothman became Director of the International Honors Program on Film, Television and Social Change in Europe and Asia. In 1989, they and their wife, filmmaker Kitty Morgan, wrote and co-produced (with the National Film Development Corporation of India) Unni, a 35mm feature film shot in South India and directed by the Indian filmmaker G. Aravindan. In 1990, Rothman relocated to Florida to be a Professor in the Motion Picture Program (now the Department of Cinematic Arts) at the University of Miami, where they served as Director of the Graduate Program in Film Studies for several years. They were the founding editor of the "Harvard Film Studies" series at Harvard University Press, and also served as series editor for the "Cambridge Studies in Film" series at Cambridge University Press.
Writings
Rothman has published critical essays on films ranging from the works of Alfred Hitchcock and other “classical” directors (e.g., George Cukor, John Ford, Howard Hawks, Yasujiro Ozu, Jean Renoir, Billy Wilder) to more contemporary filmmakers (e.g., Chantal Akerman, the Dardenne brothers, Abbas Kiarostami, Terrence Malick).
In Rothman's first book, Hitchcock: The Murderous Gaze (1982), their stated goals were to achieve a philosophical perspective on Hitchcock's authorship and to investigate, philosophically, the conditions of authorship in film. In pursuit of these goals, they performed extended readings, incorporating over 600 frame enlargements of five Hitchcock films.
Their 1997 book Documentary Film Classics was part of a revival of scholarly interest in the subject, focusing on historically significant documentaries (from Nanook of the North and Land without Bread to Night and Fog, “direct cinema” films of Richard Leacock and D. A. Pennebaker, ethnographic films of Jean Rouch and Robert Gardner, and personal documentaries by Alfred Guzzetti, Ross McElwee and Edward Pincus).
Rothman has also written on and edited collections of the writings of Cavell, which, according to scholar David LaRocca, have "helped the inheritance of Cavell's relationship to film and thinking about film." Rothman's later work focused on the implications of the affinities between Cavell's way of thinking and that of Ralph Waldo Emerson, a moral and philosophical outlook Cavell named “Emersonian perfectionism.”
Books
Hitchcock—The Murderous Gaze, Harvard University Press, 1982
The “I” of the Camera: Essays in Film History, Criticism and Aesthetics, Cambridge University Press, 1988; Expanded edition, 2004
Documentary Film Classics, Cambridge University Press, 1997
Reading Cavell's “The World Viewed”: A Philosophical Perspective on Film (with Marian Keane), Wayne State University Press, 2000
Cavell on Film (editor), State University of New York Press, 2005
Jean Rouch: A Celebration of Life and Film, Schena Editore and Presses de l'Université de Paris-Sorbonne (editor), 2007
Three Documentary Filmmakers: Errol Morris, Ross McElwee, Jean Rouch (editor), State University of New York Press, 2009
Hitchcock—The Murderous Gaze (expanded edition), State University of New York Press, 2012
Must We Kill the Thing We Love? Emersonian Perfectionism and the Films of Alfred Hitchcock, Columbia University Press, 2014
Looking with Robert Gardner, State University of New York Press (co-editor), 2016
Tuitions and Intuitions: Essays at the Intersection of Film Criticism and Philosophy, State University of New York Press, 2019
The Holiday in Their Eye: Stanley Cavell's Vision of Film and Philosophy, State University of New York Press (scheduled publication, November 2021)
Selected Keynote Addresses, Special Lectures, and Other Professional Activities
“Cavell's Two Takes on The Philadelphia Story,” La pensée du cinema: International Conference in Honor of Stanley Cavell, Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne, Paris, 2019
“Pursuits of Happiness: Cavell in Transition,” “The Thought of Movies” Conference, University of California at Santa Barbara, 2019
“Cavell Reading Cavell,” “The Thought of Movies” Conference, Boston University, 2019
“Alfred Hitchcock's Signature Motifs,” video essay for Criterion Collection DVD of Hitchcock's The Lodger, 2017
“Silent Cinema in China,” Columbia Global Center, Paris, 2017
“Pursuing Pursuits of Happiness,” Colloquium “À la recherche du bonheur. Stanley Cavell, le cinéma et la vie ordinaire,” Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne, Paris, 2017
“Film, Philosophy, Education,” the Gregynog Conference on the Philosophy of Education, Wales, 2016
“Dardenne, Levinas, Cavell,” Film-Philosophy conference, Edinburgh, 2016
“Levinas and Cavell,” the annual Wittgenstein Lecture, Centre de philosophie contemporaine de la Sorbonne, Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne, 2016
“Emerson, Film, Hitchcock,” Colloquium on Philosophy and Film, Åbo Akademi University, Finland, 2015
“Seeing the Light in The Tree of Life,” International Colloquium on Film and Philosophy, Lima, Peru, 2014
“Television Drama Then and Now,” the Annual George Brandt Lecture, University of Bristol, UK, 2014
“Marnie: Hitchcock's Last Masterpiece,” closing evening address at the New York International Film Festival, 2012
“Suspense and Temporality in the Films of Alfred Hitchcock,” Conference on Suspenseful Times and the Moving Image, Tel Aviv University, 2010
“Moral Perfectionism and the Films of Alfred Hitchcock,” Conference on Philosophy and Criticism,” The University of Sydney, August 2010
“The Universal Hitchcock,” the Annual Daphne Mayo Lecture, University of Queensland Art Museum, Brisbane, Australia, 2010
Further reading
Butler, Rex, “William Rothman's Vertigo,” Film-Philosophy, Vol. 18, 2014
Butler, Rex, “William Rothman,” in Rex Butler, Stanley Cavell and The Arts: Philosophy and Popular Culture, Bloomsbury, 2020, 107-27
Cameron, Evan, “Documentary Film Classics by William Rothman,” The Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism, Vol. 59, No. 2 (Spring, 2001), 215-217
Carr, Jay, “A Wistful, Sensitive Unni," Boston Globe, September 14, 1989
Cavell, Stanley, “Words for a Conversation,” in Charles Warren, ed., Beyond Document: Essays in Nonfiction Film, Wesleyan University Press, 1998, xi-xxviii
Cholodenko, Alan, “Acknowledgment—No Knowledge Without it: An Introduction to William Rothman and Their Work,” Film-Philosophy, Vol. 18, 2014
Clayton, Alex, and Andrew Klevan, The Language and Style of Film Criticism, Routledge, 2012
Crouse, Jeffrey, “Why Not Realize Your World? Philosopher/Film Scholar William Rothman Interviewed by Jeffrey Crouse,” Film International, Vol. 9, Issue 6, 2011
LaRocca, David, editor, The Thought of Stanley Cavell and Cinema, Bloomsbury, 2019, passim
MacLennan, Gary, “Rothman and the Challenge of Critical Realism,” Film-Philosophy, Vol. 1, No. 1, 1997
Pye, Douglas, “Hitchcock: The Murderous Gaze by William Rothman,” Journal of American Studies, Vol. 17, No. 1, 1983, pp. 107-109
Rothman, William, “Against the System of the Suture,” Film Quarterly, 1975
Sullivan, David, “‘I'ing Cinema: Rothman's Readings of Cinematographic Visions and Visionaries, Aesthetics,” Film-Philosophy, Vol. 2, No. 1, 1998
Thomas, Paul, “Hitchcock—The Murderous Gaze,” American Film, April 1982
Toles, George, “Writing About Performance: the Film Critic as Actor,” in Alex Clayton and Andrew Klevan, eds.,The Language and Style of Film Criticism, Routledge, 2012, 87-105
Warren, Charles, “Documentary Film Classics,” Journal of Film and Video, 2000
References
1944 births
Living people
American film critics
Film theorists
Harvard University alumni
University of Miami faculty
Rameez Junaid and Philipp Marx were the defenders of title, but they lost to Johan Brunström and Jean-Julien Rojer in the semifinal.
Pablo Cuevas and Sergio Roitman withdrew in the final, so Brunström and Rojer became the new champions.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Doubles Draw
BSI Challenger Lugano - Doubles
BSI Challenger Lugano
The Mġarr phase is one of the eleven phases of Maltese prehistory. It is named for the town of Mġarr, in the west of the island, where pottery older than the Ta' Ħaġrat temple complex was found.
The Mġarr phase, approximately 3800-3600 BCE, follows the Żebbuġ phase in the Temple period, and precedes the three phases, the Ġgantija, Saflieni and Tarxien phases, during which the principal megalithic temples of Malta were built.
References
Neolithic cultures of Europe
Pre-Indo-Europeans
Megalithic Temples of Malta
Maltese prehistory
Archaeological cultures of Southern Europe
Archaeological cultures in Malta
Patrona was a military rank of the Ottoman Navy equivalent to a Vice admiral or modern Turkish Tümamiral. The word Patrona was originally Italian as term for the Admiral's galley. The Ottoman Patrona was the second commander of the Ottoman fleet, junior to the Kapudan Pasha (Admiral).
The rank was used since 17th century but abolished in 1855 and replaced by Ferik Amiral.
The Patrona's flag was the red Ottoman flag (including white crescent and star) with a silver cannon on the red ground.
Sources
Ernst von Skork: Das Volk und Reich der Osmanen, in besonderer Darstellung ihrer Kriegsverfassung und Kriegswesens, p. 262ff. Friese, Pirna 1829
First Encyclopaedia of Islam (1913-1936), Vol. VI, p. 1164. Brill, Leiden 1938/93
Candan Badem: Ottoman Crimean War (1853 - 1856), p. 113. Brill, Leiden 2010
A. Y. Al-Hassan: Science and Technology in Islam, p. 230. UNESCO, Beirut 2001
Turkish Navy Homepage: Türk Denizci Kıyafet ve Unvanları
Turkish Language Association: Patrona
Military insignia
Naval ranks
Military ranks of the Ottoman Empire
The Men's synchronized 10 metre platform competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 28 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 28 June at 10:00.
The final was started on 28 June at 19:00.
Green denotes finalists
References
Men's synchronized 10 metre platforms
There are several derbies in the Allsvenskan and in the lower divisions of the Swedish football pyramid.
Background
Most derbies in the league exist for geographical reasons, like most leagues in the world.
Like Spain's Superclasico and the Liverpool–Manchester rivalry, derbies also take place between clubs from two cities in different parts of the country, most of which involve one of the three big Stockholm based teams and either Malmö or Gothenburg.
City derbies
Stockholm
AIK vs Djurgården
AIK vs Djurgården is the most classic derby in Stockholm and is known as the fiercest derby in Sweden and Scandinavia. The clubs are historically Stockholm's biggest and most successful clubs with AIK having won a total of 12 Swedish Championships and Djurgården also 12. The rivalry has existed since 1891, the year both clubs were founded in, separated by just three weeks. Thereby known as Tvillingderbyt (Derby of the twins), matches between the two clubs are sometimes listed in the European top ten of the hottest derbies. Since 1891, 220 fixtures have been contested in all competitions with both clubs winning 80 games each. Historically AIK has been the most victorious between the two of all fixtures. In later years, AIK has been dominating the derbys against Djurgården, so much that multiple sections of the Djurgården fans made a letter to their team famously labeled "Enough is enough!".
Djurgården consider the affluent Östermalm district, the eastern part of Stockholm City Centre, their traditional heartland, while AIK has a strong concentration of fans in the northwest, roughly along the blue line of the Metro. There is also a social class difference, the supporters of AIK has been seen as largely a middle to upper-middle class team and in their earlier years mainly upper class. Djurgården is mostly viewed as an upper-class team today, though their attendance is largely middle-class supporters.
AIK supporters are nicknamed "gnagare" (Swedish for rodents), while the Djurgården supporters are called "järnkaniner" (The iron rabbits"). Although Djurgården is also called "apor" ("monkeys") by themselves and their rivals due to their name "Djurgården" is the name for the island in Stockholm that inhabits the famous Skansen zoo-park.
This rivalry is also found in ice hockey which further aggravates tension between both sets of fans and shapes the rivalry as quite unique in Sweden. In general, the supporters of these two clubs consider the other team to be their biggest rival.
AIK vs Hammarby
AIK and Hammarby are arguably the two football clubs with the biggest support in Sweden. In 2015, two of the three games between these two teams had an attendance of 41 063 and 41 630 respectively, which is more than any other matches in the Nordic Countries. Hammarby consider Södermalm, the southern district of Stockholm City Centre where the club was founded, and the boroughs south of said district, their heartland. AIK have a strong concentration of fans in the north, west and centre of the city, roughly along the blue line of the Metro.
Djurgården vs Hammarby
This derby is considered less significant than the AIK-Djurgården rivalry but equally or possibly even more intense than the AIK-Hammarby rivalry. This fiercely contended football rivalry traces its origin back to the later half of the 1910s but did not reach relevance until the 1950s and '60s when Hammarby established themselves as a top-flight outfit. Hammarby consider Södermalm, the southern district of Stockholm City Centre where the club was founded, as well as the boroughs just south of said district, their heartland. Djurgården counts Östermalm, the district that forms the eastern part of the city centre, and where their former home ground Stadion is situated, as their stronghold. Djurgården's former home ground Stockholm Olympic Stadium was located adjacent to the Östermalm district, while Hammarby has since 1946 predominantly played in the Johanneshov district, just south of Södermalm. In 2013, both teams moved into the newly constructed Tele2 Arena located in Johanneshov, which has increased tensions significantly between Djurgården and Hammarby fans.
Gothenburg
IFK Göteborg vs Örgryte IS
Traditionally the main rivalry in Gothenburg, contested between the city's most successful sides. Before the foundation of IFK Göteborg, the dominant club in the Gothenburg area was Örgryte IS, then considered a middle class club and in later years an upper class club. IFK became popular amongst the working class, creating a fierce rivalry based upon both local pride and social class. In the early 20th century, supporters were supposed to act as gentlemen, applauding and supporting both their own team, and the opponents. However, this proved a hard task for supporters of the Gothenburg teams. Local patriotism and class differences sometimes resulted in fights and pitch invasions, making the Swedish press view IFK and Örgryte fans as the scum of Swedish football. The derbies between the two teams have attracted some of the highest attendance in Swedish football. The fixture attracted 52,194 spectators in 1959, an all-time Allsvenskan record. The rivalry has decreased in recent years due to the decline of Örgryte IS.
IFK Göteborg vs GAIS
IFK Göteborg and GAIS are the two best supported clubs in the city with 50 percent and 12 percent of the city respectively supporting them. Both club's supporters are historically working-class. The biggest attendance in "Göteborgsklassikern" (Gothenburg Classic) is 50,690 at Nya Ullevi stadium.
GAIS vs Örgryte IS
Games between the second most popular (GAIS, supported by 12 percent of the city) and third most popular (Örgryte, supported by 11 percent) clubs of Gothenburg do not stir up the same kind of emotion as the other derbies in the city tend to do. Though there is some ill feeling between the clubs due to GAIS traditionally being seen as a working-class club and Örgryte IS being seen as an upper-class club.
BK Häcken
As the smallest club of the Gothenburg area, and based on the island Hisingen, the rivalry with the bigger clubs in Gothenburg is not especially strong but has increased due BK Häcken having established itself as a first-tier club. In the 2012 Allsvenskan they finished as runners-up.
Malmö
IFK Malmö vs Malmö FF
A significant rivalry in the early 20th century, since 1960s the clubs have played only one cup fixture.
Södertälje
Assyriska FF vs Syrianska FC
Based in the city of Södertälje, 35 kilometers southwest of Stockholm, both clubs share the 6,700 capacity Södertälje Fotbollsarena. The two sides are the most successful and popular "immigrant clubs" in Sweden and are mostly supported by Assyrians/Syriacs. Assyriska Föreningen were founded in 1971 and Syrianska in 1977 by Assyrian refugees.
Norrköping
IFK Norrköping vs IK Sleipner
Sleipner were in the early 20th century seen as the working-class club in Norrköping, and the sides battled in Allsvenskan up until the 1940s. After that Sleipner has fallen through the divisions however and the rivalry is all but forgotten today, except among older generations.
Halmstad
Halmstads BK vs IS Halmia
A derby played in the town of Halmstad, with both teams sharing the main local football stadium Örjans Vall. The majority of the matches have been played in the leagues just below Allsvenskan. Halmia being the dominant team until the 1930s when the teams became more evenly matched. The last competitive derby, to date, was played in 1979 as Halmia was relegated the same year and has fallen through to the fourth tier. The derbies that have been played since have mainly been friendly matches or in local youth competitions.
Regional rivalries
Scania County
Helsingborgs IF vs Malmö FF
Known as Skånederbyt. A significant rivalry between the two most successful sides from the southern part of the country and the county of Scania, Helsingborgs IF and Malmö FF.
Helsingborgs IF vs Landskrona BoIS
Known as Nordvästra Skånederbyt. A match between the two biggest clubs from the northwestern part of the county of Scania, Helsingborgs IF and Landskrona BoIS.
Malmö FF vs Trelleborgs FF
Known as Sydvästra Skånederbyt. A minor rivalry solely based on geography between two clubs from the southwestern part of Scania, Malmö FF and Trelleborgs FF.
Västra Götaland County
IF Elfsborg vs IFK Göteborg
The fixture between IF Elfsborg and IFK Göteborg is known as the Västderby (Western Derby) or as "El Västico".
Elfsborg is based in Borås, 65 kilometers east of Gothenburg.
Halland province
Halmstad BK vs Falkenbergs FF vs Varbergs BoIS
Derbies in Halland consist mainly of fixtures between the highest ranking teams Halmstads BK, Falkenbergs FF and Varbergs BoIS.
The biggest rivalry in the province is between Falkenbergs FF and Halmstads BK. These are the two clubs with the most supporters in the province and the games attract relatively big crowds. The fixture between the two coastal cities is sometimes jokingly referred to as "El Custico", a wordplay on kust (the Swedish word for "coast") and "clásico".
Games between Varbergs BoIS and Falkenbergs FF also attract relatively big crowds.
Halmstads BK vs. Varbergs BoIS is a minor rivalry, due to the fact that both Halmstad and Varberg consider Falkenberg their biggest rivals. Falkenberg is situated at a roughly equal distance between Halmstad and Varberg.
Historically the "Halmstad derby", between Halmstads BK and IS Halmia, was fierce but has little importance since Halmia play in the fourth tier.
Småland province
Kalmar FF vs Östers IF
The two most supported clubs in the historical province of Småland fight the Smålandsderbyt. Östers IF from Växjö have four titles in Allsvenskan and Kalmar FF have one title.
Jönköpings Södra IF vs Östers IF
Both clubs are situated in the same province of Småland and currently play in the Superettan (Second division) league. The ambition to create a rivalry comes mainly from Jönköpings Södra IF fans, this is only met with disappointment from Öster fans who cannot recognize them enough as a true rival, due to the Jönköping Södra team's lack of "real fans" and historical fixtures with Öster.
Norrland
GIF Sundsvall vs Östersunds FK
These two teams are the only two Norrland sides who have competed in the first tier in recent years, and are based in two neighboring "landskap" (historical provinces), Medelpad and Jämtland, whose inhabitants also have a rivalry outside sports. There is a 190-kilometer distance between the two cities who are roughly the same size.
GIF Sundsvall vs Umeå FC
The match between GIF Sundsvall and Umeå FC has been seen as the most prestigious derby in Norrland, the northern part of Sweden. Even though the distance between the cities is 264 km. Sundsvall also has a minor derby against Gefle IF in Norrland. Ice hockey is given more attention than football in Norrland, and its derbies are considered more prestigious.
Örebro Län
Örebro SK vs Degerfors IF
The derby between Örebro SK and Degerfors IF is known as a länsderby (county derby). Even though Degerfors historically belongs to Värmland province and Örebro SK to Närke province, the rivalry is relatively fierce.
Östergötland
IFK Norrköping vs Åtvidabergs FF
IFK Norrköping vs Åtvidabergs FF is known as "Östgötaderbyt". It is the fixture between the two most successful clubs in the historical province of Östergötland. The fixture also gains prestige from Åtvidaberg's proximity to Linköping, the largest city in the province, who itself has a rivalry with Norrköping, the second largest city in the province.
Sporting rivalries
IFK Göteborg vs Malmö FF
Played between the two most successful sides in Sweden. The rivalry was at its most significant in the 1980s when both clubs dominated Swedish football.
AIK vs IFK Göteborg
The biggest rivalry between a Stockholm-based club and a Gothenburg-based club. It can be said to be a footballing rivalry as well as inter-city based rivalry between the most successful teams from Stockholm and Gothenburg respectively. The nation's two largest cities share a big inter-city rivalry. Fixtures between different clubs from the two cities are seen as important, but this clash is the only one which can be seen as a full on rivalry.
Hammarby vs Malmö FF
Any Stockholm club is not seen well in Malmö. A higher Hammarby vs Malmö FF rivalry ignited in 2019 when Zlatan Ibrahimović bought shares in Hammarby. After this the statue of them in their home city Malmö was vandalised and they were accused of being a traitor.
See also
Denmark–Sweden football rivalry
References
Sources cited
External links
Sveriges Fotbollshistoriker och Statistiker - statistics site
Allsvenskan.just.nu - statistics site
Anthias are members of the family Serranidae and make up the subfamily Anthiinae. Anthias make up a sizeable portion of the population of pink, orange, and yellow reef fishes seen swarming in most coral reef photography and film. The name Anthiidae is preoccupied by a subfamily of ground beetles in the family Carabidae created by Bonelli in 1813 and this grouping should be called the Anthiadinae. However, both the 5th Edition of Fishes of the World and Fishbase give the Serranid subfamily as "Anthiinae".
Anthias are mostly small, thus are quite popular within the ornamental fish trade. They form complex social structures based on the number of males and females and also their position on the reef itself, and are mainly zooplankton feeders. They occur in all tropical oceans and seas of the world. The first species recognized in this group was described in the Mediterranean and northeast Atlantic and was given name Anthias anthias by Carl Linnaeus in 1758.
Anthias can shoal by the thousands. Anthias do school in these large groups, though they tend toward more intimate subdivisions within the school, appropriately called "harems". These consist of one dominant, colorful male, and two to 12 females — which have their own hierarchy among them — and up to two 'subdominant' males, often less brightly colored and not territorial. Within the swarm of females, territorial males perform acrobatic U-swim displays and vigorously defend an area of the reef and its associated harem.
Most anthias are protogynous hermaphrodites. These anthias are born female; if a dominant male perishes, the largest female of the group will often change into a male to take its place. This may lead to squabbling between the next-largest male, which sees an opportunity to advance, and the largest female, whose hormones are surging with testosterone.
Seven genera of anthias are known to occur in coral reef ecosystems: Holanthias, Luzonichthys, Nemanthias, Plectranthias, Pseudanthias, Rabaulichthys, and Serranocirrhitus. Members of all these genera make it into the aquarium trade, although Pseudanthias is by far the most encountered in the hobby.
Genera
The following genera are classified within the Anthiinae:
Acanthistius Gill, 1862
Anatolanthias Anderson, Parin & Randall, 1990
Anthias Bloch, 1792
Baldwinella Anderson & Heemstra, 2012
Caesioperca Castelnau, 1872
Caprodon Temminck & Schlegel, 1843
Choranthias Anderson & Heemstra, 2012
Dactylanthias Bleeker, 1871
Epinephelides Ogilby, 1899
Giganthias Katayama, 1954
Hemanthias Steindachner, 1875
Holanthias Günther 1868
Hypoplectrodes Gill, 1862
Lepidoperca Regan, 1914
Luzonichthys Herre, 1936
Meganthias Randall & Heemstra, 2006
Nemanthias J.L.B. Smith, 1954
Odontanthias Bleeker, 1873
Othos Castelnau, 1875
Plectranthias Bleeker, 1873
Pronotogrammus Gill, 1863
Pseudanthias Bleeker, 1871
Rabaulichthys Allen, 1984
Sacura Jordan & Richardson, 1910
Selenanthias Tanaka, 1918
Serranocirrhitus Watanabe, 1949
Tosana H.M. Smith & Pope, 1906
Tosanoides Kamohara, 1953
Trachypoma Günther, 1859
References
Serranidae
Fish subfamilies
Patrick Johansson may refer to:
Patrick Johansson (historian) (born 1946), French-Mexican researcher
Patrick Johansson (musician) (born 1976), Swedish drummer
Patrick Johansson (bandy) (born 1963), Swedish bandy player
Naeviology is a method of divination which looks at the moles, scars, or other bodily marks on a person as a means of telling their future. It peaked in popularity between the 1700 and 1800s. Several scientific papers have tried to automate the process of mole reading.
In India this practice is called moleology or moleosophy. There is a related process called Chinese facial mole reading which links mole locations primarily on the face with personality traits or future life events; there are smartphone applications which claim to foretell the future using the phone's camera to survey moles.
References
Divination
Territorial Assembly elections were held in the Republic of Upper Volta on 19 April 1959. The result was a victory for the African Democratic Rally, which won 62 of the 75 seats in the Assembly. Voter turnout was 46.9%.
Results
References
Elections in Burkina Faso
Upper Volta
1959 in Upper Volta
Waterlooville is a market town in the Borough of Havant in Hampshire, England, approximately north northeast of Portsmouth. It is the largest town in the borough.
The town has a population of about 64,350 and is surrounded by Purbrook, Blendworth, Cowplain, Lovedean, Clanfield, Catherington, Crookhorn, Denmead, Hambledon, Horndean and Widley. It forms part of the South Hampshire conurbation. The town formed around the old A3 London to Portsmouth road.
Waterlooville is twinned with Maurepas, Yvelines in France and Henstedt-Ulzburg in Germany.
History
It is reputed that the name derived from a pub that stood at the centre of the town, then known as Wait Lane End, where the stage-coach horses waited to change places with the team that pulled the coach up and over Portsdown Hill. The pub had been named Heroes of Waterloo because, on its opening day. in 1815, soldiers who had just disembarked at Portsmouth, returning from the Battle of Waterloo, decided to stop there and celebrate their victory. According to local legend, many of them settled there. The pub was thereafter renamed in their honour and the area around the pub became known as Waterloo. In order to differentiate the town from other places with the same name, it became known as Waterlooville at a later date. The town was known as Waterloo parish at the time of the 1911 Census.
The original "Heroes" pub was at a crossroads near the main bus-stop. It was demolished in 1966 and replaced with a bank; a new pub took the same name and is located at the northern end of the shopping precinct. There are two other pubs in the town centre: The Wellington closed in May 2017 and the site was redeveloped as a cocktail bar, called Number 73, which opened in March 2018. Other pubs are The Denmead Queen, part of the JD Wetherspoon pub chain.
In June 2015 Waterlooville town celebrated its first 200 years, its origins and history in a festival called Waterlooville 200.
The town centre was closed to traffic in 1985 when a bypass was constructed to take traffic away from the main shopping area. The bypass, initially anonymous, was named Maurepas Way sometime after the two towns were twinned in 1995. An underpass was constructed for pedestrians walking up along the Hambledon road. Between 1982 and 1983 the old road was then fully converted to a pedestrian precinct. The precinct had a fountain and raised area at the northern end, near the Heroes pub; however, regular vandalism of the fountain soon resulted in its removal.
GEC Marconi built a site at Waterlooville for their Underwater Systems Division in the early 1980s, for the Stingray anti-submarine torpedo. A peace camp was set up near the construction site. After completion of the GEC building, a free music festival was held at Old Park Farm in Waterlooville called Torpedo Town. A second Torpedo Town festival was held in August 1987 at Bramdean Common near Winchester.
Near the town centre is St George's Church, rebuilt in 1968–70 around the core of the original (1830) church. Waterlooville Baptist Church was built in 1967 in a Modernist style to replace the original chapel of 1884–85 in the town centre. During the 1950s and 1960s the surrounding area saw extensive growth in housing, when large suburban public and private housing estates were constructed. This resulted in the original Victorian church failing to cope with the population growth. Plans for a new church were started and in 1970 the new church was built on the site of the old church. Parts of the old church were retained.
In July 2011 the town saw the consecration of its first Roman Catholic Church. For the preceding eighty years the growing Catholic community in the town had utilised at first one aisle of, and ultimately the entire of the chapel at St Michaels convent. However the decision of the sisters of Our Lady of Charity to sell the main convent site coupled with the inadequate capacity led to a new church being required. The new church which is dedicated to "The Sacred Heart of Jesus and St Peter the Apostle" sits to the north of the town centre on London Road.
In August 2012 the northern part of the shopping centre underwent a £700,000 renovation, the raised area holding the former fountain was removed and new block paving installed. The renovation increased the area available to the weekly Friday market and improved pedestrian accessibility. In addition a "smoking-shelter" style band-stand was installed at pedestrian T-junction with The Boulevard.
Climate
Waterlooville has a temperate oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification Cfb), similar to much of southern Britain. However, the climate in the area does have mild differences between highs and lows. with Chilly winters and warm summers. In January and February average nighttime minimum temperatures drop to about to , whereas in July and August average daytime maximum temperatures are around to . Although is common in July and August, the area rarely achieves above . In fact, in the last century there has only been two days in June 1976, one day in August 1990 and 1 day in August 2003 where temperatures reached over . The highest recorded temperature was around on 10 August 2003. In contrast, the lowest recorded temperature was on 12 January 1987, where the temperature dipped to . During winter, Waterlooville tends to have more frost than nearby Portsmouth as it has fewer influences from the sea and is more exposed to northerly winds. However, highs in the summer are slightly warmer than Portsmouth because there is less influence of cool breezes from the English Channel as the town is more inland. Sunshine averages are typical of that across the Portsmouth area, Isle of Wight and the south-west Sussex coast of around 1800 – 2100 hours of sunshine a year, where Southwesterly winds keep the sunshine hours up between late March and mid September, the town is also protected by the South Downs.
Transport
The main shopping precinct is served by First Hampshire & Dorset bus routes 7, 8, The X9 route has been discontinued and replaced by the D1 and D2 service which runs from Hambledon and Denmead and goes to Waterlooville town centre, and Stagecoach South services 37 and 39. The A3 Bus Corridor priority route (constructed between 2003 and 2007) serves the town. , the shopping precinct is closed to all road traffic other than buses.
The nearest train station is located in Bedhampton and is on the main train route between London and Portsmouth. For a time, South West Trains provided a direct bus link to Petersfield railway station via Horndean, enabling quick access to fast London-bound trains, but now the link to Petersfield is Stagecoach service 37 via Clanfield. Havant railway station is served by Stagecoach service 39, and stations in Portsmouth by First services 7 and 8. For westbound trains the station at Cosham, served by the local bus services, is on the line between Portsmouth and Fareham, with regular trains to Southampton and Cardiff.
Sport
Waterlooville has a swimming pool which is used by Havant and Waterlooville Swimming Club.
Waterlooville Cricket Club plays its home games at Jubilee Park. It runs three Saturday sides and has a youth set-up. The 1st XI currently competes in the Southern Premier Cricket League Division 2 with other sides spread across the Hampshire League spectrum.
There is a bowls club with a carpet green in Jubilee Park.
Havant & Waterlooville football club, which plays in Havant, was formed in 1998 after a merger between Havant Town and Waterlooville.
Governance
The area is unparished, therefore Waterlooville does not have a parish council or town council. The first tier of local government is the Borough of Havant, with councillors elected for its Waterloo, Hart Plain, Cowplain, and Stakes wards. The upper tier is Hampshire County Council; the town centre is combined with Stakes North as the single-councillor division of Waterlooville and Stakes North, while another division covers Cowplain and Hart Plain.
For representation to the House of Commons, Waterlooville falls within the Meon Valley constituency, and the Havant constituency is nearby to the south and east.
Development
Much of Waterlooville as well as Purbrook, Cowplain and Horndean, has spread out from London Road. However to the west of Waterlooville and Purbrook, the area bordered by Hambledon Road and London Road contains undeveloped land. As a result, the centre of Waterlooville borders fields to the west just a few hundred meters away, while to the north, east and south it is bordered by housing estates and Cowplain and Purbrook respectively.
In 2009, years of planning and joint involvement of Havant and Winchester councils came to fruition with the 'West of Waterlooville Major Development Area' housing scheme, starting with Maurepas Roundabout being enlarged to accommodate a new road and increased traffic. The work was delayed for some time, but continued in January 2012.
An idea has been proposed to redevelop Wellington Way into 264 rental flats as well as some commercial units in an attempt to increase rekindle interest into the local area. Wellington Way has been largely left behind with many of the shops standing empty and have been for some time. Wellington Way is owned by Westbrook Properties, the same company that have proposed the plan. They are offering to build a 9-story purpose build private rented accommodation block with a ground floor gym and shared courtyard balcony for residents.
Education
Waterlooville contains ten primary schools: Morelands Primary School, Meadowlands Junior and Infants School,
Padnell Infants and Junior School, Hart Plain Infants and Junior schools, Springwood Infant School (formerly Stakes Hill Infant School), Springwood Junior School (formerly Hulbert Junior School), Mill Hill Primary School (formerly Waite End Infants and Waite End Junior School and Waite End Primary School), Purbrook Infant and Junior Schools, Queens Inclosure Primary and St. Peter's Catholic Primary.
Two new two form entry primary schools are to be built in the new housing development area situated off the Maurepas Roundabout. The first of these is scheduled to open in September 2014 with a possible Year R only intake depending on the number of children needing places.
It contains five secondary schools: Horndean Technology College, The Cowplain School, Oaklands Catholic School, Purbrook Park School and Crookhorn College.
There are two colleges, Oaklands Catholic Sixth Form College and South Downs College.
Notable residents
Christopher Hitchens, writer, born in Waterlooville
Lewis Ganson, one of the most prolific writers in magic
Michael Giles, drummer, King Crimson, born in Waterlooville
James Edward Ignatius Masterson VC – won the Victoria Cross in 1900, retired to, and died in Waterlooville
General Sir Charles James Napier – retired to, and died in Waterlooville; their former house is now part of Oaklands School
Beatrice Shilling, aeronautical engineer, born in Waterlooville
Rob Styles, retired FIFA and FA Premier League Referee
Simon Whitlock, darts player, born Cessnock, Australia
See also
List of places of worship in the Borough of Havant
References
External links
Waterlooville celebrates its first 200 years (2015)
Towns in Hampshire
Mentuemhat or Montuemhat (c. 700 BCE – c. 650 BCE) was a rich and powerful Theban official from ancient Egypt who lived during the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt and Twenty-sixth Dynasty of Egypt. They were the Fourth Priest of Amun in Thebes.
 They are known from many statues and was buried in tomb TT34 of the Theban Necropolis.
History
Mentuemhat's father likely served as Mayor of Thebes during the reign of Shebitku. Montuemhat's father Nesptah passed on the position of Mayor of Thebes to their nephew Remmakheru and later to Mentuemhat himself. Mentuemhat served during the reigns of Taharqa and Psamtik I, which cover parts of the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt and Twenty-sixth Dynasty of Egypt.
When Tantamani came to power they attempted to regain lost territories in Lower Egypt, which they attacked, seizing Memphis and killing the Assyrian vassal Necho I in the process. Subsequently, Assurbanipal attacked Egypt, defeating Tantamani near Memphis, who then fled to Thebes, but the Assyrians pursued them there. Tantamani fled further south, while the Assyrians looted Thebes. After this episode Thebes became a more or less independent entity under the rule of the Mayor Mentuemhat. Thebes would have been ruled by Mentuemhat and the God's Wife Shepenupet II.
When Psamtik I came to the throne they negotiated a deal in year 9 where Shepenupet II adopted Psamtik's daughter Nitocris I. This negotiation would have been overseen by Montuemhat. These events were commemorated in a series of reliefs in the Temple of Mut. The Adoption Stela of Nitocris lists offerings made by Mentuemhat, their son Nesptah and their wife Wadjerenes.
Portraiture
Mentuemhet was a rich and powerful mayor and priest of Thebes and Governor of Upper Egypt who rebuilt the city after the Assyrians destroyed it. Mentuemhet's power over Thebes likely is what inspired them to portray themselves as a pharaoh in their statuary, like they were king of Egypt—and in the case of Upper Egypt, they de facto was. The Egyptian kings needed to appear as both a ruler and a god and were charged with maintaining stability within the kingdom. Thus Egyptian kings were almost always portrayed as cool and calm, like the Nile, and so Mentuemhet adopted such a motif into their own portraiture. All of Mentuemhet's statues were done in the style of the Old Kingdom of Egypt.
Family
Mentuemhat was the son of Nesptah (A), the third Prophet of Amun and Mayor of Thebes, and Istemkheb (C).
Mentuemhat had 3 wives: Neskhonsu, Shepenmut and Wadjerenes.
Neskhonsu
Neskhonsu (Neskhons, Eskhons) was the first wife of Mentuemhat. They were the mother of the eldest son and heir Nesptah (B). No shabtis inscribed for Neskhonsu have been found in TT34 which may mean they were not buried there.
Shepenmut
Shepenmut (Shepetenmut) was the second wife of Mentuemhat. They were the mother of a son also called Nesptah. Shepenmut is depicted in the tomb of Mentuemhat (TT34). Shepenmut and Mentuemhat are shown seated in a single chair before an offering table. Both are extending their arms towards the offerings. Shepenmut is depicted with a long tripartite wig and a broad collar. The depiction is typical for the 25th Dynasty.
Wadjerenes
Wadjerenes (Wedjarenes, Udjarenes), a Sistrum player of Amun-Re. They were a Nubian wife, the daughter of the King's Son (Piankhi-)Har and granddaughter of Piye. The name of their father appears on an offering table found in the First Court of TT34. An inscription in the tomb appears to name their mother as the Lady of the House and Noble Lady Shepmut. Wadjerenes's mother appears to be an Egyptian woman. Wadjerenes and Mentuemhat had a son named Pasher(y)enmut.
Statues of Mentuemhat
Seated figure in Neues Museum, Berlin
Kneeling statue at British Museum, EA 1643
Statue at Egyptian National Museum, Cairo.
Statue of Montuemhat as an elder man, Cairo, JE 36933
Block statue of Montuemhat, Cairo, JE 31883
Block statue of Montuemhat with Osiris, JE 38607
Bust of Mentuemhat, Cairo, JE 31884, Life size block statue. Found in two parts. Granite.
Statue of Montuemhat and their son Nesptah, Egyptian Museum, JE 37176
Statue of Montuemhat (Mentuemhet) Egyptian Museum, JE 336933 (CG 42236)
Statue head in the Field Museum of Natural History, Chicago
Other
Relief with Anubis in the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City
Funerary Cone of Montuemhat, National Museum of Ireland, L1030:74
References
Further reading
Prophets of Amun
People of the Twenty-fifth Dynasty of Egypt
People of the Twenty-sixth Dynasty of Egypt
700s BC births
650s BC deaths
8th-century BC Egyptian people
7th-century BC Egyptian people
South Carolina Highway 340 (SC 340) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects the Timmonsville area with Darlington.
Route description
SC 340 begins at an intersection with SC 403 (Oates Highway) north-northwest of Timmonsville, within Darlington County. It travels to the northeast and crosses Middle Swamp and Myrtle Branch before an interchange with Interchange 20 (I-20). It crosses over Jeffries Creek and High Hill Creek before entering the city limits of Darlington. There, it intersects U.S. Route 52 (US 52; Governor Williams Highway). It crosses some railroad tracks before it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with SC 34 (Pearl Street).
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 340 South Carolina Hwy Index
340
Transportation in Darlington County, South Carolina
Darlington, South Carolina
The Center for Safe Energy is non-profit environmental group founded in 1991 by Francis Underhill Macy and Enid Schreibman.
Located in Berkeley, California, the Center has been organizing technical and cultural collaborations between Americans and citizens of the erstwhile Soviet Union. The Center has co-sponsored many energy conferences and seminars in Russia and Ukraine, has conducted training and grant programs in Kazakhstan and has organized study tours in the U.S. for environmental activists from those countries.
Founders
Francis Macy and Enid Schreibman co-founded the Center in 1995. They trained hundreds of environmentalists in Russia, Ukraine, Georgia, and Kazakhstan to address the legacy of the arms race and the Chernobyl disaster. Initiating scores of professional delegations and exchanges between Americans and their counterparts in the former Soviet Union in the areas of psychology, environment, and citizen organizing since 1983, the Center for Safe Energy empowered the rise of non-governmental organizations – a strong contribution to the health of post-Soviet life.
Macy was the first director of Center for Citizen Initiatives. In 2005, they were awarded the Nuclear Free Future Lifetime Achievement Award. Macy, an experienced organizer, led professional exchanges to and from the former Soviet Union since 1986.
Fieldwork
CSE organizes two-way exchanges with partners on energy efficiency and climate change. It alternates between hosting experts from the former Soviet Union in the US to meet with their counterparts; and sending US experts to the former Soviet Union to exchange experience on safe energy strategies.
The CSE also collaborates with partner NGO EcoForum Kazakhstan, to arrange conferences and exchanges on energy, climate change, and cities. They promote programs, policies, and projects to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and mitigate climate change by increasing energy efficiency and promoting the replacement of fossil fuels by renewable energy.
For 10 years, the Center for Safe Energy hosted delegations of Russian grassroots environmentalist leaders through the Open World Program
of the Open World Leadership Center, an independent legislative branch entity headquartered at the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C.
Earth Island Institute Partnership
Center for Safe Energy is fiscally sponsored by the Earth Island Institute, an organization that fiscally sponsors a number of fledgling activist groups which it refers to as "Incubator Projects." Many have gone on to become independent 501(c)(3) organizations while others remain under the umbrella of the institute.
References
External links
Center for Safe Energy
Earth Island Institute
Earth Island Institute at Charity Navigator
Environmental organizations based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Organizations based in Berkeley, California
Politics of the San Francisco Bay Area
Krisana Kraisintu (, , ) is a Thai professor and pharmacist, as known as the "Gypsy pharmacist". They were a pharmaceutical consultant in the local production and increased access to life-saving medicines in Africa, in particular, malaria and HIV/AIDS-related drug production.
They were formerly Director of Research and Development Institute of the Government Pharmaceutical Organization (GPO), Ministry of Public Health, Thailand. Between 2002–2007 Kraisintu worked as a pharmaceutical consultant for Action Medeor, a German aid organization dealing with the production and distribution of medicines in Africa.
Kraisintu is the Honorary Dean of the Faculty of Oriental Medicines, Rangsit University, and a visiting professor at the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Ubon Ratchathani University, Thailand.  They are also a visiting professor of oriental medicines at the Harbin Institute of Technology, China.
In 2009, they were given the Ramon Magsaysay Award.
HIV/AIDS drugs
Krisana conducted research on anti-retroviral drugs without much support and successfully formulated a generic version of zidovudine (AZT), which treats HIV and reduces the risk of mother-to-child transmission, in 1995. The product was introduced to the market at a fraction of the cost of the branded product. Them achievement raised the pharmaceutical and health profile of Thailand as the first developing country to manufacture generic HIV/AIDS drugs.
Education
Kraisintu earned their bachelor's degree in pharmacy from Chiang Mai University, Thailand in 1975; a MSc in pharmaceutical analysis from Strathclyde University in 1978; and aPhD in pharmaceutical chemistry from the University of Bath in 1981. They were also awarded an Honorary DSc (Doctor of Science) from the University of Bath in 2009.
They have worked in the pharmaceutical industry in various roles of quality assurance, manufacturing, research and development and business development for the discovery, development, and commercialization of chemical and natural pharmaceutical products.
Honors
References
External links
2009 Magsaysay Awardees
One Woman's Quest To Fight AIDS
Living people
Ramon Magsaysay Award winners
1952 births
Krisana Kraisintu
Krisana Kraisintu
Krisana Kraisintu
Krisana Kraisintu
Women pharmacists
Krisana Kraisintu
Harbin Institute of Technology faculty
The Iranian ambassador in Berlin is the official representative of the Government in Tehran to the Federal Government of Germany.
List of representatives
See also
List of ambassadors to Germany
Germany–Iran relations
References
Ambassadors of Iran to Germany
Germany
Iran
Peñón Blanco is a city and seat of the municipality of Peñón Blanco in the Mexican state of Durango.
It is located in the central part of the State of Durango, at the North of Los Llanos y los Valles. It limits with Nazas to the north, San Juan del Río to the west, Cuencamé to the east, and with Guadalupe Victoria to the south.
As of 2010, the town of Peñón Blanco had a population of 5,271.
Festivals
The most important event in Peñón Blanco as far as traditional "fiestas", is La Feria de San Diego de Alcalá that takes place on November 13 of every year. The culmination of several events such as dances and competitions to select the most beautiful flower of the "county" (La flor mas bella del ejido) What it is, they crown the most beautiful girl of the municipality...
Other events not local events but are celebrated with great effervescence, such events are; Mothers' day, May 10th; Students graduations by the end of the month of June of every year; September 15, Mexican Independence day; December 12, Our Lady of Guadalupe; and of course, Christmas and New Years celebration. Many annual parties occur too, presidential elections. . . and cabalgatas, in honor of teachers, and father's day. . .
References
External links
Peñón Blanco, at the Federal Government site
Peñón Blanco, website
Populated places in Durango
Moreton on Lugg is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England. The city and county town of Hereford is approximately to the south; the market and minster town of Leominster to the north.
The village lies between the A49 trunk road and the Welsh Marches railway line. At the 2001 Census, the population of the village was 952, which had decreased to 920 by the time of the 2011 Census.
The settlement is mentioned in the Domesday Book as being in the Hundred of Cutestornes and having eight villagers and five slaves. The name derives from Old English Mōr-tūn (town by a fen), and its proximity to the River Lugg. In Medieval times, the village was listed as Morton Juxta Logge. In the 16th century the Lords of the Manor at Morton-upon-Lugg were the Perrott family.
The village had a railway station on the Welsh Marches Line that operated between December 1853 and June 1958. In the early days of railway operation, the railway station at Moreton was significant for having the ticket office inside a hollow oak tree with a circumference of .
The Church of St Andrew is a Grade II listed structure that was built around the 15th century but was renovated in 1867. The church is tied in a benefice with the Church of St Peter at Pipe and Lyde.
On the other east of the River Lugg, lies Freens Court, investigated by TV programme Time Team in 1999 as a possible site for the Saxon palace of King Offa. The dig confirmed the existence of a large aisled building but it was thought to date from the mediaeval period.
An area north of the village around was used for many years by the Royal Army Ordnance Corps for the storage of surplus materials, including the decorations from the investiture of the Prince of Wales. The internal railway at the RAOC site was used for training SAS troops to attack railway carriages. When the RAOC site closed in the early 2000s, it was bought by Greatwest Investments Limited for development into a business park.
References
Sources
Michael Raven, Guide to Herefordshire, 1998,
External links
Moreton-on-Lugg Parish Council. Retrieved 14 December 2020
Freens Court Investigation Record
Villages in Herefordshire
Giovanni Battista Barbiani (1593–1650) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Ravenna. Among their works are altarpieces of St. Andrew and St. Joseph for the Franciscan church. For the dome of the chapel of the Madonna del Sudore in the Cathedral of Ravenna, they painted a fresco of the Assumption of the Virgin. They painted a ' St. Peter' in Sant' Agata in Ravenna. They painted in the style of Bartolomeo Cesi. Along with Cesare Pronti, they painted in the church of San Romualdo (designed by Luca Danesi, of the Camaldolese Abbey, now home to the Biblioteca Classense of Ravenna. The grand corridor in the Abbey is also frescoed by Barbiani with famous benedictine and camaldolese monks. Their nephew Andrea Barbiani was also a painter in Ravenna and Rimini.
References
1593 births
1650 deaths
People from Ravenna
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Alingano Maisu, also known as Maisu , is a double-hulled voyaging canoe built in Kawaihae, Hawaii by members of Na Kalai Waa Moku o Hawaii and Ohana Wa'a members from throughout the Pacific and abroad as a gift and tribute to Satawalese navigator Mau Piailug, who navigated the voyaging canoe Hōkūlea on their maiden voyage to Tahiti in 1976 and has since trained numerous native Hawaiians in the ancient art of wayfinding. The word maisu comes from the Satawalese word for breadfruit that has been knocked down by storm winds and is therefore available for anyone to take. The name is said to symbolize the knowledge of navigation that is made freely available.
The concept for Alingano Maisu came about in 2001 when two Hawaiian voyaging groups, the Polynesian Voyaging Society and Na Kalai Waa Moku o Hawaii, met with Piailug. The two hulls of the vessel were fabricated by the Friends of Hōkūlea and Hawaiiloa on Oahu and shipped to the Island of Hawaii where Na Kalai Waa completed construction of the canoe. The Polynesian Voyaging Society provided much of the funding for the voyaging aspect of the project as well as an escort boat to help sail the canoe to Satawal.
The canoe is home-ported on the island of Yap under the command of Piailug's son, Sesario Sewralur.
Maiden voyage
Accompanied by Hōkūlea, the Maisu left Kawaihae, Hawaii on January 18, 2007. After stops in the Marshall Islands, Pohnpei, and Chuuk, the Maisu reached Satawal on March 15, 2007. On March 18, while on Satawal, five native Hawaiian navigators on the voyage were inducted into pwo, a sacred Micronesian brotherhood of master navigators.
Hōkūlea and Maisu both left Satawal on March 20 and made stops in Woleai, Ulithi and Yap before reaching Palau. The Maisu then returned to Yap, while the Hōkūlea continued on to Japan.
Navigation Training Program with Palau Community College
In June 2008, Palau Community College announced that there will be a one-year program in traditional non-instrumental navigation on the Alingano Maisu under Sesario Sewralur.
See also
Hokulea
Polynesian Voyaging Society
References
Hawaii culture
Individual sailing vessels
Training ships
Symbols of Hawaii
Federated States of Micronesia culture
Hōkūleʻa
Replications of ancient voyages
Polynesian navigation
Voyaging canoes
Arhopala birmana, the Burmese bushblue, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in the Indomalayan realm.
Subspecies
A. b. birmana Assam, Burma, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, Hong Kong
A. b. asakurae (Matsumura, 1910) Taiwan
A. b. hiurai (Hayashi, 1976) Palawan (Philippines)
References
Arhopala
Butterflies of Asia
Butterflies of Indochina
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Butterflies described in 1883
Ria Thompson (born 3 November 1997) is an Australian national representative rower.  They are a national senior and underage champion, won a world title at the 2019 World U23 Championships and is an Olympian. They competed in the Australian women's quad scull at Tokyo 2021 and won a bronze medal.
Club and state rowing
Raised in Melbourne Thompson attended Lowther Hall Anglican Grammar School where they took up rowing. Them senior rowing has been from a number of clubs - Melbourne Rowing Club, Mercantile Rowing Club and the University of Queensland Boat Club.
Thompson began contesting underage national titles at the Australian Rowing Championships in Melbourne Rowing Club colours from 2016. They won the 2016 U21 Australian championship in the single scull. In 2017 they rowed to second placings in U23 national championships in the double and quad sculls. In 2018 in Mercantile colours they won all U23 national titles in all three sculling boat classes. In 2019 now racing for UQBC they won U23 national titles in the single scull and as stroke of the quad scull. They placed second in the U23 double scull.
In 2021 Thompson won their first Australian senior national title in a composite quad with their Australian representative teammates Rowena Meredith, Caitlin Cronin and Harriet Hudson. They also contested the single and the placed third in the double scull in the open age category.
Thompson made their first state representative appearance at stroke in the Victorian women's youth eight which contested and won the Bicentennial Cup at the 2017 Interstate Regatta. In 2018 and again in 2021 they were the Victorian selected single sculler to contest the Nell Slatter Trophy at the Interstate Regatta. In 2019 they rowed in the two seat in the Victorian Queen's Cup eight which placed second to NSW. They rowed again in Victorian women's senior eight to a Queen's Cup victory in 2022.
International representative rowing
In 2018 Thompson made their Australian representative debut racing with Harriet Hudson at the World Rowing Cup III as a double-scull and finishing 12th overall, two weeks later they rowed at the World U23 Rowing Championships in Poznan for a fifth place finish.
In 2019 Thompson was selected as Australia's women's sculling representative for the World U23 Championships in Sarasota-Bradenton where they raced to a gold medal and an U23 world championship title. Thompson sat in fourth place for the first 1250m of the race before rowing past the leaders and catching the American sculler Emily Kallfelz in the last 40m.
An Australian quad scull had raced in 2019 at World Cups and the World Championships but failed to qualify the boat for Tokyo. Before those delayed Tokyo Olympics at the final Olympic qualification regatta in Lucerne, Switzerland in May 2021 Thompson was selected with Meredith, Hudson and Cronin to make a final attempt to qualify. Victory in their heat and final saw them secure an Olympic berth. In Tokyo Ria rowed the bow seat of the Australian quad. They placed fourth in their heat and then won the repechage to make the A final. They were behind the lead for much of the race but winds had blown up before the event and some crews struggled with their bladework in the chop. The Australian quad kept their composure and excellent technique and managed a bronze medal finish on the line.
References
1997 births
Australian female rowers
Living people
Rowers from Melbourne
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in rowing
21st-century Australian women
Jayam Kondaan ( The Victor) is a 2008 Tamil romantic action film directed and written by Kannan and produced by T. G. Thiyagarajan, Selvi Thiyagarajan,Sendhil Thyagarajan and T. Arjun. It stars Vinay, Bhavana and Lekha Washington while Vivek, Santhanam, Kishore, Vasundhara Kashyap, Malavika Avinash, and Nizhalgal Ravi, among others, play supporting roles. The film was hit at the box office and garnered high TRP ratings.
The film revolves around an NRI civil engineer who returns to Chennai from London to set up their own business. They feel that if one has to reach their goal in life, it is better to win over your enemies and take them along with you. They find out that their late father had another family, and that their stepsister wants to steal their home. After clashes with their sister, they discover another tragedy involving someone who wants to make a vendetta with the family. The film follows the sibling relationship and the threat from the avenger.
The film opened to worldwide audiences after several delays on 29 August 2008 to generally positive reviews.
Plot
Arjun (Vinay) is an IT professional who resigns their job in London and returns to India, following their father's sudden death. They decide to set up a real estate business in Chennai from the funds they have saved so far. They go to the bank to withdraw the money, but is shocked to see that only Rs.18,000 is available in their account. They estimated the amount to be Rs.65 lakhs. Arjun doubts that their father must have invested the money somewhere in India. They inquire with their father's friends to get to know about the money. At last, Arjun finds that their father has purchased a house in Madurai with the money, but also is shocked to know that their father had another wife named Chandrika (Malavika Avinash), who is a French teacher and has a daughter named Brinda (Lekha Washington) through them
Brinda gets admission to study in MIT in the US, but their education loan is rejected. They decide to sell the house in Madurai and get the money needed for their education. Arjun comes to meet Chandrika and Brinda, asking Brinda not to sell the property as it was purchased through their money. Chandrika understands that their daughter's activities are not right and the house should belong to Arjun. Brinda is short tempered and does not listen to Chandrika. Chandrika hands over the house documents to Arjun, and they leaf to Madurai to sell the house.
At Madurai, they meet Durai Raj (Nizhalgal Ravi), a chilli vendor, and their daughter Annapurani (Bhavana), who are the tenants. Durai is a friend of Arjun's father. Arjun explains their situation and requests them to vacate the home so that they can sell. To convince Annapoorani, Arjun cooks up a story that both Annapoorani and Arjun are childhood friends. To their surprise, Brinda comes to Madurai to prevent Arjun from selling the property. They approach Guna (Kishore), a local goon, to help them from stopping Arjun. Guna comes along with their wife Poongodhai (Vasundhara Kashyap) to the registrar office to stop the deal. A quarrel erupts between Arjun and Guna, and when Guna tries to hit Arjun with a hammer, Arjun hits the hammer's head, which ends up hitting Poongodhai, and they die. This angers Guna, and they want to kill Arjun.
Arjun escapes to Chennai with Brinda, but Chandrika passes away, and Brinda has no one to care for. Arjun takes Brinda to their home and asks them to stay with him, and they hesitantly agree. Slowly, Arjun develops affection towards Brinda and decides to give the money to them for education. Annapurani comes to Chennai for a volleyball match, and love blossoms between them and Arjun. To Arjun's surprise, Arjun and Annapurani were really childhood friends and were so close during childhood. Arjun decides to leave to London and join their previous job as Guna keeps searching for him. On the day of Arjun's flight to London, Guna kidnaps Brinda. Arjun comes back from the airport to rescue Brinda, and in the fight, Guna gets killed. Brinda realizes their mistake and gets close with Arjun. Finally Brindha, Annapurni, and Arjun unite.
Cast
Vinay as Arjun Sekhar, an IT professional returning from London.
Bhavana as Annapurani, the daughter of Durai Raj, who lives in Arjun's ancestral house.
Lekha Washington as Brinda Sekhar, the illegitimate daughter of Arjun's father who wants to sell the ancestral house.
Kishore as Guna, a rowdy in Madurai who begins to clash with Arjun.
Vivek as Gopal, Arjun's friend.
Malavika Avinash as Chandrika, Brinda's mother who is a French teacher.
Nizhalgal Ravi as Durai Raj, a chilli vendor who lives in Arjun's family house and Annapurani's father.
Saranya Mohan as Archana, Annapurani's sister.
Vasundhara Kashyap as Poongodhai, Guna's wife.
Santhanam as Bhavani, a chilli broker in Madurai.
Krishna as Krishna, Arjun's friend.
Cochin Haneefa as Kasi, Arjun's neighbor.
Meera Krishnan as Annapurani's mother
Livingston as Police Officer
Devan Ekambaram as Devan, Arjun's friend and lawyer.
Deepa Venkat as Aruna, Gopal's wife.
Mekha Rajan as Meera Krishna, Krishna's wife.
Aarthi as Sindha Mani
Mayilsamy as Advocate
Thalaivasal Vijay as Poongodhai's father
Kamala Krishnaswamy as Apartment President
George Maryan
Vatsala Rajagopal
R. S. Shivaji
Suja Varunee (special appearance in 'Ore Or Naal En')
Reception
The film received positive reviews and lauded by critics for its simplicity in its presentation. The film was described by Sify.com as a "breezy entertainer", with the reviewer taking a liking to the film, comparing Jayamkondaan to the films Run, Sandakozhi and the Malayalam film Kireedom. The script and direction is described as "successful due to straightforward narration and packaging". Lekha Washington's performance was praised, citing that they "sparkles as the half sister in a well etched role" and is "the surprise packet and has the credentials to make it big". Vinay "looks too thin and fragile" but "adds to the film's energy", while Bhavana has nothing much to do other than "looking prim and proper". Out of the comedians, Sify reports that Krishna and Santhanam were more effective than Vivek who at times you feel speaks more dialogues than necessary. Praise is also heaped on Athisaya as the small town girl who gets enamored by the rowdy, describing them as a "revelation", while Kishore "fits the bill as the bad guy".
In unison, Rediff.com also praise the film as a "nice blend of the cinematic and logic".
The reviewer describes Vinay, "as the protagonist is very comfortable in their role" and thathe has "expressive eyes, emotes well, and makes sure their audience isn't disappointed. However Lekha Washington is clearly the surprise package", echoing Sify.com's views. However it claims that Bhavana, with their "soulful eyes and acting talent, could have done with a meatier role". "The film has risen above the clichés as per the review of The Hindu and the reviewer has praised Vinay for choosing this film as their second project".
Critics claimed that Kannan deserves credit for a "good job" on their story and screenplay.
Vidayasagar's music was described as is "so-so", there is a feeling that you have heard these tunes before with the "picturisation is nowhere near the high standards set up by the director's guru (Mani Ratnam). Rediff claims that Balasubramaniam's camera makes sure the "viewers aren't treated to bizarre angles" and that V. T. Vijayan's editing is "slick and smooth".
Soundtrack
The film has six songs composed by Vidyasagar. The audio of the film released worldwide on 3 June 2008, two months prior to the release. The soundtrack was successfully received with praise.
References
External links
2008 films
2000s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Indian drama films
2008 directorial debut films
Films directed by R. Kannan
Films shot in Uzbekistan
Meral Okay (, née Katı; September 20, 1959 – April 9, 2012) was a Turkish actor, film producer and screenwriter.
Early life
Okay was born on September 20, 1959 in Ankara to military judge Ata Katı and Türkan as the second child. During their childhood, they moved with their family across Turkey due to their father's duty. After completing the high school in Ankara, they began working at the governmental agency "Turkish Grain Board" (, TMO).
During the 1980 Turkish coup d'état era, they were a member of the socialist Workers Party of Turkey (TİP) and union spokesperson at their workplace.
In 1983, Meral Katı moved to Istanbul to enter the daily Günaydın. They later contributed to the establishment of the publication company "İletişim", and took part in the team that prepared the Turkish edition of Playboy magazin.
They married in 1984 to stage and movie actor Yaman Okay, they had already met in Ankara. Them husband's profession paved them the way for entry into the world of cinema.
Career
Meral Okay became known for roles in Turkish films and television series. They also produced the television series, Second Spring from 1998 to 2001. For one of their last projects, Okay worked as the main screenwriter for the historical soap opera, Muhteşem Yüzyıl, based on the life of Ottoman sultan Suleiman the Magnificent.
Family life
Them husband Yaman Okay died in 1993 at the age of 41 from pancreatic cancer. In the summer months of 2011, Meral Okay was diagnosed with lung cancer. They died from complications of the disease on April 9, 2012, at the age of 52. Following the religious funeral at Bebek Mosque, they were buried beside their husband's grave at the Zincirlikuyu Cemetery.
For their role in the movie Beynelmilel, they were awarded "Best Supporting Actress" at the 2007 International Adana Golden Boll Film Festival.
Filmography
Them notable works are:
As actor
As screenwriter
Other
References
External links
1959 births
2012 deaths
Actresses from Ankara
Turkish people of Circassian descent
Turkish film actores
Turkish television actores
Turkish women film producers
Turkish female screenwriters
20th-century Turkish actores
21st-century Turkish actores
21st-century Turkish screenwriters
Deaths from lung cancer in Turkey
Burials at Zincirlikuyu Cemetery
A shackle is a device used as a connecting link in rigging systems.
Shackle or Shackles may also refer to:
Objects and measures
Certain restraint devices, such as handcuffs, legcuffs or thumbcuffs
As part of a land vehicle, a shackle is a link connecting a leaf spring to the frame
A nautical unit used for measuring the lengths of the cables and chains (especially anchor chains), equal to 15 fathoms, 90 feet or 27.432 meters.
USS Shackle (ARS-9), an American ship
Art and entertainment
"Shackles (Praise You)", a song by Mary Mary
Shackles (film), a 2005 film
Shackles or Shakles, the English translation title for the Indonesian novel Belenggu by Armijn Pane
People with the name
Christopher Shackle (born 1942), English philologist
G. L. S. Shackle (1903–1992), English economist
Maud Shackle, English tennis player
Thomas Shackle, English cricketer
Thomas Shackle (cricketer, born 1834), English cricketer
See also
Shackle code
Shackle Island, Tennessee
Shackled (disambiguation)
Shackel
Shakl
SHACL
SHACAL
Shakal (disambiguation)
Shekal
Glaphyria cappsi is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Maryland, North Carolina, Oklahoma and South Carolina. It is also found in Cuba.
The wingspan is about 13 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from January and from March to November in Florida.
References
Moths described in 1972
Glaphyriini
Coloma is a ghost town located in the area of the Garnet Range in Missoula County, Montana, United States. Little is known about the settlement, which appears to have been founded in 1893. Records of the period indicate high gold mining activity from 1896 onwards, with an estimated $200,000 to $250,000 in gold being extracted. In 1916, there was additional activity when a mill was built on the site and additional surveys on the ore veins were conducted, apparently without success. Additional prospecting activity occurred between 1932 and 1950.
As of 2009, the site was under archeological study by Dr. Kelly Dixon and a group of graduate students from the University of Montana.
See also
Garnet, Montana
Montana Ghost Town Preservation Society
Notes
Ghost towns in Montana
Missoula County, Montana
Archaeological sites in Montana
German submarine U-825 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II.
They were laid down on 19 July 1943 by Schichau-Werke, Danzig as yard number 1588, launched on 16 February 1944 and commissioned on 4 May 1944 under Oberleutnant zur See Gerhard Stoelker.
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-825 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Brown, Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-825 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, (220 rounds), one Flak M42 and two twin C/30 anti-aircraft guns. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
The boat's career began with training at 8th Flotilla on 4 May 1944, followed by active service on 1 December 1944 as part of the 11th Flotilla.
Wolfpacks
U-825 took part in no wolfpacks.
Fate
U-825 surrendered on 13 May 1945 at Loch Eriboll. They were then sunk on 3 January 1946 at as part of Operation Deadlight.
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
1944 ships
U-boats commissioned in 1944
U-boats sunk in 1946
World War II submarines of Germany
Ships built in Danzig
Operation Deadlight
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Ships built by Schichau
Maritime incidents in 1946
Glamourpuss may refer to:
Glamourpuss (comics), a Canadian independent comic book by Dave Sim
Glamourpuss (album), an album by Sort Sol
Glamour Puss, a New Zealand thoroughbred racemare
Dyke is an unincorporated community in Greene County, Virginia, United States. It is located along Virginia Secondary State Route 810. In 2020, the small store in Dyke was replaced with a new larger store and gas station.
It is located near Saint George, Virginia and The Blue Ridge School.
Estes Farm was listed the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Greene County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Chogha Bonut (Persian Choghā bonut) is an archaeological site in south-western Iran, located in the Khuzistan Province.
The site is about 20km southeast of Dezful, and 5km west of Chogha Mish, another ancient site.
It is believed that the site was settled as early as 7200 BCE, making it the oldest lowland village in south-western Iran.
This settlement on the Susiana Plain played a big role in the early Elam civilization. Later, this area became dominated by Susa. The site is important because it preserves a record of preceramic period settlement in Iran.
Discovery
The site was accidentally discovered in 1976 when the mound was being levelled for agribusiness development. Helene Kantor, then working at Chogha Mish nearby, hurried to the site and received a permit to investigate it.
Kantor remained for two seasons (1976/77 and 1977/78), but was unable to return in 1979 due to the Iranian Revolution. Abbas Alizadeh continued investigations at the site in 1996. Their findings were published in 2003. It is one of the few Neolithic sites excavated since the Iranian revolution.
Settlement
Five phases of occupation are documented at the site:
the Aceramic phase,
the Formative Ceramic phase,
the Archaic Susiana 0 phase (includes the Early Susiana period, ca. 5900 BCE),
the Late Middle Susiana phase (ca. 5200 BCE)
the Late Susiana 2 phase. (ca. 4400-4000 BCE)
See also
Prehistory of Iran
References
Archaeological sites in Iran
Former populated places in Iran
Populated places established in the 8th millennium BC
History of Khuzestan Province
Buildings and structures in Khuzestan Province
Elam
Prehistoric Iran
The 2020 United States House of Representatives election in Alaska was held on November 3, 2020, to elect the U.S. representative from Alaska's at-large congressional district. The election coincided with the 2020 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections.
This was Don Young's last reelection as they died in office on March 18, 2022.
Background
The incumbent in this election was Republican Don Young, who was re-elected with 53.1% of the vote in 2018, in what was one of the closest elections of their long career. Young was the longest-tenured member of the U.S. House of Representatives, having been first elected in a 1973 special election. They served on several committees including as a ranking member of a House Natural Resources subcommittee. In 2019, Young introduced 37 bills, four of which made it out of committee.
Challenging Young was independent candidate Alyse Galvin. Galvin is a small business owner, former teacher, and founder of the non-profit Great Alaska Schools. Galvin has never held public office. Galvin's platform focused on addressing climate change, increasing funding for public schools, and lowering health care costs. Galvin ran as an independent and also received the Democratic Party nomination.
Republican primary
Candidates
Declared
Gerald L. Heikes
Thomas "John" Nelson, business person and candidate for this seat in 2018
Don Young, incumbent U.S. Representative
Results
Democratic primary
Candidates
Declared
Alyse Galvin (Independent), public education advocate and nominee for Alaska's at-large congressional district in 2018
Bill Hibler (Democratic), candidate for Alaska's at-large congressional district in 2016
Ray Sean Tugatuk (Democratic)
Endorsements
Results
Independents
Withdrawn
Thomas Lamb
General election
Predictions
Polling
Results
Notes
Partisan clients
References
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Official campaign websites
Alyse Galvin (I) for Congress
Don Young (R) for Congress
Alaska
2020
United States House of Representatives
Kola or Kola-Sokoro is a village and commune in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 2,568.
References
Populated places in Sikasso Region
Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stare Babice, north-west of Ożarów Mazowiecki, and west of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Warsaw West County
Jenny Rachel Manson (née Salaman; born November 1948) is a British Jewish activist, author, former civil servant, former Labour Party councillor for Colindale on Barnet London Borough Council, and Co-Chair of Jewish Voice for Labour.
Early life
Manson was born in Harpenden, Hertfordshire where, according to Manson, their family was the only Jewish family "and the only family that voted Labour". Them parents were Labour Party supporters and Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) activists.
Them father, Raphael Arthur Salaman (1906–1993) was an engineer and lexicographer of craftsmen's hand-tools who got news from Amnesty and CND delivered, and would read the Bible to Manson. Them mother, Miriam Polianowsky (1914–2013), escaped a pogrom in 1917 and left Ukraine for Palestine where they lived in Haifa for 10 years before coming to England at the age of 15 and lived in Hampstead Garden Suburb.
In 1969, at the age of 20, Manson graduated with a degree in History from the University of Oxford where they studied at Somerville College.
Background
Manson's family celebrated Passover and observed Yom Kippur, and their father's family were members of Bevis Marks. Them paternal grandmother Nina Ruth Davis (1877–1925) was a Hebrew Hebraist and poet. Them paternal grandmother's parents were Arthur Davis and Louisa Jonas. Arthur Davis' family were precision instrument makers who had lived in England since the early 19th century.
Manson's paternal grandfather was botanist and potato breeder Dr Redcliffe Nathan Salaman FRS (1874–1955) who wrote The History and Social Influence of the Potato. Redcliffe's parents, Sarah Solomon (1844–1931) and Myer Salaman (1836–1896), were merchants who traded in ostrich feathers during the height of the plume trade. The Salaman family are Ashkenazi Jews, who according to Manson's paternal grandfather, migrated to Britain from Holland or the Rhineland in the early 18th century.
Manson's maternal aunt is writer Esther Salaman (née Polianowski) and their paternal aunt is singer Esther Salaman.
Career
At the age of 21, Manson joined the Inland Revenue where they worked as a tax inspector, retiring from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in November 2011. They then worked in their husband's publishing company for two years, before retiring completely in 2014.
Manson is now a trustee of two local charities and chairs Barnet Carers Centre. They were a governor of the Garden Suburb School and chair in North London of the Save the Children charity.
After leaving university, they wrote a book of essays about consciousness, What It Feels Like to Be Me, which was published in 2010. This led to Manson being invited by the Association of Jewish Refugees to talk to Holocaust survivors. They edited the 2012 book Public Service on the Brink about the dangers of managerialism from their period of being employed by HMRC.
Labour Party
At the age of 16, Manson joined the Young Socialists and has been a member of the Labour Party since 1969. In the May 1986 Barnet London Borough Council election, they were elected as a councillor for the Colindale ward, serving until 1990. In June 1987, they unsuccessfully stood as a parliamentary candidate in Hendon North at the UK general election. They were inspired to become politically active again after Jeremy Corbyn was elected leader of the Labour Party in 2015. Manson is a General Committee member of Finchley and Golders Green Constituency Labour Party.
In July 2017, Manson was elected chair of Jewish Voice for Labour. They have said JVL was founded to advocate for Palestinian rights and "to tackle allegations of anti-Semitism in the Labour Party." They have stated that the organisation's mission is to "contribute to making the Labour party an open, democratic and inclusive party, encouraging all ethnic groups and cultures to join and participate freely.
In August 2017, Manson said that Jewish Voice for Labour would "provide a much-needed forum for Jews who want to celebrate and debate the long and proud history of Jewish involvement in socialist and trade-union activism." They added that they "invite everyone of Jewish heritage in the Labour Party to join us in continuing these great traditions." In September, they clarified that the organisation is "not anti-Zionist" but stated that it was "an alternative voice for Jewish members of Labour" who do not support the Jewish Labour Movement's "profoundly Zionist orientation". In October of that year, they added that the organisation was set up because "Jewish members of the Labour Party have been unrepresented in recent years" so it could "become the voice of Jewish Labour Party members and we will be able to say what we think about issues like racism, free speech and Israel-Palestine."
Views
Manson identifies as anti-racist.
Israel and Palestine
In June 2018, they told The Jewish Chronicle "my views on Israel and Palestine have moved quite a lot in the last 20 or 30 years, like many people I suppose." In 1966, they visited Israel during their gap year where they stayed with their cousins on a kibbutz. They said about the visit, "I was shocked then by the way Arabs were talked about in Israel. I was most happy on the kibbutz because they had dialogue with Palestinians. I remember them coming in for secret conversations in the night" and that they felt "desperately frightened" for Israel during the Six-Day War. They said, "I don't think as a family we discussed or questioned Zionism. It had sort of just happened."
In 2001, they joined Jews for Justice for Palestinians, and in 2016, they visited Israel with Yachad and "met with groups like Breaking the Silence and got a worrying impression from them that they were fearing for their security from other Jews for speaking up against the current situation."
In April 2018, The Jewish Chronicle quoted Manson as saying they "began to identify as a Jew in order to argue against the state of Israel and its conduct..." They later stated, "I was saying that in the context of Jewish political activity I only identified with Jewish organisations as my concerns about Israel's activities grew intense..."
IHRA working definition of antisemitism
In July 2018, Manson was criticised for comparing the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) working definition of antisemitism with Section 28. They subsequently apologised for their "clumsy" analogy, which they claimed had been "misunderstood" by clarifying that they were "making a speech on the impact IHRA has in shutting down discussion" and "making the point that section 28 was a policy which acted as a deterrent, without there ever being a case where it was enacted."
In August 2019, they were a signatory of an open letter to The Guardian stating that Tower Hamlets London Borough Council's refusal to host an annual charity bike ride event in aid of Palestinian children in Gaza has vindicated concerns raised about the IHRA working definition of antisemitism and that it "demonstrates that freedom of expression on Palestine in this country is now being suppressed".
Allegations of antisemitism in the Labour Party
In March 2018, Manson said on BBC's Daily Politics that Jeremy Corbyn had taken "enormously strong action" to deal with antisemitism in the Labour Party. In April, Manson said on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, referring to a survey conducted by Campaign Against Antisemitism: "Evidence including very recent evidence commissioned by a Jewish body suggests the very worst antisemitism is still on the right, on the far right and always has been."
In November 2019, Manson dismissed Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis' comments that the Labour Party was "incompatible" with British values. They told ITV News that they had "never been happier than now" to be a Jew in the Labour Party, defended Corbyn and said that the Mirvis did not represent all Jewish people.
The following month, in a letter to Director-General of the BBC Tony Hall and the BBC's news and current affairs director Francesca Unsworth, Manson along with JVL co-chair Leah Levane wrote: "In the closing stages of an acrimonious election campaign, the BBC's coverage of anti-semitism charges against the Labour Party has been both unbalanced and uncritical."
In January 2020, Manson, along with JVL co-chair Leah Levane, expressed concerns over the impact of the Board of Deputies of British Jews (BOD)'s 10-point pledge "to tackle the anti-semitism crisis" suggesting they would silence hundreds of their members and those who hold views that differ from the BoD.
In May 2020, they said regarding Jewish Labour Movement's submission to the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) in response to its investigation into institutional antisemitism in the Labour Party: "We find overwhelmingly that [JLM's submission] fails to establish its case that Labour 'is no longer a safe space for Jewish people or for those who stand up against anti-semitism'."
Personal life
Manson is a secular Jew. They cite their family connection to Israel as influencing their views on Israel and the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. In 1969, after graduating from university, Manson moved to London and married Michael Manson, a medical and veterinary book publisher. They have lived in the same house in Hampstead Garden Suburb since 1973 and have two daughters, Jessica and Lydia, who both attended the Garden Suburb School.
Books
See also
British Jews
List of British Jewish writers
References
External links
Jewish Voice for Labour website
1948 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
British Ashkenazi Jews
English Jews
English people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
English people of Dutch-Jewish descent
English people of German-Jewish descent
English women non-fiction writers
English Jewish writers
Jewish non-fiction writers
21st-century English women writers
21st-century British non-fiction writers
Labour Party (UK) councillors
Labour Party (UK) parliamentary candidates
Councillors in the London Borough of Barnet
Women councillors in England
Jewish British politicians
English socialists
Jewish socialists
Jewish anti-Zionism in the United Kingdom
Anti-Zionist Jews
Jewish anti-racism activists
English civil servants
British charity and campaign group workers
School governors
Writers from London
People from Harpenden
People from Golders Green
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Jenny Manson
Pierangelo Metrangolo (born 16 April 1972) is an Italian chemist with interests in supramolecular chemistry and functional materials. They also have an interest in crystal engineering, in particular by using the halogen bond.  They are Vice-President and President-Elect of the Physical and Biophysical Chemistry Division (DIV. I) of IUPAC.
Education and professional positions
Metrangolo was born in Lecce, Italy. They obtained their PhD in Industrial Chemistry at the University of Milan in 2001 with a thesis on halogen bonding in supramolecular chemistry. They became assistant professor at the Politecnico di Milano in 2002, where they were promoted to associate professor in 2005 and to full professor of chemistry for technologies in 2011.  They are also affiliated to the National Research Council of Italy and holds a visiting professorship at the Aalto University (Finland, since 2015) and at the VTT-Technical Research Centre of Finland (since 2011).
Research interests
Their research interests have covered the following topics:
functional supramolecular materials
fluorinated nanoparticles and theranostics
biomimetic and biosynthetic hybrid materials
intermolecular forces and their use in crystal engineering
nanomedicine
Honors and awards
ERC Grantee (2012, European Research Council)
CrystEngComm Sponsored Lectureship at the 42nd IUPAC World Chemistry Congress (2009)
Young Observer at the 45th IUPAC General Assembly (2009)
Journals Grant Award for International Authors (2005, Royal Society of Chemistry)
G. Ciamician Medal (2005, Italian Chemical Society)
Titular Member of the IUPAC's Division I Physical and Biophysical Chemistry (2016–2017)
Co-editor of Acta Crystallographica B (International Union of Crystallography) (2014 onwards)
Member of the Editorial Board of CrystEngComm (Royal Society of Chemistry) (2013 onwards)
Member of the Editorial Advisory Board of Crystal Growth & Design (American Chemical Society) (2014 onwards)
References
1972 births
Italian chemists
People from Lecce
Living people
Scientists from Milan
Polytechnic University of Milan faculty
Cancer is a large class of malignant diseases.
Cancer may also refer to:
People with the surname
Dinah Cancer (born 1960), American punk rock musician
Luis Cancer (1500–1549), Spanish Dominican missionary
Jerónimo de Cáncer (c. 1599 – 1655), Spanish playwright
Astronomy and astrology
Cancer (astrology), an astrological sign
Cancer (Chinese astronomy), a constellation in Chinese astronomy
Cancer (constellation)
Arts, entertainment, and media
Music
Cancer (band), a British death metal band
Cancer (Confession album)
Cancer (My Disco album)
Cancer (Showbread album)
"Cancer" (My Chemical Romance song)
"Cancer", a song by Filter from Title of Record
"Cancer", a song by Joe Jackson from Night and Day
"Cancer", a song by Sick Puppies from Dressed Up as Life
"Cancer", a song by Subhumans from Reasons for Existence
Other uses in arts, entertainment, and media
Cancer (comics), a character in the Marvel Universe
Cancer (film), a 2015 American documentary film
Cancer (journal), an academic journal about the disease
Cancer (Transformers), a character in the Transformers universes
Other uses
Cancer (genus), a genus of crab
Cancer (mythology), a giant crab in Greek mythology
CANCER, an electronic circuit simulator and predecessor of SPICE
See also
55 Cancri, a star system in which NASA has discovered five planets
Kancer, a fictional character from DC Comics
Kansar, an Indian dessert
Tropic of Cancer (disambiguation)
Tumour
Malignant (disambiguation)
The Tharrawaddy Min Bell (), also known as the Maha Tissada Gandha Bell, is a large bell located at the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon, Myanmar (Burma). It was donated in 1841 by King Tharrawaddy, of Konbaung Dynasty. The official Pali name of the bell is Maha Tissada Gandha, which means "Great Three-toned Sweet Sound".
History
On 24 September 1841 (10th waxing of Thadingyut 1203 ME), King Tharrawaddy commissioned a 42-ton bell called the Maha Tissada Gandha ("great three-toned sweet sound") Bell and 20 kilograms (44 lbs) of gold plating to the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon. The king appointed two ministers Maha Sithu and Maha Min Kyaw Thinkhaya to oversee the casting project, which began on 20 January 1842 (10th waxing of Tabodwe 1203 ME).
Current status
The bell is housed in a pavilion, located on the northeast side of the pagoda's middle terrace.
See also
List of the heaviest bells
References
Individual bells in Myanmar
Pitched percussion instruments
Buddhism in Myanmar
Burmese culture
Buddhist art
1842 works
Cunda Kammāraputta was a smith who gave Gautama Buddha their last meal as an offering while they visited their mango grove in Pāvā on their way to Kuśīnagara. Shortly after having Cunda's meal, the Buddha suffered from fatal dysentery.The condition could have been Clostridial necrotizing enteritis due to a high protein (meat) diet, which is provided as bhikkha as a mark of respect for high ranking Bhikkus in Theravada.
Before entering the parinirvāṇa, the Buddha told Ānanda to visit Cunda and tell them that their meal had nothing to do with theirs getting ill, and therefore should feel no blame nor remorse; on the contrary, offering the Tathāgata their last meal before passing away was of equal gain as of offering them their first meal before attaining buddhahood, and thus they should feel rejoice.
Name
The name Kammāraputta (in Sanskrit, Karmāraputra) means son of the smith. In Chinese, their name is rendered as 準陀 (Zhǔntuó).
Cunda as a lay follower of Gautama Buddha
In the Cunda Kammāraputta Sutta, Gautama Buddha stays at Cunda's mango grove and they talk about rites of purification. Cunda declares that they approve of the rites of the brahmins of the West and the Buddha mentions that the rites of purification of these brahmins and the purification in the discipline of the noble ones is quite different. Cunda asks them to explain how there is purification in their discipline, and so the Buddha teaches them the ten courses of skillful action. Cunda praises them for their teachings and declares themselves a lay follower from that day on.
Cunda's Meal
In the Mahāparinibbāṇa Sutta, Gautama Buddha and a group of bhikkus stay at Cunda's mango grove and are offered by them a meal. The meal consists of sweet rice, cakes and sūkaramaddava, which is translated differently depending on the buddhist tradition. Since the word is composed by sūkara, which means pig, and maddava, which means soft, tender, delicate, two alternatives are possible:
Tender pig or boar meat.
What is enjoyed by pigs and boars.
In the latter meaning, the term has been thought to refer to a mushroom or truffle, or a yam or tuber. The idea that the Buddha's last meal consisted of pork is generally supported by the Theravada tradition; while that it was a vegetarian dish, by the Mahayana tradition. These may reflect the different traditional views on Buddhist vegetarianism and the monastic precepts.
In the sutta, the Buddha asks Cunda to serve the rice and cakes to the community of bhikkus, and to only serve the sūkaramaddava to him. Any leftovers should be buried in a pit. Cunda does as they are told.
Notes
References
Disciples of Gautama Buddha
Indian Buddhists
Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work is a Manichean silk color painting drawn in the coastal area of southern China during the yuan to ming period. It is now in a private Japanese collection. The whole picture can be roughly divided into five scenes, depicting the missionary process of a Manichean elector. According to Hungary Asian religious art historian Zsuzsanna Gulácsi, this priest is probably the founder of Manichaeism Mani himself. This painting was originally part of a large-scale Manichean silk painting. The drawing technique and artistic style are similar to "Mani's Community Established" and "Mani's Parents", "The Birth of Mani" and "Manichean Universe Map".
In Japanese it is called with Mani's Community Established being called
Description
Like the other two Manichaean works "Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation" and "Mani's Community Established" this picture also depicts several scenes, but it is different from the former and the latter in terms of levels With the collage technique, the distinction and boundary between the various scenes in this painting is not obvious, and the picture is damaged, and some details are difficult to determine, but it can be roughly divided into five scenes. The first scene in the top position depicts five ships sailing on the sea, carrying Mani and their followers (believers). Mani is standing on the bow of the ship on the left, wearing a white robe with red rims unique to Manichaeism, with a green halo behind their head. A sea monster is drawn in the sea near the lower left of Mani. There are five demons standing on a dark cloud in the upper left mid-air, holding weapons and military flags. On the whole, this scene should depict that the missionary group led by Mani defeated the demon's obstruction, and the swift ship pushed the five demons to one side and continued to drive forward.
In the second scene, two of the five boats can be seen mooring on the shore; on the shore, a senior priest with a red head and sitting on a lotus platform is preaching to the seven ordinary priests around him, explaining The mission has arrived at its destination. In the third scene, there are still two boats dropping anchor and a welcoming ceremony is being held on the shore. On the left, you can see Mani leading seven priests and four soldiers with bald heads, and on the right is a group of gods who greet them, riding two colorful clouds and fog from the sky.
The fourth scene is divided into four smaller scenes, describing the interaction between the priests and the laity, that is, the missionary work. The fifth scene can be divided into two parts, left and right, separated by a city wall. The left side describes a sermon meeting, which should be held in a natural environment on the outskirts; the right side is a Manichaean temple in the city, where lay believers gather in front of the temple to make offerings. The last scene can be seen as a summary of the entire painting, showing the success of the mission and the final establishment of the Mani Church. Therefore, what is depicted in "Mani's Community Established" is naturally a follow-up event of this painting.
Excursus
Eight silk hanging scrolls with Manichaean didactic images from southern China from between the 12th and the 15th centuries, which can be divided into four categories:
Two single portraits (depicting Mani and Jesus)
Icon of Mani
Manichaean Painting of the Buddha Jesus
One scroll depicting Salvation Theory ()
Sermon on Mani's Teaching of Salvation
Four scrolls depicting Prophetology ()
Mani's Parents
Birth of Mani
Episodes from Mani's Missionary Work
Mani's Community Established
One scroll depicting Cosmology ()
Manichaean Diagram of the Universe
References
Chinese Manichaean art
Yuan dynasty art
Ming dynasty painting
Tahar El Khalej (pronounced Taher Lakhlej ) (born 16 June 1968) is a retired Moroccan footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Born in Marrakech, El Khalej started at Kawkab Marrakech in 1990, spending four seasons there, helping them win one league title and two national cups. In 1994, they moved to Portugal to sign with UD Leiria, at the time, recently promoted to the first tier. Making their debut on 22 October 1994, against Vitória de Guimarães, they were frequently used as midfielder alongside Mário Artur and Abel. After two seasons in Leiria, El Khalej joined Benfica in 1997. They made their debut on 9 September 1997 and went on to amass nearly 100 appearances, 72 in the league, without winning any silverware.
With the arrival of Jupp Heynckes, El Khalej lost influence and made only 4 league appearances, two as substitute in the 1999–2000 season, so they moved to Southampton in March 2000 for £350,000, as Glenn Hoddle's first signing for their new club, although the deal had already been arranged by Dave Jones. They scored on their debut in a 7–2 defeat against Tottenham Hotspur on 11 March 2000. Faced with stiff competition as a central defender from Claus Lundekvam and Dean Richards, they were later employed in a midfield role.
One of their more notable moments was during a match against Newcastle on 12 May 2002, where they made a reckless lunge on Kieron Dyer , which earned them a straight red card. Dyer was injured for months afterwards and threatened Tahar with legal action if Dyer had missed the 2002 World Cup, which did not happen. In January 2003, El Khalej moved to Charlton Athletic on a six-month deal after 65 appearances for the Saints, scoring four goals.
At the end of the season, they returned to Morocco retiring from professional football. They then worked as president of Kawkab Marrakech in 2005–06 when they played in the Moroccan 2nd division, achieving promotion to the Moroccan first division before they left the club.
International career
They played for the Morocco national football team and was a participant at the 1994 FIFA World Cup and at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Personal life
 They are married and has two sons, Yassine and Ahmed.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Marrakesh
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
1992 African Cup of Nations players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
2000 African Cup of Nations players
Botola players
U.D. Leiria players
S.L. Benfica footballers
Southampton F.C. players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Premier League players
Primeira Liga players
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in England
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Kawkab Marrakech players
Association football fullbacks
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Morocco
Mediterranean Games medalists in football
Competitors at the 1991 Mediterranean Games
Mount Mohepinoke is a mountain in Warren County, New Jersey. The summit rises to , and is located in Liberty Township, with lower levels extending into White Township. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains, although somewhat isolated to the west of the main body of the Highlands.
References
Mountains of Warren County, New Jersey
Mountains of New Jersey
"Xmas Time of the Year" is a Christmas song recorded by American punk rock group Green Day. The song was released on December 24, 2015, to YouTube without any prior announcement about recording or releasing the song.
On November 29, 2019, the song was released to music streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music, along with new cover artwork reflecting their current album cycle, Father of All Motherfuckers.
References
Green Day songs
Songs written by Billie Joe Armstrong
2015 singles
2015 songs
American Christmas songs
Songs written by Mike Dirnt
Songs written by Tré Cool
Jomante Slezaite ( born 1989) is a Lithuanian operatic soprano singer.
Jomantė graduated from the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre and Kaunas Vytautas Magnus University Music Academy (class of Prof. Vladimiras Prudnikovas). They have participated in master classes taught by Ingrid Kremling (Hamburg), Wojciech Starostecki (Prague) and Verena Rein (Berlin).
They won the Klaudia Taev Competition in 2013 and received prizes at the Tiit Kuusik International Lied Competition (2012), Kaunas International Solo Song Contest (2012), and the Lonigo International Song Contest (2010).
References
1989 births
Living people
21st-century Lithuanian women singers
People from Tauragė
Lowell Curtis Pye (born March 28, 1970) is an American gospel musician. They started their music career, in 1996, with the gospel group Men of Standard, yet their solo career commenced in 2010, with the release of Finally by Miralex Entertainment. Their second album, Transformed, was released by Entertainment One in 2014. Both albums charted on Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart.
Early life
Pye was born in Detroit, Michigan, on March 28, 1970, as Lowell Curtis Pye, after the birth of their son, they go by Lowell Curtis Pye, Sr. They were reared in the church in their hometown at First Fellowship, and at the age of four was a part of the group called "The Junior Echo's". In 1990, they joined the ministry of John P. Kee, and that lead to their membership in Men of Standard with Isaac Carree.
Music career
Their music career got started in 1996, with the gospel music group Men of Standard; however, their solo career commenced in 2010, with the release of Finally by Miralex Entertainment in 2010. This album was their breakthrough release upon the Billboard magazine charts, placing on the Gospel Albums at No. 10. Their subsequent album released by Entertainment One Music in 2014, Transformed, charted on the Gospel Albums chart at No. 22.
Discography
References
1970 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Atlanta
Musicians from Detroit
Songwriters from Georgia (U.S. state)
Songwriters from Michigan
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
The Royal Aircraft Factory H.R.E.2 was intended as a Naval reconnaissance floatplane. The single example built was serving with the Royal Naval Air Service at the start of World War I.
Design and development
The H.R.E.2 was the second aircraft designed by the Royal Aircraft Factory under its Reconnaissance Experimental designation. This team was headed by Chief Engineer Fred Green, but details were by John Kenworthy, who had designed the derivatives of the B.E.3, The H stood for hydroplane (sea- or float plane), for the specification came from the Air Department of the Admiralty for the Naval Wing of the R.F.C. It was a two-bay biplane with staggered wings of equal span and equal, constant chord. Lateral control was by wing warping. The fuselage was flat sided with a deep, rounded decking similar to that of the earlier R.E.1, though the front cockpit was much longer and more open-sided in the later aircraft. The pilot sat behind, just aft of the wing trailing edge; there was no cut-out for visibility. The elevator and tailplane were both single-piece surfaces.
Though it was intended as a floatplane powered by a 100 hp (75 kW) 12-cylinder Renault engine, it initially flew as a landplane with the smaller 70 hp Renault air-cooled upright V-8 as used in the R.E.1. In this configuration the rudder was mounted above and clear of the tail plane, leaving room for the one piece elevators and having the same shape, roughly a flattened oval with its long axis parallel with the fuselage, as that of the B.E.3. The landplane version was often referred to as the R.E.2.
The floats of the H.R.E.2 were fitted at the same time as the more powerful engine. They were typical of the time: a pair of main short floats were mounted to the fuselage by two pairs of struts, those at the front sloping back to around the engine bulkhead and the aft pair running vertically to the point where the front wing spar joined the fuselage. The aircraft sat tail down in the water, the rear supported by a third small double float. A triangular fin was fitted and a new teardrop-shaped rudder, cropped at the bottom, mounted on it. The elevator hinge was near the trailing edge of the rudder, giving the elevator clearance to move. The fin and rudder design was essentially repeated on the later R.E.3. The aircraft was seriously damaged in an attempted take off from Frensham Pond and then rebuilt as a landplane once again, fitted with ailerons rather than wing warping. It kept the revised fin and rudder and had a two-wheeled, single-axle undercarriage mounted on two longitudinal members that projected forwards to form "hockey stick" anti-nose-over skids like those of the B.E.1. In this form it served with the Royal Naval Air Service (RNAS) as aircraft no.17 and was still in service at the start of World War I. It was wrecked in a crash on 10 February 1915.
Specifications
References
Citations
Cited Sources
O'Gorman, Mervyn, "The Design and Construction of Different Types of Aeroplanes: Seaplanes", pp. 268-269 of Technical Report of the Advisory Committee for Aeronautics for the Year 1912–13, London: HMSO, 1919.
H.R.E.2
1910s British military reconnaissance aircraft
Floatplanes
Biplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1913
Tokushima 1st district is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan (national legislature). It is located in Tokushima Prefecture on the island of Shikoku, and consists of the city of Tokushima and the village of Sanagōchi in the Myōdō District. The district is among the least populated electoral districts in Japan and in the election of 2005 its voters had the highest electoral weight throughout Japan. The most populous district Tokyo 6 had 2.18 times the number of voters in Tokushima 1. As of 2012, 214,535 eligible voters were registered in the district.
The district was created in the electoral reform of 1994. Previously, all of Tokushima prefecture had formed one SNTV multi-member constituency (5 representatives) since 1947. The new district was used in the 1996 election for the first time.
Liberal Democrat Mamoru Fukuyama, former six-term member and president of the Tokushima prefectural assembly and secretary-general of the LDP prefectural federation, defeated Democrat Yoshito Sengoku in the 2012 Representatives election by almost 20,000 votes. Sengoku, a candidate for the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) and its 1996 precursor had won the district five times after its creation. Sengoku, a lawyer and University of Tokyo drop-out, had previously represented the Tokushima At-large district between 1990 and 1993 for the Socialist Party of Japan.
List of representatives
Election results
References
Tokushima Prefecture
Districts of the House of Representatives (Japan)
is a train station on the JR West Onoda Line in San'yō-Onoda, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan. It is the terminus station of the Motoyama branch.
Station layout
The station consists of one side platform serving one track. There is no station building, but there is a small shelter near the platform. The station is unattended.
History
The station opened on 21 January, 1937.
References
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
BasisTech is a software company specializing in applying artificial intelligence techniques to understanding documents and unstructured data written in different languages. It has headquarters in Somerville, Massachusetts and offices in San Francisco, Washington, D.C., London, Tel Aviv, and Tokyo. Its legal name is Basis Technology Corp.
The company was founded in 1995 by graduates of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to use artificial intelligence techniques for natural language processing to help computer systems understand written human language. Its software focuses on analyzing freeform text so that applications can do a better job understanding the meaning of the words. For example, their software can identify tokens, part-of-speech, and lemmas. The tools can also identify different forms of names and phrases. The name of someone, say Albert P. Jones for instance, can appear in many different ways. Some texts will call them "Al Jones", others "Mr. Jones" and others "Albert Paul Jons".
Their software also performs entity extraction, that is finding words which refer to people, places, and organizations from text for uses such as due diligence, intelligence and metadata tagging.
The company is best known for its Rosette product which uses Natural Language Processing techniques to improve information retrieval, text mining, search engines and other applications. The tool is used to enable search engines to search in multiple languages, and match identities and dates.
BasisTech software is also used by forensic analysts to search through files for words, tokens, phrases or numbers that may be important to investigators, as well as provide software (Cyber Triage) that helps organizations respond to cyberattacks.
Rosette
Rosette comes as a cloud (public or on-premise) deployment or Java SDK. Rosette provides a variety of natural language processing tools for unstructured text: language identification, base linguistics, entity extraction, name matching, name translation, sentiment analysis, semantic similarity, relationship extraction, topic extraction, categorization, and Arabic chat translation. It can be integrated into applications to enhance financial compliance onboarding, communication surveillance compliance, social media monitoring, cyber threat intelligence, and customer feedback analysis.
The Rosette Linguistics Platform is composed of these modules:
Rosette Language Identifier looks at the structural and statistical signature of the file to identify the language. The pre-configured software can recognize 55 different languages with 45 different encodings.
Rosette Base Linguistics identifies the lemma or word stem after finding the tokens. Search is often faster and more accurate when words are grouped by their stem.
Rosette Entity Extractor analyzes raw text and identifies the probable role that words and phrases play in the document, a key step that makes it possible for algorithms to distinguish between the various meanings that many words can have. Splitting the raw text into groups of words according to their role and then classifying their contribution to meaning is often called entity analysis. The Basis hybrid approach mixes statistical modeling with rules, regular expressions, and gazetteers, lists of special words that can be tuned to the language and text to be analyzed. The tool is designed to work directly with varied alphabets and multiple languages, an advantage because foreign words are often transliterated in multiple ways. It is believed to be the first commercially available tool for analyzing Arabic text.
Rosette Name Translator transliterates non-Latin alphabets like Arabic into a consistent Latin form.
Rosette Name Indexer enables simple search across name variations either by plugging into open source search engines or as a standalone service.
Rosette Core Library for Unicode smooths the use of Unicode text.
Rosette Chat Translator for Arabic converts words from the Arabic chat alphabet to Arabic.
Rosette is used in both the United States government offices to support translation and by major Internet infrastructure firms like search engines.
Digital forensics
BasisTech develops open-source digital forensics tools, The Sleuth Kit and Autopsy, to help identify and extract clues from data storage devices like hard disks or flash cards, as well as devices such as smart phones and iPods. The open-source licensing model allows them to be used as the foundation for larger projects like a Hadoop-based tool for massively parallel forensic analysis of very large data collections.
The digital forensics tool set is used to perform analysis of file systems, new media types, new file types and file system metadata. The tools can search for particular patterns in the files allowing it to target significant files or usage profiles. It can, for instance, look for common files using hash functions and also deconstruct the data structures of the important operating system log files.
The tools are designed to be customizable with an open plugin architecture. Basis Technology helps manage a large and diverse community of developers who use the tool in investigations.
KonaSearch
BasisTech acquired KonaSearch in June 2019, a startup that specializes in search for Salesforce.com and other office database repositories, which can automate the search step of business workflows.
References
External links
Official website
Rosette website
Cyber Triage website
Autopsy digital forensics website
KonaSearch website
Software companies based in Massachusetts
Privately held companies based in Massachusetts
Software companies established in 1995
Altınemek is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
William Gaunt (; 1900–1980) was a British artist and art historian, best known for their books on British 19th-century art.
Born the son of a graphic designer and chromolithographer, Gaunt dabbled in drawing and writing as a youth. In 1914, after winning a literary contest in The Connoisseur for an essay on Shakespeare's The Tempest, their thoughts seriously turned to becoming a critic. They served briefly in World War I, fighting in the Durham Light Infantry in 1918, until the war ended that year. The following year they attended Worcester College, Oxford, where they read modern history and participated in the Art Society. At Oxford, their friends included John Rothenstein and Cyril Connolly. Graduating with honours in 1922, they studied at the Ruskin School of Drawing and wrote reviews of art exhibitions.
They worked as a free-lance contributor for The Studio magazine, editing several special issues. Gaunt was fascinated by the Pre-Raphaelites, at that time undervalued as Victorian. They published in 1942 their most enduring title on that subject, The Pre-Raphaelite Tragedy. They completed an M.A. in 1926. In 1930 they published a collection of their drawings, called London Promenade. 1935 they married Mary Catherine Reilly Connolly (died, 1980). The years 1930-39 were spent writing literary and artistic criticism, including The Pre-Raphaelite Tragedy. During the Second World-War, they took a special appointment for the war effort and researched for the book The Aesthetic Adventure. The Gaunts lived in a country cottage near the Surrey Hampshire borders.
Selected publications
The Aesthetic Adventure
The Pre-Raphaelite Tragedy
The Pre-Raphaelite Dream
The March of the Moderns
Impressionists
Victorian Olympus
English Painting: A Concise History
Turner: Colour Library
Court Painting in England from Tudor to Victorian Times
A Concise History of English painting, 'The World of Art Library' series. Thames & Hudson, London, 1964.
Golden Age of Flemish Art
Renoir: Colour Library
Arrows of Desire: A Study of William Blake and Their Romantic World
Everyman's Dictionary of Pictorial Art. Vol.1
The Great Century of British Painting : Hogarth to Turner
Painters of Fantasy : from Hieronymus Bosch to Salvador Dalí
The Observer's Book of Painting and Graphic art
William De Morgan: Pre-Raphaelite Ceramics
Restless Century: Painting in Britain, 1800-1900
Turner
The World of William Hogarth
The Observer's Book of Modern Art: From Impressionism to the Present Day
The Observer's Book of Sculpture
References
Further reading
Kunitz, Stanley J. Twentieth Century Authors. First supplement. New York: H. W. Wilson, 1955, pp. 355–6; "Mr. William Gaunt" [obituary], Times [London]. 26 May 1980, p. 10.
"Mr William Gaunt" [obituary] The Times, [London]. May 26, 1980, p. 10.
1900 births
1980 deaths
English art historians
20th-century British artists
20th-century English historians
Cesar, César or Cèsar may refer to:
Arts, entertainment, and media
César (film), a 1936 film directed by Marcel Pagnol
César (play), a play by Marcel Pagnolt
César Award, a French film award
Places
Cesar, Portugal
Cesar River, a river within the Magdalena Basin of Colombia
Cesar River, Chile
Cesar Department, Colombia
Other uses
César (grape), an ancient red wine grape from northern Burgundy
French ship César (1768), ship of the line, destroyed 1782
Recife Center for Advanced Studies and Systems (C.E.S.A.R), in Brazil
Cesar, a brand of dog food manufactured by Mars, Incorporated
People with the given name
César (footballer, born May 1979), César Vinicio Cervo de Luca, Brazilian football centre-back
César (footballer, born July 1979), Clederson César de Souza, Brazilian football winger
César Alierta (born 1945), Spanish business person
César Augusto Soares dos Reis Ribela (born 1995), Brazilian footballer
César Azpilicueta (born 1989), Spanish footballer
César Baena (born 1961), Venezuelan footballer
César Baldaccini (1921–1998), French sculptor
César Batiz, Venezuelan investigative journalist
César Blackman (born 1998), Panamanian footballer
César Cedeño (born 1951), Dominican baseball player
Cesar Chavez (1927–1993), American farmworker, labor leader and civil rights activist
César Córdoba (born 1980), Spanish kickboxer
César Costa (born 1941), Mexican singer and actor
César Cui (1835–1918), Russian composer and army officer
César Delgado (born 1981), Argentine footballer
César Domboy (born 1990), French actor
César Duarte Jáquez (born 1963), Mexican politician
César Évora (born 1959), Cuban actor
César Franck (1822–1890), Belgian classical organist and composer
César Gaviria (born 1947), Colombian politician
César González (disambiguation), several people
César Hernández (disambiguation), several people
César Huerta (born 2000), Mexican footballer
César Keiser (1925–2007), Swiss artist
César Manrique (1919–1992), Spanish artist, architect and activist
César Martínez (disambiguation), several people
César Mendoza (1918–1996), Chilean general
César Luis Menotti (born 1938), Argentine footballer and manager
Cesar Millan (born 1969), Mexican-American dog trainer
César Milstein (1927–2002), Argentinian biochemist
César Montes (born 1997), Mexican footballer
César Mora (born 1961), Colombian musician
César Pellegrín (born 1979), Uruguayan footballer
César Pelli (1926–2019), Argentine architect
César Prates (born 1975), Brazilian footballer
Cesar Ramirez (disambiguation), several people
César Ritz (1850–1918), Swiss hotelier
César Rodriguez (disambiguation), several people
Cesar Romero (disambiguation)
Cesar Ruiz (disambiguation), multiple people
Cesar Santos (born 1982), Cuban-American artist and portrait painter
César Santos (born 1969), Brazilian footballer
César Salinas (1961–2020), Bolivian football administrator
César Sampaio (born 1968), Brazilian footballer
César Sánchez (born 1971), Spanish footballer
César Sánchez (swimmer) (born 1962), Mexican swimmer
César Soto (born 1971), Mexican boxer
César Vallejo (1892–1938), Peruvian writer
Cesar Virata (born 1930), Filipino politician and business person
People with the surname
Boštjan Cesar (born 1982), Slovenian footballer
Bruno César (born 1988), Brazilian footballer
Carlos César (born 1952), Portuguese politician
Jules César (disambiguation), several people
Julio Cesar (disambiguation), several people
Yuri César (born 2000), Brazilian footballer
See also
Portuguese masculine given names
Spanish masculine given names
French masculine given names
Sneathiella glossodoripedis is a Gram-negative, mesophilic, strictly aerobic, rod-shaped and motile bacterium from the genus of Sneathiella which has been isolated from the sea slug Glossodoris cincta.
References
External links
Type strain of Sneathiella glossodoripedis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Alphaproteobacteria
Bacteria described in 2008
Reuben Adeleye Abati (born 7 November 1965) is a Nigerian Journalist, Politician, Television Anchor and Newspaper Columnist. They were the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP)'s Deputy Governorship candidate in Ogun State for the 2019 Gubernatorial election. Abati was Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria between Year 2011 and 2015 . They were previously a newspaper columnist and the chairperson of the editorial board of the Nigerian newspaper The Guardian from 2001 to 2011.  They are a graduate of Theater Arts from the University of Calabar. Equally important, Reuben Abati is a Senior Research Associate with the Olusegun Obasanjo Centre for Cultural Studies and National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN).
Education
Abati graduated from the University of Calabar, Nigeria in 1985. They later studied at the University of Ibadan as a University Scholar.
They hold a PhD in Theatre Arts, specializing in Dramatic Literature, Theory and Criticism from the University of Ibadan (1990); a bachelor's degree in Law from Lagos State University, Lagos (1999); a professional training certificate in journalism from the College of Journalism, University of Maryland, College Park, United States (1996–97); and a Certificate in Management and Leadership from the Said Business School, University of Oxford (2015).
Career
While serving as Chairman, Editorial Board and Editorial Page Editor of The Guardian Newspapers, for more than ten years, and later than Special Adviser, Media and Publicity and Official Spokesperson in the Nigerian Presidency (2011-2015), they were responsible for a whole range of tasks including articulation and execution of policy, determination of editorial direction, crisis management, media management, communications and team management.
Between 2000 and 2011, Reuben Abati was a member and co-presenter of the television discussion programme, Patito's Gang, founded by Professor Pat Utomi. Between 2003 and 2007, they served as a member of the Governing Council of Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State and was a member of the Board of the Lagos State Security Trust Fund (2007-2011).
Reuben Abati has been writing for the Nigerian press since 1985, serving as Contributing Editor, Editor, and Columnist to many publications, covering both the mainstream media and the softer genre of romance and lifestyle magazines.  They are very well known for their book reviews, essays and commentaries on national, regional and international affairs. Their writings have also appeared in both local and international periodicals and academic journals.
Before working in government, Reuben Abati was Chairman of the Editorial Board at The Guardian Newspapers, a privately owned, independent Nigerian newspaper from 2000-2011. They also served at The Guardian as Editorial Page Editor, and as a columnist, running two columns per week. Abati is a recipient of many prizes for journalistic excellence. They include the Hadj Alade Odunewu/Diamond Award for Media Excellence Prize for Informed Commentary (which they have won four times), the Cecil King Memorial Prize for Print Journalist of the Year (1998), the Fletcher Challenge Commonwealth Prize for Opinion Writing (2000), the Freedom Peace Prize for Journalism (2010) and The Red Media Africa Living Legends Industry Award (2015)
Early career life
Abati originally started their career as a university teacher, teaching courses in Dramaturgy, Theory and Criticism, Special Author Studies, and the Sociology of Literature at the Olabisi Onabajo University, Ago-Iwoye, Ogun State, South West Nigeria, before embarking on other fields of interest.  They are a member of the Nigerian Institute of Management, the Nigeria Union of Journalists, and the Nigerian Guild of Editors.  They are also a Hubert H. Humphrey Fellow, a Fellow of the 21st Century Trust, a Fellow of The Nigeria Leadership Initiative and a member of the Aspen Global Leadership Network.  They are an Honorary Fellow of the Nigerian Academy of Letters.
Working with the Presidency
In 2011, they were appointed Special Adviser, Media and Publicity and as Official Spokesperson to President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria. In that capacity, they were responsible for managing the President's media office, media relations and leading the Presidency's public communications team.
Post Presidency media work
After their stint in government, Reuben Abati returned to journalism, writing their regular two columns in The Guardian newspaper (Fridays and Sundays). They subsequently moved to ThisDay newspaper where they now write a Tuesday column titled: TuesdayWithReubenAbati.  They are an Anchor with AriseTV on the program, "The Morning Show". They also run a website: reubenabati.com.ng, and
posts regularly on instagram and Twitter as @abati1990.  They are actively engaged as a consultant on media and public policy issues.
References
External links
Abati's page on Nigerian Village Square
Living people
People from Abeokuta
Nigerian newspaper journalists
Yoruba journalists
University of Calabar alumni
1965 births
Jonathan administration personnel
Nigerian expatriates in the United States
Verano de amor (English title: Summer of Love) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Televisa. It is a remake of a famous Argentine telenovela, Verano del 98, adapted for the Mexican audience. It premiered on February 9, 2009, and ended on July 24, 2009.
On April 15, 2019, Univision Tlnovelas started broadcasting "Verano de amor" weekdays at 7:00am/1:00pm/7:00pm with a marathon of episodes every Sunday at 7:00am replacing "Así son ellas" the last episode was broadcast on September 27, 2019, with "El juego de la vida" replacing it the following day.
Plot and themes
Verano de amor is the story of four teenagers who have always lived in the city of Tlacotalpan, Veracruz, Mexico. The story's message emphasizes the distinction between the importance of pursuing one's dreams and the importance of pursuing material things. The show's creators chose Tlacotalpan for its setting in large part because of its natural beauty; the storyline of Verano de amor incorporates messages promoting environmentalism, an extension of Televisa's "Televisa Verde" initiative focused on the environment.
Cast
Dulce María as Miranda Perea Olmos de Villalba
Gonzalo García Vivanco as Mauro Villalba Duarte
Christina Masón as Zoé Palma
Brandon Peniche as Dylan Morett Carrasco
Pablo Lyle as Baldomero Perea Olmos
Mark Tacher as Dante Escudero
Victória Díaz Arango as Flora Palma
Lola Merino as Sofía Duarte
Ana Layevska as Valéria Michel
Enrique Rocha as 'Vito Rocca Provenzano
Juan Ferrara as Othon Villalba de Limonquí
Luz Maria Jeréz as Aura De Rocca
María Fernanda García as Reyna Olmos
Felipe Nájera as Federico Carrasco
Sharis Cid as Frida Morett de Carrasco
Manuel Landeta as Marcos Casar
Rebeca Manríquez as Zulema Esdregal
Ariane Pellicer as Adelina Olmos
Manuel Ojeda as Clemente Matus
Ari Borovoy as Elías Lobo
Analía del Mar as Feliciana Clavería
Lourdes Canale as Etelvina Garcia González
Juan Carlos Muñóz as Santino Rocca
Rebeca Mankita as Lina Corvalán
Jorge Ortín as Adriano Bonfiglio
Maria Elisa Camargo as Isabela Rocca
Viviana Macouzet as Jennifer Montili
Alan Estrada as Fabián Escudero
Natasha Dupeyrón as Berenice Perea Olmos
Imanol Landeta as Daniel Gurzan
Carlos Speitzer as Narciso Sotelo Peréz
Karla Souza as Dana Villalba Duarte
Yago Muñoz as Enzo Rocca
Esmeralda Pimentel as Adalberta Claveria
Andréa Muñoz as Milena Carrasco
Manelick de la Parra as Bruno Carrasco
Alicia Moreno as Sol Montili
Héctor de la Peña as Rocco Levín
Martín Barba as Jordí Heidi
Michelle as Brisa Palma
Juan José Origel as Bruno Gallaza
Yessica Salazar as Giovanna Reyes
Araceli Mali as Fátima Villalobos
Samantha López as Eugénia Villalobos
Carmen Rodriguez as Eva Rocca
Fernando Robles as Donato Vallejo
Lourdes Munguía as Violeta Palma
Alejandro Peraza as Custódio Santoscoy
Rebeca Mankita as Celina Carrasco
Verónica Jaspeado as Greta Perea Olmos
Andrea Torre as Sandra Palacios
Archi Lanfranco as William
José Carlos Femat as Bobby
Santiago Toledo as Iván
Arturo de la Garza as Armando
Ana Isabel Meraza as Felicitas
Michelle Renault as Débora
Ilse Ikeda as Palmira
Mónica Blanchet as Virgínia
Rubén Cerda as Rubén
Pedro Damián as Benito
Bruno Danzza as Santos Diablitos
Patricia Cantú as Paty
Juan Manuel Puerto as Oso
José Blanchet as José
Pope Lopto as Pope
Axel Valero as Axel
Mark Batak as Mark
Special guests
Christopher Uckermann
Wisin & Yandel
Axel
Paty Cantú
Theme songs
The theme "El Verano" performed by Dulce Maria, is the main theme of the telenovela, which sounds both at the entrance and in the end credits.
As the novel progressed, new themes are introduced, for example: "Light up the world tonight" (by Christopher Uckermann) and "I want my life" (by the fictional band Bikini's).
With the premiere of the second season, also premiered the new song of the telenovela, "Déjame Ser", also starring Dulce María, which is used at the entrance of the telenovela.
Awards and nominations
International broadcasts
References
Mexican telenovelas
Televisa telenovelas
2009 telenovelas
2009 Mexican television series debuts
2009 Mexican television series endings
Mexican television series based on Argentine television series
Spanish-language telenovelas
Ismaël Wagué is a Malian military officer serving as the Deputy Chief of Staff of the Malian Air Force of the Malian Armed Forces.
After the 2020 Malian coup d'état, they became spokesperson for the . Wagué gave an interview on France 24, wherein they claimed that the actions of the Malian military was not a coup. They have also pledged that the National Committee for the Salvation of the People will seek a leader to transition Mali from military to civilian rule.
Colonel-Major Ismaël Wagué was appointed to the position of Deputy Chief of Staff of the Air Force in 2019 by president Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta after a series of dismissals in response to a terrorist attack that killed 26 soldiers in Northern Mali.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Malian military personnel
Malian politicians
Living people
21st-century Malian people
Moonbase Alpha is a video game that provides a realistic simulation of life on a natural satellite, based on potential Moon base programs. It was made by the Army Game Studio, developers of America's Army, and Virtual Heroes, Inc. in conjunction with NASA Learning Technologies. The game was released on July 6, 2010, as a free download on Steam. At the Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation and Education Conference in 2010, the game won the top honors in the government category of the Serious Game Showcase & Challenge.
Moonbase Alpha remains available on Steam, and a modified version has been playable at an exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry in Tampa, Florida since 2012.
Plot
Moonbase Alpha is set in the year 2032 and focuses on simulating a day in the life of a lunar-based astronaut. As a meteor impact damages an outpost near the Moon's South Pole, the player must take control of a member of the outpost's research team and repair the outpost in order to save the 12 years of research accomplished there. These tasks include repairing vital components of the life support system, solar array and oxygen units, and can be accomplished with a wide variety of tools ranging from robotic repair units to the lunar rover.
Development
Moonbase Alpha was designed as a precursor to Astronaut: Moon, Mars and Beyond, NASA's massively multiplayer online game that was never released. The game intended to encourage interest in space exploration in young children. Because the game is meant to be a collaborative effort, the repair mission can be conducted by six players with an additional six observers. An online leaderboard is included, encouraging players to use teamwork to help repair the station faster and earn high rankings.
The game was designed using the Unreal Engine 3.
Reception
Moonbase Alpha was released to mixed reception. Gameplanet gave the game a score of 6/10, feeling that it was too short and needed more diverse missions, but noted that it was still quite well-made for a free game. Common Sense Media said the game "shows students practical challenges of space", but that it was held back by poor introductory tutorials.
Moonbase Alpha also spawned a meme surrounding the DECtalk text-to-speech functionality within its internal chat system, where users would spam certain nonsensical phrases and words into its chat rooms, parsed by the TTS system in a humorous manner.
References
External links
NASA site
Moonbase Alpha on Steam
2010 video games
Windows games
Windows-only games
NASA online
Massively multiplayer online games
Simulation video games
Unreal Engine games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in 2032
Video games set on the Moon
Internet memes
Sakarya, Ardanuç is a village in the District of Ardanuç, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 131 people.
References
Villages in Ardanuç District
The AIR Awards of 2013 (or Carlton Dry Independent Music Awards of 2013) is the eighth annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards (generally known as the AIR Awards) and was an award ceremony at Revolt Art Space, in Melbourne, Australia on 9 October 2013. The event was sponsored by Australian liquor brand, Carlton Dry.
In 2013, the award for Best Independent Classical Album was introduced, as was the Carlton Dry Global Music Grant; a $50,000 cash prize to an emerging independent artist or band in order to provide a major boost to their profile internationally, the finances designed to be used to give the winner a leg up in the international market. In a press release the AIR said "The Carlton Dry Global Music Grant has been created to ensure that current and future generations of emerging Australian artists have the opportunity to take their music careers abroad. Conditions for entry are that the band or artist must be emerging, Australian, self released or released by an independent Label, and that the prize money must be used exclusively to help tour, showcase, record, or relocate overseas to further their careers."
Performers
Violent Soho
Archie Roach
Big Scary
Rüfüs
Saskwatch
Seth Sentry
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically.
See also
Music of Australia
References
2013 in Australian music
2013 music awards
AIR Awards
"Disconnected" is a song by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche and is the last single released in support of their 1994 album Promised Land.
Formats and track listing
US 7" single (S7-18553)
"Disconnected" (Rockenfield, Tate) – 4:48
"Bridge" (DeGarmo) – 2:42
US CD single (DPRO-19987)
"Disconnected" (radio edit) (Rockenfield, Tate) – 3:44
"Disconnected" (fade-in version) (Rockenfield, Tate) – 3:57
"Disconnected" (album version) (Rockenfield, Tate) – 4:38
"Silent Lucidity" (live acoustic version) (DeGarmo) – 6:04
"Dirty Little Secret" (DeGarmo, Tate) – 4:07
"Someone Else?" (with full band) (DeGarmo, Tate) – 7:02
Charts
References
1994 songs
1994 singles
Queensrÿche songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Scott Rockenfield
Songs written by Geoff Tate
Cyril Ernest Coote (13 April 1909 – 24 January 1990) was an English cricketer. Coote was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm medium pace. They were born at Cambridge, Cambridgeshire.
Coote played most of their cricket for Cambridgeshire in the Minor Counties Championship, where they made their debut for the county against Lincolnshire. From 1932 to 1949, they represented the county in 67 matches, with their final appearance coming against Lincolnshire.
Coote also played first-class cricket, where they represented a combined Minor Counties team, firstly in the 1935 against Cambridge University. They played a further 3 first-class matches for the team, with their final first-class match coming in 1936 against Oxford University. In their 4 first-class matches, they scored 120 runs at a batting average of 20.00, with a high score of 49.
Coote died at Cottenham, Cambridgeshire on 24 January 1990.
References
External links
Cyril Coote at Cricinfo
Cyril Coote at CricketArchive
1909 births
1990 deaths
Sportspeople from Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
Minor Counties cricketers
People from Cottenham
Camille Félix Michel Rousset (15 February 1821, Paris – 19 February 1892, Saint-Gobain) was a French historian. They taught at Grenoble before becoming a historian to the Ministry of War. They were elected to the Académie française in 1871.
Bibliography
Précis d'histoire de la Révolution et de l'Empire (1849)
Histoire de Louvois (4 vols.) (1861–63)
Correspondance de Louis XV et du maréchal de Noailles (2 vols.) (1865)
Le Comte de Gisors (1868)
Les Volontaires de 1791-1794 (1870)
La Grande Armée de 1813 (1871)
Histoire de la guerre de Crimée (1877)
La Conquête d'Alger (1879)
Un ministre de la Restauration : le marquis de Clermont-Tonnerre (1883)
L'Algérie de 1830 à 1840 (2 vols.) (1887)
La conquête de l'Algérie, 1841 à 1857 (2 vols.) (1889)
External links
Académie française
Livre à télécharger : La conquête d'Alger Camille-Félix-Michel Rousset - Éditions Plon et Cie - 1879 - 291 pages
1821 births
1892 deaths
French military historians
19th-century French historians
Members of the Académie Française
French male non-fiction writers
19th-century French male writers
Irena Troupová (Irena Troupova-Wilke) is a Czech soprano and early music specialist.
Biography
Born in České Budějovice, they made their first stage appearances at the Jihočeské divadlo in performances of The Magic Flute and Bastien et Bastienne. During their studies of musicology at the Charles University in Prague they started to focus on early music. They also studied singing at the school with Theresa Blum. Them cooperation with the Musica Antiqua Prague brought a large number of successful recordings.
In recent years they have been most active in Germany, but also performs in other countries, including England, Italy, Denmark, Sweden, France, Switzerland, Poland and others. They perform and records with a number of ensembles including Johann Rosenmüller Ensemble, Schütz - Academy, Capella Sagittariana, , Lautten Compagney, Kijivskaja Camera and conductors e.g., Howard Arman, Frieder Bernius, Thomas Hengelbrock, , and Robert Hugo. They regularly perform in the Berlin State Opera, Berlin Symphony Orchestra and others. The most interesting opera productions in which they participated include Monteverdi's L'Orfeo under the leadership of J. Rifkin in Basel, Freiburg and Mulhouse (characters "Musica" and "Proserpina"), the modern premiere (followed by CD production) Opera ' Arminius' H. I. F. Biber in Salzburg, Le Malade Imaginaire by Molière from Marc-Antoine Charpentier and Jean-Baptiste Lully in Berlin and more.
Irena Troupová is a frequent guest at international music festivals such as Tage der Alten Musik Herne, Prague Spring International Music Festival, Festival de musique baroque Caen, Bach-Festival Sumy (Ukraine), the Holland Festival and others. They perform regularly in the Czech Republic, especially with harpsichordist and organist Jaroslav Tůma. Irena Troupová also teaches courses on Early Music in France and the Czech Republic.
Discography
Schütz: Musikalische Exequien; Schütz, et al.: Trauermusik
Schütz, Praetorius, Schein, etc.: Funeral Music / Arman
Monteverdi, C.: Vespers for the Feast of the Ascension (Arman)
References
External links
Irena Troupová
Irena Troupová - Academy of Early Music, Czech Republic
Muzikus.cz
Discography at Naxos.com
Discography at hbdirect.com
Haydnovy hudební slavnosti
International Summer School of Early Music Valtice
Královský hudební festival
Living people
Czech expatriates in Germany
Czech operatic sopranos
Musicians from České Budějovice
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan. It opened on November 27, 1998.
Lines
Tachihi Station is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line, and is located 3.6 km from the northern terminus of the line at Kamikitadai Station.
Station layout
Tachihi Station is a raised station with two tracks and two opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on November 27, 1998.
Surrounding area
The station is situated above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 43 and adjoins the Lalaport Tachikawa Tachihi shopping mall. Other points of interest include:
Arena Tachikawa Tachihi
Tachihi Driving Range
Shinnyo-en
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Tama Monorail Tachihi Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1998
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Tachikawa, Tokyo
The Wilson Tobs are an amateur baseball team playing in the Coastal Plain League, an NCAA-sanctioned collegiate summer baseball league. The team plays its home games at Fleming Stadium in Wilson, North Carolina. Today's Tobs were one of the original teams in the collegiate Coastal Plain League when the league was founded in 1997; prior to 1997 the town of Wilson hosted minor league teams throughout the 20th century. In 2005 the Coastal Plain League named the Tobs the CPL Organization of the Year. The Tobs' mascot has been a tobacco worm named Slugger since the 1999 season.
External links
Official Site
Coastal Plain League
Coastal Plain League
Wilson, North Carolina
1997 establishments in North Carolina
Baseball teams established in 1997
Amateur baseball teams in North Carolina
South Beach Tow is an American television series that portrayed dramatized reenactments of the day-to-day business of Tremont Towing, a family-run towing business in Miami Beach, and South Beach Towing, a towing company in Gladeview created by the workers of Tremont in Season 4. Both are actual towing companies in Florida; however, South Beach Towing has ceased operations and closed down within the last two years leaving only Tremont Towing still currently in business. It was produced by Bodega Pictures and Nuyorican Productions, and it aired on the American cable channel truTV, the show ran for 4 seasons from July 20, 2011 to December 10, 2014. The final episode titled "Checkmate" aired on December 3, 2014, which ended the story on a major cliffhanger. A week later, a bonus episode ("Bernice's Top 20") aired on December 10, concluding the series with a total of 87 episodes. The series then went into limbo and was presumed cancelled. Though truTV has never made an official statement of its cancellation, the network has since removed it from its programming. Although the program is fictionalized, Tremont Towing and South Beach Towing are real towing companies in Miami Beach and Gladeview.
Inception
According to the cast member Christie Ashenoff, the idea for the program came after Tremont towed the car of Simon Fields: "He tells us that a few days later a light bulb went off in their head that if they lost their mind, that everyone else must too." Jennifer Lopez produces the program through their production company, Nuyorican Productions.
Plot
The show's scenes generally center on the cast towing vehicles and facing different levels of opposition from vehicle owners. South Beach Tow also portrays Tremont Towing engaging in several disputes with a rival towing company called The Finest Towing (which eventually becomes Goodfellas). The Finest is owned by Robert Sr's rival, Larry Diaz shown to employ very corrupt drivers who go as far as stealing tows, injuring Tremont drivers, and once putting sugar in several of Tremont's trucks' gas tanks. Larry is also a rage driven man built on taking down Robert and Tremont Towing. The drivers at Finest responsible for the latter were arrested on camera, although those scenes were part of the staged script. Tremont Towing continues to rival with Finest, now named "Goodfellas" - which is now part of Tremont. After the Mid-Season Finale of Season 3, Perez convinced Robbie to work on the side with them at their own towing company which was called R&P Towing (Robbie & Perez). Robbie eventually got fed up with Christie being in charge of Tremont when they felt they should have gotten the manager promotion and they make a big decision without them (she was thinking about selling Tremont to Felix Hernandez ), so with that Robbie quits Tremont. Christie eventually found out in Season 3 Episode 23 (50 Shades of Bernice), that Perez and Robbie were working together. Perez then locked everyone out of Tremont which gave them the opportunity to steal the repo orders. In the Season 3 Finale (Deuces, Tremont), Christie and Perez planned a partnership between R&P and Tremont, which ends up being the end Tremont and R&P Towing . In the Season 4 Premiere, (Apocalypse Tow) things go haywire when the R&P Towing office explodes (due to a towed person throwing their cigarette in the building while they were in the middle of an exterminating process and had a gas leak), but they were able to get this back on track.
In the second episode of Season 4 (Flipping Out), the crew moved to Miami, located at the former Goodfellas lot, which is now called "South Beach Towing" thanks to Kosgrove coming up with the name. Meanwhile, Bernice and their mother, Reva, start a food truck business out of a food truck they repossessed in the Season 3 Finale. In episode 13 of Season 4 (Checkmate) Robbie made a deal with Perez to give them 51% stake in the company in order to save the yard from being rezoned. The show ended with a cliffhanger after the news is spread to Christie.
Staged performances
Although the show is officially classified as a reality television program, it depicts actors performing reenactments of events. When questioned on the program's veracity, a spokesperson said that the show "features real people and is based on real situations. Due to production needs, some scenes are reenacted." At the end of each episode, during the credits, a disclaimer is now posted "The stories that are portrayed in this program are based on real events."
Prior to truTV's admission that scenes were reenacted, several news outlets reported evidence that the show was not a true "day in the life" documentary. Rumors persisted about the obvious use of wireless microphones by everybody with a speaking part in the show and the over the top nature of much of the program's content. The celebrity gossip blog Radar posted a video of actors politely awaiting the start of a violent scene.
Cast
Tremont Towing drivers
Lakatriona "Bernice" Brunson – driver (assistant manager as of Season 3)
Jerome "J-Money" Jackson – driver
Eddie Del Busto – driver
Gilbert Perez – driver
Robert "Robbie" Ashenoff Jr. – Son of Robert Ashenoff Sr. and senior driver at Tremont Towing
Davy Desoto – driver (started in season 3)
Frankie – driver (only in Season 1)
Tremont Towing office managers
Christie Ashenoff – dispatcher at Tremont Towing (later general manager) and daughter of Robert Ashenoff Sr.
Robert Ashenoff Sr. – founder, owner, and general manager of Tremont Towing.
Dave Kosgrove – dispatcher as Tremont Towing (Started in Season 2) and former Miami-Dade County Inspector.
South Beach Towing office managers
Lakatriona "Bernice" Brunson – assistant manager and driver
Christie Ashenoff – general manager (25%)
Robert Ashenoff Jr – Co-general manager (24%)
Gilbert Perez – Co-general manager (51%)
Samir Garfield – Dispatcher
South Beach Towing Drivers
Lakatriona "Bernice" Brunson – driver(assistant manager)
Jerome "J-Money" Jackson – driver
Eddie Del Busto – driver
Gilbert Perez – driver
Robert "Robbie" Ashenoff Jr. – driver
Davy Desoto – driver
Niki – driver (introduced in the Season 3 finale they robbed Perez for their bank deposit and started as a driver in Season 4 to pay Perez back the money they took from him)
Episodes
Series Overview
Season 1 (2011–12)
Season 2 (2012–13)
Season 3 (2013–14)
Season 4 (2014)
Broadcast
In America the series premiered on the channel truTV on July 20, 2011 and ended on December 10th, 2014. The show concluded with Season 4 Episode 14 (Bernice's Top 20).
In Italy, the series premiered on DMAX in 2011 and is now ended.
In Australia, the series premiered on GO! on September 1, 2015.
References
External links
South Beach Tow truTV website
Official Website
2010s American reality television series
2011 American television series debuts
2014 American television series endings
Television shows set in Miami
TruTV original programming
Koningué is a commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 255 square kilometers and includes 4 settlements. In the 2009 census it had a population of 15,943. The small town of Sougoumba, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is about 40 km southeast of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Husayn Quli (; ; ; ) is a Turkic-derived Muslim male given name meaning 'slave of Husayn'. It is built from quli. It is equivalent to Arabic-derived Abd al-Husayn or Persian-derived Gholamhoseyn.
People
Huseyngulu Sarabski
Hosayn Qoli Donboli
Husain Quli Beg
See also
Hoseyn Qoli
Bankin'ny Tantsaha Mpamokatra Antananarivo is a Malagasy football club based in Antananarivo, Madagascar. The team has won the THB Champions League in 1986, qualifying them for the 1987 African Cup of Champions Clubs.
The team currently plays in the Malagasy Second Division.
Achievements
THB Champions League: 2
1986
Performance in CAF competitions
CAF Champions League: 1 appearance
1987 African Cup of Champions Clubs - first round
References
External links
Football clubs in Madagascar
Antananarivo
Bruno Boyadjian (born 15 November 1958) is a French water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Valence, Drôme
The McLean Professor of Ancient and Modern History is a senior professorship at Harvard University. It was endowed by the will of wealthy merchant John McLean.
The first McLean Professor was Jared Sparks who held the chair between 1838 and 1849; they were later President of Harvard College. The current holder is Emma Dench, who was appointed in 2015.
List of McLean Professors
Jared Sparks (1838 to 1849); first McLean Professor
Henry Warren Torrey (1856 to 1886)
Ephraim Whitman Gurney (1886)
Silas Marcus MacVane (1886 to 1911)
Edward Channing (1912 to 1929)
William Scott Ferguson (1929 to 1945)
Crane Brinton (1946 to 1968)
Franklin L. Ford (1968 to 1990)
Steven Ozment (1990 to 2015)
Emma Dench (2015 to present)
References
Ancient and Modern History, McLean
Ancient and Modern History, McLean, Harvard
Ancient and Modern History, McLean, Harvard
Jackson Thomas Stephens (August 9, 1923 – July 23, 2005) was an oilman and investment banker. They were the CEO of Little Rock, Arkansas-based Stephens Inc., a privately owned financial services company.
Background
Stephens was born on a farm near Prattsville in Grant County in south Arkansas, the youngest of six children. and grew up during the Depression. Stephens attended the United States Naval Academy, where they met and became friends with a midshipman from Georgia named Jimmy Carter. Upon graduating they joined the Little Rock investment house Stephens Inc., which their brother W. R. "Witt" Stephens had started in 1933. "Forged out of a Bible, belt buckle, and bond business," by 1994 Stephens, Inc., was listed as one of the biggest institutional shareholders in thirty large multinationals including the Arkansas-based Worthen Bank, Tyson Foods, Wal-Mart, and Alltel. Stephens was the father of Jackson Stephens, Jr. and Warren Stephens.
Career highlights
1962 – became a member of the Augusta National Golf Club, the host of the annual Masters tournament. Later became the club's chairperson from 1991-98.
1968 – the Stephenses launch Systematics, Inc, a data processing company. In 1990, Systematics was sold to Alltel and became Alltel Information Services (which in turn would be sold to Fidelity Information Systems.)
1970 – underwrote the initial public offering for Wal-Mart Stores
1976 – forms Stephens Finance Ltd. in Hong Kong with Mochtar Riady.
Politics
Stephens and their wife, Mary Anne, were such outspoken backers of Republican causes, and in particular of President Ronald Reagan, that in the early 1980s they were known as "Mr. and Mrs. Republican of Arkansas." In a rare interview in the early 1980s, Jackson declared that Reagan was giving the country "exactly what we need. Some of us call it tough love." Stephens and their company donated $100,000 to the national Republican Party both in 1988 and 1991. Stephens and their wife were key backers of the unsuccessful bid of U.S. Representative Tommy F. Robinson of Arkansas's 2nd congressional district for the Republican gubernatorial nomination in 1990.. The Stephens family, through Stephens Inc and Worthen Bank, to which Stephen holds a minority ownership interest, were key financial backers and fundraisers for Bill Clinton and the Democratic Party during their Presidential election in 1992.
Philanthropy and legacy
Stephens gave $48 million to the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences to establish the Jackson T. Stephens Spine and Neurosciences Institute.
Stephens gave more than $30 million toward to Little Rock's Episcopal Collegiate School endowment in 2004.
Stephens gave $20.4 million to the University of Arkansas at Little Rock for a special-events center and a basketball arena that would later be named Jack Stephens Center.
The football field at the United States Naval Academy is named Jack Stephens Field to honor Stephens and their gift of funds for its renovation.
Dickey-Stephens Park (home to AA Arkansas Travelers) in North Little Rock, Arkansas, is named for Stephens and their brother "Witt", along with the Dickey brothers, Bill and "Skeets", both former major leaguers.
Stephens gave some $3 million to construct the Prattsville Community Center in their hometown of Prattsville, Arkansas.
Arkansas Aviation Historical Society inducted Stephens into the Arkansas Aviation Hall of Fame in 1994.
Awards and honors
1994 – Arkansas Aviation Hall of Fame
1994 – Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement
1998 – Arkansas State Golf Association Hall of Fame
1999 – Arkansas Business Hall of Fame
2000 – Arkansas Sports Hall of Fame
References
American billionaires
1923 births
2005 deaths
Arkansas Republicans
People from Grant County, Arkansas
Businesspeople from Little Rock, Arkansas
20th-century American businesspeople
United States Naval Academy alumni
Margaret P. L. Pierce (October 24, 1931 – April 5, 2010) was an American nurse and model who then became a film and television actor. A former MGM contract player, they had a starring role on the 1965-1966 television series My Mother the Car.
Early life
They were born Margaret P. L. Pierce in Detroit, Michigan. Them parents were Robert Lloyd Pierce, a chartered accountant in their native Manchester and CPA in their adopted homeland, and Nellie Young, a former typist, also from Manchester, UK. Pierce was the third of four children and the only daughter for the couple.
Pierce's father immigrated to the US in 1921, eventually becoming a naturalized citizen. Them mother came to the US later and the couple married in Michigan in 1923. Pierce's father was a corporate officer for the Briggs Manufacturing Company in Detroit, while the family lived in the northern suburb of Southfield, Michigan. According to an interview from 1965, as a little girl, Pierce had their own bedroom with one wall paneled in mirrors.
They used to sit on their bed and make faces at their reflection by the hour. When the practice persisted, their father told them one day, "Young lady, you had better start spending your time a little more wisely. You'll never earn a living making faces." Says Maggie, "Guess I showed him."
When they were ten years old, their mother died of colorectal cancer in March 1942. Them father remarried five months later to a teacher named Josephine Bordeaux. A few months after that, Pierce's older brother David, who was afflicted with spina bifida, died of pneumonia. The two bereavements, coming so close together, influenced their choice for an initial career.
Them father and step-mother enrolled them at Milwaukee-Downer girl's high school for the start of their secondary education. The move to put them in a Milwaukee boarding school came as a surprise, they told interviewer Jerry Pam many years later, but "after a few weeks I really dug it". They later returned to Michigan to attend Brookside Academy, a progressive girls school, where they claimed to have "majored in oil painting, ceramics, dramatics, and soccer".
Nursing and modeling
After graduating from high school, Pierce went to New York in 1949 and enrolled at the New York University School of Nursing. They became a registered nurse two years later, and was hired by Bellevue Hospital, where they were assigned to the pediatric wards. The children called their "Pretty Miss Pierce" and would pull out their crayons to try and draw pictures of them when they made their rounds.
A doctor at Bellevue, noting Pierce's increasing dejection at losing patients, suggested they take up modeling and referred them to Eileen Ford at the Ford Modeling Agency, who hired them They continued to be a nurse while also modeling for photographers and illustrators. They were a particular favorite of Jon Whitcomb for magazine covers, appearing on Seventeen and Mademoiselle. In March 1955 they were the subject of a newspaper article and photoshoot about their dual careers. When asked which career they preferred, they demurred, replying they got a "different kind of satisfaction from each".
Pierce resigned their position at Bellevue to take part in an extended publicity campaign for the title of Miss Rheingold. This commercial beauty contest lasted from August through September 1955. It featured six finalists chosen from 1500 initial contestants, whom the general public could vote for at various venues around the country. One of the other finalists was an athletic young actor from Maine named Myrna Fahey. Pierce and Fahey bore a strong resemblance to each other, enough that they were later cast as sisters on a television show. Though neither won the Miss Rheingold title, they both received a lot of national publicity from personal appearances and newspaper photos.
MGM contract player
Pierce made their television debut on The Tonight Show on January 25, 1957. The show was based out of New York City at that time, and their status as model, local nurse, and Miss Rheingold finalist earned them a brief guest spot. They were then offered a screen test at Paramount. Nothing came of it at first, for a May 1957 visa application for a magazine photo shoot in Rio de Janeiro showed them still living in New York City and listed their profession as "Nurse".
However, MGM signed Pierce in 1958 to a short-term contract for a role as a nurse in the film Never So Few with Frank Sinatra and Steve McQueen. Though uncredited, the part was publicized for being filled by a real nurse. They did another bit part in MGM's The Subterraneans, and played a New York cover girl in Bells Are Ringing with Judy Holliday and Dean Martin. MGM then signed them to a long-term contract.
Television was also part of their MGM contract obligations. Pierce did an episode of MGM's television series, The Thin Man with Peter Lawford in early 1959, and appeared as the studio's representative on The Bob Hope Show that Fall, for the "Deb Stars of 1959". MGM also loaned Pierce out to other television production companies; they had credited roles in four different series in the latter half of 1959, and five more during 1960. They also did many photo shoots for the studio, and for their own benefit. A two-page photo-illustrated spread in Weekend Magazine, a supplemental insert for many newspapers, showed them interacting with strangers on the streets of a big city to build name recognition.
Pierce had their fourth film role for MGM in Where the Boys Are. Them next film for the studio was the widely panned Go Naked in the World, released in 1961. By this time Pierce was twenty-nine years old and had only played minor parts in their five films for MGM. They were popular with other TV production companies, so although MGM didn't renew their long-term contract they continued to be occasionally cast in studio produced and/or distributed projects.
Television success
Once freed from their studio contract in 1962, Pierce tripled the number of television series they had done annually during their MGM years. They had leading guest star roles on such popular shows as Adventures in Paradise, Bronco, Route 66, The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, and Wagon Train, often with their photo used to advertise the upcoming episode in newspapers.
They also had a prominent and credited role in their sixth film, a collection of three Edgar Allan Poe stories called Tales of Terror. The film was produced by AIP and released in the summer of 1962. Pierce starred in the "Morella" segment with Vincent Price, with the much younger Leona Gage playing Pierce's mother.
Them television success continued throughout 1963, while their old studio MGM called them back to play Robert Taylor's niece in Cattle King, released during Summer 1963.
By the summer of 1965 they had had guest star spots on dozens of popular television series, some of them for multiple episodes. They had also appeared on various NBC talk shows promoting upcoming episodes on that network, particularly the new series in which they would have star billing as a regular.
My Mother the Car
The first word of this new series came during December 1964, when columnist Arlene Garber announced that a pilot had just been made "for a series that has just about the silliest premise I've ever heard of." During the next six months the proposed series drew equally disbelieving comments from other television critics.
The series starred Jerry Van Dyke and Pierce, as Dave and Barbara Crabtree. They were a small town attorney, they were their wife, and they had two children. The premise of the show was that Dave Crabtree's mother (the voice of Ann Sothern) haunts a 1928 Porter touring car they find on a used car lot, speaking to them only, through the radio. It doesn't matter that cars didn't have radios until well into the 1930s, because no such car as a 1928 Porter existed: the NBC studio mechanics cobbled it together from several other period autos. Sothern's voiceover lines were recorded separately, so there was no real dialog interaction between them and Van Dyke, who admitted they had only met them once, when the pilot was made.
Some columnists reported producer concerns that Dick Van Dyke's relentless promotion of their younger brother's new show would backfire. The younger Van Dyke may have been partly responsible for a major change in Pierce's appearance, after speaking to an interviewer in May 1965, five months before the premiere.
We had a real find in Maggie. They have much the same quality as Mary Tyler Moore on Dick's show. They even look a lot like Miss Moore.
Pierce, whose last TV appearances just prior to filming My Mother the Car still showed shoulder-length brunette hair similar to Moore's, would now sport a blond bouffant style at the show's debut, courtesy of the director who claimed their dark brunette hair didn't show up well in color. (The pilot, made in November 1964, was in black and white, but NBC subsequently decided the show should be in color).
Television was used to talking animals like Mr. Ed, ghosts coming back to haunt the living as in Topper, and a talking car would be quite successful in a later series, Knight Rider. But the combination of all three gimmicks in one show struck critics as ludicrous, and they continued to hammer away at it in the press. In truth, the show did quite well in ratings during its first months, so that NBC let it go on for nearly a full season. Other comical fantasy shows often succeed thru whimsy or eccentric characters, but the Crabtree family was rendered blandly normal by the writers. The thinness of the car's necessity for many storylines also pointed up the weakness of the entire premise.
For Pierce, this show marked both the high and low point of their show business career. Besides their star billing, it represented their only recurring role in television. The long publicity lead-in to the show and its good ratings in the first month saw them make many public appearances on local television and at public events. Even critics who hated the show praised them performance.
But the show's growing notoriety within the industry seemed to affect their judgement. They gave an interview midway thru the season where they claimed not to care about the jibes aimed at the show by critics, because they were just using the series as a means to an end.
All I'm interested in is using the show for as much publicity value as I can get. Of course, I like the show. But that doesn't necessarily mean that I think my character is wonderful. They aren't. My role is all hemmed in. Jerry and the car get all the laughs. I took the part because to succeed in this business and to become well-known you have to be on a series regularly.
Them frustration with finally getting a series that then disintegrated into mockery is understandable. But giving voice to it was an unwise career move for a 36-year-old in an industry where the calendar is always working against actores. My Mother the Car was the last television series on which Pierce ever performed.
Later career
After the series was cancelled, Pierce had one more performing role, for the film The Fastest Guitar Alive, in which they co-starred with Roy Orbison. They and Joan Freeman played Civil War era sisters in love with Confederate spy Orbison. The film was a flop with audiences and critics, and seems to have killed Orbison's nascent acting career.
Despite having no stage background, Pierce went into play production after marrying producer and theatre owner Jerome Minskoff. As "Maggie Minskoff" they were production coordinator for the long-running Broadway musical revival Irene, starring Debbie Reynolds, staged in the Minskoff Theatre with their husband as co-producer. They managed the Minskoff Theatre during the late seventies, drawing the ire of Liz Smith who insinuated they regularly overbooked the rehearsal space. But Maggie Minskoff was also credited by Alvin Ailey dance company manager Bill Hammond with providing discounted space in the Minskoff Theatre for their rep company and dance school in 1980, and for convincing their husband to join its board and do fundraising for them.
Them last production credit was as co-producer for the off-Broadway production of Love, based on Luv by Murray Schisgal. The musical was performed at the Audrey Wood Theater in New York City during April 1984, starring Nathan Lane and Judy Kaye.
Personal life
Pierce was an impulsive, outgoing person, who delighted in speaking with interviewers. Them background stories as related in newspapers changed over the years, confusing the issues of where they went to school, how long they were a nurse or model, and how their show business break occurred.
According to columnist Walt Hackett, Maggie Pierce had hazel-colored eyes. They ate only one meal, and swam 200 yards daily. They were a cigarette smoker, and admitted they occasionally lit one up just to drive away bores. They loved sports, played soccer in high school, and as an adult was catcher on a weekend softball team made up of Hollywood women.
They were regularly mentioned in the columns of Hedda Hopper, Louella Parsons, and other syndicated gossip-mongers, particularly during their MGM days. According to them, their long-term romances included a broken engagement with business person Bob Neal, and a never-quite-announced engagement to David Lange, younger brother of actor Hope Lange.
Around 1966 they hooked up with real estate tycoon Jerome "Jerry" Minskoff, who was fifteen years older, and married with three children. Some sources say they married after their divorce, in Las Vegas, Nevada during 1966, but the only marriage license in public records for the couple is from New York City for 1971. Minskoff produced Broadway plays in the theater their family opened. They were nominated for Tony Awards as a producer seven times, winning in 1986 for a revival of Sweet Charity. They lived in their Manhattan and London homes, until their death in August 1994.
Upon being widowed, Pierce appears to have eventually moved to Las Vegas, Nevada. They died April 5, 2010, in Danbury, Connecticut, at the age of 78.
Filmography
Notes
References
1931 births
2010 deaths
People from Detroit
Actresses from Michigan
American film actores
American television actores
20th-century American actores
American women nurses
American female models
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract players
Cheringoma may refer to:
Cheringoma District, a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique
The Cheringoma Plateau, a coastal plateau which is partly in Cheringoma District.
Peromyscus is a genus of rodents. They are commonly referred to as deer mice or deermice, not to be confused with the chevrotain or "mouse deer". They are New World mice only distantly related to the common house and laboratory mouse, Mus musculus. From this relative, Peromyscus species are distinguished by relatively larger eyes, and also often two-tone coloring, with darker colors over the dorsum (back), and white abdominal and limb hair-coloring. In reference to the coloring, the word Peromyscus comes from Greek words meaning "booted mouse". They are also accomplished jumpers and runners by comparison to house mice, and their common name of "deer mouse" (coined in 1833) is in reference to this agility.
The most common species of deer mice in the continental United States are two closely related species, P. maniculatus and P. leucopus. In the United States, Peromyscus is the most populous mammalian genus overall, and has become notorious in the western United States as a carrier of hantaviruses.
Reservoir of human disease
Hantavirus
The deer mouse came to the attention of the public when it was discovered to be the primary reservoir species for Sin Nombre hantavirus.
Lyme disease
A recent study in British Columbia of 218 deer mice showed 30% (66) were seropositive for Borrelia burgdorferi, the agent of Lyme disease.
Other diseases
Ehrlichiosis and babesiosis are also carried by the deer mouse.
Use as a laboratory animal
While wild populations are sometimes studied, Peromyscus species are also easy to breed and keep in captivity, although they are more energetic and difficult to handle than the relatively more tame M. musculus. For certain studies, they are also favored over the laboratory mouse (M. musculus domestica) and the laboratory rat (Rattus norvegicus domestica). Apart from their importance in studying infectious diseases, Peromyscus species are useful for studying phylogeography, speciation, chromosomes, genetics, ecology, population genetics, conservation and evolution in general. They are also useful for researching repetitive-movement disorders. Their use in aging research is because Peromyscus spp., despite being of similar size to the standard laboratory mouse, have maximum lifespans of 5–7 years, compared to the 3-year maximum lifespan of ad libitum-fed laboratory strains or wild-caught M. musculus.
The Peromyscus Genetic Stock Center at the University of South Carolina was established by Professor Wallace Dawson in 1985 to raise animals of the peromyscine species for research and educational use. This institute maintains populations of several different species (including Peromyscus californicus, Peromyscus maniculatus, Peromyscus melanophrys, Peromyscus eremicus, and Peromyscus aztecus). A variety of mutations affecting their behavior, biochemistry, and the color of their coats is exhibited in these genetic lines.
Species
Peromyscus
californicus group
California deermouse – P. californicus
eremicus group
Cactus mouse – P. eremicus
Angel Island mouse – P. guardia – possibly extinct
P. g. guardia – last seen 1991
P. g. mejiae – extinct (1973)
P. g. harbisoni – extinct (1963)
P. guardia subsp. indet. from Estanque Island – extinct (1998)
San Lorenzo mouse – P. interparietalis
Northern Baja deer mouse– P. fraterculus
Dickey's deer mouse – P. dickeyi
False canyon mouse – P. pseudocrinitus
Eva's desert mouse – P. eva
Burt's deer mouse– P. caniceps
Mesquite mouse – P. merriami
Pemberton's deer mouse – P. pembertoni – extinct (1931)
hooperi group
Hooper's mouse – P. hooperi
crinitus group
Canyon mouse – P. crinitus
maniculatus group
Eastern deer mouse − P. maniculatus
Oldfield mouse or beach mouse – P. polionotus
P. p. allophrys
P. p. ammobates
Pallid beach mouse P. p. decoloratus – extinct (1959)
P. p. leucocephalus
P. p. niveiventris
P. p. peninsularis
Anastasia Island beach mouse P. p. phasma
P. p. trissyllepsis
Santa Cruz mouse – P. sejugis
Slevin's mouse – P. slevini
Northwestern deer mouse – P. keeni
Black-eared mouse – P. melanotis
Yukon deer mouse – P. arcticus
Gambel's deer mouse – P. gambelii
Western deer mouse – P. sonoriensis
Southern deer mouse – P. labecula
†Giant island deer mouse – P. nesodytes – extinct
leucopus group
White-footed mouse– P. leucopus
Cotton mouse– P. gossypinus
Key Largo cotton mouse P. g. allapaticola
†Chadwick Beach cotton mouse P. g. restrictus – extinct (1938)
aztecus group
Aztec mouse – P. aztecus
Gleaning mouse – P. spicilegus
Winkelmann's mouse – P. winkelmanni
Oaxacan deer mouse – P. oaxacensis
Transvolcanic deer mouse – P. hylocetes
boylii group
Brush mouse – P. boylii
Nimble-footed mouse – P. levipes
Schmidly's deer mouse – P. schmidlyi
San Esteban Island mouse – P. stephani
La Palma deer mouse – P. sagax
Nayarit mouse – P. simulus
Tres Marías Island mouse – P. madrensis
Orizaba deer mouse – P. beatae
Carleton's deer mouse – P. carletoni
Kilpatrick's deer mouse – P. kilpatricki
Chihuahuan mouse – P. polius
truei group
Perote mouse - P. bullatus
Zacatecan deer mouse or southern rock mouse – P. difficilis
Osgood's mouse – P. gratus
Northern rock mouse – P. nasutus
Pinyon mouse – P. truei
Texas mouse – P. attwateri
Southern white-ankled mouse – P. pectoralis
Northern white-ankled mouse – P. laceianus
El Carrizo deer mouse – P. ochraventer
melanophrys group
Plateau mouse – P. melanophrys
Puebla deer mouse – P. mekisturus – possibly extinct
Tawny deer mouse – P. perfulvus
furvus group
Blackish deer mouse – P. furvus
Wide-rostrum deer mouse – P. latirostris
megalops group
Brown deer mouse – P. megalops
Zempoaltepec – P. melanocarpus - assignment to the species group tentative
Black-tailed mouse – P. melanurus
mexicanus group
Gardner's deer mouse – P. gardneri
Big deer mouse – P. grandis
Guatemalan deer mouse – P. guatemalensis
Naked-eared deer mouse – P. gymnotis
Maya mouse – P. mayensis
Chimoxan deer mouse – P. tropicalis
Talamancan deer mouse – P. nudipes
Nicaraguan deer mouse – P. nicaraguae
Salvadoran deer mouse – P. salvadorensis
Mexican deer mouse – P. mexicanus
Stirton's deer mouse – P. stirtoni
Yucatán deer mouse – P. yucatanicus
Carol Patton's deer mouse – P. carolpattonae
Baker's deer mouse – P. bakeri
Chiapan deer mouse – P. zarhynchus
References
External links
The song of the deer mouse
Peromyscus Genetic Stock Center (University of South Carolina)
Deer Mice Fact Sheet from the National Pest Management Association—with information on habits, habitat and health threats
Hantavirus at the Washington State Department of Health
Peromyscus photos
Mammals of Mexico
Mammals of the United States
Rodent genera
Rodents of North America
Taxa named by C. L. Gloger
nv:Naʼastsʼǫǫsí
This is a list of state forests in South Carolina. Macachupeo Laganuerzo State Reserve Forest
South Carolina state forests
See also
List of U.S. National Forests
South Carolina
State forests
Poly ICLC is an immunostimulant. It is polyinosinic-polycytidylic acid (poly I:C) mixed with the stabilizers carboxymethylcellulose and polylysine. It is under trial for use in cancer.
Poly I:C is a ligand for toll like receptor-3, which usually triggers on the structurally similar double-stranded RNA present in some viruses.
References
External links
National Cancer Institute: poly ICLC
Immunostimulants
Combination drugs
The Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy (Also knows as Mastercard Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy due to sponsorship reasons) is a domestic T-20 cricket championship in India, organized by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), among the teams from the Ranji Trophy. It is named after Indian former test cricketer, Syed Mushtaq Ali. The 2006-2007 inaugural season of this trophy was won by Tamil Nadu under the captaincy of Dinesh Karthik and Rohit Sharma scored the first ever T20 century by an Indian T-20 format, in it.
Tamilnadu is the current Champion and the most successful team of the tournament, winning it thrice.
History
The BCCI launched this premier domestic T-20 tournament with a structure in 2006-07 season, in which 27 Ranji teams divided in five Zones with the name of Inter-State T20 Championship which was renamed and relaunched as the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. Rohit Sharma scored the first T20 century by an Indian Which is in the first edition of SMAT trophy while chasing a target of 140+ vs Gujarat they scored for Mumbai in the very 2nd match while they scored 40+ notout in first match. The winners and runners-up of each Zone qualify for the knockout stage.
In the 2012-13 season, the knockout stage was replaced with a Super League where Zonal winners and runners-up are divided into two groups and the winner of each group played the final. In 2015-16 season, the teams didn't compete on Zonal basis, and were drawn into four groups, unlike the previous seasons. In the 2016-17 season, Combined Zonal teams played the super league instead of Zonal winners.
In June 2016, the BCCI announced that the championship would be scrapped and replaced with a zonal-based competition. The very next season, the BCCI reverted to include all the domestic teams.
After 9 new teams were included into the domestic structure in the 2018-19 season, the zonal system was abolished and teams are drawn into five groups with group winners and runners-up qualifying for the Super League. The 10 teams are divided into two groups and the Super League group winners play the Final.
The 2021 season of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy is begun on 20 October 2021, with the final to be played on 12 November 2021.
Format
The 38 teams have been divided into five Elite groups, namely A, B, C, D, E, comprising six teams each, and one Plate group with eight teams. Each team will play a total of five league matches, regardless of the number of teams in the group, with all 38 teams playing the same number of matches. A total of 6 teams from the top ranked teams in each group (5 elites and 1 plate) will make it to the knockout stage, and the 2nd ranked teams from the 5 elite groups will join to make a total of 8 teams.
Current teams
The competition features all 38 Domestic Teams of India.
Andhra Pradesh
Arunachal Pradesh
Assam
Baroda
Bengal
Bihar
Chandigarh
Chhattisgarh
Delhi
Goa
Gujarat
Haryana
Himachal Pradesh
Hyderabad
Jammu and Kashmir
Jharkhand
Karnataka
Kerala
Madhya Pradesh
Maharashtra
Manipur
Meghalaya
Mizoram
Mumbai
Nagaland
Odisha
Puducherry
Punjab
Railways
Rajasthan
Saurashtra
Services
Sikkim
Tamil Nadu
Tripura
Uttar Pradesh
Uttarakhand
Vidarbha
Winners
Tournament records
Team Records
Highest team score
Lowest team score
Highest Individual score
See also
Deodhar Trophy
Duleep Trophy
Irani Cup
Ranji Trophy
Vijay Hazare Trophy
References
External links
Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2012-13
Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on SPORT195
Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2020-21 - Winner
Indian domestic cricket competitions
Professional sports leagues in India
1
Professional cricket leagues
Aviva Stadium (also known as Lansdowne Road) is a sports stadium located in Dublin, Ireland, with a capacity for 51,700 spectators (all seated). It is built on the site of the former Lansdowne Road Stadium, which was demolished in 2007, and replaced it as home to its chief tenants: the Irish rugby union team and the Republic of Ireland football team. The decision to redevelop the stadium came after plans for both Stadium Ireland and Eircom Park fell through. Aviva Group Ireland signed a 10-year deal for the naming rights in 2009.
The stadium, located beside Lansdowne Road railway station, officially opened on 14 May 2010. The stadium is Ireland's first, and only, UEFA Category 4 Stadium and in 2011, it hosted the Europa League final. It also hosted the inaugural Nations Cup, as well as the regular home fixtures of the national rugby team, national football team and some home fixtures for Leinster Rugby from August 2010 onwards.
Unlike its predecessor, which was solely owned by the Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU), the current stadium is controlled by the IRFU and the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) through a 50:50 joint venture known as the Lansdowne Road Stadium Development Company (LRSDC). The joint venture has a 60-year lease on the stadium; on expiry the stadium will return to the exclusive ownership of the IRFU.
History
The stadium was officially opened on 14 May 2010 by then Taoiseach Brian Cowen. In 2011, the stadium won a British Construction Industry Award.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, the Irish Army (operating under Operation Fortitude) used the stadium for testing from 14 May onwards, following the handover from the Naval Service (which had been conducting tests under Operation Fortitude at Sir John Rogerson's Quay until that time).
Rugby union
Internationals
The Ireland national rugby union team plays its home games at the stadium, as it did previously at Lansdowne Road, taking over from their temporary home, Croke Park, where games were played during Aviva's construction. Ireland's first international game was on 6 November 2010 against South Africa, with the Springboks winning 23–21. The game drew a crowd of 35,515, mainly due to a backlash by Ireland supporters over the IRFU's controversial ticketing strategy for the November Test series. Initially, the IRFU announced that tickets to the November Tests would only be sold as packages for all four matches. Later, it announced that the tickets would instead be split into two packages, with the South Africa Test bundled with the following week's match with Samoa for a minimum of €150, and the New Zealand and Argentina Tests bundled for a minimum of €190. single-game tickets were to be available only for the Samoa and Argentina Tests. On 1 November, the IRFU backed away from this plan amid heavy criticism from member clubs that had problems selling the packages in a difficult economy.
The first rugby union game at the Aviva was an exhibition game on 31 July 2010, billed as the O2 Challenge, involving under-18 and under-20 players from all four of Ireland's provincial sides, with a Leinster/Ulster side defeating a Munster/Connacht combination 68–0. As part of the run-up to the event, O2 ran a promotion which gave the winner the opportunity to attempt to score the ceremonial first points at the Aviva via a simulated conversion kick on the day before the match. The winner of the promotion, John Baker of Ennis, was successful. The first official points at the Aviva were scored by Ulster's Craig Gilroy with a try in the O2 Challenge.
Updated 19 March 2022
Club competition
The stadium also hosts some home games for Leinster when the RDS Arena's smaller capacity does not satisfy demand. Leinster won their opening home game in the Aviva against Munster 13–9, in the Celtic League (now United Rugby Championship) season, in front of a then record league attendance of 50,645. This league record was exceeded on 29 March 2014 when Leinster again beat Munster, 22–18, in front of 51,700 people.
Leinster won their first Heineken Cup game in the stadium 24–8, against Clermont Auvergne in a pool game during the 2010–11 season. During Leinster's successful run to the Heineken Cup title that season, they took their quarter-final and semi-final matches to the stadium, defeating Leicester Tigers and Toulouse respectively. Ulster took their 2012 Heineken Cup semi-final to the stadium as well, defeating Edinburgh.
The 2013 Heineken Cup Final took place in the stadium on 18 May 2013 where Toulon beat Clermont Auvergne 16–15. The Heineken Cup final had last been held in Dublin in 2003 when Toulouse beat Perpignan 22–17 at Lansdowne Road.
Updated 21 May 2022
Association football
The stadium also hosts the home games of the Republic of Ireland national football team, as did Lansdowne Road. The team had played most home games at Croke Park during the construction of the Aviva Stadium. The first soccer match in the Aviva Stadium was Manchester United against a League of Ireland XI side, managed by Damien Richardson, on 4 August 2010. Manchester United won the game 7–1, with Park Ji-Sung scoring the first ever goal in the Aviva Stadium. The first international game for Ireland in the Aviva Stadium was a 1–0 friendly loss against Argentina on 11 August 2010. The first competitive goal was scored by Kevin Kilbane in a Euro 2012 qualifying game on 7 September 2010 against Andorra.
Updated as of 27 September 2022.
FAI Cup Final
The Aviva has annually hosted the FAI Cup Final since 2010. While the Aviva Stadium was under construction the cup final hosting was shared between the RDS Arena and Tallaght Stadium. The first Cup Final at the new stadium was the 2010 FAI Cup Final, held on Sunday 14 November 2010. Sligo Rovers beat Shamrock Rovers 2–0 on penalties after the game finished 0–0 after extra time. A total of 36,101 attended the game making it the biggest attendance at an FAI Cup Final since 1968. A total of 37,126 spectators were in attendance for the 2021 final in which St. Patrick's defeated Bohemians F.C. on penalties.
2011 Nations Cup
The 2011 Nations Cup took place in the Aviva Stadium. The tournament featured national football teams from Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. In the opening round of fixtures the Republic of Ireland beat Wales 3–0 while Scotland beat Northern Ireland 3–0. The remaining four fixtures took place in May, with the Republic of Ireland winning the tournament after beating Scotland 1–0 on 29 May, with Keane scoring the only goal.
2011 Europa League Final
The 2011 UEFA Europa League Final between Portuguese sides Porto and Braga took place in the Aviva Stadium. Due to UEFA rules against corporate sponsorship outside the federation, the stadium was referred to as the "Dublin Arena" for this final, that ended with a 1–0 victory for Porto.
Dublin Super Cup
The Dublin Super Cup was a pre-season football tournament which was held at the Aviva. Celtic, Manchester City, Inter Milan and a League of Ireland XI competed in the 2011 edition, with Manchester City winning the tournament.
The 'Dublin Decider'
The 'Dublin Decider' was a game which took place on 10 August 2013. The match was played between Celtic and Liverpool, with both teams having large support in Ireland. Celtic won the match 1-0 thanks to a goal from Amido Balde.
There were talks ongoing about a return of the 'Dublin Decider' in the summer of 2014 with clubs such as Barcelona, Manchester United and Celtic being mentioned as potential visitors to the Aviva Stadium. It was confirmed in March 2016 that Celtic will face Barcelona in the stadium on 30 July 2016, however this is as part of the annual International Champions Cup pre-season tournament, and not any sort of independent 'Dublin Decider' fixture. Barcelona won the game 3–1.
Abandoned UEFA Euro 2020 hosting
On 19 September 2014, UEFA announced that the stadium would host four fixtures in the Euro 2020 finals tournament, three of which would be group games and, the fourth, a round of 16 match. Had Ireland qualified they would have been guaranteed two home group games. As Aviva was not a commercial partner of the Euro 2020 tournament, the stadium would have been referred to as the Dublin Arena throughout. However, the COVID-19 pandemic intervened and UEFA postponed the tournament until 2021 (though UEFA retained the tournament's original name). Restrictions still in force after the pandemic's Third Wave struck the Republic of Ireland, killing thousands in the early part of 2021, meant that Dublin and the Aviva Stadium were unable to fulfill their hosting duties to UEFA's satisfaction and, therefore, the stadium lost its Euro 2020 host rights. The announcement, which came on 23 April 2021, allocated Dublin's three group games to the Krestovsky Stadium in Saint Petersburg, Russia, and Dublin's originally scheduled last 16 tie to Wembley Stadium in London, England.
On 16 July 2021, the UEFA Executive Committee announced that due to the withdrawal of hosting rights for Euro 2020, the Aviva Stadium was given hosting rights for the 2024 UEFA Europa League Final. This was part of a settlement agreement by UEFA to recognise the efforts and financial investment made to host UEFA Euro 2020.
Other events
American football
On 1 September 2012, the stadium hosted an American college football game billed as the Emerald Isle Classic between the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and the Navy Midshipmen. Notre Dame won 50–10.
The 2016 Aer Lingus College Football Classic was announced as a matchup between the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets and the Boston College Eagles to be played on 3 September 2016. The result was a 17–14 win by the Yellow Jackets.
The Nebraska Cornhuskers and the Northwestern Wildcats kicked off their 2022 seasons at the Aviva Stadium with Northwestern winning 31–28. It was also confirmed that Notre Dame would once again play Navy in the Aer Lingus College Football Classic at the Aviva Stadium on 26 August 2023.
Concerts
Facilities
The stadium is a bowl shape with four tiers on three sides of the ground; the lower and upper tiers being for general access, the second and third levels feed the second tier for premium tickets and the fourth tier for corporate boxes. The northern end of the stadium, due to its proximity to local housing, incorporates only the lower tier of the bowl. This end of the stadium is to be the away stand for football internationals. There is one basement level and seven storeys of floors including ground level. The premium level holds 10,000 spectators, while the box level holds 1,300. The remaining 38,700 seats are shared between the top and bottom tiers. The capacity of the stadium was criticised even before its opening for being too small, particularly in light of the large supporter attendance figures for Irish rugby internationals and football internationals at Croke Park since 2007. The stadium's roof undulates in a wave-like manner so as to avoid blocking light to local residences.
In popular culture
The children's writer Gerard Siggins has based much of their 'Rugby Spirit' series in the Aviva Stadium. Their hero, Eoin Madden, is on a school tour to the ground when they meet Brian Hanrahan, a true-life figure who was the only man ever to die playing sport in Lansdowne Road. Hanrahan, a Lansdowne FC rugby player, died when a scrum collapsed during a Leinster Senior Cup game against Trinity in 1928.
The seven books so far published in the series feature frequent visits to the stadium for matches.
Transport connections
The stadium is served by public transport with Bus and DART. More remotely, it may also be reached, following by the Luas and on foot. The stadium is inaccessible by car on match days due to a 1 km car-free exclusion zone in operation.
See also
List of stadiums in Ireland
References
External links
Lansdowne Road Stadium Development Company
Aviva Stadium Buro Happold (engineers)
Aviva arrives BBC Sport, 14 May 2010 (photo gallery)
Dublin Arena open for business UEFA.com, 14 May 2010
Buildings and structures in Dublin (city)
Association football venues in the Republic of Ireland
Rugby union stadiums in Ireland
Ballsbridge
Ireland
Republic of Ireland national football team home stadiums
Ireland national rugby union team
Ringsend
Sports venues in Dublin (city)
Aviva
Association football venues in County Dublin
Sports venues completed in 2010
American football venues in the Republic of Ireland
Populous (company) buildings
2010 establishments in Ireland
Said Tarba (born 15 October 1968) is a former Georgian football player.
Personal life
Their son Zaur Tarba is a professional footballer as well.
References
1968 births
People from Gudauta
Footballers from Abkhazia
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Dinamo Sukhumi players
FC Dinamo Tbilisi players
Footballers from Georgia (country)
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Expatriate footballers from Georgia (country)
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
Association football defenders
The men's road race at the 2002 UCI Road World Championships was the 69th edition of the event. The race took place on Sunday 13 October 2002 based around the Circuit Zolder, Belgium. The race was won by Mario Cipollini of Italy.
Final classification
References
Men's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men's road race
Songs of Innocence is the debut English-language solo album by the Belgian Flemish singer Jasper Steverlinck, frontman of Arid. It was released in 2004 by PIAS Recordings, and it topped for five weeks the Belgian Album Chart (Flanders Region), and reached No. 48 in the Wallonia Region. The album include the previous year's single "Life On Mars?", an acoustic cover of the Davie Bowie song with the Kolacny brothers pianists, which had spent seven weeks at No.1 in Belgium in 2003.
Track list
"Sympathy" (3:39)
"Imaginary Love" (3:27)
"It Must Be Love" (3:40)
"Insensitive" (4:13)
"A Song for You" (4:54)
"We All Fall in Love Sometimes" (4:51)
"To Make You Feel My Love" (3:15)
"The River Knows" (3:25)
"Though You Are Far Away" (3:24)
"Life On Mars?" (4:02) (by David Bowie, arranged by Jasper Steverlinck with pianists Steven & Stijn Kolacny)
"Late Again" (3:05)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2004 albums
Ginggaew Lorsoungnern (; ) was a Thai woman executed in 1979 for conspiring in a kidnapping and murder plot. They were the second woman in Thai history to be executed by gunfire.
They had been fired from their housekeeping and childcare job by Vichai and Jitra Srijareonsukying, a Bangkok couple with a six-year-old son. Ginggaew needed money, so their 28-year-old boyfriend, who already had a criminal record, suggested holding the boy ransom. A total of six conspirators were identified by Thai authorities: aside from Ginggaew themselves they were Thongmuan Grogkoggraud, Pin Peungyard, Thongsuk Puvised (the spouse of Pin), Gasem Singhara, and Suthi Sridee.
On or around 18 October 1978, Ginggaew picked up the boy from school and took them to their hideout in Nakhon Ratchasima Province in Isan. The group demanded 200,000 baht from the family, who were instructed to find a flag between the Jantuek and Pakchong railway stations and deposit a bag holding the funds there. However, it was night and the parents failed to find the flag. The kidnappers stabbed the boy and then buried them alive. To avoid being haunted by the boy's spirit, they buried them with certain ritual Thai burial goods. According to authorities, Ginggaew attempted to stop the murder, but the attempt failed. Prison employee Chavoret Jaruboon stated that there were multiple lurid newspaper accounts of dubious veracity published around the time of the murder. In their memoir, Chavoret stated, "She was all over the news, like some kind of film star."
On 12 January 1979, Ginggaew was sentenced by the Prime Minister of Thailand to death by firing squad. They were initially incarcerated at Lard Yao Prison at Klong Prem Central Prison. On 13 January 1979, they were transferred to Bang Kwang Central Prison in Nonthaburi Province for execution. After the firing squad's volley, Ginggaew was transported to the morgue. Authorities initially believed they were dead, but alerted by their screams, they discovered them in the morgue attempting to stand up. Because of Ginggaew's situs inversus, none of the bullets had struck their heart. They were once again placed before the firing squad, and the second volley succeeded.
Gasem and Pin also received death sentences, while Thongmuan was sentenced to life imprisonment. Suthi and Thongsuk were each sentenced to 20 years in prison. Gasem was executed at Bang Kwang on the same day as Ginggaew. Pin also required two volleys of bullets before they died.
See also
List of botched executions
References
Ginggaew Lorsoungnern
Ginggaew Lorsoungnern
Ginggaew Lorsoungnern
Ginggaew Lorsoongnern
Ginggaew Lorsoungnern
People executed by firing squad
Ginggaew Lorsoungnern
People executed for murder
Stabbing attacks in 1979
1979 deaths
Year of birth missing
People convicted of kidnapping
Neaspilota wilsoni is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Neaspilota of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
United States.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1961
Diptera of North America
Winning may refer to:
Achieving victory ("to win")
Media
Winning (film), a 1969 movie starring Paul Newman
Winning (book), a 2005 management book by Jack Welch
Songs
"Winning" (song), by Russ Ballard, also covered by Santana in 1981
"Winning", a song by Chris Rea from Wired to the Moon
"Winning", a song by Emily Haines and the Soft Skeleton from Knives Don't Have Your Back
"Winning", a song by Gentle Giant from The Missing Piece
"Winning - A Song by Charlie Sheen", a song and viral video clip by The Gregory Brothers
People with surname
David Winning (born 1961), Canadian and American film director, producer, screenwriter
Thomas Winning (1925-2001), Scottish Roman Catholic cardinal
See also
Charlie Sheen, who used the word as a catch phrase
Win (disambiguation)
Winner (disambiguation)
Trioceros werneri, Wemer's chameleon or Wemer's three-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Tanzania.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 1899
Taxa named by Gustav Tornier
Reptiles of Tanzania
Yell County is a county in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,185. The county has two county seats, Dardanelle and Danville. Yell County is Arkansas's 42nd county, formed on December 5, 1840, from portions of Scott and Pope counties. It was named after Archibald Yell, who was the state's first member of the United States House of Representatives and the second governor of Arkansas. They died in combat at the Battle of Buena Vista during the Mexican–American War.
This is an alcohol prohibition or dry county. Yell County is part of the Russellville, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Native Americans first inhabited present-day Yell County and the Arkansas River Valley for thousands of years prior to European colonization. They used the open, fertile floodplain of the Arkansas River for hunting grounds and later farming settlements. During the Thomas Jefferson and Indian Removal era, many Cherokee were voluntarily relocating from Georgia along the Arkansas River, including in Yell County, between 1775 and 1786. A large Cherokee reservation across the Arkansas River from Yell County was established in 1815 to encourage further voluntary relocation from Georgia.
The area presently encompassed as Yell County was first settled by European settlers when James Carden built a house in 1819 among Cherokee farms in the Dardanelle Bottoms, at the confluence of the Arkansas and Petit Jean rivers. Lands south of the Arkansas River had been deeded to the Choctaw in the 1820s when they removed from their homelands east of the Mississippi River, but white settlement and Cherokee relocation continued apace into the 1820s. The peoples competed over the prime river-bottom lands. In 1822, the Council Oaks Treaty meeting was held under two large oak trees, reestablishing Cherokee title of north of the Arkansas River, which was previously granted to them in 1817 in exchange for their removing north of the river. The Cherokee who remained south of the river became known as the "Black Dutch", and largely assimilated.
In 1830, the United States Congress enacted the Indian Removal Act, leading to further, forcible Cherokee settlement from the Southeast into the Arkansas River Valley. Cherokee, Muskogee (Creek), and Seminole were forcibly removed along the Trail of Tears through Yell County to Indian Territory (present-day Oklahoma).
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.0%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Pope County (north)
Conway County (northeast)
Perry County (east)
Garland County (southeast)
Montgomery County (south)
Scott County (west)
Logan County (northwest)
National protected areas
Holla Bend National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Ouachita National Forest (part)
Ozark National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 20,263 people, 7,503 households, and 5,542 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 21,139 people, 7,922 households, and 5,814 families residing in the county. The population density was 23 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 9,157 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.63% White, 1.47% Black or African American, 0.58% Native American, 0.69% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 8.99% from other races, and 1.62% from two or more races. 12.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 12.00% reported speaking Spanish at home.
There were 7,922 households, out of which 33.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.50% were married couples living together, 10.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.60% were non-families. 23.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 28.30% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64, and 15.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,916, and the median income for a family was $33,409. Males had a median income of $23,172 versus $18,148 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,383. About 11.70% of families and 15.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.20% of those under age 18 and 12.80% of those age 65 or over.
Human resources
Public safety
The Yell County Sheriff's Office is the primary law enforcement agency in the county. The agency is led by the Yell County Sheriff, an official elected by countywide vote every four years. Police departments in Dardanelle, Danville, and Ola provide law enforcement in their respective jurisdictions, with Bellville, Havana, and Plainview contracting with the Sheriff's Office for law enforcement services.
The current sheriff of Yell County is Heath Tate. Tate was appointed by the Yell County Quorum Court in March of 2022 and began their appointment April 1, 2022.
The chief officer of the law in Yell County, as in all Arkansas counties, is the sheriff.
Culture and contemporary life
Yell County has several historical homes, structures, and monuments dedicated to preserving the history and culture of the area. The Dardanelle Commercial Historic District preserves the historic commercial hub of Yell County along the Arkansas River. The Mt. Nebo State Park Cabins Historic District preserves ten cabins built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s. The county also has seven homes, three churches, and two bridges listed on the NRHP.
Upon settlement, Yell County's varied topography created a stratified society, splitting settlers between the more fertile and productive farms of the "lowlands" and the subsistence farming of the steep and less-productive mountain soil of the "uplands". A planter class emerged in the lowlands, and as Dardanelle evolved into a cohesive community, the large landowners moved to town and managed their landholdings from stately homes, similar to the model seen in the Arkansas Delta and the Mississippi Delta. This left the lowlands inhabited largely by poor sharecroppers and tenant farmers, who largely shared economic fortunes with the small farms in the uplands, shifting the "upland/lowland" split to a "town-country" divide based largely on economics.
As mechanization and society evolved and Arkansas became less of a frontier, a wealthy upper class emerged in Dardanelle that came to wield societal, political, and economic power in the county. This society remained relatively closed, with separate social events and often summering on Mount Nebo with other wealthy Arkansans visiting to enjoy the cool mountain breezes. With little of the industrialization that defined the Gilded Age in the Northeast and Midwest, Yell County instead retained an adjusted Old South economic model based on agriculture but adapted to a post-Reconstruction reality.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas Code. The quorum court is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are called justices of the peace and are elected from county districts every even-numbered year. The number of districts in a county vary from nine to fifteen, and district boundaries are drawn by the county election commission. The Yell County Quorum Court has eleven members. Presiding over quorum court meetings is the county judge, who serves as the chief operating officer of the county. The county judge is elected at-large and does not vote in quorum court business, although capable of vetoing quorum court decisions. Though Yell County has two county seats, the constitutional officers are not duplicated, with duties split between the two courthouses.
Politics
Over the past few election cycles Yell county has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democratic presidential candidate (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Education
Public education
Early childhood, elementary and secondary education within Yell County is provided by four public school districts:
Danville School District
Dardanelle School District
Two Rivers School District—formed in 2004 by the consolidation of the former Fourche Valley School District, Ola School District, Perry–Casa School District, and Plainview–Rover School District.
Western Yell County School District—formed in 1985 by the consolidation of the former Belleville School District and Havana School District.
Dissolved school districts
Fourche Valley School District
Ola School District
Perry–Casa School District
Plainview-Rover School District
Havana School District
Belleville School District
Carden Bottoms School District
Public libraries
The Arkansas River Valley Regional Library System, is headquartered in Dardanelle and serves multiple counties and consists of one central library and six branch libraries, including the Yell County Library, a branch library in Danville.
Communities
Cities
Belleville
Danville (county seat)
Dardanelle (county seat)
Havana
Ola
Plainview
Towns
Corinth
Census-designated places
Centerville
Rover
Unincorporated communities
Alpha
Aly
Ard
Bluffton
Briggsville
Chickalah
Goodie Gorn Creek
Gravelly
Mount George
New Neely
Oynx
Pleasant Hill
Shark
Sulphur Springs
Wing
Townships
Birta
Bluffton
Briggsville
Centerville
Chula
Compton
Crawford
Danville (Corinth, Danville)
Dardanelle (Dardanelle)
Dutch Creek
Ferguson (Belleville)
Galla Rock
Gilkey
Gravelly Hill
Herring
Ions Creek
Lamar (Plainview)
Magazine
Mason
Mountain
Prairie
Richland
Riley (Havana)
Rover
Sulphur Springs
Ward (Ola)
Waveland
Infrastructure
Major highways
Highway 7
Highway 10
Highway 27
Highway 28
Highway 60
Highway 80
Highway 154
Notable people
Ray R. Allen (1920–2010), public official in Alexandria, Louisiana, was born in Yell County.
John Daly, professional golfer
Arthur Hunnicutt, Academy Award-nominated Western Actor
Kelly Ring, WTVT news anchor
Johnny Sain, Major League Baseball player
William L. Spicer, Republican state chairperson, 1962–1964, was born in Yell County, but owned a chain of drive-in theaters in Fort Smith.
Cousins Jim Walkup (left-handed pitcher), and Jim Walkup (right-handed pitcher), MLB pitchers
James Lee Witt, former FEMA Director
Henry C. Bruton, Rear Admiral in the United States Navy, born in Belleville, Arkansas in 1905
Jacob Lofland, American actor
Timothy Balarabe, jazz musician.
Trivia
In the novel (and two movies) True Grit, the hero Mattie Ross is from near Dardanelle in Yell County.
First Sergeant William Ellis of the 3rd Wisconsin Cavalry, was awarded the Medal of Honor for their valor and bravery above and beyond the call of duty at Dardanelle. At 10 a.m. on January 14, 1865, approximately 1,500 Confederates attacked the Union forces entrenched on the outskirts of the town and a fierce four-hour battle was waged. In the end Confederate Colonel William H. Brooks was unable to overcome the Union defenders of the town and was forced to retreat. It was during this battle that Ellis held their position even after receiving three wounds and would not withdraw for medical attention until they received a fourth wound and was ordered to retire by their commanding officer.
See also
List of lakes in Yell County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Yell County, Arkansas
References
External links
Yell County official website
Yell County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1840 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1840
Russellville, Arkansas micropolitan area
Supernova is the second full-length album by British rock duo Nova Twins, released 17 June 2022 by Marshall Records. The album peaked at No. 14 and No. 27 on the Scottish and UK album charts, respectively, and was nominated for the 2022 Mercury Prize.
Background
The album's impending release was announced in February 2022, with the songs "Antagonist", "K.M.B.", "Cleopatra", "Puzzles" and "Choose Your Fighter" issued as singles to preview the album. The album's lyrics are inspired by Nova Twins' experiences playing live before increasingly diverse audiences, after a long layoff from touring during the COVID-19 pandemic, which was particularly challenging because their previous album Who Are the Girls? was beginning to attract critical notice just before the onset of the pandemic. The album is also inspired by the racial justice developments of the period. As described by the band: "making this album became our medicine through a turbulent time. It's a reflection of where we were and how far we have come, encased in a fantasy world that we imagined."
Critical reception
The album received largely positive reviews upon its release. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, it received an average score of 92, based on 10 reviews indicating "Universal acclaim". The Guardian praised the album's "sharp, concise songwriting [that] makes for a mindblowing blast of distorted noise-pop – and destroys the narrative about who gets to make rock music." Many reviewers noted the Nova Twins' blending of disparate genres, with Distorted Sound proclaiming that the album "show[s] that genre is worthless." NME called the album "More dynamic, more experimental and with far more range than what's come before." Consequence reached a similar conclusion, stating that "Nova Twins bend and blend genres like alchemists, generating a sound specific to them and the undertones of their social movement."
The Forty Five called the album "a triumph" that "should make Nova Twins an unignorable force from hereon in." The Line of Best Fit praised the band for "marry[ing] politically charged lyricism with a searing amalgamation of genres, producing an album that practically begs to be experienced in a full-throttle live setting." In its review of the album, Ghost Cult magazine concluded that "Nova Twins are rising as torchbearers for the future of rock music, flawlessly executing elements no one would've ever expected to hear from the style ten years ago."
Track listing
Personnel
Nova Twins
Amy Love – guitar, lead vocals
Georgia South – bass, backing vocals, drum programming
Additional personnel
Jake Woodward - drums (tracks 1, 2, 6, 8, 11)
George MacDonald - drums (tracks 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10)
Gerard Roberts - additional drum programming (tracks 3, 4, 5)
Romesh Dodangoda - additional programming (tracks 8, 9, 10)
Charts
References
2022 albums
Sesuatu yang Indah (Something Beautiful) is a 1976 Indonesian drama film directed and written by Wim Umboh. It stars Yatie Octavia, Sophan Sophiaan, Robby Sugara, WD Mochtar and Marini.
References
1976 films
Indonesian drama films
1976 drama films
Films directed by Wim Umboh
Julia Bascom is an American autism rights activist.  They are the current Executive Director of the Autistic Self Advocacy Network (ASAN) and replaced Ari Ne'eman as president of ASAN in early 2017.
Advocacy work
Bascom previously worked on the New Hampshire State Developmental Disabilities Council. They also serve on the boards of Advance CLASS, Inc. and the Centene National Advisory Council on Disability. They were the Deputy Executive Director of ASAN, and replaced Ari Ne'eman as president of ASAN in 2017.
Bascom was one of the experts consulted to create an autistic character, Julia, for the children's show Sesame Street.
As an advocate, Bascom stresses the importance of letting autistic people speak for themselves on issues that relate to their health, rights and well-being. They state that it is important to recognize that autistic people are different and that there "is nothing wrong with us". On April 2, 2018, Bascom addressed the "state of women and girls with autism" at the United Nations.
Loud Hands Project
Bascom organized and founded the Loud Hands project. Loud Hands was designed to be a "transmedia project", that is, one that uses "multiple forms of content--written words, videos, visual art, the internet, and more". The project was launched in December 2011 as crowdfunding campaign to create an anthology of essays written by autistic people. The resulting anthology, Loud Hands: Autistic People, Speaking, was described as "groundbreaking" in Steve Silberman's NeuroTribes. The project has put together over 20 years of culture, history and writing by and about autistic people.
Bibliography
Loud Hands: Autistic People, Speaking (8 December 2012) (editor)
And Straight on Till Morning: Essays on Autism Acceptance (28 March 2013) (editor)
The Obsessive Joy of Autism (21 May 2015)
References
Autism activists
Disability rights activists from the United States
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The International Telecommunications Satellite Organization (ITSO) is an intergovernmental organization charged with overseeing the public service obligations of Intelsat, which was privatized in 2001.
It incorporates the principle set forth in Resolution 1721 (XVI) of United Nations General Assembly, which expresses "All nations should have access to satellite communications".
The landmark headquarters of this organization was located in Washington D.C., United States.
As of June 2013, there are 149 states that are members of ITSO. States join ITSO by ratifying a multilateral treaty known as the Agreement relating to the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization.
Bulgaria ratified the treaty in 1996 but denounced it and withdrew from the organization in 2012.
Satellite Fleet
References
External links
Intelsat
International telecommunications
Intergovernmental organizations established by treaty
The women's curling tournament of the 2018 Winter Olympics was held between 14 and 25 February 2018 at the Gangneung Curling Centre. Ten nations competed in a round robin preliminary round, and the top four nations at the conclusion of the round robin qualified for the medal round.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Round robin results
All draw times are listed in Seoul Time (UTC+09:00).
Summary
Draw 1
Wednesday, 14 February, 14:05
Draw 2
Thursday, 15 February, 09:05
Draw 3
Thursday, 15 February, 20:05
Draw 4
Friday, 16 February, 14:05
Draw 5
Saturday, 17 February, 09:05
Draw 6
Saturday, 17 February, 20:05
Draw 7
Sunday, 18 February, 14:05
Draw 8
Monday, 19 February, 09:05
Draw 9
Monday, 19 February, 20:05
Draw 10
Tuesday, 20 February, 14:05
Draw 11
Wednesday, 21 February, 09:05
Draw 12
Wednesday, 21 February, 20:05
Playoffs
Semifinals
Friday, 23 February, 20:05
Bronze medal game
Saturday, 24 February, 20:05
Gold medal game
Sunday, 25 February, 9:05
Final standings
The final standings are:
Statistics
Player percentages
Player percentages during round robin play are as follows:
Lead
Second
Third
Fourth
References
Curling at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Women's curling at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Women's events at the 2018 Winter Olympics
2018 in women's curling
Living Will is an American comedy film starring Ryan Dunn, Gerard Haitz and April Scott.
Cast
Ryan Dunn - Belcher
Gerard Haitz - Will
April Scott - Krista
Production
In 2011, the domestic distribution rights to the film were purchased by Lions Gate Entertainment. The studio had originally planned an October 2011 release for the film but after the death of Ryan Dunn on June 20, 2011, the studio announced that it no longer had any plans to release the film theatrically. The film was released direct-to-video on October 4, 2011.
External links
Official Website for the movie
2011 comedy films
2011 films
American comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Stepan Razin () is a 1939 Soviet drama film directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya.
Plot
Don Cossack Stepan Razin vowed to take revenge on the boyars for their tortured friends. Having headed the risen peasants, they become the leader of the whole army. From all over the Russian land flock to them humiliated and offended.
Cast
Andrei Abrikosov as Stepan Bazin
Vladimir Gardin as Kivrin
Elena Kondratyeva as Alyona, Razina
Pyotr Leontyev as Tsar Alexis of Russia
Ivan Pelttser as Grandfather Taras
Nina Zorskaya as Persian Princess
Mikhail Zharov as Lazunka
Sergey Martinson as Fyodor
References
External links
1939 films
1930s Russian-language films
Soviet black-and-white films
1930s historical drama films
Mosfilm films
Films set in the 17th century
Soviet historical drama films
The legislative districts of Taguig are the representations of the highly urbanized city of Taguig in the Congress of the Philippines. The city is currently represented in the lower house of the Congress through its lone congressional district.
History
Areas now under the jurisdiction of Taguig was initially represented as part of the at-large district of the province of Manila in the Malolos Congress from 1898 to 1899. The then-town was later incorporated to the province of Rizal, established in 1901, and was represented as part of the first district of Rizal from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972. During World War II, it was represented as part of the at-large district of Rizal in the National Assembly of the Second Philippine Republic from 1943 to 1944. Taguig was separated from Rizal on November 7, 1975 by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, and was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa along with other Metropolitan Manila municipalities and cities as part of Region IV from 1978 to 1984.
Taguig, still a municipality then, was grouped with Muntinlupa and Pateros to form a single parliamentary district which returned one representative to the Regular Batasang Pambansa in 1984. The municipality was grouped with Pateros again to form one congressional district under the new Constitution proclaimed on February 11, 1987; it elected its member to the restored House of Representatives starting that same year.
The western area of Taguig, coterminous with the Second Councilor District of Taguig (for the purpose of electing municipal, now city, council members), was separated from the congressional district of Pateros–Taguig by virtue of Republic Act No. 8487, the law which converted Taguig into a highly urbanized city. Despite being enacted by Congress on February 11, 1998, the said law only took effect on December 8, 2004 after the Commission on Elections issued a resolution confirming that the affirmative votes for cityhood prevailed in the ballot recount. This new district elected its first separate representative in 2007.
There remains an unresolved dispute over which city has jurisdiction over lands encompassed within the former Fort McKinley U.S. Military Reservation (now Fort Bonifacio and its surrounding areas). Portions of four of Taguig's barangays (Fort Bonifacio, Pinagsama, Western Bicutan, and Ususan) are claimed by the neighboring city of Makati as part of its own two barangays (Post Proper Northside and Post Proper Southside). Residents of areas where Taguig exercise de facto control vote as part of this congressional district except for areas under barangay Ususan (part of Taguig's 1st district), while residents of areas where Makati exercises de facto control vote as part of its second congressional district.
Current Districts
Historical districts
1987–2007
See also
Legislative district of Pateros–Taguig
References
Taguig
Taguig
Politics of Taguig
Nidfurn-Haslen railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Süd in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It takes its name from the nearby villages of Nidfurn and Haslen. The station is situated on the Weesen to Linthal railway line, and served by the hourly Zürich S-Bahn service S25 between Zurich and Linthal.
References
Nidfurn-Haslen
Nidfurn-Haslen
Interstate 293 (I-293) is an long loop surrounding Manchester, New Hampshire, USA roughly shaped like two sides of a triangle. Completing the loop in the northeast (the third side of the triangle) is Interstate 93. The southern portion of the loop shares the road with NH 101 and passes near Manchester-Boston Regional Airport and the Mall of New Hampshire. The western portion of the loop shares the road with the Everett Turnpike, but there are no tolls on this portion of the turnpike.
Route description
Interstate 293 begins at a directional T interchange in the southeast of Manchester, where NH 101 West leaves I-93. I-293 is signed as a north–south road, but along the section concurrent with NH 101, the road travels in an entirely westerly direction. Exits 1 and 2 provide access to the Mall of New Hampshire area and the Manchester-Boston Regional Airport respectively. After crossing the Merrimack River, I-293 enters the modified cloverleaf exit 3 interchange where I-293, NH 101, and the Everett Turnpike intersect. At exit 3, NH 101 leaves I-293 and continues west as a four-lane freeway to its junction with NH 114. I-293 makes a nearly 90-degree turn here, joining the Everett Turnpike and traveling north along the west bank of the Merrimack. The I-293/Everett Turnpike concurrency heads in to downtown Manchester, and is joined by NH 3A at exit 4. Exits 5 and 6 intersect local roads near bridges across the Merrimack, allowing travelers access to both east and west sides of Manchester. At exit 7, NH 3A leaves the concurrency, while I-293 and the Turnpike continue north to the end of I-293 at another interchange with I-93, just south of the Hooksett barrier toll plaza. From here I-93 and the Everett Turnpike are concurrent to the Turnpike's northern end in Concord.
As of June 16, 2008, the project to complete Exit 5 as a full interchange was complete. Drivers are now able to exit and enter Exit 5 both southbound and northbound. This exit is a single-point urban interchange (SPUI), the third in New Hampshire.
Like Interstate 393, the other auxiliary Interstate Highway in New Hampshire, I-293 is signed in concurrency with other routes along its entire length, and never runs alone other than on transition ramps between Route 101 and the Everett Turnpike. This is due to the I-293 designation having been added to already existing routes, Route 101 and the Everett Turnpike.
History
I-293 overlays portions of two earlier routes that were upgraded to provide the route an interstate designation. NH 101 was the main east-west route across southern New Hampshire, connecting Keene with (at the time) Portsmouth, and passed through southern Manchester. The Everett Turnpike was an early toll highway connecting the three cities of the Merrimack Valley, Nashua, Manchester, and Concord. When it was accepted into the Interstate Highway System, the short NH 101 freeway from I-93 to the Everett Turnpike was numbered I-193 from 1961-1977. When I-93 was completed in 1977, the Everett Turnpike from NH 101 to I-93 was added to the route and it was renumbered as I-293. The NH 101 to Everett Turnpike interchange was later rebuilt to provide a free-flowing transition between the two legs.
Exit list
References
93-2
93-2
293
Transportation in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire
Transportation in Merrimack County, New Hampshire
Çambeli is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Frutos María Martínez (born 21 January 1959) is a Spanish sculptor and painter. They live and works in Alicante, Spain.
Biography
Frutos María Martínez was born in Hontoria de Valdearados, in the province of Burgos, Spain. They began sculpting and painting from an early age, building their own toys and gimmicks, thus showcasing an artisting inclination and interest in manual tasks.
At the age of 10, they began selling their creations and decorative objects in their immediate circle. Later, at the age of 15 they became a student at the "La Sindical", a trade school in Aranda de Duero where they specialize in "Industrial Mastery" with emphasis on metallurgy.
In 1985, at the age of 36, Frutos moved with their family to Alicante, Valencia, where they met Juan Guardiola Gaya, an architect and plastic artist who became their mentor. Guardiola Gaya introduced Frutos to the circle of artists, galleries and exhibitions of Alicante.
Work
The artistic style and trajectory of Frutos María Martínez is marked by an environmental concern with a focus on the pollution and damage caused by discarded garbage in the ecosystems of the seas and oceans
"Many things are thrown into the sea that should not end up there, and we have to be aware that it is bad for wildlife, as well as humans. I make works of art out of rusty metal sheets and tarpaulins, for example."
This concern drives Frutos to collect materials such as wood, iron, stone, lead, cork, resins, sand and natural pigments from the coast of the Mediterranean Sea, which they use to create their works. They made their first collective exhibition in 2008, and since then they have carried out numerous collective and individual exhibitions, working with both sculpture and painting.
Awards
Frutos María is the author of the award handed to the winners of the "Importantes" Prize. It is a piece called "Armonía Vertical", or "Vertical Harmony" made of solid forged iron with a welded base, oxidation and patina finish.
Exhibits
Solo Exhibitions
Collective Exhibitions
Personal life
Frutos currently resides in Alicante with their wife of more than 20 years Ana, and their three children, Miguel, Paula and Julián.
References
1959 births
21st-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish painters
21st-century Spanish sculptors
20th-century Spanish sculptors
Living people
People from Alicante
People from Burgos
Wong Tai Sin District Recreation & Sports Council (, abbreviated as WTS DRSC, also known as Wong Tai Sin) is a football club which currently plays in the Hong Kong First Division League. It is operated by Wong Tai Sin District Council.
History
Founded in 1979, Wong Tai Sin joined the Third Division League in the 1980s. In 1990, due to the expansion of Second Division League, the club was being promoted to the second-tier division.
In their first Second Division season, the club placed second in the league table, meaning they had gained promotion to the First Division for the first time in club history. However, they refused to promote eventually, and remained in the Second Division.
The club was relegated to the Third Division after spending nine seasons in the second-tier division in the 1998–99 season, as they placed 10th out of eleven teams.
In the 2013–14 season, the club finished 2nd in the Hong Kong Second Division League and gained promotion to the newly established Hong Kong Premier League. This became the club's first-ever appearance in the top-flight league of Hong Kong.
In the 2015–16 season, the club was branded as Glory Sky Wong Tai Sin. However, the club was relegated from the HKPL after finishing 9th in the season.
WTS came close to winning the 2016–17 Hong Kong First Division title, coming within one point short of catching champions Sun Hei.
Honours
League
Hong Kong First Division
Runners-Up (1): 2016–17
Hong Kong Second Division
Runners-Up (1): 2013–14
Hong Kong Third Division
Champions (1): 2012–13
External links
Wong Tai Sin District Recreation & Sports Council official website
Wong Tai Sin District Recreation & Sports Council official facebook page
Hong Kong First Division League
Association football clubs established in 1979
1979 establishments in Hong Kong
Carol F. Karlsen (born 15 December 1940) is an American historian.
Career
They received their B.A. degree from the University of Maryland in 1970, them
M.A. degree from New York University in 1972, and their Ph.D. degree from Yale University in
1980.
Them books have received mostly positive reviews.
They were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1989.
Bibliography
Some of their books are:
The Devil in the Shape of a Woman: Witchcraft in Colonial New England
The Salem Witchcraft Trials: A History in Documents
The Journal of Esther Edwards Burr, 1754-1757
References
External links
21st-century American historians
1940 births
Living people
University System of Maryland alumni
New York University alumni
Yale University alumni
Tepeler, Ardahan is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
is a 2016 Japanese film directed by Yūki Yamato and based on the manga series of the same name by George Asakura. It stars Nana Komatsu, Masaki Suda, Daiki Shigeoka and Mone Kamishiraishi. It was released in Japan by on November 5, 2016.
Synopsis
Natsume Mochizuki (Nana Komatsu) is a beautiful teen idol working in Tokyo.  They are forced to give up their dream and move to their father's hometown of Ukigumo to help run their ailing Grandfathers Inn. There, they meet Koichiro Hasegawa (Masaki Suda), a young heir to a wealthy and deeply influential family, and for whom they will quickly start developing a romantic interest that will blossom in a tale of rough, passionate, and dangerous love.
The film calls to question sexuality, adult desires & roles assigned to members of society. The end considers what must occur when violence is used and the impact it has on others. Natsume, who everyone finds very beautiful, is often the desire of boys and men which makes their life dangerous.
Cast
Nana Komatsu as Natsume Mochizuki
Masaki Suda as Kōichirō Hasegawa
Daiki Shigeoka as Katsutoshi Ōtomo
Mone Kamishiraishi as Kana Matsunaga
Ryōhei Shima
Gōichi Mine
Ayumu Itō
Masami Horiuchi
Miwako Ichikawa as Meiko Mochizuki
Mickey Curtis
Production
Drowning Love was shot in Wakayama Prefecture. The Japanese band the Dress Codes were recruited for the movie's theme song, a rerecord of their song titled "Comic Generation".
Reception
Edmund Lee of South China Morning Post rated the film 2.5/5, saying that the emotions are captured in an "alternately ecstatic and frustrating" fashion, and criticizing the film's decision to anchor the central narrative around the sexual assault scene.
The Member of Parliament Robert-Falcon Ouellette, who viewed the film at the Japanese Embassy in Canada, said “it is a film which should be seen by high school students and discussed in class. The violence pushes questions about what is acceptable and unacceptable in society.”
References
External links
Japanese films
2010s Japanese films
Live-action films based on manga
Devon Rose is a non-binary American songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and blogger from Los Angeles, CA. Them music has been recommended by American Songwriter, Wonderland, The Line of Best Fit, Billboard, Wild Honey Pie and LADYGUNN.
Early life
Rose was born October 21, 1995, in Los Angeles, CA. They graduated from Crossroads School for Arts and Sciences in 2014. They graduated from the University of Southern California in 2018. Rose identifies as queer. They also cite Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey and Prince as inspirations.
Career
In 2012, Rose was picked to go to the GRAMMY Foundation's GRAMMY CAMP in New York to participate as a songwriter.
They appeared in the Samsung Level Music Lab with Halsey. They later opened for her, along with the BadSuns at the Shrine Expo Hall on a date of the Badlands Tour.
Rose has written for PopWrapped and was a Campus Editor-At-Large for the Huffington Post. In 2015, they appeared on the daytime talk show "The Doctors", after having written an open letter complaining about clothes not fitting.
In September 2021, Rose became the face of the color "GRAVEDIGGER," for Good Dye Young's latest campaign "METALHEADS."
Personal life
Devon came out as non-binary on the 12th of October 2021, their pronouns are she/they. On January 1, 2022 Devon revealed that they'd changed their name to Devon Rose.
References
1995 births
Living people
Non-binary musicians
American pop singers
American singer-songwriters
21st-century American singers
Operation Windsor was a Canadian attack, which was part of the Battle of Normandy during the Second World War. The attack was undertaken by the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division to take Carpiquet and the adjacent airfield, from troops of the of . The attack was originally intended to take place during the later stages of Operation Epsom, to protect the eastern flank of the main assault but was postponed for a week.
On 4 July, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade and an attached battalion of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division attacked Carpiquet, supported on the flanks by the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade. The village was captured by mid-afternoon but German resistance in the south defeated two attacks on the airfield, despite significant Allied tank and air support. Next day the Canadians repulsed German counter-attacks and held the village, which served as a base for Operation Charnwood, a Second Army attack on Caen, involving the rest of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division on 8 July and the airfield was captured by the Canadians on 9 July.
Background
Caen was an Operation Overlord goal for I Corps of the Anglo-Canadian Second Army, which landed forces on two Normandy beaches on 6 June 1944, to capture the city and the Carpiquet area. German resistance prevented the town from being captured on D-Day, a result considered possible by Lieutenant-General Miles Dempsey the Second Army commander. For the next three weeks, positional warfare took place around Caen as both sides attacked and counter-attacked for minor tactical advantage on the Anglo-Canadian front and as part of a strategic intent to force the Germans to keep their most powerful armoured units away from the US First Army, as it captured Cherbourg and then pushed southwards through the bocage towards St. Lô.
From the Second Army conducted Operation Epsom, with the VIII Corps which had recently arrived from Britain, to outflank Caen from the west and seize the high ground across the Orne near Bretteville-sur-Laize to the south. VIII Corps advanced through extensive field fortifications but the Germans were able to contain the offensive, after committing their last reserves. Depending on the success of VIII Corps, the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division and the 2nd Canadian Armoured Brigade were to capture the village and airfield of Carpiquet in Operation Ottawa, which was postponed.
After the Allied advance to the west of Caen, the SS Panzer Corps held positions to the north and west of the city. Field defences on the River Orne and the vicinity of Carpiquet, north-west of the Caen town centre, obstructed an advance toward Caen from the north. The village was made an objective of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division, under the command of Major-General R. F. L. Keller. The Allied need for additional airfields on the Normandy mainland, ensured that the capture of the Carpiquet area was a priority for the Allies and an equally important defensive position for the Germans.
Prelude
German defences
Carpiquet airfield was on a expanse of level ground, which offered a "killing ground" for the defenders. The airfield had been fortified with minefields, field gun and machine gun emplacements, manned by I Battalion, SS-Panzergrenadier Regiment 26, an anti-aircraft battery and fifteen tanks.
Allied forces
Keller selected the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade, comprising The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada (QOR), Le Régiment de la Chaudière and The North Shore (New Brunswick) Regiment; The Royal Winnipeg Rifles (RWR) were attached from the 7th Canadian Infantry Brigade to lead the assault. Tank and machine-gun support was to be provided by Canadian 10th Armoured Regiment (The Fort Garry Horse), The Sherbrooke Fusiliers and the Cameron Highlanders Support Battalion. Two squadrons of Hawker Typhoon fighter-bombers and three squadrons of specialized tanks from the British 79th Armoured Division were added later. On the evening of 3 July, the battleship bombarded the buildings around Carpiquet from the Bay of the Seine at range, with fifteen shells from its guns.
Operation Windsor was planned to commence at 05:00 on 4 July, following a bombardment by 21 artillery regiments, with Le Régiment de la Chaudière and The North Shore Regiment attacking Carpiquet, as a squadron of the Sherbrooke Fusiliers protected the northern flank with a diversionary attack on Franqueville. To the south, the RWR was to advance and seize the hangars of Carpiquet airfield. At the same time as the Canadian attack, the 43rd Division was to attack further south down the north side of the Odon to capture Verson. Once the regiments had captured Carpiquet, the QOR would push through and take control of the airfield control buildings. The capture of the airfield would enable further Anglo-Canadian attacks against Caen.
Battle
4 July
As dawn broke on 4 July the artillery regiments opened fire on German positions in and around Carpiquet, firing a creeping barrage wide and deep. At 05:00 two Canadian infantry battalions advanced on Carpiquet, while the Sherbrooke Fusilier squadron staged the diversion to the north. The Sherbooke Fusiliers broke through the German minefields and attacked Chateau-St-Louet and Gruchy before withdrawing but the defensive positions of SS Panzergrenadier Regiment 26 remained intact and continued to fire on the North Shores. In the centre, the Chaudières avoided much of the fire directed at the North Shores as they advanced on Carpiquet. By 06:32, both battalions had reached the outskirts of the village and met tanks of the 12th SS Panzer Division. In the village, a house-to-house fight began and tanks of the 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment assisted the infantry in overrunning German positions.
To the south, the RWR advanced slowly towards the airfield, with German mortar fire inflicting many casualties on the infantry and tanks. With a squadron of the Fort Garry Horse only available for indirect fire, it took the RWR ninety minutes to advance the from Marcelet to the airfield hangars, under fire from the south bank of the Odon. Several Sherman tanks were knocked out and by mid-day the RWR were forced to withdraw halfway to their original positions.
Unaware that the RWR had failed to gain control of the airfield, Keller sent the QOR to begin the second phase of the assault. The battalion moved forward into Carpiquet village, which was occupied by the Chaudières and The North Shore, who attacked German strong points bypassed in the initial assault. Infantry attacks, flame-throwers, petard-tanks (Churchill tanks mounted with a spigot mortar) and the immolation of one strong point forced twelve surviving defenders to surrender; the remaining garrison surrendered after determined resistance. The QOR reached the edge of Carpiquet as the RWR withdrew and was ordered to hold their positions until the RWR reorganized for a second attack.
For the second attack on the airfield, Keller obtained the support of two squadrons of Typhoon fighter-bombers. The survivors of the RWR were ordered to "execute a sweeping attack by the lower ground around the enemy's left flank", with tank and artillery support, under the impression that the 43rd Division had reached Verson, although this position could not prevent a counter-attack from the south-east. In the late afternoon, the RWR resumed the attack on the airfield and reached the hangars but were unable to dislodge the German defenders. The Fort Garry tanks encountered a battlegroup of Panther tanks and was overwhelmed, the RWR was ordered to withdraw to their start-line under the cover of darkness. In Carpiquet, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade rapidly consolidated its positions, which were the closest to Caen of any Allied unit. Although the Canadians had control of Carpiquet and the northern hangars, the southern hangars and control buildings remained in German hands.
5 July
Less than from the outskirts of Caen, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade posed a threat to German positions in the town. With most of the defence concentrated north of Caen and by the River Odon, it was feared that Anglo-Canadian forces could attack from Carpiquet and bypass the majority of the defences. Despite growing misgivings about the effectiveness of immediate counter-attacks, Kurt Meyer ordered the SS to retake Carpiquet. Units from the prepared to counter-attack Carpiquet from Francqueville with tanks, artillery, mortars and infantry.
Shortly after midnight, the first of the SS counter-attacks began and although thirteen tanks had been lost the previous day, the 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment and the mortars of the Cameron Highlanders, defeated the attack and inflicted many casualties. By dawn, almost no ground had been gained by the attackers and by noon, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade and 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment had defeated three counter-attacks, with the assistance of artillery and Typhoon fighter-bombers. The village remained firmly in Canadian occupation, although subject to frequent Nebelwerfer and mortar bombardment.
Aftermath
Analysis
Windsor was the first set-piece attack by the 3rd Canadian Division and left the Germans in control of Carpiquet airport, which obliged the 43rd Division to retire from Verson and Fontaine-Etoupefour. In 2005, Reid wrote that the attack should have been made by two brigades rather than one and an extra battalion. The attached battalion managed to reach the hangars and fight their way through them but were ordered to withdraw twice. The success of the Germans defenders in maintaining their hold on the airfield, except for the north end and Carpiquet village, left the Canadians in a salient which was counter-attacked several times. The failure of the brigade to reach all its objectives, led to doubts about the fitness of Keller for their command, although the preparations for Operation Charnwood might have been the reason for Keller delegating planning for Operation Windsor to the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade commander, Brigadier K. G. Blackader.
Three days after Operation Windsor, the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division took part in Operation Charnwood. On 9 July, the 8th Canadian Infantry Brigade captured Carpiquet airfield and by nightfall, the northern half of Caen had been captured. On 18 July British and Canadian forces launched Operation Atlantic and Operation Goodwood in which the Canadians captured the Caen districts on the south bank and the British captured ground to the east and south of the city. Canadian forces then attacked German positions on Verrières Ridge in Operation Spring.
Casualties
Canadian casualties for the operation totalled of which were killed, most on 4 July. The RWR and The North Shores each lost The 10th Canadian Armoured Regiment lost and an unknown number of tanks were lost by the Sherbrooke Fusiliers. The Battalion, had casualties and the , which counter-attacked on 5 July, lost II Battalion, had
Citations
References
Further reading
External links
HQ 8 Cdn Inf Bde, Operation Windsor
12th SS-Panzer Division in Normandy
Conflicts in 1944
1944 in France
Battle for Caen
Battles of World War II involving Canada
Military history of Canada during World War II
Battles of World War II involving Germany
World War II operations and battles of Europe
Naval battles and operations of World War II involving the United Kingdom
July 1944 events
Canada–Germany relations
Cyprus competed at the 2001 Mediterranean Games held in Tunis, Tunisia.
Medals by sport
List of Medalists
References
2001 Mediterranean Games Official Results
Nations at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
Cyprus at the Mediterranean Games
2001 in Cypriot sport
Daniel Perez (born August 8, 1993), professionally known as Bugz Ronin, is a Latin-American record producer and songwriter.  They are best known for producing on Yung Bans debut studio album "Misunderstood" and Lil Uzi Vert's second studio album Eternal Atake, as well as several other prominent artists. They initially rose to prominence online by producing a slew of unreleased tracks at the time with Lil Uzi Vert.  They are currently signed to Sony/ATV Music Publishing in a publishing deal.
Early life
Daniel Perez was born on August 8, 1993, in Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania, where they also grew up and learned how to produce beats.
Career
Ronin had been producing for several years before they met the manager of American rapper Lil Uzi Vert in 2016. They began sending music to their team over the next couple years. Many of these tracks were either released on SoundCloud or leaked. In 2019, Ronin would produce three tracks on Yung Bans debut studio album "Misunderstood". In 2020, Bugz's production would later be heavily featured on Lil Uzi Vert second studio album Eternal Atake.
Eternal Atake was a commercial success, debuting atop the US Billboard 200 with 288,000 album-equivalent units (including 9,000 pure album sales). The album earned more than 400 million US streams in its first week. This was Lil Uzi Vert's second US number-one album and remained number one on the Billboard 200 in its second week with 247,000 album-equivalent units. In that same week, Ronin signed with Sony/ATV Music Publishing.
Discography
Credits derived from AllMusic and Genius
References
1994 births
Living people
Record producers from Pennsylvania
People from Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania
Tarzan on the Planet of the Apes is a 2016 comic book miniseries combining the Tarzan and Planet of the Apes media franchises.
Plot
In an alternate take on Escape from the Planet of the Apes where Cornelius, Zira and Dr. Milo travel to late-1800s Africa instead of the 1970s, the apes become the leaders of the Mangani and Caesar and Tarzan are raised as brothers. However, as Tarzan grows up and humans arrive in the jungle, they are separated by slave traders. Eventually they reunite when the war between man and ape takes them from the jungles of Africa to the inner earth realm of Pellucidar.
Reception
The series has gained mostly positive critical reviews.
See also
Tarzan in comics
Planet of the Apes (comics)
References
2016 comics debuts
Intercompany crossovers
Planet of the Apes
Dark Horse Comics titles
Works based on Tarzan
Boom! Studio titles
Eurhinus is a genus of beetles. The genus was first described by Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger in 1808
Taxonomy
Eurhinus contains the following species:
Eurhinus aeruginosa
Eurhinus atritarsis
Eurhinus aureus
Eurhinus cavilobus
Eurhinus convexa
Eurhinus cupratus
Eurhinus cupripes
Eurhinus festivus
Eurhinus flaturarius
Eurhinus magnificus
Eurhinus occultus
Eurhinus viridicolor
Eurhinus viridipes
Eurhinus viridis
Eurhinus yucatecus
References
Taxa named by Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger
Weevils
Weevil genera
Alexander Maul (born 24 September 1976) is a German footballer.  They are a midfielder who plays currently for SV Seligenporten.
References
External links
Alexander Maul at kicker.de
FCC Supporter Bio
1976 births
Living people
People from Ansbach (district)
Sportspeople from Middle Franconia
German footballers
Association football midfielders
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
SSV Jahn Regensburg players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
Footballers from Bavaria
The men's 200 metres event at the Friendship Games was held on 18 August 1984 at the Grand Arena of the Central Lenin Stadium in Moscow, Soviet Union.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
Wind: -1.2 m/s
See also
Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's 200 metres
References
Athletics at the Friendship Games
Friendship Games
Scott Simpson (born 21 July 1979) is a Welsh pole vaulter.
Born in Bath, England, they finished sixth at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Their personal best jump is 5.41 metres, achieved in 2006. They have 5.42 metres on the indoor track, achieved in March 2007 in Sheffield.
 They are the head coach of Welsh Athletics and also the coach of British pole vaulter Holly Bradshaw.
References
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bath, Somerset
Welsh pole vaulters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
British male pole vaulters
Commonwealth Games competitors for Wales
WYMS is a non-commercial radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, broadcasting on 88.9 FM. The station currently airs an eclectic adult album alternative music format, branded as "88Nine Radio Milwaukee". The station's license is owned by Milwaukee Public Schools, though it is managed and programmed by an outside group, also named Radio Milwaukee. In addition, WYMS airs weekly school board meetings on the over-the-air signal as a condition of MPS leasing the signal to Radio Milwaukee. The station broadcast in the HD Radio (digital hybrid) format, with its second subchannel carrying a locally-based automated AAA format.
WYMS transmits from the WITI TV Tower in Shorewood and has their studios at 220 E. Pittsburgh Avenue in the Walker's Point area, with backup facilities maintained at the former main studios in the MPS administration building on W. Vliet Street in the Washington Park neighborhood. The Vliet studios continue to be maintained for school board meetings and for FCC correspondence, which remains under the purview of MPS. The public radio station announced its purchase of the new studio facility in March 2013. It includes four recording studios, among other amenities. The move was completed in August 2013, with the station's first music awards ceremony held in the winter of 2013.
History
Initially, WYMS ran mainstream jazz as "Jazz 89" with various ethnic programming (particularly Polka music) on the weekends, along with the standard high school radio programming and training intended by the operation of a school district radio station.
In the spring of 2002, Milwaukee Public Schools had a budget shortfall and the station's operations were handed over to WUWM at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. For a short period, WYMS simulcasted WUWM's programming before switching over to syndicated mainstream jazz music after listener criticism of the duplicative programming. MPS soon offered the rights to an interest non-profit to take over WYMS's operations, with Radio Milwaukee eventually being approved by the MPS board to operate and program the station.
Under management of Radio Milwaukee, the station planned to introduce an eclectic contemporary music format. After many delays and target sign-on dates, the station dropped the automated jazz programming and began stunting on February 23, 2007. The new format officially debuted on February 26, with on-air personalities first appearing on March 5.
In May 2010 the station picked up World Cafe from WUWM after that station considered the program's music direction out of format.
In May 2016 88Nine Radio Milwaukee welcomed Glenn Kleiman as executive director. January 2019 saw WYMS officially join NPR as a member station.
On August 11, 2022, WYMS partnered with Super Hi Fi to launch an online radio station called "Rhythm Lab Radio".
References
External links
88Nine Radio Milwaukee (WYMS)
"WYMS-FM deal nearly complete"
"WYMS-FM seeks this..."
"The struggle for Radio Station WYMS"
"Musicians to program Milwaukee non-comm"
YMS
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Public broadcasting in Wisconsin
NPR member stations
Radio stations established in 1973
1973 establishments in Wisconsin
Baltalı is a village in the District of Çıldır, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çıldır District
Falkner's Circle was a stone circle near the village of Avebury in the south-western English county of Wiltshire. Built from twelve sarsen megaliths, it measured about in diameter, although only one of these stones remains standing. The ring was part of a tradition of stone circle construction that spread throughout much of Britain, Ireland, and Brittany during the Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age, over a period between 3300 and 900 BCE. The purpose of such monuments is unknown, although archaeologists speculate that the stones represented supernatural entities for the circle's builders.
Positioned in a dry valley, the circle was erected on the southern end of a field that contained a range of natural sarsens. It is possible that the megaliths were erected very close to where they were naturally found. The site had previously seen human activity in the Mesolithic period and may have been symbolically meaningful for local communities for a long time before the circle was created. The ring was located close to other Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age monuments, such as the West Kennet Avenue and Avebury stone circle, although its precise relationship to This is unclear. Extensive flint knapping took place at the site during the Late Neolithic or Early Bronze Age.
Archaeological evidence indicates that in the Iron Age, a hearth was placed on the site, and in the post-medieval period a number of the stones were toppled and destroyed through burning. Most of the stones in the circle were lying prone on the ground by the seventeenth century, which might explain why it was left undiscovered by antiquarians exploring the area in that period, like John Aubrey and William Stukeley. The earliest known report of the site came from a Mr Falkner, who discovered it in 1840 while riding in the area. Due to the intensification of agriculture, all the prone stones were removed—thus destroying the circle—in either the late nineteenth or twentieth century. The site was excavated in 2002 in an archaeological project led by Mark Gillings and Joshua Pollard.
Location
Falkner's Circle is located 750m south-east of Avebury, at the bottom of a dry valley that runs from Avebury to West Kennett. The archaeologist Aubrey Burl described Falkner's Circle as being "very close" to the Avebury henge and stone circle monument. It thus forms part of the "Stonehenge, Avebury and Associated Sites" UNESCO World Heritage Site. The remaining stone from the circle is also a Scheduled Ancient Monument under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979.
Context
While the transition from the Early Neolithic to the Late Neolithic in the fourth and third millennia BCE saw much economic and technological continuity, there was a considerable change in the style of monuments erected, particularly in what is now southern and eastern England. By 3000 BCE, the long barrows, causewayed enclosures, and cursuses that had predominated in the Early Neolithic were no longer built, and had been replaced by circular monuments of various kinds. These include earthen henges, timber circles, and stone circles. Stone circles are found in most areas of Britain where stone is available, with the exception of the island's south-eastern corner. They are most densely concentrated in south-western Britain and on the north-eastern horn of Scotland, near Aberdeen. The tradition of their construction may have lasted for 2,400 years, from 3300 to 900 BCE, with the major phase of building taking place between 3000 and 1,300 BCE.
These stone circles typically show very little evidence of human visitation during the period immediately following their creation. This suggests that they were not sites used for rituals that left archaeologically visible evidence, but may have been deliberately left as "silent and empty monuments". The archaeologist Mike Parker Pearson suggests that in Neolithic Britain, stone was associated with the dead, and wood with the living. Other archaeologists have suggested that the stone might not represent ancestors, but rather other supernatural entities, such as deities.
In the area of modern Wiltshire, various stone circles were erected, the best known of which are Avebury and Stonehenge. All of the other examples are ruined, and in some cases have been destroyed. As Burl noted, these examples have left behind "only frustrating descriptions and vague positions". Most of the known Wiltshire examples were erected on low-lying positions in the landscape. There are four smaller stone circles known from the area surrounding Avebury: The Sanctuary on Overton Hill, Winterbourne Bassett Stone Circle, Clatford Stone Circle, and Falkner's Circle. Archaeologists initially suggested that a fifth example could be seen at Langdean Bottom near the village of West Overton, although further investigation has reinterpreted this as evidence for a late prehistoric hut circle or a medieval feature. Burl suggested that these smaller circles related to Avebury in a manner akin to "village churches within the diocese of a cathedral".
Description
Falkner's Circle consisted of twelve stones with a diameter of 36.6m. Only one of these now survives, the others having been destroyed due to the twentieth-century expansion of intensive farming in the local area. This solitary stone has been incorporated into a hedge line located 250m east of the West Kennet Avenue. The surviving standing stone measures 1.28m high from ground level, with a maximum basal width of 2.10m. It is likely to stretch for at least another 0.5m below the ground surface, meaning that the stone is probably 2m in total length. Its long axis is aligned on an east to west direction. The stone is covered in extensive lichen growth and the top has several natural depressions.
The grey sarsen stones used at Falkner's Circle were of the same type used in the Avebury stone circle and in the two Avenues (West Kennet and Beckhampton) connected to it. Falkner's Circle is located at the southern end of a natural scatter of sarsen stones; this scatter was recorded by the antiquarian William Stukeley in the eighteenth century, although they were later removed by farmers. Because of this location on the edge of the sarsen scatter, the archaeologist Mark Gillings and their team proposed that the circle's builders may have understood this as a "liminal" space that was worthy of monumentalisation. If this is the case, Gillings et al. argued, Falkner's Circle might have constituted "a monument to stones as opposed to one for people". It is possible that Falkner's Circle was created by erecting stones in the location where they were naturally found. In this scenario, Gillings et al. noted, it might have represented a "hybrid construction" that blurred the division between "nature" and "culture".
Excavations carried out at the site in 2002 revealed several worked flints of Mesolithic ("Middle Stone Age") type at the site, including one microlith and a broken tranchet axe. Gillings et al. suggested that these Mesolithic flints, which are uncommon in the region, may indicate that this specific location had "an enduring historical/mythological significance" for people from the Mesolithic right through to the Neolithic.
Falkner's Circle shares various characteristics with the Clatford Stone Circle in that both contained comparatively few stones, were located in valleys, and had a diameter akin to that of the outer ring of The Sanctuary. Unlike The Sanctuary, Falkner's Circle did not consist of a timber circle later replaced by a stone one. The relationship between Falkner's Circle and other aspects of the built prehistoric landscape around Avebury is not clear. Although it is inter-visible with a large stretch of the West Kennet Avenue, it does not directly connect to the latter. From Falkner's Circle, it is not possible to see the Avebury henge and stone circles, due to the gentle rise of the land to the north of it. Compared to many other built structures in the area, such as the Avebury henge, Silbury Hill, and West Kennet Avenue, it is diminutive. Gillings et al. thus suggested that its significance for local people might have been fleeting.
Based on their observations in the 1840s, the antiquarian Mr Falkner suggested that there had once been twelve stones in the circle. The 2002 excavation at the site discovered five pits cut into the chalky gravel, which lay on an arc with a diameter of about 44m, spaced between 13 and 17m apart. All were associated with pieces of fragmented, burnt sarsen. Projecting this arc into a circle, and considering the location of the five known stone holes, would suggest that – if the stones were evenly spaced – there would have been ten megaliths in the circle, not twelve, as Falkner had claimed. From other surviving examples of stone circles it is nevertheless known that the stones are not always spaced at even intervals throughout the whole circle, indicating that the ring could have once contained twelve megaliths.
That excavation also recovered 1074 pieces of worked flint, much of it from the topsoil. The majority of this was flake debitage of Late Neolithic or Early Bronze Age character, and suggested that flint knapping had taken place at that location. Three sherds of Grooved Ware were also recovered from the site, two of which belonged to the same vessel. Gillings et al. believed that Falkner's Circle was probably erected in the late third or early second millennia BCE.
Later history
Iron Age and Post-Medieval activity
The 2002 excavation also revealed a pit at the site of Falkner's Circle that contained both sarsen fragments, which showed evidence of having fragmented under exposure to heat, and a number of carbonised seeds. These were radiocarbon dated, revealing a date between 410-340 BCE and 310-200 BCE (95.4% probability), placing this pit in the Middle Iron Age. The pit was likely a hearth base. A spread of fire-reddened clay and charcoal flecking, covering an area of circa 10m by 4m, was interpreted as having been produced in the post-medieval period during the burning and destruction of some of the stones. Excavation also revealed more recent animal burrows in the area of the circle, one of which contained the remains of at least two chickens.
Antiquarian and archaeological research
Falkner's Circle was not described by the various seventeenth- and eighteenth-century antiquarians who explored and recorded the prehistoric monuments around Avebury, such as John Aubrey, Stukeley, and Colt Hoare. This was likely because the circle was at this point largely hidden, with all but one of the stones lying prone and the standing example concealed within the adjacent hedgerow.
The earliest known account of the site came from 1840, when a Mr Falkner of Devizes wrote an account of having come upon the circle while out riding. Their account was not published at the time, but was included in an 1858 publication by William Long. In that report, Falkner was quoted as saying that alongside the standing stone, they had discovered two stones lying on the ground and nine hollow places. They rejected the idea that there had once been a tumulus in the centre of the circle, stating that the ground was quite flat in that location.
Falkner's Circle was then included in an 1884 archaeological map of the area by the Reverend A. C. Smith, suggesting that it was still extant at that time. Smith related coming upon the site in the late 1870s, after which they began to investigate with Long's assistance. They probed the earth around the standing stone and then removed the turf wherever they encountered a submerged stone. In doing so, they found 22 sarsen stones, all of them of small size, believing that they had once formed parts of the stones in the circle. They related that while "the northern, southern and eastern segments are tolerably well-defined" by this sarsen scatter, they could "find scarcely a single stone on what should be the western segment to complete the circle".
In August and September 2002, the archaeologists Mark Gillings, Joshua Pollard, David Wheatley, and Rick Peterson led a four-week archaeological investigation of the circle, as part of which they carried out both geophysical examination and excavation. They cut two trenches into the site, one measuring 40m by 10m and the other 5m by 5m. They concluded that the evidence that they found supported Falkner's claims of a stone circle on the site, although acknowledged that "alternative readings of the evidence are possible".
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Further reading
External links
Falkner's Circle at The Modern Antiquarian
Falkner's Circle at The Megalithic Portal
Archaeological sites in Wiltshire
Buildings and structures in Wiltshire
History of Wiltshire
Megalithic monuments in England
Scheduled monuments in Wiltshire
Stone circles in Wiltshire
EPP or Epp may refer to:
Organisations
European People's Party, a pan-European centre-right conservative and Christian democratic political party
European People's Party Group, the centre-right political group formed in European parliament by members of the above party
Engineering and Public Policy, an academic department at Carnegie Mellon University
Equal Parenting Party, a Canadian political party
European Public Prosecutor, a proposed EU agency
Paraguayan People's Army ()
Science and technology
Encrypting PIN Pad, a component of an automated teller machine
End-plate potential, a neuroscience term*
Endpoint protection platform, in computer security
Enhanced Parallel Port, a specification of the IEEE 1284 computer peripheral communication standard
Enhanced Performance Profiles, a PC memory specification
Erythropoietic protoporphyria, a genetic disorder
Expanded Polypropylene, a flexible and versatile plastic foam
Extended projection principle, a linguistic theory
Extended Power Profile, a 15 W version of the Qi charging standard
Extensible Provisioning Protocol, an Internet protocol for domain registration
People
Epp (given name), a feminine given name (including a list of people with the name)
Epp (surname), a surname (including a list of people with the name)
Epp Kaidu, pseudonym of Estonian theatre director and actor Leida Ird (1915–1976)
Elwood Epp Sell (1897–1961), American Major League Baseball pitcher
Other uses
Élan Power Products, a subsidiary of Élan Motorsport Technologies
Enrich Professional Publishing, a publishing house
Enterprise Platform Programme, an Irish business incubator programme
European Pallet Pool, for eligible pallets conforming to EUR-pallet
Export parity price
Sweetin can refer to two American actores:
Jodie Sweetin, best known for their role as Stephanie Tanner on Full house and Fuller House
Madylin Sweeten, who played Ally Barone on Everybody Loves Raymond
Neaspilota viridescens is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Neaspilota of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Canada, United States.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1949
Diptera of North America
Shopper may refer to:
Shopping trolley (caddy)
The Shopper, an Australian passenger train
Plastic shopping bag in Pakistani English
People
Personal shopper, a person who helps others shop by giving advice and making suggestions
Media
"Window Shopper", a 2005 single by rapper 50 Cent
A pennysaver, newspaper that contains only or mainly advertising
Auto Shopper, established by Showcase Publications, Inc. of Toms River, New Jersey in 1978
Mysterious Personal Shopper, a 2018 South Korean television series
News Shopper, titles are local newspapers published in South East London and North West Kent by Newsquest
Personal Shopper, a 2016 supernatural psychological thriller film written and directed by Olivier Assayas
Spirituality Shopper, a short-lived British television series that ran on Channel 4 for 3 episodes in 2005
TV Shopper, an early American daytime television series which aired on the DuMont Television Network
Webcam Social Shopper, often referred to as virtual dressing room software
Organizations
Euro Shopper, a discount brand of everyday commodities developed and marketed by AMS Sourcing B.V.
Happy Shopper, an English brand of independent convenience products
See also
Computer Shopper (disambiguation)
Secret shopper (disambiguation)
Kaw Township is a township in Jefferson County, Kansas, USA.
External links
City-Data.com
Townships in Jefferson County, Kansas
Townships in Kansas
Totò Diabolicus is a 1962 Italian black comedy film directed by Steno. The film consists in a parody of Italian noir comic books (such as Diabolik and Satanik) and giallo, and in it Totò plays six different characters.
Plot
Baron Torrealta is mysteriously killed by a mysterious murderer, dressed in black, who call themselves "Diabolicus". The police suspects that one of their relatives is guilty of murder because of the enormous legacy, but every time they are going to incarcerate someone, this one gets killed by Diabolicus.
Cast
Totò: Galeazzo di Torrealta/Carlo di Torrealta/Scipione di Torrealta/Monsignor Antonino di Torrealta/Laudomia di Torrealta/Pasquale Bonocore
Raimondo Vianello: Michele aka Lallo
Béatrice Altariba: Diana
Nadine Sanders: donna Fiore di Torrealta
Luigi Pavese: police commissioner
Mario Castellani: inspector Scalarini
Peppino De Martino: Cocozza
Steno: Angelo, the gardener
Franco Giacobini: Dr. Pandoro
Pietro De Vico: patient
References
External links
1962 films
Films directed by Stefano Vanzina
1960s crime comedy films
Italian black comedy films
Italian parody films
1960s black comedy films
Italian crime comedy films
Films with screenplays by Giovanni Grimaldi
1960s parody films
1962 comedy films
1962 drama films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
Moradabad Mayoral Constituency is one of the 16 mayoral constituency in Uttar Pradesh.
Total Number of Voters
List of Mayors
*By Election
Election Results
References
Moradabad
People from Moradabad
Politicians from Moradabad
Osano is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Curtis Osano (born 1987), Kenyan footballer
Jacob Osano (born 1994), Kenyan footballer
Thomas Osano (born 1970), Kenyan long-distance runner
Surnames of Kenyan origin
Wanted is a 2009 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Prabhu Deva. A remake of 2006 Telugu film Pokiri starring Mahesh Babu, the film stars Salman Khan, Prakash Raj, Ayesha Takia, while Vinod Khanna, Mahesh Manjrekar and Inder Kumar appeared in supporting roles. Prabhu Deva, Govinda and Anil Kapoor made special appearances in the film. Nirav Shah and Sethu Sriram handled the cinematography while Dilip Deo edited the film. The soundtracks were composed by Sajid–Wajid, while Salim–Sulaiman handled the background music score. The film was shot in Mumbai for the whole part, while Australia and other foreign countries are shot for songs. Set in Mumbai, The plot revolves around a local goon whose killer instincts earn them not only their girlfriend's disapproval and a corrupt cop's enmity but also the attention of a wanted don
The film was released theatrically on 18 September 2009 to generally mixed-to-positive reviews with critics and audience praising the performances (particularly Khan, Raj and Manjrekar), music, humour and mass moments but criticising the direction and use of cliches. The movie became a commercial success, grossing around and thus, it emerged as one of the biggest successful films of 2009. The film received 3 IIFA nominations and 1 Filmfare Award.
Plot
The city of Mumbai is rifed with the nefarious activities of land mafia. There are two rival gangs: one under Gani Bhai, who resides in Dubai and another operated by a local goon named Datta Pawle. They threaten builders and landowners into giving them protection money or property through force, extortion, or murder. Ashraf Khan IPS takes charge as the new Police Commissioner of Mumbai and starts cracking down crime in the city.
Radhe is a thug, who is abducted by Jankiz and their henchmen. Radhe has taken a contract from Pawle to beat up Jankiz, which they do. However, Golden Bhai, Gani Bhai's brother invite Radhe to join their gang. Radhe declines stating that they do not work for any gang, but is ready to do anything for money. Meanwhile, Radhe falls in love with Jhanvi, an aerobic teacher, when they visit their friend Ajay's aerobics class, but they mistake them for a pervert. Jhanvi lives with their widowed mother Lakshmi and younger brother Pappu. Sonu Gates, a software engineer, lives above Shruthi's house and frequently, albeit comically and unsuccessfully, tries to convince them to marry him. Daulat Talpade is a corrupt Senior Inspector in the colony where Radhe and Jhanvi live and is on Gani Bhai's payroll. They lust for Jhanvi and decides to make them their mistress, even after they reject them multiple times.
Radhe's first assignment with Gani Bhai's gang is to kill a member of Pawle's gang. However, The police show up at the spot where Radhe and the other gangsters are waiting. Radhe engages the cops long enough for the others to finish the task and flee. They also help Jhanvi escape from Talpade.  They are impressed by their kindness, and a friendship soon blossoms between the two, leading to the development of unspoken romantic feelings for each other. When Jhanvi tries to express their feelings to Radhe, they are attacked by members of Pawle's gang, whom Radhe finishes off. Jhanvi is shocked to learn that Radhe is a gangster with no qualms about killing people. Later, Talpade arranges for some thugs to pretend to assault Jhanvi, so that no decent family will want to take them as their daughter-in-law, as a result of which with no other option, Jhanvi and Lakshmi will accept their demands. Radhe learns of this and thrashes Talpade incognito. After much ado and mental anguish, Jhanvi's accepts Radhe's love. Soon, Gani Bhai arrives from Dubai and kills Pawle. They also meet Radhe to discuss the killing of a minister by blowing up a school. Radhe disagrees with Gani Bhai's method as it would involve killing innocents, including women and children.
In the middle of their argument, the police raids the club and arrests Gani Bhai. Their gang members retaliate by kidnapping Ashraff's daughter, drugging them and creating a lewd video of them which they threaten to release to the media if Gani Bhai is not released, forcing the embattled commissioner to release Gani Bhai. However, in their drugged state, Ashraff's daughter reveals that their father had placed an undercover officer as a mole in Gani Bhai's gang. The gang members find out that an IPS police officer by the name of Rajveer Shekhawat, the son of a retired police inspector Srikhant Shekhawat, has gone undercover to finish off the underworld mafia gangs and is now a part of their gang. Gani Bhai kills Ajay, believing they are Rajveer. However, it is revealed that Ajay was actually Shrikhant's adopted son. Gani Bhai then kills Shrikhant to lure the real Rajveer. When Rajveer actually turns up, everyone, especially Jhanvi and Talpade are shocked to see that they are Radhe. Radhe had gone undercover by posing themselves as Radhe and had killed all the gangsters under Ashraff's orders. After Shrikhant and Ajay's funerals, Radhe forces Talpade to call Gani Bhai to find out their location, which is Binny Mills. They go there and starts to kill Gani Bhai's gang members one by one, rescuing Ashraff's daughter in the process.
In a final confrontation, Radhe thrashes and kills Gani Bhai by slashing their throat with a broken glass window, following which they shoot Talpade by saying the following words: Ek bar joh maine commitment kar di uske baad toh main khud ki bhi nahi sunta (transl. Once I get committed, I won't listen even to my own words)
Cast
Salman Khan as IPS Rajveer Singh Shekhawat / Radhe, Jhanvi's love interest
Prakash Raj as Shamsuddin Ashgar Ghani aka Gani Bhai
Ayesha Takia as Jhanvi, Radhe's love interest
Sarfaraz Khan as Aslam, Radhe's friend
Inder Kumar as Ajay Shekhawat, Rajveer's adopted brother
Vinod Khanna as Shrikant Shekhawat, Rajveer's father
Mahesh Manjrekar as Senior Inspector Daulat R. Talpade
Mahek Chahal as Shaina
Govind Namdeo as Police Commissioner Ashraf Taufiq Khan
Aseem Merchant as Golden Bhai
Harry Josh as Jankiz, Golden Bhai's henchman
Manoj Pahwa as Sonu Gates
Sajid Ali as Radhe's friend
Raju Mavani as Datta Pawle, who plans to kill the local MLA
G. V. Sudhakar Naidu as Shiva, Datta Pawle's henchman
Prateeksha Lonkar as Laxmi (Jhanvi's mother)
Anil Kapoor as Special Appearance in song "Jalwa"
Govinda as Special Appearance in song "Jalwa"
Prabhu Deva as Special Appearance in song "Jalwa"
Anupam Shyam as Dilip Topi
Vijay Patkar as Ganesh
Manesha Chatarji as Commissioner's daughter
Salman Yusuff Khan as Special Appearance in song 'Most Wanted Title Track'
Production
Director Prabhu Deva was also the director of the previous Tamil remake, Pokkiri.
Asin Thottumkal & Ileana D'Cruz were approached for the role of Jhanvi, but due to other commitments, both rejected the offer. Consequently, the role went to Ayesha Takia. Nana Patekar was originally offered the role of Gani Bhai but due to their busy schedule, the role went to Prakash Raj, who was seen in the original. Salman Khan became very excited after hearing the script and agreed to the role. Part of the film was shot in the Greek Islands of Rodos, Santorini, and Paros.
Music
The music of the film was given by Sajid–Wajid. The album received mixed to negative reviews from critics, with some songs seeing positive response. The songs "Jalwa", "Love Me" and "Le Le Maza Le" became a huge hit among the audiences.
Reception
Critical response
Wanted received positive reviews from critics.
Nikhat Kazmi from The Times of India gave it 4 out of 5 stars praising Khan's performance. Taran Adarsh from Bollywood Hungama gave it 4 out of 5 stars saying, "WANTED rides on Salman Khan's star power. They may not be the best actor in town, but in a film like WANTED, in a role that seems like an extension of their personality, you can't think of anyone else enacting this role with flourish." Raja Sen from Rediff gave a negative rating of 2 out of 5 stars and said, "The writing is both amateurish and crass, while the songs are plain hideous...Khan might be having fun, but the fact a film like Wanted underscores is how badly Bollywood needs a breed of younger leading men. And how the existing lot need roles that fit." Indicine gave it 3 out of 5 stars, calling it "watchable for Salman Khan" and the "best out and out action flick of Bollywood".
Accolades
2010 Filmfare Awards
Best Action – Vijayan Master
2010 IIFA Awards
Nominated: IIFA Award for Best Movie – Boney Kapoor
Nominated: IIFA Award for Best Actor – Salman Khan
Nominated: IIFA Award for Best Performance in a Negative Role – Prakash Raj
Stardust Awards
Best Film of the Year – Action / Thriller – Boney Kapoor
Star Screen Awards
Best Action – Vijayan Master
References
External links
wanted thebollywoods
2000s Hindi-language films
2009 films
2009 action thriller films
Indian action thriller films
Films set in Mumbai
Hindi remakes of Telugu films
Films directed by Prabhu Deva
Films shot in Greece
Films shot in Mumbai
Fictional portrayals of the Maharashtra Police
Zorleni is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dealu Mare, Popeni, Simila and Zorleni. Bujoreni Monastery is located within this commune, east of Zorleni.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Joe Echevarria (born in Mariveles, Bataan, Philippines) was Lightweight/Featherweight champion of the United States Army, United States Navy and of the Philippine Islands in 1929. They were asked to and helped train and fought Sugar Ray Robinson for their first professional fight in Madison Square Garden which they lost to Sugar Ray Robinson by a knockout in the second round on October 4, 1940. They never fought again. Known as "Baby Face Eche or Kid Eche", Echevarria had served in the American Army at Westpoint where they were a cavalry instructor. Josue Reyes Echevarria was the son of Brigadier General Leopoldo Life Echevarria who fought against the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during the First World War.
External links
Joe Echeverria - Boxer at BoxRec.com
Filipino emigrants to the United States
Sportspeople from Bataan
Lightweight boxers
Featherweight boxers
Year of death unknown
Year of birth missing
American male boxers
Meşeli, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Momversation is a website and online video series produced by DECA, the Digital Entertainment Corporation of America. The show, which officially launched on November 12, 2008, consists of mom bloggers discussing issues pertinent to women and parenting.
References
Further reading
"DECA Launches Web Property Momversation". Reuters.
CNN Video: Kids and the Economy
NY Times Motherlode: What's Harder, Marriage or Parenting?
PBS.org POV: Mommy Talk. Mommy Listen?
External links
Writers of blogs about home and family
American women's websites
İnceöz, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Radek Opršal (born 9 May 1978, Ostrava, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech footballer.
External links
1978 births
Living people
Czech footballers
Czech expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Liga I players
Slovak Super Liga players
Sportspeople from Ostrava
FC Hradec Králové players
MFK Vítkovice players
FC Progresul București players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
FC VSS Košice players
Zagłębie Lubin players
FK Inter Bratislava players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Poland
MV Altavia was a Liberian-flagged cargo ship launched on 24 September 1994 and completed on 4 April 1995. On July 20, 2010, Altavia was turned away from the Port of Hagåtña, Guam by United States Customs officials after thousands of spiders erupted from their cargo during unloading. In November 2014, they were sold for scrap.
References
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4cVGWTzKo8
1994 ships
Cargo ships
Merchant ships of Liberia
The 2nd Iowa Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 2nd Iowa Cavalry was organized at Davenport, Iowa and mustered in at Camp Joe Holt for three years of Federal service between August 30 and September 28, 1861.
Among other engagements, the Regiment took part in Grierson's Raid through Mississippi in April 1863, being detached from the main column (6th and 7th Illinois Cavalry) after a few days to decoy the Confederate pursuit. They engaged the 2nd/22nd Tennessee Cavalry (Barteau's) at Palo Alto, Mississippi on April 21 and 22, 1863 and reported six missing after the skirmish.
The regiment was mustered out of Federal service on September 19, 1865.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 2053 men served in the 2nd Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
It suffered a total of 269 (275?) fatalities: 1 officer and 59 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds; 8 officers and 207 enlisted men who died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Washington L. Elliott
Colonel Edward Hatch
Colonel Datus E. Coon
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
1861 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Banipal is an independent literary magazine dedicated to the promotion of contemporary Arab literature through translations in English. It was founded in London in 1998 by Margaret Obank and Samuel Shimon. The magazine is published three times a year. Since its inception, it has published works and interviews of numerous Arab authors and poets, many of them translated for the first time into English. It is also co-sponsor of the Saif Ghobash–Banipal Prize for Arabic Literary Translation.
As of December 2020, 69 issues of Banipal were published. Each issue usually focuses on a specific theme, recent issues focusing on Libyan fiction, Arab American authors, Iraqi authors, Literature in Yemen Today, Writing in Dutch, etc. The magazine has been praised both by non-Arab and Arab commentators - Gamal el-Ghitani, James Kirkup, Anton Shammas among others - for its role in diffusing Arab literature to a wider audience. The Iraqi poet, novelist and translator Fadhil Al Azzawi has said:
Contemporary authors featured in Banipal
Abbas Beydhoun
Abdel Aziz al-Maqalih
Abdellatif Laâbi
Abdelrahman Munif
Abdelwahab Meddeb
Abdullah Laroui
Abdul Kader el-Janabi
Abdu Khal
Abdul Wahab al-Bayati
Adunis
Ahmad Ali El Zein
Ahmad Zein
Ahmed Fagih
Ahmed Bouzfour
Ahmed Rashid Thani
Ala Hlehel
Alawiyya Subh
Albert Cossery
Ali al-Domaini
Ali al-Kasimi
Ali al-Muqri
Ali Mohammed Zayd
Amjad Nasser
Anton Shammas
Aroussia Naluti
Aziz Chouaki
Badr Shakir al-Sayyab
Baha Eddine Taoud
Bassam Frangieh
Bassam Shamseldin
Bensalim Himmich
Denys Johnson-Davies
Diya al-Jubaily
Driss Chraïbi
Edward al-Kharrat
Edward Said
Elias Khoury
Etel Adnan
Ezzat el-Kamhawi
Fadhil al-Azzawi
Fady Joudeh
Fathi Abul Nasr
Ferial Ghazoul
Fuad al-Takarli
Gamal el-Ghitani
Ghalib Halasa
Ghassan Zaqtan
Ghazi Algosaibi
Habib Abdulrab Sarori
Habib Selmi
Habib Tengour
Haifa Bitar
Halim Barakat
Hanan al-Shaykh
Hani al-Raheb
Hassan Abdulrazzak
Hassan Daoud
Hassan Nasr
Hassouna Mosbahi
Hoda Barakat
Huda Ablan
Hussain al-Mozany
Huzama Habayeb
Ibrahim Nasrallah
Ibtisam Abdallah
Inaya Jaber
Ines Abassi
Issa J Boullata
Jalil al-Qaisi
Jamal Mahjoub
Jamila Omairah
Kadhim Jihad
Kamal Abdellatif
Kamal Ruhayyim
Khaled Mattawa
Khalid Albudoor
Khulood Al Mu'alla
Lamia Makaddam
Lisa Suhair Majaj
Luay Hamza Abbas
Lutfiya al-Dulaimi
Mahdi Issa al-Saqr
Mahmood Abdel Wahab
Mahmoud Darwish
Mahmoud Shukair
Mai Ghoussoub
Miled Faiza
Miral al-Tahawy
Mohamed al-Bisatie
Mohamed Choukri
Mohamed Salah al-Azab
Mohammad al-Maghut
Mohammad al-Qaood
Mohammad al-Shaibani
Mohammad Ali Farhat
Mohammad Khodayyi
Mohammed Al-Harthi
Mohammed Bennis
Mohammed Khaïr-Eddine
Mohammed Mustagab
Mohammed Zefzaf
Mohja Kahf
Mona Yahia
Mouayed al-Rawi
Nabila al-Zubair
Nadia Alkowkobani
Naguib Mahfouz
Najwa Barakat
Nassif Falak
Nazih Abu Afash
Nazik al-Malaika
Nazum al-Obeidi
Nirvana Tanoukhi
Nizar Qabbani
Nouri al-Jarrah
Nujoom Al-Ghanem
Ounsi el Hage
Paul Chaoul
Qassim Haddad
Rabee Jaber
Rachid al-Daif
Rachida Lamrabet
Rafik Schami
Ramsey Nasr
Rasha Omran
Rashad Abu Shawar
Sa'adallah Wannus
Saadi Youssef
Said al-Kafrawi
Saif al-Rahbi
Salah Hassan
Salim Barakat
Salwa al-Neimi
Samar Yazbek
Samir Albufattah
Samir Naqqash
Saniya Salih
Sargon Boulus
Sawsan al-Areeqi
Shawqi Shafiq
Tahar Ben Jelloun
Tayeb Salih
Turki al-Hamad
Vénus Khoury-Ghata
Wacini Laradg
Wajdi al-Ahdal
Wilfred Thesiger
Yasmine Khlat
Yasser Abdel Baqi
Yasser Abdel Hafez
Youssef Rakha
Yusef Habshi al-Ashqar
Zakariyya Tamer
References
External links
Official website
Literary magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in London
Magazines established in 1998
Triannual magazines published in the United Kingdom
Literary translation magazines
The Walter Gemma was a Czechoslovakian nine-cylinder, air-cooled, radial aero engine that was developed and manufactured in the early 1930s by Walter Aircraft Engines.
Applications
Nuri Demirağ Nu D.36
Praga E-39
Engines on display
A preserved example of the Walter Gemma engine is on display at the following museum:
Finnish Aviation Museum
Specifications
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gunston, Bill. World Encyclopedia of Aero Engines. Cambridge, England. Patrick Stephens Limited, 1989.
Gemma
1930s aircraft piston engines
Aircraft air-cooled radial piston engines
Đurovski (; also transliterated Djurovski) or Ǵurovski (; also transliterated Gjurovski), is a South Slavic surname derived from Serbian Đurić/Đurović, and may refer to:
Boško Đurovski (born 1961), Macedonian football player, Milko's brother
Milko Đurovski (born 1963), Macedonian football player, Boško's brother, Mario's father
Mario Đurovski (born 1985), Macedonian football player, Milko's son.
See also
Đuro, a South Slavic male given name
Serbian surnames
Charles Garrett Maloney (9 September 1913 – 30 April 2006) served as the auxiliary bishop of Louisville and titular bishop of Bardstown, Kentucky.
Education
Maloney attended high school and college at Saint Joseph's College in Rensselaer, Indiana where they graduated summa cum laude. They later attended the Pontifical North American College in Rome, Italy where they were eventually ordained.
Ministry
Maloney was ordained a priest in 1937. On 30 December 1954 Pope Pius XII appointed Maloney the auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville; they served in the capacity for 51 years. They were consecrated as a Roman Catholic bishop in 1955 by Archbishop John Alexander Floersh at the Cathedral of the Assumption in Louisville, Kentucky. Also in 1954, they were appointed bishop of the titular see of Capsa. Later they were appointed as the first titular bishop of the diocese of Bardstown, Kentucky, a diocese founded in 1808 but later moved to Louisville.
Second Vatican Council
As of 1995, Their Excellency was one of only eight United States bishops still living who participated in the Second Vatican Council. Maloney participated in all four session of the council from 1962 to 1965. They were influential in the passage of Dignitatis humanae (Declaration on Religious Freedom), one of only sixteen documents generated by the Council and approved by the Pope. Ironically, Bishop Maloney often said the traditional Latin Mass during their retirement at Saint Martin of Tours Church in Louisville.
See also
Basilica of Saint Joseph Proto-Cathedral
Cathedral of the Assumption (Louisville)
Capsa (see)
References
Bishop Maloney had active role in defense of religious freedom
Archdiocese of Louisville Homepage - Bishop Maloney Dies
Catholic Bishop Maloney dies at 93
Episcopal Lineage
Obituaries in the news - Bishop Maloney Dies
External links
Cathedral of the Assumption Homepage
Basilica of St. Joseph Proto-Cathedral Homepage
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville Homepage
Episcopal succession
Religious leaders from Louisville, Kentucky
20th-century American Roman Catholic titular bishops
21st-century American Roman Catholic titular bishops
Participants in the Second Vatican Council
Saint Joseph's College (Indiana) alumni
1913 births
2006 deaths
Catholics from Kentucky
Klaus Reinhardt (15 January 1941 – 30 November 2021) was a German Army general. They were the commander of the German Army Forces Command, the NATO Joint Headquarters Center (formerly Headquarters Allied Land Forces Central Europe), and KFOR in Kosovo. Reinhardt died on 30 November 2021, at the age of 80. They were the son of Nazi bureaucrat Fritz Reinhardt.
Military career
Reinhardt was born in Berlin. In 1960 they entered the West German Army as an officer candidate with the mountain infantry forces. From 1963 on they served as a platoon leader with the Gebirgsjägerbataillon 222 in Mittenwald, and later continued as operations officer from October 1966 to October 1967.
From 1967 to 1972 they studied history and political sciences at the University of Freiburg, earning a doctoral degree with their dissertation about the strategic failure of Hitler in the Battle of Moscow. In 1968 they already are promoted to Captain and served as company commander with Gebirgsjägerbataillon 221 in Mittenwald. From 1973 to 1975 they passed the General Staff course at the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in Hamburg. In 1975 they additionally passed the US Command and General Staff officer course in Fort Leavenworth.
In October 1976 Reinhardt was promoted to lieutenant colonel and served as operations staff officer (G-3) of NATO's Central Army Group (CENTAG) in Heidelberg. From January 1978 to October 1980 they used to be assistant to the Vice Inspector General of the West German Military, General Jürgen Brandt at the ministry of defence in Bonn. From 1982 they took command of the Gebirgsjägerbataillon 231 in Bad Reichenhall. From 1982 to 1983 they served as operations officer (G-3) in the staff of the 1st Mountain Division in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. After their promotion to full colonel they served as military assistant to the then minister of defence Manfred Wörner and in 1986 till September 1988 as commander of the Gebirgsjägerbrigade 23 in Bad Reichenhall.
On 1 October 1988, they were promoted to brigadier general and the same day took over as Chief of Staff Section IV (Planning; NATO Forces, conception of the Federal Armed Forces, coordination of the budgetary means for the military and planning of armament) within the Armed Forces Staff of the German Ministry of Defence in Bonn.
In October 1990 they were appointed major general and a commander of the Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in Hamburg. During this time they also used to be vice president of the Clausewitz Society and member of the scientific advisory council of the German Military History Research Office (MGFA). As commander of the command and general staff college they changed the academy to a strategic and operational think tank and opened it to officers from Eastern European countries, one reason why they were awarded an honorary doctorate of the University of Budapest.
In June 1993 they were promoted to lieutenant general and appointed commander of the 3rd Army Corps in Koblenz, which they also had to disband due to military reforms. In 1994 they built up the German Army Forces Command in Koblenz as commanding general and made it a key element for the German military missions abroad. They formally led the German military missions in Somalia (UNOSOM), Croatia, and Bosnia and Herzegovina (IFOR, SFOR).
In April 1998 they were promoted to general and appointed Commander NATO Joint Headquarters Centre (today Allied Force Command Heidelberg). They actively participated in the NATO structure reform process. From October 1999 to April 2000 they served as commander KFOR in Pristina, Kosovo and was in charge of 50,000 soldiers from 39 nations. Klaus Reinhardt retired in March 2001. Afterwards they began to work as a freelance journalist and writer as well as a lecturer for modern history and political science.
Views
In 1993, as the commander of the III. Corps, Reinhardt was heavily criticised by high-ranking conservative politician Alfred Dregger for banning Bundeswehr soldiers to participate in a memorial service at a German war cemetery that also held the graves of fallen Waffen-SS soldiers on Volkstrauertag. Reinhardt argued that they meant no disrespect to the young soldiers that had died for Germany but found that the ideology of the Waffen-SS was incompatible with the values of democracy.
References
1941 births
2021 deaths
Military personnel from Berlin
Bundeswehr generals
Generals of the German Army
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
University of Freiburg alumni
Non-U.S. alumni of the Command and General Staff College
Commandants of the Bundeswehr Command and Staff College
Electrek is an American news website dedicated to electric transportation and sustainable energy.
Electrek is known for its extensive, positive coverage of electric transportation in general and Tesla specifically. Their positive coverage of Tesla has been criticised by some automotive journalists.
Its main authors have disclosed ownership of Tesla stock, substantial profit from referrals to Tesla, and ownership of Tesla cars. However, the owner, Seth Weintraub, disclosed near total divestment from Tesla stock on January 14, 2020.
References
External links
American technology news websites
Internet properties established in 2012
Transport websites
Electric vehicles
Sustainable energy
Automotive websites
The 2015–16 Top League Challenge Series was the 2015–16 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2016–17 season. The competition was contested from 13 December 2015 to 24 January 2016.
There was no automatic promotion to the 2016–17 Top League, but Kyuden Voltex, Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars, Munakata Sanix Blues and Osaka Police progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League, Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series. The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1, while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2. The winner of Challenge 2 also progressed to a four-team Challenge 1.
All four teams in Challenge 1 qualified to the promotion play-offs.
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2015 regional leagues.
Top West League
The final standings for the 2015 Top West League were:
Chubu Electric Power, JR West Railers, Osaka Police and Unitika Phoenix qualified to the Second Phase.
Mitsubishi Red Evolutions were relegated to lower leagues.
Osaka Police qualified for Challenge 1.
Chubu Electric Power qualified for Challenge 2.
Top East League
The final standings for the 2015 Top East League were:
Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars qualified for Challenge 1.
Kamaishi Seawaves qualified for Challenge 2.
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2015 Top Kyūshū League were:
Chugoku Electric Power, Kyuden Voltex, Mazda Blue Zoomers and Munakata Sanix Blues qualified to the Second Phase.
Munakata Sanix Blues qualified for Challenge 1.
Kyuden Voltex qualified for Challenge 2.
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2015–16 Top League Challenge 1 were:
Kyuden Voltex, Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars, Munakata Sanix Blues and Osaka Police progressed to the promotion play-offs.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2015–16 Top League Challenge 1:
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2015–16 Top League Challenge 2 were:
Kyuden Voltex progressed to Challenge 1.
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2015–16 Top League Challenge 2:
See also
2015–16 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2015-16 Challenge
2015–16 in Japanese rugby union
2015–16 rugby union tournaments for clubs
The Confederate Congress created the position of Quartermaster-General on 26 Feb 1861 and the Secretary of War was allowed one Colonel and six Majors to serve as Quartermasters. The first Quartermaster General was Col. Abraham C. Myers; their appointment would appear to have been a foregone conclusion as they were signing themselves as Acting Quartermaster General on 2 January 1861.
In May 1861 when the Confederate government moved to Richmond, Virginia, the headquarters of the Quartermaster General were located on the corner of Ninth and Main Street.
Quartermaster depots were created at Richmond, Virginia; Staunton, Virginia; Raleigh, North Carolina; Atlanta, Georgia; Columbus, Georgia; Huntsville, Alabama; Montgomery, Alabama; Jackson, Mississippi; Little Rock, Arkansas; Alexandria, Louisiana; and San Antonio, Texas.
In 1863 Myers resigned from their position as Quartermaster General and in August Jefferson Davis appointed the successor to serve in that capacity for the rest of the war; Brig. Gen. Alexander Lawton. Confederate railroads in the American Civil War were in the Department's purview.
References
Further reading
Harold S. Wilson, Confederate Industry: Manufacturers and Quartermasters in the Civil War, University Press of Mississippi, 2005 .
Keith S. Bohannon, "Dirty, ragged, and ill-provided for: Confederate logistical problems in the 1862 Maryland campaign and their solutions" in Gary W. Gallagher (ed.) The Antietam Campaign, pp. 101-142, University of North Carolina Press, 2012 .
1861 establishments in the Confederate States of America
Military units and formations of the Confederate States Army
Muntenii de Jos is a commune in Vaslui County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Băcăoani, Mânjești, Muntenii de Jos and Secuia.
References
Communes in Vaslui County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Schwifting is a municipality in the district of Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Landsberg (district)
Shabab El Bourj Sporting Club () is a football club based in Bourj el-Barajneh, Beirut, Lebanon, that competes in the . The club was founded in 1967 as Al Irshad SC, and changed their name to Shabab El Bourj SC in 2017.
History
Founded in 1967 as Al Irshad SC, the club changed their name to Shabab El Bourj SC in 2017. They were promoted to the Lebanese Premier League for the first time under their new name in 2019, after gaining back to back promotions from the Fourth Division. They became the first Lebanese team to achieve this feat.
Following Shabab Bourj's failure to comply to FIFA's request for them to compensate former player Lorougnon Christ Remi, and rumours of a merger with Safa, the club withdrew from the league. On 30 May 2022, the LFA announced that Shabab Bourj were fined £L12.5 million, were relegated to the Second Division, and that all of their matches in the championship round were voided.
Club rivalries
Shabab Bourj has rivalries with Bourj and Shabab Sahel, due to the fact that they are all based in the Dahieh area.
Players
Current squad
Honours
Lebanese Third Division: 1996–97
See also
List of football clubs in Lebanon
Notes
References
External links
Shabab El Bourj SC at LebanonFG
Football clubs in Lebanon
Mirza Seyyed Mohammad Tabatabai (Persian: آیت الله میرزا سید محمد طباطبائی, also known as Mohammad Sang-e-laji,; 22 December 1842 – 28 January 1920) was one of the leaders of the Iranian Constitutional Revolution who played an important role in the establishment of democracy and rule of law in Iran. They were the son of Sayyed Sādegh Tabātabā'i, one of the influential Scholar during the reign of Naser ad-Din Shah Qajar. Their paternal grandfather, Sayyed Mehdi Tabātabā'i, was a reputed clergy in Hamedan.  They are the father of Sayyed Sādegh Tabātabā'i editor of Ruznāmeh-ye Majles, the Majles newspaper.
 They are entombed inside a family tomb in Shah-Abdol-Azim shrine in Rey.
Biography
Mirzā Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i was born in Karbala, Iraq. The family moved to Hamedan when they were two years old, and to Tehran, when they were eight. They received education in the sciences, (Arabic) literature, Islamic jurisprudence and doctrines from their father, and philosophy from Mirzā Abol-Hasan Jelveh. For a period of time they were also a pupil of Sahaikh Hadi Najmābādi.
The latter has been the spiritual father of a number of individuals who later played significant roles in bringing about the Constitutional Revolution of Iran, such as Ali-Akbar Dehkhoda and Mirza Jahangir Khan Sur-e Esrafil.
In 1881 they left Iran for the purpose of Hajj, however as a result of their late arrival, they undertook an Umrah Hajj, after which they settled in Samarra, Iraq, where they became a pupil of Ayatollah Mirzā Mohammad Hasan Hosseini Shirāzi and completed their studies with him. Following the death of their father, they took their entire family to Samarra and for some ten years advised Ayatollah Shirāzi on political matters. On the recommendation of Ayatollah Shirāzi, they finally returned to Tehran. Due to their independent mind, in Tehran they kept away from state officials and individuals in positions of power. In their public speeches, they emphasized on the merits of freedom and incessantly stirred up the sense of loving freedom amongst their audiences. In this, they went so far as to suggesting republicanism as a viable alternative to monarchism. Their latter views polarised their audiences, driving some away, and attracting some more closely instead. Their ascetic lifestyle, however, very effectively protected them against personal attacks by their detractors. Their emphasis permanently revolved around a national government, respect for the rule of law, equality before law, and the indiscriminate application of justice in the society.
Constitutional Revolution
The spark leading to the Constitutional Revolution of Iran is by some held to be the foot whipping of some sugar merchants in Tehran in December 1905, by the then Governor of Tehran, Ahmad Alā od-Dowleh, for disobeying the order by the government to lower the price of sugar. Following this event, a large number of people from Bazaar, together with some clergy, took sanctuary (known as Bast ) in Shah's Mosque (Masjed-e Shah – Imam Khomeini Mosque since 1979) in Tehran. They were however forcibly removed from this place by the agents of the then Chief Minister of Mozaffar ad-Din Shah, Ain ad-Dowleh. Following this, on the suggestion of Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i a large number of Ulema of Tehran retired to Shah-Abdol-Azim shrine and formulated a set of demands to be presented to Mozaffar ad-Din Shah. The single most important demand to be made at this juncture from Shah turned out to be the demand for establishing an Edālat'khāneh (عدالتخانه - House of Justice), of which the specifics were left unspecified. According to Keddie, this lack of detail may have been intended for preserving unity amongst the more radical modernizers and the traditional Ulema. Mozaffar ad-Din Shah accepted the demand for setting up an Edālat'khāneh and for good measure also dismissed the unpopular Governor of Tehran. Following this, the Ulema ceased their protest and returned to Tehran. The Edālat'khāneh was to be the genesis of what later became Iran's Majles.
Mozaffar ad-Din Shah and their Chief Minister, Ain od-Dowleh, reneged however on their promises. Not only did they not establish an Edālat'khāneh, but violence against people continued unabated, both in Tehran and in other provinces of Iran. At this stage popular preachers such as Sayyed Jamal ad-Din Esfahani (father of the celebrated Iranian writer Mohammad-Ali Jamalzadeh) and Shaikh Mohammad Vā'ez began their most vociferous attacks on the establishment. This led to Sayyed Jamal ad-Din Esfahani being ordered to leave Tehran, an act that led to strong protests by the public. In the course of ousting Sayyed Jamal ad-Din Esfahani from Tehran, a young Sayyed (a descendant of prophet Mohammad) was shot dead by an officer, an event that led to a large mass of clergy leaving Tehran in protest and taking Bast in Qom in July 1906. This move was followed by between 12,000 and 14,000 merchants and tradesmen taking Bast in the British Legation in Tehran, bringing the commerce in Tehran to virtual standstill. In passing, it should be remarked that the orthodox historical view in the present-day Iran is that the role of the British at this juncture in the history of Iran was by no means a benevolent one, but calculated, the calculation being aimed at marginalising the religious elements of the revolutionary movement. It is well known that it was for exactly the lack of clarity as regards the role of Islam in a post-revolution era that such Constitutional Revolutionary of the first hour as Sheikh Fazlollah Noori came to take the side of Mohammad-Ali Shah and became an anti-revolutionary. After the Iranian Revolution of 1979, the status of Sheikh Fazlollah Noori as a revolutionary has been fully restored.
During this time Iranians began to increase their demands, demanding not only the dismissal of Shah's Chief Minister, Ain od-Dowleh, but also establishment of a national consultative assembly, what came to be known as, and become, Majles. The name of Mashrouteh (مشروطه), signifying a new political system, was floated around this time. At the end of July 1906, Mozaffar al-Din Shah dismissed their unpopular Chief Minister Ain od-Dowleh, and in early August 1906 they accepted the proposed institution of Majles. The first Majles came into being in October 1906, immediately after the Deputies of Tehran were elected. A committee of experts drafted the Fundamental Law, which Mozaffar al-Din Shah signed, after some delay, in December 1906. A longer Supplementary Fundamental Law, drafted in 1907, was signed by the new Shah, Mohammad-Ali Shah, in October 1907 (Mozaffar al-Din Shah died on 3 January 1907). These two charters formed the core of the Iranian written Constitution, to be supplanted by a new written Constitution after the Revolution of 1979.
The rules governing the election of Deputies of Majles were originally drafted by Mozaffar al-Din Shah. Their delay in making this document available led Mirzā Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i to visiting them personally at Sāheb'qrāniyeh Palace for enquiry. They left the Palace with the draft of these regulations in their hands. After some changes in this draft, it was finally ratified by Mozaffar al-Din Shah. Copies of this were subsequently dispatched to all cities in Iran. This event was celebrated on Monday 10 September 1906 by ornamenting the streets of Tehran with decorative light bulbs.
Tabatabai died in Tehran in 1920, at the age of 77.
As deputy
Of the religious minority groups in Iran, only Zoroastrians had a Zoroastrian Deputy in First Majles. During the legislative period of this Majles, Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i deputised also the Iranian Christians in Majles. During this period, the Iranian Jewish community were deputised by Ayatollah Sayyed Abdollah Behbahāni.
As private person
According to Keddie, Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i "appears to have had genuinely liberal proclivities and considerable contact with other liberals, believed that a constitution would be the best way to limit the power of uncontrolled autocrats who were selling Iran to the Western powers."
With the sudden rise in the price of sugar in 1905 (see above), Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i proposed that instead of serving tea at religious gatherings, such as at Rozeh-Khānis, the poor be given cash. In making this suggestion, they were also aiming at improving the state of public health, as they believed that not in all large gatherings the tea was being served in hygienically clean utensils, thus spreading transferable diseases amongst the population.
School and modern teaching methods
Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i founded the Islāmieh School (مدرسه اسلامیه) in Tehran where modern teaching methods were used. They appointed their brother, Assad'o'llah Tabātabā'i, as the Head of this school. During a celebration, on 28 October 1905, Sayyed Mohammad Tabātabā'i delivered a speech to the school in which they expanded on the necessity of learning and establishment of modern schools in Iran.
Further reading
Ahmad Kasravi, Tārikh-e Mashruteh-ye Iran (تاریخ مشروطهٔ ایران) (History of the Constitutional Revolution of Iran), in Persian, 951 p. (Negāh Publications, Tehran, 2003), . This book is also available in two volumes, published by Amir Kabir Publications in 1984. Amir Kabir's 1961 edition is in one volume, 934 pages.
John Foran, The Strengths and Weaknesses of Iran's Populist Alliance: A Class Analysis of the Constitutional Revolution of 1905 - 1911, Theory and Society, Vol. 20', No. 6, pp. 795–823 (December 1991). JSTOR
See also
Muhammad Kazim Khurasani
Mirza Ali Aqa Tabrizi
Tobacco Protest
Iran-United Kingdom relations
Iran-Russia relations
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Iranian Institute for Contemporary Historical Studies (مؤسسۀ مطالعات تاریخ معاصر ایران)
1842 births
1920 deaths
People of the Persian Constitutional Revolution
People from Karbala
20th-century revolutions
Moderate Socialists Party politicians
Robertson–Cataract Electric Building, also known as The Corn Exchange and 100 South, is a historic commercial building located in downtown Buffalo in Erie County, New York. It was built in 1915–1916, and is a four-story, five bay, reinforced concrete building faced in brick in the Renaissance Revival-style. The building was expanded in 1919. It features terra cotta and polychromatic brick details in hues of red, brown, and purple. It originally housed a retail showroom and warehouse space for the Robertson–Cataract Electric Co.
In July 2012, global engineering firm T. Y. Lin International announced it would lease 6,500 square feet in the building.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Renaissance Revival architecture in New York (state)
Commercial buildings completed in 1919
Industrial buildings completed in 1919
Buildings and structures in Buffalo, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Buffalo, New York
Anna Rokita (born 30 January 1986) is an Austrian long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.  They are the daughter of Polish speed skater Jerzy Rokita.
Personal records
Career highlights
Olympic Winter Games
2006 – Torino, 16th at 3000 m
2006 – Torino, 27th at 1500 m
2006 – Torino, 12th at 5000 m
World Allround Championships
2006 – Calgary, 22nd
World Single Distance Championships
2005 – Inzell, 20th at 1500 m
2005 – Inzell, 17th at 3000 m
European Allround Championships
2005 – Heerenveen, 15th
2006 – Hamar, 15th
2007 – Collalbo, 15th
2008 – Kolomna, 15th
World Junior Allround Championships
2001 – Groningen, 24th
2002 – Collalbo, 13th
2003 – Kushiro, 5th
2004 – Roseville, Minnesota, 18th
2005 – Seinäjoki, 8th
National Championships
2001 – Innsbruck, 3rd at allround
2003 – Innsbruck, 2nd at allround
2003 – Innsbruck, 1st at sprint
2004 – Inzell, 1st at allround
2004 – Collalbo, 1st at sprint
2005 – Innsbruck, 1st at sprint
Nordic Junior Games
2004 – Berlin, 3rd at 1000 m
Winter Universiade
2005 – Innsbruck, 2nd at 5000 m
External links
Rokita at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Rokita at SkateResults.com
1986 births
Living people
Austrian female speed skaters
Austrian people of Polish descent
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Austria
Sportspeople from Innsbruck
Universiade medalists in speed skating
Universiade gold medalists for Austria
Competitors at the 2005 Winter Universiade
Speed skaters at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Medalists at the 2007 Winter Universiade
Notiomys edwardsii, also known as Edwards's long-clawed mouse, Edward's long-clawed akodont, or Milne-Edwards' long-clawed mouse, is a rodent in the tribe Abrotrichini from southern Argentina. It is the only species in the genus Notiomys, although species of Chelemys and Geoxus were formerly included in that genus.
Description
Edwards's long-clawed mouse is a small mouse with a short tail, having a total length of about , including a tail of about . The dorsal fur is dense and soft and about long, each hair having a grey shaft and being tipped with ochre, giving an agouti effect. The underparts have grey hairs tipped with white, and the two body colours are separated by grey hairs tipped with orange. The eyes are small, the snout is tipped with a pink, leathery button, and the sides of the muzzle have orange spots. The whiskers are white, the longest being about in length. The pinnae are small and rounded, the thin margins being clad in white hairs. The tail is well furred, being buffy-white above and white below. The fore feet have long nails some in length. The hind feet are short and broad, being fringed with bristly hairs at the sides, and having furred heel pads and naked soles; they have claws.
Distribution and habitat
The species is endemic to Santa Cruz Province, Chubut Province and Río Negro Province in southern Argentina. Its typical habitats are shrubby and herbaceous steppe, grassy steppes and rocky plateaus with shrubs and bunchgrass.
Ecology
The ecology of this burrowing mouse has been little studied. It mostly feeds on insects but may also consume seeds. One specimen was found inside the burrow of a Haig's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys haigi). Before 1998, only eight localities across Patagonia were known. More recently, as a result of more-intensive surveys, over fifty localities have been identified, some by finding the remains of mice in owl pellets.
Conservation status
Edwards's long-clawed mouse has a wide range and is present in several protected areas. It is common in some places and uncommon in others, and is assumed to have a large total population. No particular threats have been identified and the population appears to be steady, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
Literature cited
Duff, A. and Lawson, A. 2004. Mammals of the World: A checklist. New Haven, Connecticut: Yale University Press, 312 pp.
Abrotrichini
Mammals of Argentina
Mammals described in 1890
Taxa named by Oldfield Thomas
Dorothy Duncan (1903 – April 22, 1957), American writer and artist, won the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction in 1946 for their book Partner in Three Worlds.
Born in East Orange, New Jersey in 1903 to Dorothy and Edwin L. Duncan, Dorothy Duncan grew up in the Chicago area and suffered from rheumatic fever which limited their physical abilities in later years. They earned a Bachelor of Science at Northwestern University in 1925 and worked in a variety of small businesses in Chicago. During a return journey from Europe in 1932, Duncan met Hugh MacLennan on board the SS Pennland. They married in 1936 and settled in Montreal.
Duncan wrote several semi-autographical works describing their encounters with Canadian culture before their health began to limit their activities in the late 1940s. Them award-winning Partner in Three Worlds was a biography of Jan Rieger, a Czech-Canadian soldier who fought in both World Wars.
Duncan died on Easter Day in 1957 of cancer.
Works
You Can Live in an Apartment (1939)
Here's to Canada! (1941)
Bluenose: A Portrait of Nova Scotia (1942)
Partner in Three Worlds (1944)
References
External links
1903 births
1957 deaths
20th-century American women writers
20th-century Canadian women writers
Governor General's Award-winning non-fiction writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century Canadian non-fiction writers
Canadian women non-fiction writers
American expatriate writers in Canada
American emigrants to Canada
20th-century American biographers
American women biographers
Canadian biographers
Peter August Poppe (17 August 1870 – 13 February 1933) was a Norwegian-born engineer, designer and developer of engines and complete motor vehicles for the British motor industry. They were a co-founder of the engine manufacturer White and Poppe.
Biography
Poppe was born at Skogn in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway. They graduated from Horten Technical School (Horten tekniske skole) in Vestfold. They were employed by Kongsberg Gruppen and later lent by them to the weapons factory, Steyr Mannlicher at Steyr, Austria.
In August 1897 they met with trained watchmaker Alfred James White, son of English watchmaker, Joseph White (1836-1906). In September 1899, with financial backing from the White family they incorporated White and Poppe Limited and started in business in Coventry, England. Peter August Poppe was technical director. In November 1919 the White family sold their share to steady customers, Dennis Brothers Limited of Guildford. Poppe remained with the business until 1923 then joined the Rover Company as chief engineer.
It is claimed that after the Armistice in 1918 Poppe's partner, White, was offered a knighthood which they declined because Poppe as a foreign national was unable to receive the same honour.
They had been elected a member of the Institution of Automobile Engineers by 1909.
Poppe put into production at Rover their already completed design for a new 2-litre car. It became their 14/45. Poppe's new engine was considered very advanced but complex particularly in its valve gear. There were numerous other smaller innovative complexities as well. The resulting car though very comfortable was heavy and considered underpowered. Within twelve months Rover had added a 2.4-litre 16/50 to their range, a sister car with a larger engine. They were a disaster for Rover, expensive to build and not popular with customers. Around 2,000 were built. So Poppe designed another car with a 2-litre six-cylinder engine but similar results. Their last design became the foundation of all Rover engines until 1948. Rover was saved by Spencer Wilks' new management practices and engineering techniques.
Eventually in 1929 Peter Poppe fell out with managing director Frank Searle and Poppe left in September that year.
They had a stroke and died suddenly at Coventry on 13 February 1933, aged 62. Their wife had predeceased them by five years.
Eldest son Erling Poppe is separately mentioned. Olaf Poppe was Rover's chief planning engineer in 1949 and was also one of the team that developed Rover's gas turbines. In the same period Gunnar Poppe was works manager for Sunbeam-Talbot having joined the Rootes Group after ten years, 1923 to 1932, with Austin. They were captain of the London Welsh Rugby fifteen.
Notes
References
1870 births
1933 deaths
People from Levanger
Norwegian engineers
British automotive pioneers
Norwegian expatriates in Austria-Hungary
Norwegian emigrants to the United Kingdom
British automotive engineers
British motorcycle designers
British motorcycle pioneers
Biljarda (Serbian and Montenegrin Cyrillic: Биљарда) is a (former) royal residence in Cetinje, the historic capital of Montenegro. The palace is located in the historic center of Cetinje, near the Cetinje Monastery. Prince-Bishop Petar II Petrović-Njegoš started the building of the palace on 29 March 1838. Initially, it was called the 'New House', but soon it got its new name 'Biljarda' (Billiard House) after the central room on the first floor which contained a billiard table, the prince-bishop's favorite game.
Designed by the Russian Lieutenant Colonel Jakov Nikolaevich Ozeretskovsky, the Biljarda palace has the appearance of a medieval fortified feudal castle: a rectangular two-storied stone building, covered with lead, enclosed by a high stone wall with four defensive towers on the corners. At the time of its construction, it was an impressive building, over 70 metres in length and 7.5 metres wide. It contains eleven rooms on the ground floor and 14 rooms on the first floor. The palace was not only the home of the prince-bishop, but also provided accommodation to the Senate and other state authorities as well as being a guest house for important visitors.
The palace served as a royal residence until 1867, when the Montenegrin royal family moved to King Nikola's Palace. At the start of the 20th century, it housed various ministries and the two world wars it was used by the military. Currently, it is part of the National Museum of Montenegro.
References
Bibliography
Dušan D. Vuksan, »Biljarda vladike Rada«, Zapisi : glasnik Cetinjskog istorijskog društva, knj. 25., 1-2, Cetinje, 1941., str. 15.,
Risto J. Dragićević (6. rujna 1901. - 15. prosinca 1980.), »Njegoševa biljarda«, Istoriski zapisi : organ Istoriskog društva Narodne Republike Crne Gore, God. I., br. 3. — 4., Cetinje, 1948., str. 113. — 138.
Jevto Milović, »Njegoševa „Biljarda”«, Istoriski zapisi : organ Istoriskog društva Narodne Republike Crne Gore, , God. IV., knj. VII., br. 1–3, Cetinje, 1951., str. 1. – 15.,
External links
Biljarda on the official website of the National Museum of Montenegro
Cetinje
Palaces in Montenegro
Royal residences in Montenegro
Petar II Petrović-Njegoš
Franz von Hatzfeld (13 September 1596 – 30 July 1642) was the Prince-Bishop of Würzburg from 1631 to 1642 and the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1633 to 1642.
Franz von Hatzfeld was born in Crottorf, near Friesenhagen, on 13 September 1596, the third son of Freiherr Sebastian von Hatzfeld-Wildenburg (1566-1631) and their wife Lucia von Sickingen (1569–1605), a granddaughter of Franz von Sickingen. Their elder brother was Melchior von Hatzfeldt, Imperial field marshal. Their father had been raised a Protestant, but converted to Roman Catholicism.
In 1615, they became a canon of Würzburg Cathedral and, two years later, of Bamberg Cathedral. At age thirty, they became head cantor of Bamberg Cathedral, and the next year, became diocesan administrator of Würzburg. They then served as provost of the Gangolfskirche in Bamberg.
The cathedral chapter of Würzburg Cathedral elected them Prince-Bishop of Würzburg on 7 August 1631, with Pope Urban VIII confirming their appointment on 3 January 1632.
With the Thirty Years' War raging, Swedish troops occupied the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg and Franz von Hatzfeld fled to Cologne as a protective measure. On 20 June 1633 Lord High Chancellor of Sweden Axel Oxenstierna declared that the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg and the Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg would henceforth be combined as the "Duchy of Franconia" and enfeoffed to Bernard of Saxe-Weimar.
On 4 August 1633 the cathedral chapter of Bamberg Cathedral (which had escaped to the Duchy of Carinthia) elected Franz von Hatzfeld Prince-Bishop of Bamberg, with Pope Urban VIII confirming this appointment on 31 October 1633. This created a personal union between the Prince-Bishopric of Würzburg and the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg.
Following the Battle of Nördlingen of 5–6 September 1634, Franz von Hatzfeld ended their Cologne exile, returning to Würzburg in November 1634, accompanied by the troops of Philipp von Mansfeld.
They died of a stroke in Würzburg on 30 July 1642.
References
1596 births
1642 deaths
Prince-Bishops of Würzburg
Prince-Bishops of Bamberg
House of Hatzfeld
James Dallas Yeomans (April 21, 1845 – October 31, 1906) was an American politician and railway executive, who served from 1894 to 1905 as a commissioner of the Interstate Commerce Commission.
Born in Bennington, New York, and educated there, Yeomans worked as a railwayman from age 17, rising to the position of general superintendent. After spending time building railways, they moved to Iowa, where was elected to the State Senate. They became head of a manufacturer's association, and was appointed to the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) in 1894 by President Grover Cleveland. Yeomans was reappointed by President William McKinley and then by Theodore Roosevelt. They retired from the commission in 1905 and spent time pursuing their business interests until they died in Washington, D.C., in 1906.
Early life
Yeomans was born in Bennington, New York, and educated in the public schools there. In 1862, they obtained a job with the Erie Railroad Company, and served two years with the company. They then went to Chattanooga, Tennessee, and worked on railroads for the Federal Government for the remainder of the American Civil War.
Executive
Yeomans returned to the Northeast after the war. In 1872, they became assistant superintendent of the Buffalo, New York and Philadelphia Railway, and a year later was made its superintendent. They also served as General Superintendent of the Olean, Bradford and Warren Railway. They were then involved in railroad building in New York, Pennsylvania, and Michigan.
Politics
In 1888, Yeomans moved to Iowa, where they engaged in stock farming. In 1890, they were elected to the Iowa State Senate.
Yeomans helped organize the Sioux City Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Association, which became powerful in protecting the interest of the commercial cities of the Upper Midwest. It was the work for the association that suggested them as a candidate for the ICC.
On April 2, 1894, President Cleveland appointed them to fill an unexpired term through 1898, filling a vacancy caused by the death of Commissioner James W. McDill. Yeomans was confirmed by the Senate on April 27, and took the oath of office five days later. They were reappointed by President McKinley on January 6, 1899, for a full term ending December 31, 1904, and was confirmed the following day. President Roosevelt reappointed Yeomans on January 13, 1905, for a third term, and Yeomans was confirmed by the Senate the same day. They resigned on March 1, 1905, effective March 6, and was succeeded by former Senator Francis Cockrell.
After their retirement from the ICC, Yeomans devoted themselves to their business interests. They died October 31, 1906, according to The New York Times of a complication of disease.
Notes
1845 births
1906 deaths
People from Wyoming County, New York
Iowa state senators
People of the Interstate Commerce Commission
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
19th-century American railroad executives
Iowa Republicans
19th-century American politicians
The Hall, at times known as Kingston House and The Duke's House, is a Grade I listed Jacobean mansion in Bradford-on-Avon, Wiltshire, England.
History
The Hall was built around 1610 for John Hall, a wealthy mill owner, and is at the east end of the town. The Hall family of Bradford can be traced back to at least the 13th century, under the name of "De Aulâ" or "De la Sale" (salle being french for hall). John Hall's grandson, also named John Hall, had no legitimate children and left their estate to their great-niece Rachel Baynton. They later married William Pierrepont, who became Duke of Kingston-upon-Hull, giving the house its alternate names. After the second Duke died without issue, the house was sold to Thomas Divett, in 1802, who established a woollen mill, and sublet the house, which fell into disrepair. In 1848, the house was sold to Stephen Moulton, who undertook major restorations. During the restoration, many old documents were discovered, which were catalogued by Canon J.E.Jackson.
Architecture
The Hall, in particular the south front, is notable for having "more glass than wall". Not all contemporaries approved of the style. Francis Bacon in On Building refers to "fair houses so full of glass that one cannot tell where to become to be out of the sun or cold". The architect is not known. Similarities of style to Longleat, not far away and built about 30 years earlier, have led to suggestions that Robert Smythson may have been involved in the design.
The building sits high on a terrace. The south front has three projecting bays of two stories, with gables above. The outer two bays are wider than the central one, and have semi-circular projections. Open rings above the bays form a kind of balustrade. The terrace has a balustrade with a central staircase, leading to the main doorway of the house, which has a round arch, flanking Tuscan columns, and scroll-work above. Inside, the ceilings are high, and there are a number of Jacobean chimney-pieces and moulded plaster ceilings.
Gardens
The house stands in grounds of some , which were landscaped in the mid-19th century and recorded at Grade II on the National Register of Historic Parks and Gardens in 1987. John Moulton, the younger son of Stephen Moulton who inherited the estate in 1894, carried out extensive improvements and added many plants and trees. Further improvements were made from the 1960s by John's grandson Alex Moulton, who used the north-east corner of the site for their Moulton bicycle works.
The landscaping is in several sections. Just east of the house, a square lawn is surrounded by a clipped yew hedge. To the west, a path across another lawn leads to a small stone temple, probably 19th-century, having a triangular pediment supported by two Doric columns. South of the house is a large Grade II* listed balustraded terrace with 18th-century stonework, added to in the 19th century. In the far south is an octagonal building in rubble stone, from the late 18th century or early 19th; originally a dovecote, it was later an entrance lodge and is now a dwelling. The eastern parts of the grounds are informal pleasure gardens, with stables (created from a barn by Harold Brakspear in 1901–02) and a paddock; here is another small temple, probably from the 18th century, with four Tuscan columns.
Gallery
Assessment
The Hall has been highly regarded from its early days to the present. John Aubrey (1670) described it as "the best built house for the quality of a gentleman in Wiltshire". W. J. Loftie in 1893 called it the most perfect of the smaller houses in the "second Elizabethan" style. The house was selected as the model for the pavilion which was built for the 1900 Exhibition in Paris.
The house was designated as Grade I listed in 1954. Pevsner and Cherry (1975) refer to it as of national importance.
Present day
After the death in 2012 of Alex Moulton, great-grandson of Stephen Moulton, under the terms of their will the house – along with investments, land, outbuildings and cottages – was gifted to a charitable trust. In 2020 the trust was reorganised as a charitable incorporated organisation, the Alex Moulton Charitable Trust, which continues to preserve and maintain the Hall and its collections, and promote engineering and design. The trust runs occasional tours of the building and holds events in the grounds.
References
External links
The Alex Moulton Charitable Trust
The Hall, Bradford on Avon at freshford.com
Country houses in Wiltshire
Grade I listed buildings in Wiltshire
Buildings and structures completed in the 1600s
Bradford-on-Avon
Silk City may refer to:
India
Dharmavaram, Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh
Ramanagara, Karnataka
Surat, Gujarat
Chanderi, M.P.
Bhagalpur, Bihar
Bhoodan Pochampally, Telangana
Berhampur or Brahmapur, Odisha
Muddenahalli, Karnataka
Kanchipuram, Tamil Nadu
Arani, Tamil Nadu
Salem, Tamil Nadu
Mubarakpur, Uttar Pradesh
Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh
Bangladesh
Rajshahi
Kuwait
Madinat al-Hareer (Silk City in Arabic)
United States
Manchester, Connecticut
Paterson, New Jersey
Other uses
Silk City (duo), British-American supergroup-duo
Silk City Diners, a chain of American of diners from 1926–1966
Charles Woolcock (died 1891) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Westland, New Zealand.
They represented the Grey Valley electorate from 1876 to 1879, when they retired.
References
Year of birth missing
1891 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Richard Kidston Brown (1887 – 22 January 1971) was a Blacksmith and member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Early days
Brown was born at Dumbarton, Scotland, to John Brown, and their wife Janet (née Kidston). Arriving with their family in 1889, they attended South Brisbane State School before commencing work in the family business as a blacksmith at Coorparoo. In 1922 they gained employment as an insurance inspector.
As a youth, Brown joined the Thompson Estate Harriers Athletic Club, an association that was to last 71 years including 33 years as its president. They excelled at walking and represented Queensland in the national championships.
Political career
After serving as an alderman in the Stephens Shire Council, Brown, standing for the Labor Party, won the safe labor seat of Buranda at the 1947 state election. They held the seat until their defeat in 1957, losing to Keith Hooper of the Liberal Party. Their brother, John Brown, also served in the Queensland Parliament as the member for Logan from 1935 until 1944.
Personal life
On the 28 October 1911, Brown married Lillian May Beeston (died 1980) at Thompson Estate Methodist Church and together had two sons and three daughters. They had been at one time a Sunday School teacher at the Annerley Methodist Church where they regularly attended services for 50 years. A member of the Masons, Brown took a keen interest in the initial construction of the Freemasons Home at Sandgate and although they had never been a returned soldier, Brown was so highly respected that they were made Patron of the Stephens RSL.
Brown was also involved in several sporting organisations. They were closely associated with the Eastern Suburbs Rugby League Club, both at senior level and was president of the junior club for a record term. They were also a member of both the Annerly and Buranda Bowls clubs and the green at Buranda was named the R.K. Brown Green in their honour.
A man who served their State and its people with considerable credit, Brown died in Brisbane in 1971 and was cremated at Mount Thompson Crematorium.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1887 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Australian politicians
Deep learning speech synthesis uses Deep Neural Networks (DNN) to produce
artificial speech from text (text-to-speech) or spectrum (vocoder).
The deep neural networks are trained using a large amount of recorded speech and, in the case of
a text-to-speech system, the associated labels and/or input text.
Some DNN-based speech synthesizers are approaching the naturalness of the human voice.
Formulation
Given an input text or some sequence of linguistic unit , the target speech can be derived by
where is the model parameter.
Typically, the input text will first be passed to an acoustic feature generator, then the acoustic features are passed to the neural vocoder. For the acoustic feature generator, the Loss function is typically L1 or L2 loss. These loss functions impose a constraint that the output acoustic feature distributions must be Gaussian or Laplacian. In practice, since the human voice band ranges from approximately 300 to 4000 Hz, the loss function will be designed to have more penalty on this range:
where is the loss from human voice band and is a scalar typically around 0.5. The acoustic feature is typically Spectrogram or spectrogram in Mel scale. These features capture the time-frequency relation of speech signal and thus, it is sufficient to generate intelligent outputs with these acoustic features. The Mel-frequency cepstrum feature used in the speech recognition task is not suitable for speech synthesis because it reduces too much information.
Brief history
In September 2016, DeepMind proposed WaveNet, a deep generative model of raw audio waveforms, demonstrating that deep learning-based models are capable of modeling raw waveforms and generating speech from acoustic features like spectrograms or mel-spectrograms. Although WaveNet was initially considered too be computationally expensive and slow to be used in consumer products at the time, a year after its release, DeepMind unveiled a modified version of WaveNet known as "Parallel WaveNet," a production model 1,000 faster than the original.
In early 2017, Mila proposed char2wav, a model to produce raw waveform in an end-to-end method. In the same year, Google and Facebook proposed Tacotron and VoiceLoop, respectively, to generate acoustic features directly from the input text; months later, Google proposed Tacotron2, which combined the WaveNet vocoder with the revised Tacotron architecture to perform end-to-end speech synthesis. Tacotron2 can generate high-quality speech approaching the human voice. Since then, end-to-end methods have become the hottest research topic because many researchers around the world have started to notice the power of end-to-end speech synthesizers.
Semi-supervised learning
Currently, self-supervised learning has gained much attention through better use of unlabelled data. Research has shown that, with the aid of self-supervised loss, the need for paired data decreases.
Zero-shot speaker adaptation
Zero-shot speaker adaptation is promising because a single model can generate speech with various speaker styles and characteristic. In June 2018, Google proposed to use pre-trained speaker verification models as speaker encoders to extract speaker embeddings. The speaker encoders then become part of the neural text-to-speech models, so that it can determine the style and characteristics of the output speech. This procedure has shown the community that it is possible to use only a single model to generate speech with multiple styles.
Neural vocoder
In deep learning-based speech synthesis, neural vocoders play an important role in generating high-quality speech from acoustic features. The WaveNet model proposed in 2016 achieves excellent performance on speech quality. Wavenet factorised the joint probability of a waveform as a product of conditional probabilities as follows
where is the model parameter including many dilated convolution layers. Thus, each audio sample is conditioned on the samples at all previous timesteps. However, the auto-regressive nature of WaveNet makes the inference process dramatically slow. To solve this problem, Parallel WaveNet was proposed. Parallel WaveNet is an inverse autoregressive flow-based model which is trained by knowledge distillation with a pre-trained teacher WaveNet model. Since such inverse autoregressive flow-based models are non-auto-regressive when performing inference, the inference speed is faster than real-time. Meanwhile, Nvidia proposed a flow-based WaveGlow model, which can also generate speech faster than real-time. However, despite the high inference speed, parallel WaveNet has the limitation of needing a pre-trained WaveNet model, so that WaveGlow takes many weeks to converge with limited computing devices. This issue has been solved by Parallel WaveGAN, which learns to produce speech through multi-resolution spectral loss and GAN learning strategies.
References
Speech synthesis
Applications of artificial intelligence
Assistive technology
Auditory displays
Computational linguistics
History of human–computer interaction
Zoran Petkovski is a former Macedonian professional basketball Guard.  They are a head coach of Pelister of Macedonian First League.
References
External links
Eurobasket Profile
RealGM Profile
1978 births
Living people
Macedonian men's basketball players
Guards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Bitola
Macedonian basketball coaches
Novaya Golovinka () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
Geography
The village is located in the Yasenok River basin (a right tributary of the Svapa River), 106 km from the Russia–Ukraine border, 63 km north-west of Kursk, 18 km north-west of the district center – the town Fatezh, 4 km from the selsoviet center – Verkhny Lyubazh.
Climate
Novaya Golovinka has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Transport
Novaya Golovinka is located 1.5 km from the federal route Crimea Highway (a part of the European route ), 24.5 km from the route (a part of the European route ), 2 km from the road of intermunicipal significance (M2 "Crimea Highway" – Yasenok), 25.5 km from the nearest railway station Kurbakinskaya (railway line Arbuzovo – Luzhki-Orlovskiye).
The rural locality is situated 65 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 186 km from Belgorod International Airport and 240 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Yasenok () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
Geography
The village is located on the Yasenok River (a right tributary of the Svapa River), 106 km from the Russia–Ukraine border, 66 km north-west of Kursk, 21 km north-west of the district center – the town Fatezh, 7 km from the selsoviet center – Verkhny Lyubazh.
Climate
Yasenok has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Transport
Yasenok is located 1.5 km from the federal route Crimea Highway (a part of the European route ), 20 km from the route (a part of the European route ), on the road of intermunicipal significance (M2 "Crimea Highway" – Yasenok), 23 km from the nearest railway station Kurbakinskaya (railway line Arbuzovo – Luzhki-Orlovskiye).
The rural locality is situated 67.5 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 188 km from Belgorod International Airport and 241 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
The refers to a series of Japanese Antarctic expeditions for scientific research.
The first JARE expedition was launched in 1957 to coordinate with the International Geophysical Year. This was the team which left 15 dogs, including Taro and Jiro, behind after an emergency evacuation in February 1958.
Expeditions to the Antarctic took place from 1968 to 1977, and ice cores were drilled on these expeditions, mostly at Mizuho.
A later instance was an ecological expedition studying the ecosystems near Showa Station in Antarctica. The project was first undertaken in February 1986. It was associated with the international BIOTAS program, which also launched in 1986. Taxonomical studies of some organisms (particularly plants and small animals) were carried out by the expedition.
The current research expedition is and began in November 2018 as part of the "Japanese Antarctic Research Project Phase IX".
References
Sources
External links
|BIOSPHERE|AQUATIC+ECOSYSTEMS|RIVERS%2FSTREAM+HABITAT&OrigMetadataNode=GCMD&EntryId=JP_ANTARCTIC_JARE_ECOSYS&MetadataView=Full&MetadataType=0&lbnode=mdlb3 NASA site detailing the 1986 expedition
Antarctic expeditions
Japanese Antarctic Program
Expeditions from Japan
1968 establishments in Japan
The T-100 was a Soviet twin-turreted heavy tank prototype, designed in 1938–39 as a possible replacement for the T-35 heavy tank. The T-100 was designed by N. Barykov's OKMO design team at S.M. Kirov Factory No. 185 in Leningrad. The T-100 was originally conceived with three turrets and was eventually built with two. It was in competition with a similar design - the SMK - but neither were adopted and instead a single turret version of the SMK was ordered as the KV-1. All three prototypes were tested at the same time in the Battle of Summa during the Winter War with Finland.
Development
The project was initiated by the Red Army's need to replace the aging five-turreted T-35 tank based on combat experience in the Spanish Civil War. One of the lessons the Red Army drew from this conflict was the need for heavy 'shell-proof' armor on medium and heavy tanks. Although the T-35 was never used in Spain, its thin armor was vulnerable to the small towed antitank guns and gun-armed tanks encountered there by Soviet T-26 and BT tanks.
The T-100 was in direct competition against the very similar SMK heavy tank, by Lt-Colonel Josef Kotin's team at the Leningrad Kirovsky Factory. The original specification was for a five-turreted "anti-tank gun destroyer" which would resist 37–45 mm guns at any range and 76.2 mm artillery at 1,200 m. Both design teams objected to the antiquated multi-turreted design and the requirement was reduced to two turrets before serious design work began. Both tanks had some modern features, including thick, welded armor, radios and torsion bar suspension (another feature insisted upon by the design teams).
Description
The T-100 tank had two turrets one in front of the other requiring a long chassis. The front turret, mounting a 45 mm anti-tank gun had a limited area of fire due to the second turret behind. The second turret, mounting a 76.2 mm gun, was set taller on top of the superstructure than the first and so able to turn a full 360 degrees. The multi-turret concept - usually a mix of cannon and machine gun turrets - had been common in the 1920s, with the British one-off Vickers A1E1 Independent influencing the Soviet T-35.
Service history
The prototype T-100 tank was briefly tested alongside the other designs in the Soviet invasion of Finland in 1939 without success. It was never put into production, due to the archaic design concept, poor mobility and the availability of a far superior alternative, the KV series.
Variants
SU-100Y - In an attempt to rush a tank armed with a large howitzer capable of dealing with Finnish bunkers into use, one of the T-100s was converted into the SU-100Y self-propelled gun. It did not go into production, although the prototype was used in the defence of Moscow in 1941.
References
Zaloga, Steven J. and James Grandsen (1981). Soviet Heavy Tanks. London: Osprey Publishing. .
Zaloga, Steven J. and James Grandsen (1984). Soviet Tanks and Combat Vehicles of World War Two. London: Arms and Armour Press. .
Zaloga, Steven J. and Peter Sarson (1996). KV-1 & 2 Heavy Tanks 1939–1945. Oxford: Osprey Publishing. .
Interwar tanks of the Soviet Union
Multi-turreted tanks
Heavy tanks of the Soviet Union
Abandoned military projects of the Soviet Union
Trial and research tanks of the Soviet Union
Independence County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 36,647. The county seat is Batesville. Independence County is Arkansas's ninth county, formed on October 20, 1820, from a portion of Lawrence County and named in commemoration of the Declaration of Independence. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
The Batesville, AR Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Independence County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
List of highways
U.S. Highway 167
Arkansas Highway 14
Arkansas Highway 25
Arkansas Highway 37
Arkansas Highway 69
Arkansas Highway 69 Business
Arkansas Highway 87
Arkansas Highway 106
Arkansas Highway 122
Arkansas Highway 157
Arkansas Highway 230
Arkansas Highway 233
Arkansas Highway 333
Arkansas Highway 367
Arkansas Highway 394
Adjacent counties
Sharp County (north)
Lawrence County (northeast)
Jackson County (east)
White County (south)
Cleburne County (southwest)
Stone County (west)
Izard County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 37,938 people, 14,322 households, and 9,929 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 34,233 people, 13,467 households, and 9,669 families residing in the county. The population density was 45 people per square mile (17/km2). There were 14,841 housing units at an average density of 19 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.91% White, 2.04% Black or African American, 0.45% Native American, 0.65% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.64% from other races, and 1.28% from two or more races. 1.53% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 13,467 households, out of which 32.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.00% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.20% were non-families. 25.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 9.20% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 24.10% from 45 to 64, and 14.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 96.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,920, and the median income for a family was $38,444. Males had a median income of $27,284 versus $20,086 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,163. About 9.90% of families and 13.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.10% of those under age 18 and 14.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Independence County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Communities
Cities
Batesville (county seat)
Cave City
Cushman
Newark
Southside
Towns
Magness
Moorefield
Oil Trough
Pleasant Plains
Sulphur Rock
Census-designated places
Bethesda
Desha
Floral
Salado
Other unincorporated communities
Antioch (Independence County)
Cedar Grove
Charlotte
Cord
Dota
Gainsboro
Jamestown
Limedale
Locust Grove
McHue
Pfeiffer
Rosie
Sandtown
Thida
Walnut Grove
Townships
Ashley
Barren (contains part of Cave City)
Big Bottom-Wycough-Logan Township (contains Newark)
Black River-Marshell
Cushman-Union (contains Cushman)
Departee
Dota
Fairview (contains Pleasant Plains)
Gainsboro
Greenbrier
Hill
Huff
Jefferson
Liberty
McHue (contains part of Batesville)
Magness (contains Magness)
Moorefield (contains Moorefield, part of Batesville)
Oil Trough (contains Oil Trough)
Relief
Rosie
Ruddell (contains most of Batesville)
Salado
Washington
White River (contains Sulphur Rock)
Source:
See also
List of lakes in Independence County, Arkansas
James Sturch, state representative for Independence County
National Register of Historic Places listings in Independence County, Arkansas
References
1820 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1820
The Brooklyn Cultural District (formerly known as the BAM-Downtown Brooklyn Cultural District) is a $100 million development project that focuses on the arts, public spaces and affordable housing in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York. The project reflected the joint efforts of New York City's Economic Development Corporation, the Department of Cultural Affairs, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the Department of City Planning, and the Downtown Brooklyn Partnership to continue to develop the Brooklyn neighborhood area. Joining the area's longtime institutional stakeholders (BAM, the Brooklyn Museum and the Brooklyn Public Library) are new homes for Mark Morris Dance Group, Theatre for a New Audience (TFANA), UrbanGlass and BRIC Arts and the BAM's Fisher Building.
The district, roughly bounded by Flatbush Avenue, Fulton Street and Hanson Place, has been the focus of development since 2004 when 80 Arts/the James E. Davis Arts Building was renovated to be home to twelve nonprofit arts groups. After a series of stops and starts during which the district's future was uncertain, this was followed in 2008 by the opening of the Irondale Center for Theater, Education and Outreach in the historic Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church. Performing arts spaces, ISSUE Project Room at 22 Boerum Place, and BAM Fisher at 321 Ashland Place, followed in 2012 and TFANA's new building opened for performances in 2014.
Additional theater space that is home to Bang on a Can and Cool Culture opened in 2019, as did BAM Park, which was originally funded in 2014. BAM South, also known as 300 Ashland, developed by Two Trees provides affordable housing and an additional cultural component with homes for the Museum of Contemporary African Diasporan Arts, a Brooklyn Public Library branch and an expansion of BAM Cinemas to be known as BAM Karen.
References
Downtown Brooklyn
Fort Greene, Brooklyn
The McMillan Memorial Library is a public library situated in Nairobi, Kenya. It is the oldest library in Nairobi, and the second oldest in Kenya after the Seif bin Salim Library in Mombasa.
History
The library was built by the McMillan family to celebrate William Northrup McMillan, who died in 1925. Conceived by Lucie McMillan, construction of the building was largely financed by the Carnegie Corporation of New York, close family friends of the McMillans. The Library was officially opened on 5 June 1931 by Sir Joseph A. Byrne, Governor of Kenya.
Design
The building is a neo-classical design featuring granite-clad columns along the façade and a grand white marble trapezoidal stairway leading up to the portico. Two lions statues guard either side of the entrance. The statues were donated by Sir John and Lady Harrington, cousins of McMillan. The external walls were constructed of smooth rendered stone under a flat roof and the internal walls are clad in polished timber panels. The windows are glazed in tall steel casements allowing for ample natural lighting and the doors are made of heavy hardwood panels hung in timber frames, pedimented to the lintels. The floors are finished in parquet to the main areas with terrazzo to the entrance way.
Collections
The library holds more than 400,000 books including East African newspapers and periodicals dating back to 1901. It has been home to the proceedings of Parliamentary since its inception.
The McMillan Memorial Library Act
The McMillan Memorial Library is the only building in Kenya protected by a specific Act of Parliament, the McMillan Memorial Library Act Cap 217 of 1938 which provided that the library was for the exclusive use of Europeans in addition to the usual conditions for preservation of monuments. The library was bequeathed to the Nairobi City Council and was opened to the general public in 1962.
Restoration
Restoration efforts to restore the library and its branches in Kaloleni and Makadara are being spearheaded by Wanjiru Koinange and Angela Wachuka under Book Bunk Trust.
References
Public libraries
Libraries in Kenya
Buildings and structures in Nairobi
Domenico del Barbieri (c. 1506 - c. 1570) was a Florentine artist of the Renaissance period, also referred to as Domenico del Barbiere, Domenico Fiorentino, and, in France, Dominique Florentin.
They settled and married at Troyes in France between 1530 and 1533. They joined the studio of Italian artists who worked with Primaticcio and Rosso Fiorentino at Fontainebleau and Meudon. They worked both on the stucco-work and frescoes. They were also an engraver.
In 1541, they returned to Troyes, where they enjoyed success as a sculptor for churches. Their style of sculpture was influenced, particularly in the heads and the drapery, by Andrea Sansovino, and shows Mannerist characteristics. Their Charity, at St. Pantaléon in Troyes, suggests that del Barbieri was aware of the contrapposto style of Michelangelo. Their relief work for the tomb of Claude, Duke of Guise (died 1550), reveals the possible influence of Rosso and of Francesco Salviati.
Vasari noted del Barbieri in their writings.
Under the direction of Primaticcio, del Barbieri executed the base for the monument for the heart of Henry II of France, the figures for which were sculpted by Germain Pilon. Pilon may have been influenced in the flowing drapery of the figures of the Three Graces by del Barbieri's work. The monument was del Barbieri's last known commission.
Notes
References
Blunt, Anthony. Art and Architecture in France: 1500–1700. New Haven (CT): Yale University Press, [1957] 1999 edition. .
1500s births
1570s deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Renaissance sculptors
16th-century Italian sculptors
Italian male sculptors
Christ Church is a historical building and a school located in the Hazratganj area of Lucknow, India. It is the first English church in Northern India and the third in the country.
History
The British built their first church in India at Madras (Chennai) in 1680, (it was also named St. Mary's Church), followed by another built in Calcutta in 1770, the St. John's Church. With 1810 as the year of construction of St. Mary's Church in the British Residency, Lucknow naturally becomes the third city, as no other English church was built between 1770 and 1819.
The church was under fire from the rebels (freedom fighters), the heaviest of which were on 31 July – 5 August 1857. The British were besieged and used the church as a store-house for ghee. At one stage they seriously considered blowing up the church but gave up the idea to save expenditure of gunpowder, which was scarce.
The garden of the church was converted into a cemetery. The first to be buried there were victims of the surprise attack by the rebels at Mandiaon cantonment on 30 May 1857.
In 1860, Christ Church, situated towards the east of G.P.O. in Hazratganj, was built as a memorial to the dead of the Mutiny for their unparalleled bravery, it was originally known as the Church of England and was designed by General Hutchinson. It has the characteristic plan of construction in the form of a cross - the symbol of Christ's sacrifice for humankind. The transepts on the two sides of the nave symbolise the arms while chancel represents the head.
Architecture
The church was built in the Gothic style with twenty steeples on its top, the church had a cross mounted over the entrance on the north. It had a capacity of a hundred and thirty people. The interior walls of the church still retain a large number of marble tablets and polished brass plaques erected in the memory of the British army officers, civilians and clergy that died during the conflict. One marble tablet in the transept is dedicated to James Grant Thomson, Deputy Commissioner of Muhamadee, who was 'murdered by the mutineers at Aurangabad in Oudh, 5 June,h 1857' according to the inscription. Another is dedicated to Revered Henry Polehampton. The church was enlarged and improved in 1904. A belfry appears attached to the transept on the south. The bell tower has a spire pointing towards the sky with a cross at the pinnacle. The cross is reported to have twisted due to an earthquake in 1933. The church contains stained glass trip-tych murals representing the iconic figures of the Christian faith.
The larger spire provides the background for the altar on the east while the comparatively smaller one appears on the west, above the main entrance. Both the three paneled murals have painted figures framed within intersecting arches crowning the main painting.
College
Today, the Christ Church also functions as a college. It is affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. Christ Church College, which was originally a tiny Anglo Indian School, was founded in 1878 by Mr. H. McConoghey with only two students at Cantonment Road, Lucknow. The School was registered under the name of Christ Church McConoghey School Society, Lucknow under the societies Registration Act XXI of 1860 and governed by the Diocese of Lucknow C.N.I. having its head office at 25 M.G. Road, Allahabad.
The foundation stone of Christ Church College at the present site was laid on 31 January 1939 by Lady Haig. For many years this school was only up to class VIII and in 1967 it had become an intermediate college and Rev Theodore Tiwari was appointed the first Principal of the Intermediate College.
In 1960 onwards two new buildings were added the Junior Wing and the Senior wing which was opened by the Lord Bishop of Lucknow. Physics, Chemistry and Biology Laboratories were set up in 1966 under the administration of Rev Theodore Tiwari in the Senior Wing. Under the administration of Mr. J.M. Ledlie the Principal's Residence was constructed within the College Premises. The Din Dayal Auditorium and the Administrative Block were constructed during the Principalship of Mr. J.M. Ledlie and were declared open by the then Governor of U.P. Dr. M. Chenna Reddy on 24 February 1975 and dedicated to the Rt. Rev. Din Dayal Bishop of Lucknow. The College was also affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations, New Delhi in 1975.
In 1996 the foundation stone of a new block was laid by Rt. Rev. A.R. Stephen Bishop of Diocese Lucknow C.N.I. and Prayed upon by late Rev. A.C.V. Russell. The building consisting of four floors with eight rooms on each floor was dedicated to late Rev. A.R. Yusuf by the Chairman of the Managing Committee Rt. Rev. A.R. Stephen Bishop of Diocese of Lucknow C.N.I.
A Mini Stadium with a lush green field was inaugurated by the Chairman of the Managing Committee Rt. Rev. A.R. Strephen The College is now a full-fledged Anglo Indian European Co-educational College Catering to the needs of 2500 students.
References
Churches in Lucknow
Church of North India church buildings
Five Ways of Disappearing is an album by the American musician Kendra Smith, released in 1995. It marked a full-album return to music for Smith, who for much of the 1990s had been tending to their northern California organic farm. Smith did not do a lot of promotion for the album, and chose not to tour nationally behind it.
Production
The album was produced by Smith and A. Phillip Uberman. Many of its songs were constructed around the use of a pump organ; others used Turkish drums and harmonium. On some songs, Smith randomly arranged words to form the lyrics, and used multitracked vocals.
"Bold Marauder" is a cover of the Mimi and Richard Farina song.
Critical reception
Entertainment Weekly wrote: "Spare and haunting, the eerie keyboards and varied guitar textures drape the songs' slow tempos and rustic melodies, while Smith's cool vocals deliver elusive, psychedelic lyrics." Trouser Press called "Bold Marauder" "one of the best acoustic Led Zeppelin imitations in recent memory," and wrote that "though some songs are amiss, precious or overly derivative, as a personal sampler, Five Ways of Disappearing is an impressive—and colorful—achievement." Rolling Stone determined that "when Smith resigns the organ to a background role and matches their voice's fine edge to the guitar's slightly spacey effects, the results are down to earth and memorable."
Robert Christgau thought that "with the pump organ and all they do have Them Own Sound, especially if you don't remember Nico too clearly—and unlike Nico, they also have a sense of humor." Spin deemed it "a songwriter's album, in the style of Brian Eno's Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy) ... Each package of lyrics is showcased inside of a specific set of instrumental routines." The Knoxville News Sentinel concluded that the album "drags listeners into semi-consciousness two ways: sometimes entrancing with atmosphere, sometimes with lulling tedium."
AllMusic wrote that Smith's "deadpan vocal delivery adds another layer of individuality to an offbeat album by an offbeat artist." Don McLeese, of the Austin American-Statesman, listed Five Ways of Disappearing as the 4th best album of 1995; Miami New Times also included it on a list of the year's 10 best.
Track listing
References
1995 albums
4AD albums
Belkıs is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Black Theama (بلاك تيما) is an Egyptian band that was founded in 2004. The band's musical genre covers a wide range of styles from Nubian rhythms, reggae, hip-hop, and R&B, to music with other African influences. Through their music, they sing to "celebrate the black experience in Egypt." According to Amir Salah, the band strives to maintain a sound true to the name they carry, which is unique, natural, and independent. Black Theama tries to create music that does not fall in line with the "standard pop-music cliches."
"Our project is not to croon about starry-eyed love and teenage heartbreak. We assumed that there was a wide array of emotions and issues not yet tackled in contemporary singing, and we think that there is an insistent demand for that genre" - Ahmed Bahr, singer and co-founder of Black Theama.
Background
The group was founded by Amir Salah El Deen, who was originally in a theater group called "Karisma." Together with their friend Mohamed Abdo, they met the third member of their future group, Ahmed Bahr, at one of their early shows. They worked well together and decided to form a new group which became Black Theama.
Black Theama has collaborated with many other musicians over the years. Massar Egbari and Cairokee are just two of the Egyptian bands that Black Theama has performed with. Aside from the three core singers of Black Theama, many other musicians are also part of the collaboration. Among them was Weka Soliman current guitarist of Canadian rock band Special Ops.
Underground Following
The musical group is unique for its decision to remain an independent band. Black Theama is not affiliated with any large commercial company within the music industry. The group prefers to utilize their own resources to produce their music, recordings, and promotions. Black Theama's fan base and underground following fund the band. Their fan base is totally responsible for the band's success and ability to finance further music production. The cost of music production as an independent group can be expensive; the average cost of producing a record is between LE 100,000 and LE 600,000 Egyptian pounds. Black Theama has produced over 50 songs and a collection of music videos since its beginning.
The band strives to create music that reflects and captures the feel of daily life in Egypt, as well as their experiences as Egyptians from the South.
"It means being special, and being dark-skinned in Egypt... And people from the South have their own character, their own culture - even their tone of voice is different" — singer Mohammed Abdo.
Poets Ramy Yehia, Mido Zoheir, and Diaa el-Rahman have worked with Black Theama to create its unique sound and voice. The band's lyrics reflect the life, issues, and politics of Egyptian society, including lyrics that the "marginalized and underrepresented youth" can relate to.
Black Theama often performs at the Bibliotheca Alexandrina (Library of Alexandria) and at the El Sawy Culture wheel.
Nubian Influence
The Nubian region of Egypt is located in the south of Upper Egypt. Black Theama infuses traditional Nubian folksongs into an alternative modern musical style that is growing in popularity. The musical group has an authentic feel while presenting new sounds and lyrics.[
According to co-founder and singer Mohammad Abdo, "Southern music is one of the main tributaries of Egyptian music, and is a real part of our identity, not only because we originate from Nubia and are dark-skinned. We subconsciously came to recognize how much we're affected by this unique character and culture, and moved by the music. We are always trying to work with the density of black music, including Nubian, and this provides our music with a distinct flavor."
Awards
Black Theama was nominated at the 2013 World Music Awards for Best Group, Best Live Act, Best Song, and Best Video Clip for the song Fi Belad Al-ayy Haga (released June 2013). Black Theama was the first musical group to represent Egypt, as well as the region, at the international competition.
Music
Black Theama has performed throughout Egypt, as well as in TV commercials and movie soundtracks. During the 2013 Ramadan holiday season, Black Theama appeared in a Vodafone commercial. The band also sang the song used for the opening credits of the movie 1000 Mabrouk.
Discography
Ghawy Bany Adameen, غاوي بني آدمين , released in April 2015, produced by Black Theama Productions, contains 14 songs :
Enta Fakerny Hendy إنت فاكرني هندي
Kebert كبرت
Weenik وينك
Kol Mara كل مرة
Ousso Ousso أوسو أوسو
Set El Hosn ست الحسن
Lays Laha Mady ليس لها ماضي
Akhbar Ahram Gomhoreya أخبار أهرام جمهورية
Omaret El Nas عمارة الناس
Ya Beban Ya Aliah يا بيبان يا عالية
Ala Shut El Neel علي شط النيل
Ya Prince El Layaly يا برنس الليالي
Koun Saied كن سعيد
Ghawy Bany Adameen غاوي بني آدمين
Bahar بحار, released in 2010
Kona Soghar كنا صغار
Ouh Ah قرل اه
Bahar بحار
Ensan إنسان
Eh Yaani ايه يعني (This song, which means "What If," received wide popularity breaking into the mainstream. The song describes a man who pokes fun at a girl who abandoned him, sung to a catchy melody.)
ٌYa Sadek يا صديق
Andy Ser عندي سر
Zahmet El Metro زحمة المترو
Alo Al Hob قالوا ع الحب
Maghoun مجنون
Eflet Zemam فلت زمام
Zahma زحمة
Black Theama, released Oct 8, 2013 under the label Arabian Collection.
Songs
Hor حر
Ahla Ayam أحلى أيام
Eflet Zeman إفلت زمام
Moka3ab Sokar مكعب سكر
Kharasan خرسان
Sa3at ساعات
Gowaya (1000 Mabrok) جوايا -من فيلم ١٠٠٠ مبروك
Bab El Donia (1000 Mabrouk) باب الدنيا من فيلم ١٠٠٠ مبروك
Fe Belad El Ay Haga في بلاد الاي حاجة
References
World music groups
Egyptian funk musical groups
Egyptian hip hop groups
Scott Taylor (born 1960) is a former soldier (3 years in the infantry) Canadian journalist, writer and publisher who specializes in military journalism and war reporting. Their coverage has included wars in Cambodia, Africa, the Persian Gulf, Turkey, South Ossetia, the Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya. Scott Taylor is also a former private in the Canadian Forces, PPCLI. They have worked as the editor and publisher of Esprit de Corps, since 1988.
Taylor has aroused a certain amount of controversy during their career; described as "fiercely opinionated", their articles have attracted criticism for their often strongly polemical slant. They have been critical of the Canadian Forces and the Department of National Defence, and has also written in opposition to Western involvement in the Kosovo War, Iraq War and the Libyan Civil War. Taylor has won Press TV's ' Unembedded Journalist of the Year' Award for 2008.
Taylor is a regular op-ed contributor to the Halifax Herald newspaper, as well as the Embassy Magazine. They have also contributed to such publications as the Ottawa Citizen, 'Maclean's magazine, The Globe and Mail, the Toronto Sun, Reader's Digest and the Global television network. They have also appeared in several international journals such as Indian Defense Review, Mayar Nemzet and Al Jazeera. In 2006, Scott Taylor presented to the University of Western Ontario their Clissold Lecture titled From Belgrade to Baghdad. Taylor appears regularly in Canadian media as a military expert and analyst. In 1996 they received the Quill Award, as well as the Alexander MacKenzie Award for journalistic excellence.
In 2004, Taylor and a Turkish colleague Zeynep Tugrul were kidnapped in Iraq by Ansar al-Islam, a radical Islamist group and held for five days. Their release generated a wave of international media coverage and they returned to Iraq in 2005, briefing the U.S soldiers stationed there on the Turkmen people of Iraq.
Early years of Esprit de Corps
Scott Taylor's Canadian military magazine, Esprit de Corps, was first conceived of as an in-flight magazine for the Canadian Air Force, after Scott Taylor and their wife Katherine Taylor discovered that Canadian Air Force planes lacked any on-board entertainment system or reading material. Their original concept was to utilize the military passengers who normally used the airlines to attract advertisers who wished to promote their products to Canadian Forces personnel.
After struggling to have their proposal accepted by the Canadian Forces, Scott Taylor was able to secure national advertisers for the publication; corporations who had large budgets and could afford to advertise in their magazine. Esprit de Corps was first published as an illustration oriented magazine, with small articles and more entertainment oriented content.
Due to the collapse of the Soviet Union and the Canadian government's subsequent downsizing of its military expenditure, the Canadian Forces were experiencing cutbacks and changing the way in which its personnel would be transported. This affected Esprit de Corps drastically, as Canadian Forces personnel would now be transported via flights chartered by Air Canada. Because of the loss of its Canadian Air Force distribution and the cost-cutting atmosphere of the military community, Scott Taylor and their wife decided to convert their magazine to a newsstand monthly.
The new magazine would feature mainly current military news and Canadian military history. The magazine continued to retain its seat-back distribution with Air Canada military charters and Scott Taylor began to hire staff in order to help fill their new eighty-four page formats.
In 1991, Esprit de Corps ran a controversial article, in which they interviewed the recently resigned vice-Admiral Chuck Thomas, recognizing and supporting Thomas, who had claimed that the Canadian Forces were not properly prepared for the future. As a result, the Department of National Defence ordered Air Canada to cease distribution of Esprit de Corps aboard their military charter flights. The DND's decision was later reversed when Scott Taylor threatened to issue a press release detailing corruption involving the DND official magazine Canadian Defence Quarterly.
2004 Kidnapping and Release
On September 7, 2004, Scott Taylor and Turkish journalist Zeynep Tugrul, who works for the Turkish newspaper Sabah, arrived in Iraq to report on the Invasion of Iraq by the United States Military. Their reporting brought them to the city of Tal Afar in the predominant Turkmen North, where the U.S was on the verge of major action against mujahedeen fighters. At a quarter past 7:00 on September 7, Taylor and Zeynep met with an Iraqi police checkpoint, planning to get directions to their contact in Tal Afar, Doctor Jashar. They were directed to a waiting car filled with masked gunmen, whom they believed to be Iraqi Special Forces.
They were driven by the masked gunmen to a resistance safe house, where they were kidnapped by Ansar al-Islam, a radical Islamist group and accused of being spies. Scott and Zeynep were held captive for five days by the Mujahedeen in which they were transported to numerous resistance sites, tortured for information, threatened with execution and continually beaten.
On September 12, Mujahedeen agents threw Scott Taylor into an awaiting cab in northern Iraq with next to no money and abruptly released him, having negotiated a release with the Iraqi Turkmen Front and Zeynep Tugrul, who had been released earlier. Their release created a wave of international media attention, granting them interviews in which they told the story of their kidnapping.
Family
Scott Taylor currently lives in Ottawa, Ontario with wife Katherine Taylor and son Kirk Taylor. They work at Esprit de Corps office as the publisher. They also play for the Esprit de Corps Commando's hockey team as a right winger.
Books
Scott Taylor has authored several books during their career:
Scott Taylor has also starred in and been the subject of several documentaries:
Documentaries
References
External links
Scott Taylor bio
1960 births
Living people
Canadian newspaper reporters and correspondents
Canadian war correspondents
Place of birth missing (living people)
War correspondents of the Yugoslav Wars
was a Japanese general who fought in World War II.
Katakura was a prominent member of the Tōsei-ha faction and as a consequence was a target of the Kōdō-ha faction in the 26 February Incident in 1936, and indeed sustained a head wound at the time.
They were on the staff of the Burma Area Army. They were chief of staff of the Thirty-third Army from 8 April 1944 to 19 June 1944. They were commander of the 202nd Division.
Later life
Katakura resigned in December 1945.
In 1989 they appeared as themselves (Kwantung Army Officer, 1931) in The Road to War, a television documentary miniseries, narrated by Charles Wheeler.
Katakura died in 1991.
References
1898 births
1991 deaths
Japanese generals
Japanese military personnel of World War II
The Roddick Gates, also known as the Roddick Memorial Gates, are monumental gates in Montreal that serve as the main entrance to the McGill University downtown campus. They are located on Sherbrooke Street West and are at the northern end of the very short but broad McGill College Avenue, which starts at Place Ville-Marie.
History
In 1924, Amy Redpath Roddick donated the Roddick Gates in memory of their late husband, Sir Thomas George Roddick, a renowned doctor and dean of the Faculty of Medicine from 1901 to 1908. Amy Redpath Roddick (May 16, 1868 - February 16, 1954) was the first-born child and only daughter of Ada Mills and John James Redpath. They became the second wife of Thomas Roddick on September 3, 1906.
Amy Redpath Roddick commissioned Grattan D. Thompson (1895-1971) to carry out the work on the monument. In 1922, Gratton D. Thompson married Elizabeth Grace Redpath.
The Roddick Gates were formally opened by Amy Redpath Roddick on May 28, 1925. The four clocks and Westminster Quarters Strike were made by Seth Thomas and the four bells by Meneely Bell Foundry. In 2010 the clocks were repaired by Electric Time Company and rededicated.
Two other significant buildings at McGill University bear the family name: the Redpath Library and the Redpath Museum.
In Harbour Grace, Newfoundland and Labrador, where Thomas Roddick was born, there is a Roddick fountain.
Notes
Buildings and structures completed in 1925
History of Montreal
McGill University buildings
Monuments and memorials in Montreal
Gates in Canada
1925 in Canada
Katherine Irene Kurtz (born October 18, 1944) is an American fantasy writer, author of sixteen historical fantasy novels in the Deryni series, as well as occult and urban fantasy. Resident in Ireland for over twenty years, they now live in Virginia.
Personal life
Kurtz was born October 18, 1944 in Coral Gables, Florida, where they also grew up.
They secured a scholarship to study chemistry and graduated with a B.S. in chemistry from the University of Miami.
They married Scott MacMillan in 1983; they have one son. Within the following couple of years they moved to Ireland. Both later became naturalized Irish citizens. Until 2007, they lived at Holybrooke (Hollybrook) Hall, in the largest of four houses formed from the original historic building, between Kilmacanogue and Bray in County Wicklow, Ireland. Kurtz wrote, and Macmillan, who had worked in the film industry, took a role as a herald in the Office of the Chief Herald of Ireland. They put their Irish home on the market in 2006 for 3.5 million euro, moving back to the United States in 2007, to an historic house in Virginia.
Writing career
Kurtz is best known for the Deryni novels and short stories. Them 1970 debut novel, Deryni Rising, was one of the first fantasy novels written in a mode closer to historical fiction than to mythology or legend, as was common in the then-popular high fantasy works such as those by J. R. R. Tolkien. Writing in Strange Horizons, Kari Sperring calls Kurtz the "first writer of secondary-world historical fantasy", noting their close attention to the importance of faith in pre-modern Western societies and their portrayal of magic as a formal, ritual practice as opposed to the "picaresque and informal" way magic was depicted in other fantasy of the time.
They also wrote several occult alternate history novels in their Templar series, and urban fantasy novels in their Adept series.
Katherine has a weekly chat with their fan base about their writing, life, cats, and many other subjects. The chat is held every Sunday evening around 7 p.m. US Eastern Time, except for the first Sunday of the month when it is usually held two hours earlier for the European fans to chat at an earlier time. The chat can be reached via IRC through the OtherWorlders IRC Network irc.otherworlders.org in #Deryni_Destinations or via Discord.
Partial bibliography
Deryni universe
The Adept
(with Deborah Turner Harris)
Book I: The Adept (1991)
Book II: The Lodge of the Lynx (1992)
Book III: The Templar Treasure (1993)
Book IV: Dagger Magic (1995)
Book V: Death of an Adept (1996)
Templar books
(with Deborah Turner Harris)
Book I: The Temple and the Stone (1998)
Book II: The Temple and the Crown (April 2001)
Other
Lammas Night (1983)
The Legacy of Lehr (1986)
Two Crowns for America (1996)
Saint Patrick's Gargoyle (2001) (paperback January 2002)
Collaborations
A partial list of work Kurtz has edited or contributed follows:
Knights of the Blood (1993) (written by Scott MacMillan, lightly edited by Katherine Kurtz)
Knights of the Blood: At Sword's Point (August 1994) (written by Scott MacMillan, lightly edited by Katherine Kurtz)
Tales of the Knights Templar (1995) (edited by Katherine Kurtz, with a contributed story entitled Obligations)
On Crusade: More Tales of the Knights Templar (1998) (edited by Katherine Kurtz, with a contributed story)
Crusade of Fire: Mystical Tales of the Knights Templar (2002) (edited by Katherine Kurtz, with a contributed story)
In addition, they have contributed to a number of anthologies.
References
Further reading
External links
Rhemuth Castle—The Official Site of Katherine Kurtz
Discord Chat
Novel synopses, cover art, and reviews at FantasyLiterature.net
1944 births
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American fantasy writers
American women novelists
Living people
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
The Archdiocese of Madurai () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical jurisdiction or archdiocese of the Catholic Church. Its episcopal see the city of Madurai, India.
History
8 January 1938: Established as the Diocese of Madura from the Diocese of Trichinopoly
21 October 1950: Renamed as Diocese of Madurai
9 September 1953: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Madurai
Leadership
Archbishops of Madurai
Archbishop Antony Pappusamy (26 July 2014 – present)
Archbishop Peter Fernando (22 March 2003 – 26 July 2014)
Archbishop Marianus Arokiasamy (3 July 1987 – 22 March 2003)
Archbishop Casimir Gnanadickam, S.J. (3 December 1984 – 26 January 1987)
Archbishop Justin Diraviam (13 April 1967 – 3 December 1984)
Archbishop John Peter Leonard, S.J. (19 September 1953 – 13 April 1967)
Bishops of Madurai
Bishop John Peter Leonard, S.J. (later Archbishop) (8 January 1938 – 19 September 1953)
Suffragan dioceses
Dindigul
Kottar
Kuzhithurai
Palayamkottai
Sivagangai
Tiruchirapalli
Tuticorin
References
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christian organizations established in 1938
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1938 establishments in India
Christianity in Tamil Nadu
Dia Sudeshna Chakravarty (; born 1984) is a Bangladeshi-born British political activist, former political director of the TaxPayers' Alliance, singer, and Brexit Editor of The Daily Telegraph.
Early life
Chakravarty was born in Bangladesh to parents of two different faiths. Them Muslim mother, Sultana Kamal, is a lawyer and human rights activist who runs a legal aid organisation in Bangladesh. Them Hindu father, Supriyo Chakravarty, is also a lawyer. I parents both decided to keep their respective religions after marriage.  They are their parents' only child. Them maternal grandmother is poet Sufia Kamal.
Because of Chakravarty's parents' and grandparents' activism and anti-fundamentalist stance, their family have been under threat on and off their whole life. They have grown up with threatening telephone calls and their home has been firebombed twice.
Chakravarty attended a school in Sylhet their parents set up which taught the British Council-regulated O-level curriculum and examination syllabus. The school took students up to the age of 14, after which their schooling was mostly tutorial-based. Later, they entered the mainstream education system to continue with their O-levels. They achieved seven O-levels.
They then got a partial scholarship to sixth-form college in Oxford, to board and sit their A-levels, after their parents remortgaged their family home, they left for the UK in 2001. Them lawyer mother, who had spent most of their life doing voluntary work until then, moved to Dhaka, to take up a full-time job. Chakravarty read Law at the University of Oxford and became a barrister in 2008.
Political activism
Chakravarty started their career as a tax consultant in London before moving into communication and public affairs. From July 2012 to December 2013, they were a deputy director at The Freedom Association where they advocated for freedom of the press, free speech, and freedom of expression. In January 2014, they were appointed political director of the TaxPayers' Alliance.
Chakravarty moved into communications and public affairs. They worked for Banking on Change, a global partnership between Barclays Bank and two international charities seeking to extend access to basic financial services through savings-led microfinance.
In August 2014, Chakravarty appeared on BBC Two's Newsnight, discussing consultancy culture in the public sector. In November 2014 and March 2015, and October 2016, they appeared on BBC One's Question Time. In January 2015, they contributed on BBC Radio 4's Any Questions?
In July 2017, Chakravarty, a prominent Leave campaigner during the UK EU membership Referendum campaign, was appointed Brexit Editor of The Daily Telegraph.
In September 2017, Chakravarty appeared on Question Time. In October, Chakravarty appeared on Newsnight, discussing Brexit. In the same month, they were listed at Number 100 by commentator Iain Dale in their '100 Most Influential on the Right'.
Singing career
Chakravarty took their first music lesson from Prateek Enda in Sylhet and had an early start in their musical training in Rabindranath Tagore songs. Although they specialise in Bengali music, since moving to the UK they have added Hindi songs to their repertoire. They now take lessons from London-based singer-master Anuradha Roma Choudhury.
Chakravarty performs in London and abroad. In August 2014, their debut album A Bloom in Vain and Other Songs was released.
Personal life
In October 2007, Chakravarty married Duncan Hall. They met their husband while at school and decided to settle in England after completing their university and Bar examinations. Chakravarty is also involved with Udayan, a Bengali cultural group.
Discography
Albums
See also
British Bangladeshis
List of British Bangladeshis
Music of Bengal
References
External links
Dia Chakravarty on City A.M.
Dia Chakravarty on The Freedom Association
Dia Chakravarty on Last.fm
Living people
1984 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Bangladeshi emigrants to England
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
British women activists
British political commentators
Political activists
British social commentators
Free speech activists
21st-century Bangladeshi women singers
British women singers
Bengali-language singers
Hindi-language singers
British barristers
Bangladeshi women journalists
British newspaper editors
The Daily Telegraph people
21st-century British journalists
Singers from London
People from Sylhet Division
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Laser Vision artists
Women newspaper editors
Tjipke Visser (12 December 1876 – 22 January 1955) was a Dutch sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Visser's work was included in the 1939 exhibition and sale Onze Kunst van Heden (Our Art of Today) at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
References
1876 births
1955 deaths
20th-century Dutch sculptors
Dutch male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Friesland
20th-century Dutch male artists
Harrison School in St. Louis, Missouri was built in a Romanesque style in 1895. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
It was closed as a school in 1996. It was put up for sale by the school district in 2003 and sold in 2007. In 2008 the project was awarded four percent tax credits for its rehabilitation.
References
School buildings completed in 1899
Schools in St. Louis
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis
1899 establishments in Missouri
The list of awards and nominations received by Dev during their career. They have won 3 awards from 16 nominations.
Awards Received by Dev
4 Music Awards
Billboard Music Awards
BMI Pop Music Awards
Brit Awards
International Dance Music Awards
|-
| 2011
| "Like a G6"
| Best Rap/Hip-Hop Dance Track
|
MP3 Music Awards
mtvU Woodie Awards
MTV Video Music Awards Japan
MuchMusic Video Awards
Rockbjörnen Awards
References
Dev
The International Hydrological Programme (IHP) is UNESCO's international scientific cooperative program in water research, water resource management, water education, and capacity- building, and the only broadly based science program of the UN system in this area. The IHP was established in 1975 following the International Hydrological Decade (1965-1974). The program is tailored to the needs of UNESCO's 195 Member States and is implemented in six-year phases, allowing it to adapt to the changing world.
The current phase (IHP VIII: 2014-2021) is titled Water Security Responses to Regional and Global Challenges (2014-2021), and it is based on the principle of continuity with change, building on lessons and results from earlier phases of the program. It continues to promote and lead international hydrological research, facilitate education and capacity development and enhance governance in water resources management. The aim of these efforts is to help meet the UN Millennium Development Goals on environmental sustainability, water supply, sanitation, food security and poverty alleviation. The results of this phase aim to be practical so both scientific communities and civil societies can apply and benefit from them.
The IHP Intergovernmental Council is responsible for defining priorities and supervising execution of IHP. The council is composed of 36 UNESCO Member States elected by UNESCO's General Conference at its ordinary sessions every two years. Each of UNESCO's six electoral regions elects Member States for membership in the council. The term lasts four years, and members are eligible for immediate re-election. For continuity, only half of the current Council members are elected each second year for the four-year period, so that in each biennium only half the members are newcomers and the rest are halfway through their term. The council normally meets once every two years, although extraordinary sessions may be convened under the conditions specified in the Rules of Procedure.
At the beginning of its first session, the council elects a chairperson and four vice-chairpersons. These constitute the IHP Bureau, which is responsible for coordinating sessions of the council and its committees, supervising implementation and reporting on the council's resolutions, and discharging all other duties which it is assigned by the council.
IHP's activities are implemented by the efforts of its secretariat, located in UNESCO headquarters in Paris. The secretariat provides studies, information, and the facilities needed to employ the program's activities. The backbone of IHP, however, is the network of National Committees. They are fundamental to ensuring the widest possible participation of Member States in IHP programs. The committees are run under the authority of National Governments and are responsible for implementing IHP initiatives.
Initiatives
Several working groups have been developed under the umbrella of the International Hydrological Programme as the UNESCO Land Subsidence International Initiative, LASII (former UNESCO Working Group on Land Subsidence).
Another initiative is the International Groundwater Resources Assessment Centre (IGRAC) established in 2003. IGRAC works to facilitate sustainable groundwater resources across the world. They are based in the Netherlands.
Directors
(2019-)
(2012-2018)
References
External links
IHP Website on UNESCO
http://www.unesco.org/new/en/pccp From Potential Conflict to Cooperation Potential (PCCP)
Hydrology.nl – Portal to international hydrology and water resources
Hydrology organizations
UNESCO
Çimliçayır is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
Akçapınar is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Alabalık is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
Özbaşı, Posof is a village in the District of Posof, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Posof District
The 2005–06 Minnesota Golden Gophers women's hockey team represented the University of Minnesota in the 2005–06 NCAA Division I women's hockey season. The Golden Gophers were coached by Laura Halldorson and play their home games at Ridder Arena.
Regular season
In their first-year student year, Gigi Marvin ranked second on the team in points and first in assists with 30. They tied for fourth in the WCHA in overall scoring and second in assists. They had seven power-play goals, three game-winning goals and one short-handed goal. In addition, they were named the WCHA Rookie of the Week five times. On October 7, 2005, they earned their first career goal on their first career shot in a 3-0 win over Connecticut.
They had a four-game scoring streak from October 14–22. On November 4, they had a career-high five point game in the 9-5 win over Ohio State, including four assists. For their efforts, they were named the WCHA Rookie of the Week. They added three assists in a 5-1 win over Brown on November 12.
In the Gophers' 5-0 win over St. Cloud State on January 14, they scored two goals and two assists for four points. They assisted on the game-winning goal in the 1-0 win over Mercyhurst College on January 21. In early February, Marvin notched two goals and an assist in Minnesota's 4-3 overtime win over Minnesota State and later earned rookie of the week honor. They contributed on all three goals in the Gophers' 3-2 win over St. Cloud State on February 17. The week later, they would get five points in the sweep against North Dakota and receive the WCHA Rookie of the Week for the second consecutive week.
Postseason
In the 2006 WCHA playoffs, Marvin made several contributions. They notched three goals and two assists in the WCHA first round against Minnesota State. On March 11, Marvin set up Jenelle Philipczyk for the game-winning goal in the 2-1 win over Minnesota Duluth. They would assist on Allie Sanchez' power-play goal in the WCHA Championship game against Wisconsin.
Awards and honors
Gigi Marvin, WCHA All-Tournament Team
Gigi Marvin, led WCHA Rookies in scoring
Gigi Marvin, named WCHA Rookie of the Year
Gigi Marvin, All-WHCA Rookie Team
Gigi Marvin, All-WCHA third team selection.
References
External links
Official site
Minnesota Golden Gophers women's ice hockey seasons
Minnesota
NCAA women's ice hockey Frozen Four seasons
Minn
Minne
Lower Ship Harbour is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. Lower Ship Harbour is home to The Deanery Project. This non-profit organization acts as a community centre and hall for events on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Taylor Peay (born September 5, 1991) is an American soccer player.
Career
College and amateur
Peay spent their entire collegiate career at the University of Washington. On September 18, 2010, Peay scored their first collegiate goal for the Huskies in a 4–1 upset win over No. 15 Portland. They were one of two freshmen to appear in all 17 matches for the Huskies. In their sophomore year, Peay made 17 appearances and helped the Huskies record nine clean sheets. In 2012, they made 20 appearances and finished the year with one goal. In their final season with the Huskies, Peay made 22 appearances and scored six goals including a hat trick in a 4–1 victory over Santa Clara on September 3. They led the Huskies to their first Pac-12 title since 2000 scoring 9 goals and their first trip to the Elite Eight where they fell to no. 7 seed New Mexico. On September 13, 2013, Peay was named NSCAA First Team All-American. As well as a Mac Herman Trophy Finalist.
Peay also played in the USL Premier Development League with Ogden Outlaws, Seattle Sounders FC U-23 and North Sound SeaWolves.
Professional
On January 16, 2014, Peay was drafted in the first round of the 2014 MLS SuperDraft by the Portland Timbers. Later that year, they were loaned out to USL Pro club Orange County Blues FC. They made their professional debut on April 5 in 2–0 loss to Oklahoma City Energy FC. Peay went on to play a vital part in the 2015 MLS Cup run for the Portland Timbers. Peay then went abroad to Bodo Glimt where they spent a couple months after leaving Portland Timbers at the end of 2016.
Peay then signed with United Soccer League side Real Monarchs on March 23, 2017. Peay's option was not picked by the Monarchs at the end of the 2017 season as they were set to sign with Real Salt Lake.
On December 15, 2017, Peay signed for Real Salt Lake after they acquired their rights from Portland Timbers in exchange for a third round 2018 MLS SuperDraft pick.
On December 11, 2018, Peay signed for USL Championship side Louisville City ahead of their 2019 season.
On December 6, 2019, it was announced Peay would return to Real Monarchs for the 2020 season. Their option was declined by Real Monarchs following the 2020 season as they were set to retire from professional soccer.
Honors
Club
Portland Timbers
Real Salt Lake
MLS Cup: 2015
Western Conference (playoffs): 2015
USL Eastern Conference Champion (Louisville City)
USL Cup Finalist (Louisville City)
References
External links
Washington Huskies bio
1991 births
Living people
All-American men's college soccer players
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Louisville City FC players
Major League Soccer players
Ogden Outlaws players
Orange County SC players
Portland Timbers draft picks
Portland Timbers players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Puget Sound Gunners FC players
Real Monarchs players
Real Salt Lake players
Seattle Sounders FC U-23 players
Soccer players from Salt Lake City
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Washington Huskies men's soccer players
Margarete Haagen (29 November 1889 – 19 November 1966) was a German stage and film actor. Haagen appeared in over a hundred films during their career, generally in character roles. They specialised in playing good-natured elderly ladies. Following the Second World War, they appeared in several rubble films, such as In Those Days (1947). During the 1950s, they often appeared in heimatfilm and costume films.
Partial filmography
References
Bibliography
Ó Dochartaigh, Pól & Schönfeld, Christiane. Representing the Good German in Literature and Culture After 1945: Altruism and Moral Ambiguity. Camden House, 2013.
Shandley, Robert. Rubble Films: German Cinema in the Shadow of the Third Reich. Temple University Press, 2010.
External links
1889 births
1966 deaths
German film actores
German stage actores
Actors from Nuremberg
20th-century German actores
Mount Ida College was a private college in Newton, Massachusetts. In 2018, the University of Massachusetts Amherst acquired the campus and renamed it the Mount Ida Campus of UMass Amherst.
History
The Mount Ida School for Girls, once a high school, became a finishing school and was founded in 1899 by George Franklin Jewett, and was named after the hill on which it was located in Newton Corner, Massachusetts.
After encountering severe financial difficulties, it was forced to close during the Great Depression, but was purchased by William Fitts Carlson in 1939 and relocated to its present location in the Oak Hill section of Newton.
The first junior college level courses were offered at Mount Ida in the mid-1900s, and the school was officially re-branded as a junior college in 1961. It was subsequently granted the ability to award associate degrees with the first being awarded in 1967.
The school was later renamed as Mount Ida Junior College, and became a co-educational institution in 1972 which was a logical step since so many Vietnam veterans were attending college in the 1970s thanks to the G.I. Bill. Several Boston-based institutions also merged with Mount Ida on the Newton campus: Chamberlayne Junior College (1988), New England Institute of Funeral Service Education (1989), and Coyne Electrical and Technical School.
The Senior College division awarding bachelor's degrees began In 1982. Massachusetts allowed Mount Ida to grant three bachelor's degrees as Mount Ida filed to drop the "Junior" part of the college name. The Senior Degree program was fully accredited in 1984, with an emphasis on career and professional education. In 2012, Barry Brown was appointed president of the college.
UMass Amherst announced plans to acquire the Newton campus in April 2018. Classes ended after the commencement in the spring of 2018 and students of the small school were offered automatic admission to UMass Dartmouth (though that university does not have all of the same academic programs). Newbury College (which itself closed in 2019) announced that it would grant full transfer credit to Mount Ida students and would help them finish their degrees. Keene State College and Worcester State University also invited students to their campuses and committed to review applications for immediate acceptance and full credit transfer.
Campus
Located in Newton, Massachusetts, Mount Ida College was located on a 72-acre campus that once belonged to William Sumner Appleton (1840–1903), father of William Sumner Appleton Jr. The estate was transferred to Robert Gould Shaw II after Appleton's death. Shaw commissioned Boston architect James Lovell Little Junior to build a carriage house and horse stable in 1910; this building was subsequently refurbished and was known as Holbrook Hall. The building known as Shaw Hall, which became the nucleus for the Mount Ida campus, was also commissioned by Shaw and designed by Little in 1912. The building known as Hallden Academic Support Center was also constructed in 1912, presumably by Little.
The Shaw fortune collapsed during the Great Depression, and Dr. Carlson purchased the vacant and decaying Shaw Estate and reopened Mount Ida Junior College in 1939. In 1956, a two-story dormitory designed by architect Albert C. Rugo was added to Shaw Hall. Rugo designed several other buildings that were added to the complex in the 1950s and 1960s.
Academics
Mount Ida College consisted of four schools:
The School of Applied Sciences
The School of Design
The School of Business
The School of Social Sciences and Humanities
The Gallery at Mount Ida College held exhibitions of regional, national, and international fine artists and designers. The Gallery had featured works in photography, painting, sculpture, video, and a variety of other art forms. The Gallery opened in 1999, allowing artists and designers to have a showcase for traditional and alternative media works as an innovative part of the Mount Ida College Learning Community.
Athletics
Mount Ida's athletes competed as the Mustangs in the Great Northeast Athletic Conference in NCAA Division III varsity sports, as well as IHSA equestrian competition. Three teams captured North Atlantic Conference (NAC) championships: the 1999, 2000 men's soccer team, the 2002 women's volleyball team, and the 2007 men's lacrosse team. The Mount Ida Mustangs football team competed from 1999 to 2017, compiling an all-time record of compiled an all-time record of 76–119 in 19 seasons and sharing the Eastern Collegiate Football Conference (ECFC) championship in 2012.
Notable alumni
Tansu Ciller, Prime Minister of Turkey from 1993 to 1996
Enid A. Haupt, publisher and philanthropist
Wishnutama Kusubandio, Minister of Tourism and Creative Economy of The Republic of Indonesia from 2019 to 2020
Thomas Menino, Mayor of Boston from 1993 to 2014, earned their associate degree in 1963 from Chamberlayne Junior College, which later became part of Mount Ida College
Gary Vaynerchuk, serial entrepreneur and author
References
Further reading
External links
Mount Ida Campus of UMass Amherst webpage
Mount Ida Closure - Massachusetts Department of Higher Education
1899 establishments in Massachusetts
2018 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Defunct private universities and colleges in Massachusetts
Educational institutions disestablished in 2018
Educational institutions established in 1899
Liberal arts colleges in Massachusetts
Universities and colleges in Newton, Massachusetts
KMLD is a commercial radio station located in Casper, Wyoming, broadcasting on 94.5 FM. KMLD airs an oldies music format branded as "Melody 94.5". The music programming is syndicated by Cumulus Media and is the True Oldies Channel.
All Mt. Rushmore Casper stations are located at 218 N. Wolcott in downtown Casper.
History
This station started at 97.3 FM in 1997, and was owned by Hart Media. The station was later sold along with the other Hart Media Stations to Mountain States Broadcasting. The station was sold once again when Clear Channel Communications bought Mountain States Broadcasting. The present owner is Mt. Rushmore Broadcasting. A short while after being bought by Mt. Rushmore, the station moved down to 94.5 FM.
Citing technical difficulties, the station, along with its five other sister stations went dark for a period of time in August 2011. KVOC, KMLD, and KHOC remained silent as of December 17, 2011. Other than equipment reasons, no further information as to why the three stations were off the air had been provided.
Fines
KMLD, along with other Casper stations owned by Mt. Rushmore Broadcasting were fined $68,000 for using unlicensed Studio/transmitter links, which the company had been using for 16 years. The FCC fined the company $68,000 for "willfully and repeatedly" violating the law, giving the stations' owner 30 days to get licenses for its STLs for KHOC, and sister stations KHOC, KASS, and KQLT.
In 2012, station owner Jan Charles Gray was named in a lawsuit by the U.S. Department of Labor for improperly paying employees. Gray called the claims in the lawsuit "bogus".
In 2013, Gray informed the Casper Star Tribune that the lawsuit and a $68,000 fine for unlicensed STLs were "a lot of baloney." Gray said if the FCC doesn't back down, they plan to "sue them on behalf of every radio owner in America that has been wronged by them".
Previous logo
References
External links
Melody 94.5 Facebook
MLD
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1997
Natrona County, Wyoming
1997 establishments in Wyoming
William or Bill Meyer may refer to:
Politics
William H. Meyer (Colorado politician) (1847–1923), Lieutenant Governor of Colorado
William H. Meyer (1914–1983), member of the U.S. House of Representatives
William Stevenson Meyer (1860–1922), ICS officer and first High Commissioner for India
Sports
William Meyer (cricketer) (1883–1953), English cricketer
Billy Meyer (1893–1957), American baseball player
Bill Meyer (basketball) (1943–2018), American basketball player
Bill Meyer (water polo) (born 1958), Canadian water polo player
Other
William Meyer (Medal of Honor) (1863–1926), U.S. Navy sailor and Medal of Honor recipient
Bill Meyer (artist) (born 1942), Australian artist
See also
Billmeyer, a German surname
William Mayer (disambiguation)
William Meyers (1943–2014), South African boxer
William Myers (disambiguation)
Sealdah (station code:SDAH) is one of India's major railway terminals serving the city of Kolkata. The other main railway stations in the Kolkata metropolitan region are , , and Santragachi. Sealdah Railway station is the busiest railway stations in India in terms of daily passenger's footfall. Sealdah has a daily passenger footfall of over 1.2 million. It is an important suburban rail terminal. Kolkata Metro Line 2 passes through Sealdah with the new Sealdah station.
History
Sealdah railway station was started in 1869. Before 1978, there was a tram terminus at Sealdah station. Trams departed from here towards Rajabazar, Howrah Station, Calcutta High Court, Dalhousie Square, Park Circus and Dharmatala. The first horse tram service of Kolkata was also started from Sealdah to Armenian Ghat, following the current route 14 & 16 between Lebutala & Dalhousie Square. The Sealdah–Lebutala & Dalhousie Square–Armenian Ghat (later extended to High Court) stretch is now closed. That terminus was demolished in 1978 also with the Sealdah–Lebutala tram track stretched through Boubazar Street for construction of the Sealdah flyover. Now tram services between Rajabazar–Esplanade, Park Circus–Burrabazar and other services pass through Sealdah. Currently, a car parking exists in place of the old tram terminus.
Operations
There are three station terminals at Sealdah: Sealdah North, Sealdah Main and Sealdah South.
The North section consists of Sealdah North and Sealdah Main buildings. It has five platforms in North and 9 platforms in the main section. The platforms of North sections are 1, 2, 3, 4 & 5.
Sealdah main consists of platform no 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 & 14. One more platform is present beside platform no 14 which is used only by goods trains and high capacity parcel vans.
The South section consists of Sealdah South terminal, with seven platforms: 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 & 21.
The north and south sections have a separate set of emerging tracks. The north and south sections are connected by two links: Dumdum–Majherhat link (popularly circular rail) and Bidhannagar Road–Park Circus link (extension of circular rail). These two links were constructed to quickly travel between the two sections, avoiding Sealdah.
For the financial department, there are DRMs Sr.DFMs and ADFMs to look over. Sealdah North acts as the suburban train terminal for the main division. The main division of Sealdah north operates trains plying between Kolkata and Hasnabad, Bandel, , Ranaghat, Shantipur, Krishnanagar, Berhampore, Lalgola, Dankuni, Katwa, Bardhaman, Kanchrapara, Barrackpore, Kalyani, Kalyani Simanta and others. A narrow-gauge line earlier used to connect Shantipur and Krishnanagar but now it has been replaced with broad gauge. This narrow-gauge line further continued to Nabadwip Ghat and was formerly served by DMU trains (all other lines run EMU trains). Now the suburban train service is also extended from Krishnanagar to Lalgola, which part was previously served by electric loco-hauled trains only. Sealdah–Dankuni (via Vivekananda Setu) line connects Eastern Railway's Howrah–Bardhaman chord at Bally Halt (on a viaduct atop Bally station) and Dankuni. Naihati–Bandel (via Sampreeti Bridge) line connects Eastern Railway's Howrah–Bardhaman main line at Bandel Jn.
Now the poorly-patronized branch line between and Biman Bandar railway station (Dum Dum Airport) is closed and replaced by Line 4 (under construction) of the Kolkata Metro.
Sealdah Main is the mail/express terminal for long-distance trains to northern, north-western, north-eastern and eastern India, through Dankuni line and Bandel line. Krishnanagar line is also serving long distance intrastate trains.
The South section, consisting of Sealdah South terminal, acts as the terminal for local trains plying between Kolkata and Budge Budge, Canning, Diamond Harbour and Namkhana.
There is also an EMU carshed at Sealdah (Narkeldanga). Other EMU carsheds are at Barasat and Sonarpur. A diesel shunter loco shed is also situated at adjacent Beliaghata. A rail coach factory is set to come up at Halishahar-Kanchrapara (Bijpur) region in North 24 Parganas.
Before partition in 1947 of India, trains used to run up to present day Bangladesh along Gede line and Bangaon line. Now Gede line is used by Maitree Express up to Dhaka and Bangaon line is used by Bandhan Express up to Khulna.
Lines
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Baranagar–Dakshineswar–Rajchandrapur–Baltikuri–Andul–Kharagpur
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Baranagar–Dakshineswar–Dankuni–Barddhaman
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Kalyani–Kalyani Simanta
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Kalyani–Ranaghat–Krishnanagar–Berhampore–Lalgola
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Kalyani–Ranaghat–Kalinarayanpur–Krishnanagar
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Kalyani–Ranaghat–Kalinarayanpur–Shantipur
Krishnanagar–Dignagar–Shantipur
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Kalyani–Ranaghat–Gede
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Bandel–Barddhaman
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Naihati–Bandel–Nabadwip Dham–Katwa
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Barasat–Bongaon
Sealdah–Dum Dum–Barasat–Basirhat–Hasnabad
Ranaghat–Majhergram–Bongaon
Sealdah–Ballygunge–Majherhat–BBD Bag–Kolkata
Sealdah–Ballygunge–Majherhat–Budge Budge–Pujali
Sealdah–Ballygunge–Sonarpur–Canning
Sealdah–Ballygunge–Sonarpur–Baruipur–Diamond Harbour
Sealdah–Ballygunge–Sonarpur–Baruipur–Laxmikantapur–Namkhana
Station facilities
Executive lounge
IRCTC opened the first executive lounge at this station, the first in any of the main stations in the state of West Bengal. In 2019, on the occasion of Bengali New Year, the lounge was opened. It covers around 2,500 sq ft area, and has free Wi-Fi, showers, foods, newspapers, TV, cloak room facilities available. Though on the first floor, it is next to the elevator to make it accessible to wheelchair users.
The station has a first class air conditioning waiting room and a resting area with bedding facilities.
Google provides RailWire free high-speed Wi-Fi.
The station also has many IRCTC food court and restaurants including Haldiram, Jan-Ahaar, Mio Amore and Wow Momos.
Amazon India has launched an Amazon kiosk in the non-ticketing zone, where passengers can pick up their parcels.
The station has a large reservation ticketing zone where passengers can book their tickets in advance.
Gallery
See also
Kolkata Metro
Kolkata Suburban Railway
List of Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
Trams in Kolkata
References
External links
Eastern Railways website
1869 establishments in India
Indian Railway A1 Category Stations
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
Railway junction stations in West Bengal
Railway stations in Kolkata
Railway stations opened in 1869
Sealdah railway division
Jewels 12th Ring was a planned mixed martial arts (MMA) to be held by MMA promotion Jewels. The event was planned to be held on at Shinjuku Face in Kabukicho, Tokyo, Japan but it was cancelled a few hours before the start due to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
Background
The first two bouts of the event were disclosed on . Four more bouts were announced on , including the addition of American fighter Lisa Ellis as an opponent for Jewels lightweight champion Ayaka Hamasaki in a special rules non-title bout. The rest of the card was revealed on , which included the debut in MMA of South Korean boxer Ji Yun Kim and a kickboxing match. It was announced the next day that Ellis had suffered an injury in training and that fellow Bellator season three semi-finalist Jessica Aguilar would face Hamasaki instead.
The weigh-ins took place on , with American fighter Danielle West missing weight and being penalized with a red card (point deduction) in their bout against Mongolian Esui. Fighters Sakura Nomura and Kim did not take part in the weigh-ins and instead were going to be weighed on the day of their match.
Announced card
1st match: Jewels official rules -50 kg bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Miyoko Kusaka (, Grabaka Gym) vs. Yuka Okumura (, Soul Fighters Japan)
2nd match: Jewels official rules lightweight bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Rina Tomita (, AACC) vs. Sadae Suzumura (, Cobra Kai MMA Dojo)
3rd match: Jewels special rules (pound allowed) -65 kg bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Esui (, Smash Alley Gym) vs. Danielle West (, Fuzion MMA)
4th match: Jewels kickboxing rules -52.16 kg bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Miku Hayashi (, Bungeling Bay Spirit) vs. Suzuna Nakamura (, Sakigake Juku)
5th match: Jewels official rules -62 kg bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Shizuka Sugiyama (, Zendokai Yokohama) vs. Mayumi Aoki (, Gamurannac)
6th match: Jewels official rules -58 kg bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Sakura Nomura (Club Barbarian Impact) vs. Ji Yun Kim (CMA Korea Team Posse)
7th match: Jewels official rules -54 kg bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Mika Nagano (, Core) vs. Emi Murata (, AACC)
8th match: Jewels special rules (pound allowed) lightweight bout, 5:00 / 2 R
Ayaka Hamasaki (, AACC) vs. Jessica Aguilar
(American Top Team)
References
External links
Cancellation announcement at Jewels official blog
Event data at Sherdog
Jewels (mixed martial arts) events
2011 in mixed martial arts
Mixed martial arts in Japan
Sports competitions in Tokyo
2011 in Japanese sport
Fernando Rafael "Chito" Martínez Silva (born 8 June 1977) is a Venezuelan footballer who plays striker.
Career
Born in Puerto Ordaz, Martínez has spent most of their career playing in Venezuelan league with Minervén, Caracas, Táchira, Mineros, Trujillanos and Llaneros.
Martínez played for Russian Premier League side FC Uralan Elista during 2003, making them the first Venezuelan to play in the league.
In 2011, Martínez moved to the Canary Islands where they would play amateur football with UD Los Llanos and CD Atlético Paso in the Preferente de Tenerife.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from Ciudad Guayana
Venezuelan footballers
Association football forwards
Minervén S.C. players
Estudiantes de Mérida players
A.C.C.D. Mineros de Guayana players
FC Elista players
Caracas FC players
Deportivo Táchira F.C. players
Trujillanos FC players
Carabobo F.C. players
Llaneros de Guanare players
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Çardaklı is a village in the District of Göle, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Göle District
Tareq Ziad Jabr Khattab () is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a defender for Al-Wehdat and the Jordan national team.
International career
Tareq first joined the senior national team a month before the 2012 WAFF Championship in Kuwait, but did not play in any matches until Jordan played against Nigeria in Amman on 28 October 2013 in an international friendly, which resulted in a 1–0 win for Jordan.
International career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Jordan's goal tally first.
Honours
Al-Wehdat
Jordan Premier League (1): 2013–14
Jordan FA Cup (1): 2013–14
Jordan FA Shield (1): 2017
Jordan Super Cup (1): 2011, 2014
Al-Shabab
Saudi Super Cup (1): 2014
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Jordan youth international footballers
Jordanian people of Palestinian descent
Al-Wehdat SC players
Al-Shabab FC (Riyadh) players
Al Salmiya SC players
Al Masry SC players
Association football defenders
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Sportspeople from Amman
Saudi Professional League players
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Jordanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
Jordanian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
"Karadır kaşların ferman yazdırır" (Bahçelerde Çiçek Açmış)is a popular Turkish türkü (folk song) and a legend on which the song is based. Karadır kaşların ferman yazdırır is a popular folk story in Turkey, about an impossible love between a Muslim Turkish man (composer's himself) and a (Greek origin) Muslim girl (his neighbor) from Seyitgazi. There are similar folkloric tunes in Anatolia among various ethnic groups, for instance, in Armenian Սասնո ահեղ կռվին (Sasno ahegh krvin) in Armenia.
Versions
Karadır Kaşların(Your Eyebrows Are So Black)
Karadır kaşların benzer kömüre (Zeki Müren)
Karadır kaşların benzer kömüre,
Yardan ayrılması zarar ömüre.
Kollarımdan bağlasalar demire,
Kırarım demiri giderim yare.
Bu hasretin üzüntüsü başıma vurur
Nazli yarin hayali karşımda durur
Bahçelerde çiçek açmış gel de gezelim
Sen olmazsan güzelim ağlar gezerim
References
Turkish songs
Year of song unknown
Songwriter unknown
Donald Paul Tompkins (1933–1982) is an American jewelry artist known for their witty and satirical works based on objects, photo etchings, cast elements, and gemstones.  They are most closely associated with the Pacific Northwest and the metalsmithing community that coalesced around Central Washington University in Ellensburg, Washington, where they taught for many years. Their most famous series Commemorative Metals keenly reflected Pop Art and the artistic concerns of New York City-based artists in the 1950s and 60s.
Early years
Don Tompkins was born in Everett, Washington on November 1, 1933 to two teachers. Their sister Merrily, who would also go on to become a jewelry artist, was born in 1947. Tompkins studied jewelry at Everett High School in Everett, Washington, where they were a student of the influential metalsmith Russell Day.
In 1952 they married Marilyn Hopkins.
From 1953–1954 they took classes with Day at Everett Junior Community College, and also worked as their teaching assistant during that time. Day served as a mentor and supporter of Tompkins' interest in jewelry, providing them with their first set of tools and materials.
With Day's encouragement, Tompkins submitted work to, and was accepted by, the 1954 Northwest Craftsmen's Exhibition. Tompkins' jewelry in the exhibition reflected the Modernist aesthetic of the time which prioritized organic shapes for bracket watches, necklaces, brooches and rings.
That year, Tompkins transferred to the University of Washington, Seattle to study with Ruth Pennington, another influential Pacific Northwest craftswoman. They received their B.A. in Art Education in 1956 and their M.F.A. in Design (metal, jewelry, and sculpture) from Central Washington in 1958.
Career
Early career
From 1956–57, Tompkins taught crafts at Edmonds High School in Edmonds, Washington followed by a part-time instructor's position in art education at the University of Washington, Seattle from 1957–58. They then returned to Everett Junior College to teach design, jewelry, and drawing from 1958–63 while simultaneously making jewelry and exhibiting in local exhibitions. In 1960, Tompkins attended a summer session of graduate work at the School for American Craftsman in Rochester, New York. Three years later they moved with their family to Syracuse, New York to attend Syracuse University for graduate work in art education. They remained there until 1966, exhibiting their jewelry in the shows American Jewelry Today (1963 and 1967) at the Everhart Museum in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Jewelry 64 at the State University of New York, Plattsburgh.
Mid-career
In 1966, at the request of Ramona Solberg, a fellow jewelry artist and former student of Ruth Pennington, Tompkins joined the faculty of Central Washington University in Ellensburg, Washington and remained there until 1972. There they taught jewelry, wood, plastics, design, sculpture, art education, and aesthetics. Ellensburg became a center for Funk art and jewelry made from found objects in the Pacific Northwest.
Tompkins's sister Merrily was one of their students during this time, and later students included Ken Cory and Nancy Worden. It was during this period that Tompkins created their most famous series, Commemorative Medals. Made between 1965–75, the series consisted of portraits of contemporary artists, musicians, political and cultural figures, and writers including: Hans Hoffmann, Claes Oldenburg, Norman Mailer, Pablo Picasso, and Henry Miller (1968); Janis Joplin, Minnesota Fats, Martha Mitchell, and Jack Zucker (1971); Jackson Pollock (1972); and Ivan Karp (1974).
Each provided social commentary on the figures through Tompkins's incorporation of found objects and evocative cast silver elements. Pop Art was a large aesthetic influence on these pieces. Tompkins is often credited as being one of the earliest artists to incorporate the style and found objects in American jewelry. The medals were exhibited throughout the 1970s in exhibitions at the Museum of Contemporary Crafts in New York; the World's Fair in Spokane, Washington; the Cranbrook Academy of Art in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan; Barnard Baruch College in New York; Central Washington University in Ellensburg, Washington; and the Xerox Corporation in Rochester, New York.
Tompkins' medals often incorporated photographic images of the subjects, either through their use of newspaper clippings or photo etching. Tompkins often experimented with materials and processes until they became proficient. At other times, they sought out expert advice as they did when they learned photo etching by contacting Eastman-Kodak for assistance.
Their use of images was executed in a collage or assemblage tradition, helping to focus the viewer on the person as well as the narrative. Often, Tompkins used these images in a reverential manner but at other times used them to signal loss and pathos, two emotions often seen in jewelry that incorporates photography.
Late career
Tompkins and their family moved to New York in 1972 when they became assistant professor of art at New York University. They taught sculpture, three-dimensional design, and jewelry there until leaving in 1975 to establish a business called Jewelry Loft in Soho. The business failed and they moved back to the Pacific Northwest. Tompkins made little jewelry between 1976 and their death from a heart attack in Seattle, Washington, in 1982.
Timeline
Education
1956 B.A. in Art Education, University of Washington, Seattle
1958 M.F.A. in Design, University of Washington, Seattle
1960 Summer graduate work at the School for American Craftsmen, Rochester, New York
1963–66 Graduate work at Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
1969–72 PhD in education from Teachers College, New York, New York
Teaching/Visiting Artist
1972–75 Assistant Professor of Art, New York University, New York, New York
1974 Visiting Artist, University of Wisconsin, Eau Claire
1972 Visiting Artist, Tri-Cities Area, Washington D.C.
1970–71 Instructor, Teachers College, New York, New York
1966–72 Associate Professor of Art, Central Washington State College, Ellensburg, Washington
1965 Guest Professor of Art, University of British Columbia (summer)
1963–66 Lecturer in Art, Syracuse University, Syracuse, New York
1958–63 Teacher of Art, Everett Junior College, Everett, Washington
1957–58 Instructor of Art, University of Washington, Seattle
1956–57 Crafts Instructor, Edmonds High School, Edmonds, Washington
Selected exhibitions
2014: Multiple Exposures: Jewelry and Photography, Museum of Arts and Design, New York
2007–2009: Ornament as Art: Avant-Garde Jewelry in the Helen Williams Drutt Collection, The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; The Renwick Gallery of the Smithsonian Institution; the Mint Museum of Craft and Design; the Tacoma Museum of Art
2000: Commemorative Medals/Objects: The Politics of History in Honor of the National Republican and Democratic Presidential Conventions, Helen Drutt: Philadelphia
1975: Imagery and Symbolism in Contemporary Jewelry, Central Washington State University, Ellensburg, Washington;
Crafts for the '70s, Barnard Baruch College, New York, New York
1973–74: Portable World, Museum of Contemporary Crafts, New York; World's Fair, Spokane, Washington; Cranbrook Academy of Art, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan
1972: The Late, Late Show Starring Martha Mitchel, Minnesota Fats, and Introducing Jack Zucker Commemorative Medals," Columbia University Teachers College, New York, New York;Contemporary American Silversmiths and Goldsmiths," Corcoran Gallery, Washington D.C.
1964: Jewelry 64, State University of New York, Plattsburgh
1955: Designer Craftsmen, University of Illinois
Museum collections
The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston
The Philadelphia Museum of Art
References
Further reading
Mitchell, Ben. "Heart and Head: The Life and Work of Don Tompkins." Metalsmith 23, no. 3 (Summer 2003): 28–37.
Kangas, Matthew. "Ellensburg Funky." Metalsmith 15, no.4 (Fall 1995): 15–21.
Strauss, Cindi. Ornament as Art: Avant-Garde Jewelry from the Helen Williams Drutt Collection. Stuttgart and Houston: Arnoldsche Art Publishers and The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, 2007.
Ilse-Neumann, Ursula. Multiple Exposures: Jewelry and Photography. Milan: Officina Libraria, 2014.
Dormer, Peter and Helen W. Drutt English. "Jewelry of Our Time: Art, Ornament, and Obsession." New York: Rizzoli, 1995.
1933 births
1982 deaths
American jewelry designers
American metalsmiths
University of Washington alumni
Amitabh Chaudhry is an Indian banker, and the managing director (MD) and chief executive officer (CEO) of Axis Bank, the third largest private sector bank in India. They joined Axis in January 2019, after heading HDFC Life Insurance for nine years.
Education
Chaudhry is an engineer from Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, and did post graduation in business management from Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.
Career
Prior to HDFC Life, Chaudhry was the MD and CEO of Infosys BPO and the Head of testing unit of Infosys Technologies Ltd. Chaudhry began their career with Bank of America in 1987 and undertook diverse roles such as Head of Technology Investment Banking for Asia, Regional Finance Head for Wholesale Banking and Global Markets, and Chief Finance Officer of Bank of America (India). Later, they moved to Credit Lyonnais Securities in 2001 as the Head of Investment Banking franchise for South East Asia .
References
Living people
Indian bankers
Indian chief executives
Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad alumni
1964 births
Axis Bank
Neudrossenfeld is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Boroughs
Neudrossenfeld is composed of the following boroughs:
Sport
The towns association football club TSV Neudrossenfeld, formed in 1924, celebrated its greatest success in 2014 when it won promotion to the northern division of the Bayernliga for the first time.
References
Kulmbach (district)
Aleksandr Filanovich (; ; born 1 December 1992) is a Belarusian professional footballer.
Career
Filanovich spent early career playing for various clubs in the Minsk-based Amateur Football League (ALF), before being recruited by Luch Minsk in 2014.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Molodechno players
FC Luch Minsk (2012) players
FC Krumkachy Minsk players
FC Torpedo Minsk players
FC Naftan Novopolotsk players
The 1968 North American Soccer League season was the 56th season of FIFA-sanctioned soccer in the United States and Canada, and the 1st with a national first-division league with the inaugural season of the NASL.
The NASL was formed this year as a merger between the former top division soccer leagues, the United Soccer Association along with the National Professional Soccer League. In the inaugural year, the Atlanta Chiefs were the champions, by winning the NASL Final 3–0, in a two-game aggregate over the San Diego Toros. While the Chiefs were the champions for the season, the premiers for this season were the Toros, who obtained the highest point total.
Overview
17 teams competed in this inaugural season, and the Atlanta Chiefs won the championship. While San Diego won the premiership, Atlanta's winning percentage was higher because a match had been canceled. This would mark the first of five times in the league's history that the best record did not equate to a premiership. The Oakland Clippers had an identical record to the Western Division Champion Toros and a higher goal-differential, but just as with Atlanta the Toros had more league points. Oakland had won every competition in the NPSL's 1967 season, but were denied a chance to defend their title in the merged league because of this unique points system.
8 came from the NPSL: Atlanta, Baltimore, Kansas City (from Chicago), New York, Oakland, St. Louis, San Diego ( from Los Angeles) and Toronto.
9 came from the USA: Boston (nickname changed), Chicago, Cleveland, Dallas, Detroit, Houston, Los Angeles, Vancouver (nickname shortened) and Washington.
2 teams from the NPSL folded (Philadelphia and Pittsburgh).
3 teams from the USA folded (New York, San Francisco and Toronto).
2 teams, Houston (USA) and St. Louis (NPSL), had the same nickname the "Stars".
Regular season
W = Wins, L = Losses, T= Ties, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Pts= point system, Avg Att= Average Attendance
6 points for a win,
3 points for a tie,
0 points for a loss,
1 point for each goal scored up to three per game.
-Premiers (most points). -Best record. -Other playoff teams.
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
^League best, *League worst
NASL All-Stars
Playoffs
Bracket
Conference finals
NASL Final 1968
First leg
Second leg
1968 NASL Champions: Atlanta Chiefs
Post season awards
Most Valuable Player: Janusz Kowalik, Chicago
Coach of the year: Phil Woosnam, Atlanta
Rookie of the year: Kaizer Motaung, Atlanta
References
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) seasons
1968 in American soccer leagues
1968 in Canadian soccer
Natalia Ilinichna Dubova (; born 31 March 1948) is a Russian ice dancing coach and former competitive ice dancer.
Career
Competing as Natalia Bakh with partner Vladimir Pavlikhin, they won the bronze medal at the 1965 Soviet Championships. In 1969, they began coaching at the Sokolniki Arena in Moscow. In September 1992, they moved to Lake Placid, New York. They have coached the following ice dance teams:
Marina Klimova / Sergei Ponomarenko (from 1979 to 1991)
Maya Usova / Alexander Zhulin (from 1980 to 1994)
Oksana Grishuk / Evgeny Platov (from mid-1989 to mid-1992)
Tatiana Navka / Samuel Gezalian
Zhang Weina / Cao Xianming
Elizaveta Stekolnikova / Dmitri Kazarlyga
Galit Chait / Sergei Sakhnovski
Shae-Lynn Bourne / Victor Kraatz
Siobhan Heekin-Canedy / Alexander Shakalov
Jenette Maitz / Alper Ucar
Dubova was also a consultant for Marina Anissina / Gwendal Peizerat during the 2001–02 season.
They were awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour and the Medal "For Distinguished Labour". They were also granted the title of Honored Artist of Russian Federation.
Personal life
Dubova is Jewish. They met their husband, Semyon Belits-Geiman, a former Olympic swimming medalist, when they came to one of their competitions as a sportswriter. In 1999, they moved to Stamford, Connecticut.
References
1948 births
Living people
Soviet female ice dancers
Russian female ice dancers
Russian figure skating coaches
Figure skaters from Moscow
Soviet Jews
Jewish sportspeople
Sportspeople from Stamford, Connecticut
Female sports coaches
Fernando Labourdette-Liaresq (born 2 December 1905, date of death unknown) was a Spanish athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics.
References
1905 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Spanish male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Spain
Place of birth missing
Michał Zapaśnik (born 19 July 1988 in Otwock) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Znicz Pruszków.
Career
In the winter 2010, they were loaned to Dolcan Ząbki again from Zagłębie Lubin.
In the summer 2010, they left Zagłębie Lubin for Dolcan Ząbki.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Zagłębie Lubin players
Ząbkovia Ząbki players
People from Otwock
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Association football forwards
Nettastomatidae, the duckbill eels or witch eels are a family of eels. The name is from Greek netta meaning "duck" and stoma meaning "mouth".
Duckbill eels are found along the continental slopes of tropical and temperate oceans worldwide. They are bottom-dwelling fish, feeding on invertebrates and smaller fish. They are slender eels, up to in length, with narrow heads and large, toothy, mouths. Most species lack pectoral fins.
Species
About 40 species are placed in seven genera:
Genus Facciolella
Genus Hoplunnis
Genus "Leptocephalus"
Genus Nettastoma
Genus Nettenchelys
Genus Saurenchelys
Genus Venefica
References
Fish of the Atlantic Ocean
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
Fish of the Indian Ocean
Ray-finned fish families
DAT in the context of chemotherapy is an acronym that means a chemotherapy regimen most often used as an induction regimen in acute myelogenous leukemia, usually for those who are refractory to the standard "7+3" induction regimen or who has relapsed. But this regimen also can be used as primary, first-line induction therapy.
The DAT regimen consists of:
(D)aunorubicin - an anthracycline antibiotic that is able to intercalate DNA, thus disrupting cell division and preventing mitosis;
(A)ra-C (cytarabine) - an antimetabolite;
(T)hioguanine - another antimetabolite.
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in acute myeloid leukemia
Brightside railway station is a former railway station in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. The station served the communities of Brightside and Wincobank and was situated on the Midland Main Line on Holywell Road, lying between Attercliffe Road and Holmes railway station.
Work on the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway commenced in February 1837, with Brightside Cutting being the first structure undertaken. The station opened on 1 November 1838, at the same time as the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway from Wicker station and had two platforms although four tracks went through. The two outside tracks were for freight use whilst the two inside tracks were used by both stopping and express trains. The station was just over north of Sheffield railway station, and south of Rotherham. Brightside did not have any goods facilities, however, a goods yard and several sidings were located to the immediate south of the station.
Despite the opening of Meadowhall Interchange in 1990, the station remained open until 1995. A limited service had continued in its last three years and the station was closed, but all remaining trains could be caught at Meadowhall.
Both platforms remain today albeit stripped of their features and in a bad state of repair; the standard South Yorkshire style bus shelters which had replaced the station buildings by the early 1980s were removed in early 2006. The footbridge remains open a public right of way from Dearne Street to Station Lane, however access to the platforms has been blocked off since the station's closure. Only three lines run through the station site; the line the furthest east (the former up slow line towards Sheffield) has been removed.
References
Disused railway stations in Sheffield
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1838
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1995
Former Midland Railway stations
1838 establishments in England
1995 disestablishments in England
Sevimli, Hanak is a village in the District of Hanak, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Hanak District
About
The American Association of Clinical Anatomists (AACA) aims to advance the science and art of clinical anatomy. It encourages research and publication in the field and maintains high standards in the teaching of anatomy. Clinical anatomy is defined as anatomy in all its aspects - gross, histologic, developmental and neurologic as applied to clinical practice, the application of anatomic principles to the solution of clinical problems and/or the application of clinical observations to expand anatomic knowledge.
The AACA is a member of the International Federation of Associations of Anatomists (IFAA). The AACA's official journal, Clinical Anatomy, is also the official journal of the British Association of Clinical Anatomists. It publishes original and review articles of scientific, clinical, and educational interest to anatomists and clinicians.
Typical membership, regular or associate (student/intern) in the Association comprises individuals from various backgrounds
who have produced a record of research, clinical practice, clinical research, teaching in accredited colleges and universities,
administrative or other experience in the field. Many of the primary educators of medical students in their first year of medical school are AACA members. The current president of the AACA is Marios Loukas, MD, PhD.
Committees
Anatomical Services Committee
Bylaws Committee
Career Development Committee
Clinical Anatomical Terminology Committee
Educational Affairs Committee
Financial Affairs Committee
Journal Committee
Membership Committee
Nominating Committee
Program and Meeting Committees
Past Presidents
2019-2021 Robert J. Spinner, M.D.
2017-2019 Marios Loukas, M.D., Ph.D.
2015-2017 Neil S. Norton, Ph.D.
2013-2015 Brian R. MacPherson, Ph.D.
2011-2013 Anne R. Agur, Ph.D.
2009-2011 Todd R. Olson, Ph.D.
2007-2009 Lawrence M. Ross, M.D., Ph.D.
2005-2007 Thomas Quinn, Ph.D.
2003-2005 Carol Scott-Conner, M.D., Ph.D.
2001-2003 Daniel O. Graney, Ph.D.
1999-2001 R. Benton Adkins, Jr., M.D.
1997-1999 Arthur F. Dalley, II, Ph.D.
1995-1997 Peter C. Amadio, M.D.
1993-1995 Donald R. Cahill, Ph.D.
1991-1993 Sandy C. Marks, Jr. D.D.S., Ph.D.
1989-1991 Keith L. Moore, Ph.D.
1987-1989 Robert A. Chase, M.D.
1985-1987 Ralph Ger, M.D.
1983-1985 Oliver H. Beahrs, M.D.
References
External links
History
Official Journal
Anatomists
International medical and health organizations
Medical associations based in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Kopcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Grębków, south of Węgrów, and east of Warsaw.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
The Liverpool City Council adopted policies largely inspired by those elected Councillors who were members of a left wing group known as the Militant tendency through much of the 1980s, and was subsequently taken to court by the Government of Margaret Thatcher.
Policies of the Liverpool District Labour Party
In 1982, Liverpool District Labour Party adopted militant policies for the city. It adopted the slogan "Better to break the law than break the poor" which had been the slogan of the Poplar council in the East End of London in 1919–20 and was to appear on the Liverpool City Council's banner in 1984–5.
The Labour Party said cuts to the Rate Support Grant for the city were unfair and argued that £30 million had been "stolen" from Liverpool by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's government. Prominent Liverpool Militant supporters Derek Hatton and Tony Mulhearn argued that the minority Labour Council of 1980 should have attempted to set an illegal "deficit budget", spending money on the needs of the people of Liverpool, even if it exceeded the council's income, and it should demand that central government return the "stolen" money to balance the books.
Control of Liverpool City Council
In May 1983, in the face of sustained negative local and national press coverage, the newly Militant-led Labour Party gained 12 seats in the local elections and took control of the council from the 1979-1983 Tory-Liberal coalition. Now committed to an ambitious regeneration strategy, whilst refusing to make any above-inflation rent and rate rises, its new seats included the Tory leader of the council. The new leader of the council, John Hamilton, was not a Militant member.
Labour's local election vote in Liverpool increased by 40%, or 22,000 extra votes. In Broadgreen, Labour's vote increased by 50% and in the June 1983 elections, Militant supporter Terry Fields, standing on the slogan of "A workers' MP on a workers' wage", won the seat for Labour. The BBC had classed the seat as a marginal Tory seat in 1979. Militant reported that "it was the only Tory seat that was won by Labour".
The Liverpool Labour Party's vote continued to rise, with Militant claiming: "In 1982 Labour got 54,000 votes in the city, in 1983 77,000 votes, and in 1984 this soared to over 90,000. In 33 of the 34 contested seats Labour's vote increased. Labour held all 14 seats it was defending and seven seats were won from the Tories." However, no more than sixteen of the elected councillors were Militant members.
Urban Regeneration Strategy
In 1984, Liverpool City Council launched its Urban Regeneration Strategy to build 5,000 houses, seven sports centres, new parks, six new nursery classes and other works, many of which were seen to completion. The 1,200 redundancies planned by the previous Liberal administration to balance the books were cancelled, and 1,000 new jobs were created. The office of Lord Mayor was abolished and the ceremonial horses sold.
In 1985, the council joined the rate-capping rebellion in an alliance with left-led councils across Britain. Apart from Lambeth, the sixteen other councils which had followed a policy of not setting a rate had bowed to the rate-capping measures of the Conservative government, and set legal rates. The left leaderships of these councils favoured a strategy of delaying the setting of the budget, but one by one they found the means of setting a budget, leaving Liverpool and Lambeth to fight alone. The council declared "In the event of Tory threats of bankruptcy and possible arrests becoming a reality, all out strike action will take place".
Relations with Black organisations
Following the Toxteth Riots, Militant campaigned alongside the L8 Defence Committee for Chief Constable Kenneth Oxford's dismissal.
Under pressure from Black organisations to appoint a Principal Race Relations Advisor to work to combat racial discrimination in the city, the council appointed Sam Bond to the position of PRRA on 9 October 1984. Bond, a Black Londoner who had previously worked as a building surveyor and who had ideological ties to Militant, was controversial and their appointment sparked a backlash from the Black Caucus (successor to the L8 Defence Committee), a group of twelve Black community leaders who sat on the Council's Race Relations Liaison Committee. The day after Bond's appointment, the Black Caucus occupied the council buildings in protest, forcing Deputy Leader Derek Hatton to agree to re-advertise the post. After Militant reneged on this promise, the Black Caucus, alongside Bond's trade union, the National and Local Government Officers' Association (NALGO), launched a campaign against Bond, boycotting their Race Relations Unit. Bond retained their position until they were forced to resign following the 47 Militant-affiliated councillors' surcharge in 1987.
Militant disagreed with the Black Caucus's analysis of how to tackle Liverpool's racism. The Black Caucus advocated anti-racist education and positive action policies which would encourage more Black people from Liverpool 8 to attain jobs throughout the city. They condemned the ‘colour-blind ideologies of local politicians, whether based on socialist, liberal, or conservative principles, which lead to a refusal to adopt positive action measures' they claimed were necessary. Militant believed that while Black people faced discrimination and ‘double oppression', capitalism was the root of this inequity and that working-class unity should be prioritised to overturn the system.
Illegal budget
On 14 June 1985, Liverpool City Council passed an illegal budget, in which spending exceeded income, demanding the deficit be made up by the government. As bankruptcy loomed and plans for all-out strike action were finally discussed, they were narrowly lost, and not all unions balloted their members.
Liverpool councillors were advised in late August 1985 by the District Auditor that the council was about to break its legal obligations and would not be able to pay wages to its staff by December of that year. In September 1985, rather than face immediate confrontation with the law, the Labour group on the council decided on the 'tactic' of issuing ninety-day notices to the 30,000 strong workforce to gain leeway to "campaign more vigorously than ever before". A covering letter dated 19 September 1985 sent to council employees with the redundancy notice, signed by council leader John Hamilton and their deputy Derek Hatton, explains:
In their autobiography, Deputy Council leader Hatton acknowledged that taking this advice was an enormous mistake, from which the council never recovered. Although the council did not actually intend to make anyone redundant, many council staff felt the future of their jobs at the council were no longer guaranteed. The 90-day notices were seen as three months' notice of redundancy in all but name and treated as such by the media. Peter Taaffe, Militant's general secretary wrote that it was "a major tactical error".
The Council balanced the books in November 1985 after gaining £30 million in loans. In an editorial, the Militant newspaper called the budget an "orderly retreat".
In the meantime, the Urban Regeneration Strategy of the Liverpool City Council continued to provide jobs and build houses, schools and sports facilities. Lord Reg Underhill, since 1975 a long-standing opponent of Militant, wrote in a letter to The Guardian in September 1985:
1985 Labour Party Conference
Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock made a speech to the Labour Party Conference at the Bournemouth International Centre on 1 October 1985 that attacked Militant and their record in controlling Liverpool City Council:
Labour MP Eric Heffer walked off the platform during the speech while Derek Hatton repeatedly shouted "lies" at Kinnock from the balcony, and later condemned "the rantings and ravings" contained in their speech.
Disciplinary action against Militant
The NEC subsequently suspended Liverpool District Labour Party in November 1985, and began an inquiry into the council's conduct. A minority were opposed. Dennis Skinner, then an NEC member, thought it was a diversion from the Tories and the "class enemy". "They're going to spend a lot of time examining their own navel," they said. Peter Kilfoyle was appointed as an organiser, with a specific remit to remove Militant supporters from the Labour Party.
Terry Fields increased their majority in 1987 and Labour did particularly well in Liverpool, leading Militant to deny Neil Kinnock's claim that its policies were unpopular. Militant's general secretary, Peter Taaffe, subsequently wrote:
Derek Hatton was expelled from the Labour Party in June 1986.
Rate capping defeat
In Liverpool, the district auditor had charged the Militant-led 49 Liverpool city councillors £106,000. Their appeal to the House of Lords was lost in 1987 and an additional charge of £242,000 was imposed. The money was raised from donations from the Labour and trade union movement.
Expulsion from the Labour Party
When Eric Heffer retired, Lesley Mahmood, a "Broad Left" councillor and a member of Militant, stood for the Labour nomination. Peter Kilfoyle, who had been the Labour Party organiser in the city since 1985, gained the nomination by a narrow margin; they had been involved in removing Militant influence from the Liverpool Labour Party. Mahmood stood as a "Walton Real Labour" candidate in the subsequent byelection but gained only 6.5% of the vote.
Terry Fields was also criticised for their lack of support for Kilfoyle in a neighbouring seat as well as their militant approach to the community charge and was expelled from the Labour Party in December 1991. In the 1992 general election they stood as an independent against the Labour candidate, Jane Kennedy, but was defeated with only 14% of the vote.
In popular culture
The Alan Bleasdale-scripted television serial GBH (1991) was based on the period of Militant's control of Liverpool council.
References
Further reading
Militant tendency
Politics of Liverpool
Jaśkowice Legnickie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. After the expulsion of Germans from Poland the German population was forced to leave the region and go to the modern day German border.
It lies approximately east of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Before 1945 the village was in Germany by the name Jeschkendorf.
References
Villages in Legnica County
Schinia lucens, the leadplant flower moth or false indigo flower moth, is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species was first described by Herbert Knowles Morrison in 1875. It is found in the central and western United States.
The wingspan is about 25–28 mm. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on Amorpha species.
References
Schinia
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1875
Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Węgrów and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 900.
References
Villages in Węgrów County
János Szabó (born 11 July 1989 in Szekszárd, Hungary) footballer who plays for BFC Siófok.  They are a defender.
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 5 March 2022.
Honours
FIFA U-20 World Cup:
Third place: 2009
Videos
2011-2012
Video1
Video2
References
Profile
Profile
1989 births
Living people
People from Szekszárd
Hungarian footballers
Hungary international footballers
Hungary under-21 international footballers
Hungary youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Paksi FC players
BFC Siófok players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Sportspeople from Tolna County
Made Made Snana (ಮಡೆ ಮಡೆ ಸ್ನಾನ), also Made Snana, is a religious practice observed in some Hindu temples of Karnataka.
Practice
Temples in South India, hold communal meals for people of all sects, during special religious occasions. These meals, are typically of the traditional South Indian variety, where Hindu people are served food over plantain leaves on the temple floor. The ritual of Made Made Snana involves devotees rolling over the plantain leaves, once food has been partaken by Brahmins. The devotees then take a Holy dip in the nearby Kumaradhara River, after which the ritual is said to be complete. The practice is said to be more than 500 years old.
It is believed that the ritual rids one of bad Karma, skin diseases and other ailments. Devotees say it is good stress relief.
Made Made Snana was predominantly practiced on certain festive days in Subramanya temples of Karnataka, but has also been performed at vaishnavite places such as the Krishna Math, Udupi. The practice is actively practiced in the Kukke Subramanya Temple, and in the Subramanya temples of Kalavara, Kundapura Taluk and Ramanathapura, Hassan District.
The Supreme Court of India has stayed the Karnataka High Court order allowing such rituals to continue. Since the conventional Made Made Snana is now illegal, a modified version known as "Ede Snana", in which devotees roll over "prasada" (food offered to the deity) or consumed by cows is still practised.
Controversy
The practice in the prominent Kukke Subramanya Temple has generated controversy in the State of Karnataka, where certain groups and individuals, including the State president of the Backward Classes Awareness Forum, K S Shivaram, who suggested that the practice symbolizes slavery, are demanding a ban, calling it a campaign against “blind beliefs”.
The practice is generally performed by Hindus of all varna, including the Brahmins. The protestors however claim to be campaigning against Dalit oppression at the hand of Upper-caste Hindus, especially the Brahmins.
The groups claim to be protesting the casteism, superstition of the practice, and against the caste-based segregation followed during the communal meals. Udupi Matt's Pejawar Swami does support this superstitious act. It has also been reported that neither the Government of Karnataka, nor the Kukke Subramanya Temple administration endorses the continued practice of the ritual.
The imposition of a ban, however, has been challenged in the courts by the very community the protestors claim to be defending. It has been continually challenged in the court by, the Rajya Adivasi Budakattu Hitharakshana Vedike(ರಾಜ್ಯ ಆದಿವಾಸಿ ಬುಡಕಟ್ಟು ಹಿತರಕ್ಷಣ ವೇದಿಕೆ), a tribal Adivasi (classified as Dalit) rights group, who have questioned the motives in banning a practice voluntarily undertaken by people from all walks of life:
"“People from Brahmin communities and people hailing from all other communities perform this ritual out of
their own wish. It is a sort of cathartic communication with the supreme divine for many. The ritual should
never be gauged in terms of logic because it is a subjective matter governed by sentiments and belief system
of the people performing it,” says Rajya Adivasi Budakattu Hitharakshana Vedike president Bhaskar Bendodi who
has been fighting a legal battle to protect the ritual.
They question the intention of the intellectuals who remain silent throughout the year and plunge into action
against the ritual only when the temple is all set to organise it during three days of ‘Shashti' festival."
It has also been reported that members from the forest tribe, Malekudiyas, who traditionally decorate the Temple Ratha for the procession, refused to do so, were the stay on the practice, not lifted. Udayavani reports a member of the community as saying,
"The Malekudiyas of the region refuting the charges of the intellectuals that atrocities are inflicted
on the Dalits in the name of the ritual, say that no dalit is put on a gun point by anybody to perform
the ritual."
Not surprisingly, the practice continues to draw devotees from all over the state, while simultaneously drawing harsh condemnation on the Internet.
Government action
The Government of Karnataka sought to bypass the courts by including a provision banning the practice, in the Anti-Superstition bill tabled -and subsequently dropped- in the Winter assembly of 2014. The legislation also included laws, which allowed the state to gain administrative control of Hindu Temples & Mutts over arbitrary transgressions.
References
Rituals in Hindu worship
Puja (Hinduism)
Anti-Brahminism
Karnataka society
The Hellenic Olympic Committee (HOC) () is the governing Olympic body of Greece. It is the second oldest National Olympic Committee in the world (after the French Olympic Committee), it organizes the country's representatives at the Olympic Games and other multi-sport events.
Members of the committee are 27 sports federations, which elect the Executive Council composed of the president and six members.
It is based in Athens, Greece.
History
The history of the Hellenic Olympic Committee is strongly connected to the history of the revival of the Olympic Games. It was founded in Athens on February 3, 1894 with the name Committee of the Olympic Games (, E.O.A.) and became a member of the International Olympic Committee in 1895. E.O.A organized 1896 Summer Olympics, first in modern history, in restored Panathenaic Stadium, who was held from 6 to 15 April.
In 1899, Greek government gave to E.O.A. full responsibility to cooperate with other sport federations, spreads the Olympic spirit and its structure of the 12 members, led by the president.
When Athens was chosen as the host city of the 2004 Summer Olympics during the 106th IOC Session held in Lausanne on 5 September 1997, in 2000 the E.O.A. changed its name to the Hellenic Olympic Committee.
From the Mediterranean Games in Alexandria in 1951, Hellenic Olympic Committee is responsible for their holding every four years as part of preparations for the Olympic Games.
The HOC organises the lighting ceremony of the Olympic flame in Ancient Olympia for ceremonies of the Summer and Winter Olympic Games, as well as the Olympic torch relay over Greece, before the Flame continues its journey in the host country of the Olympic Games.
List of presidents
IOC Members
Executive committee
The committee of the HOC is represented by:
President: Spyros Capralos
Vice President: Stelios Aggeloudis
Secretary General: Emmanuel Kolympadis
Treasurer: Antonis Nikolopoulos
Members: Aristidis Adamopoulos, Polyxeni Argeitaki, Ioannis Karras, Nikos Iatrou
Member federations
The Hellenic National Federations are the organizations that coordinate all aspects of their individual sports. They are responsible for training, competition and development of their sports. There are currently 26 Olympic Summer and one Winter Sport Federations in Greece.
Objects of the HOC
The Hellenic Olympic Committee operates a number of sports facilities: Panathenaic Stadium, Karaiskakis Stadium, Athens Olympic Aquatic Centre, the education facilities of the International Olympic Academy, Museum of Modern Olympic Games in Ancient Olympia; and participates in the management of OAKA.
See also
Greece at the Olympics
References
External links
Official website
Greece at the Olympics
National Olympic Committees
Olympic
1894 establishments in Greece
Sports organizations established in 1894
Surat Davud oghlu Huseynov (; born 12 February 1959 in Kirovabad) is an Azerbaijani colonel and ex-Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, who rose to prominence during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War. Their military career led, in 1993, to their rise to Prime Minister and later prison term.
Prior to the war
After serving in the army in 1977–1979 and later graduating from the Leninabad Technological Institute, Surat Huseynov worked as a plumber, a warehouse employee and an assistant operator at the Kirovabad Textile Factory. In 1983–1984 they resided in Novopavlovsk, Russia. For the next two years they worked as a wool sorter at a storing department in Shaki, Azerbaijan. In 1986 they became senior inspector of a textile factory in Yevlakh and was promoted to manager just before the war. They were considered one of key figures in Soviet Azerbaijan's black market and was known for having funded the sovereigntist Popular Front of Azerbaijan in the late Soviet era.  They are married and has two children.
First Nagorno-Karabakh War
At the dawn of the conflict in 1990, Huseynov formed an armed group supported by the local Soviet Ground Forces division. They have been reported to have originated the group in Yevlakh. In summer 1992, their detachment took part in the Azerbaijani offensive which led to the capture of Mardakert on 4 July 1992.
Ganja revolt
The Popular Front of Azerbaijan blamed Huseynov for treason and for intentionally ceding the villages around Mardakert to Armenians (allowing their advance into Kalbajar region) to benefit Russian geopolitical interests in the region. After the remaining Soviet turned Russian troops left Ganja on 28 May 1993, President Abulfaz Elchibey initiated a military operation called Tufan aimed at arresting Huseynov and disarming their detachments. Elchibey deployed 4,000 troops led by Minister of Defence Dadash Rzayev, Commander of Internal Forces Fahmin Hajiyev and Attorney General Ikhtiyar Shirinov to Ganja. On 4 June 1993, at 6 o'clock in the morning, the two groups confronted each other, however not only did the Presidential Guard fail to disarm Huseynov, but the latter quickly defeated it. The number of casualties on both sides, and among civilians, was 69. Attorney General Ikhtiyar Shirinov among others was taken hostage, while Dadash Rzayev and Fahmin Hajiyev fled Ganja. Surat Huseynov demanded that Ikhtiyar Shirinov signed a warrant for President Elchibey's arrest on grounds of conspiracy, murder, and abuse of power, which was exercised immediately. Within several days Huseynov extended their control onto the neighbouring regions without meeting any opposition and started advancing toward the capital city of Baku. Upon Huseynov's approach on 18 June, Elchibey secretly fled the capital to their native village of Kalaki in Nakhchivan. Heydar Aliyev who had just returned to Baku from Nakhchivan City and was elected Chairman of the Supreme Council of Azerbaijan on 15 June, was subsequently voted to take over presidency in the country. On 27–29 June, Aliyev negotiated with Surat Huseynov, and as a result the latter agreed to stop their advance on the capital city in exchange to becoming Prime Minister of Azerbaijan with extensive authority over the Ministry of National Security of Azerbaijan, Ministry of Defence and Ministry of Internal Affairs. On 30 June, the National Assembly of Azerbaijan elected Huseynov to the requested office.
Escape, conviction and later release
Surat Huseynov, now Prime Minister, reportedly expressed dissatisfaction with Heydar Aliyev signing the so-called "Contract of the Century" with the international oil consortium AIOC, which allowed Western companies to extract Azerbaijani oil in the Caspian Sea. According to Huseynov, such infringement of Russian interests in the region would not lead to positive outcomes for Azerbaijan. Some saw that as a manifestation of Huseynov's pro-Russian agenda which went back to their active contacts with Russian military commanders in 1990–1993. On 5 October 1994, riot squads reportedly accompanied by Huseynov's units attempted a coup d'état, supported by the military, against Aliyev, which was immediately suppressed. Huseynov fled to Russia. Negotiations with the Russian government resulted in Huseynov's extradition to Azerbaijan on 26 March 1997, where they were charged with treason and attempted coup, among other crimes. The arrest was performed simultaneously with the signing of the Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation between Azerbaijan and Russia, and a contract by which the Russian oil company LUKoil was to exploit the oil field of Yalama. On 15 February 1999, Surat Huseynov was sentenced to life in prison (the highest form of punishment in Azerbaijan). In 2004, under pressure from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, President Ilham Aliyev pardoned him. Huseynov was released and now lives a secluded life in the town of Buzovna, near Baku.
References
Azerbaijani colonels
Military personnel from Ganja, Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
1959 births
Living people
Warlords
Politicians from Ganja, Azerbaijan
Prime Ministers of Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani prisoners and detainees
People extradited to Azerbaijan
Prisoners and detainees of Azerbaijan
Judo competitions at the 2015 Parapan American Games in Toronto were held from August 12 to 14 at the Abilities Centre, win Whitby, Ontario.
Medal table
Medalists
The medalists:
Men's events
Women's events
Participating nations
A total of 10 nations sent their athletes to Judo tournaments.
See also
Judo at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
References
Events at the 2015 Parapan American Games
2015
American Games,Para
Samuel Edward Krune Mqhayi (S. E. K. Mqhayi, 1 December 1875 – 29 July 1945) was a Xhosa dramatist, essayist, critic, novelist, historian, biographer, translator and poet whose works are regarded as instrumental in standardising the grammar of isiXhosa and preserving the language in the 20th century.
Life
Mqhayi was born in the village of Gqumahashe (an old Mission station) in the Thyume valley near Alice in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa to parents Ziwani Krune Mqhayi and Qashani Bedle on 1 December 1875. Mqhayi's parents were Christians with their father Ziwani known as "a leading man in their church, famous for their counsel, their preaching, and their singing." Mqhayi began their primary schooling in the Thyume Valley. At the age of nine, Mqhayi moved with their father (his mother having died when they were 2 years old) to Centane to stay with their uncle Nzanzana (the headsman of the area) during the witgatboom famine of 1885. Mqhayi recounts the six years they spent in Centane as having had an impact on them and their writing "In those six years I learned much respecting Xhosa life, including the refinements of Xhosa language. … If I had not been at Kentani [sic] for those six years, it seems to me as if I would not have been any help to my nation … it was the means of getting an insight into the national life of my people." When Mqhayi was 15, their uncle died and their father, who had moved to Grahamstown, sent their sister to fetch him. Mqhayi attended Lovedale College where they studied to become a teacher. Mqhayi died in 1945 at Ntab'ozuko, and was buried in Berlin near King Williams Town.
Works
During the 1890s, the printing press had become popular amongst the Black community in South Africa. In 1897, Mqhayi, Allan Kirkland Soga, Tiyo Soga and others launched their own newspaper, Izwi Labantu. In one of their prose writings on Izwi Labantu, Mqhayi reflected on their disappointment with the westernisation of Africa:
Translation:
In 1905, Mqhayi was appointed in the Xhosa Bible Revision Board in 1905. Later, they would help to standardize Xhosa grammar and writing, and then become a full-time author.
In 1907 they wrote their first novel in the isiXhosa language, U-Samson an adaption of the biblical story of Samson, which is now lost. In 1914, they published Ityala lamawele ('The Lawsuit of the Twins') an influential isiXhosa novel and an early defence of customary law and Xhosa tradition. In 1925, they wrote a biography of John Knox Bokwe titled uJohn Knox Bokwe: Ibali ngobomi bakhe, which was published by Lovedale Press in 1972. Mqhayi added seven stanzas to Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika which was originally written by Enoch Sontonga in 1927. Their autobiography is titled UMqhayi waseNtab'ozuko (Mqhayi of Mount Glory). They wrote Utopia, UDon Jadu in 1929.
Mqhayi was known as ‘Imbongi yakwaGompo' (the poet of Gompo) and later ‘Imbongi yesizwe' (the poet of the nation).
Legacy
A youthful Nelson Mandela, who esteemed them "a poet laureate of the African people," saw Mqhayi at least twice in the flesh, and once, to their infinite pleasure, heard them recite. Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika was adopted by several African states as the national anthem including South Africa, Namibia and Zambia. They won the 1935 May Ester Bedford Prize for Bantu literature.
References
Smith, David James. Young Mandela. Kent: Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 2010.
External links
Sociological Imagination of S.E.K. Mqhayi
1875 births
1945 deaths
Xhosa people
19th-century South African poets
South African male novelists
South African male poets
Philologists
19th-century male writers
Xhosa-language poets
Xhosa-language writers
The J.W. Burnham House is a historic house near Haynesville, Louisiana. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since January 22, 1987.
The house was built in 1890 and was modified in about 1900 to add elements of Queen Anne architecture. The modifications included enlarging the attic, adding two octagonal corner towers, and adding a wraparound porch.
The house was further modified in 1935, in the 1940s and in 1985. It was once the center of a complex including a "Burnham, Louisiana" post office, a saw mill, and more.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Houses completed in 1900
Buildings and structures in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana
Mount Yapeitso is located in the unorganized territory of Mont-Valin, in the Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean, in Quebec, in Canada.
Toponymy
In 1949, botanist Jacques Rousseau explored the Otish Mountains, which they designated as "the hydrographic hub of Quebec". As of January 1950, they informed the secretary of the Commission de géographie du Québec of a project to name the geographical entities included in these mountains. In an article entitled “The Rise and Fall of the Watshish Mountains”, published in 1959, Rousseau presented their toponymic proposals, including the name “Bignell Peak” to designate Mount Yapeitso. This name refers to Frank Bignell, an assistant surveyor whom Rousseau considers to be probably the first white man to have climbed the mountain at the end of the previous century. Frank Bignell was the son of John Bignell (1817-1902), the surveyor who explored the Lake Mistassini area with geologist Albert Peter Low in 1885.
Rousseau knew that this mountain was called “Mount Yapeitso” by the Nichicoun Amerindians (members of the Naskapi nation), “yapeits” meaning “male caribou”. They chose to preserve this name by attributing it to the lake which borders the north-eastern side of the mountain (this sheet of water is now called `` lake of the Ptarmigan ). In 1971, the Commission de géographie du Québec chose to rehabilitate the Amerindian name and formalize the name of the mountain in the form Mont Yapeitso ''.
The toponym "mont Yapeitso" was registered on November 18, 1971, in the Quebec Place Names Bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
Geography
Culminating at above sea level, Mount Yapeitso stands on the south-eastern flank of the Otish Mountains, about 230 km west of Fermont, located in the Côte-Nord region. It straddles the boundaries of the municipality of Eeyou Istchee Baie-James and the MRC of Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality.
The nearest towns are Baie-Comeau and Chibougamau.
See also
Otish Mountains
References
External links
Région des monts Otish, Ministry of Natural Resources of Quebec
The diamonds of the north, official site of UQAM
Landforms of Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean
Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality
Landforms of Nord-du-Québec
Mary Sullivan may refer to:
Mary Sullivan (murder victim), a victim in the Boston Strangler case
Mary Sullivan (netball) (1920–1977), New Zealand netball player
Mary A. Sullivan (died 1950), American police detective
Mary Ann Sullivan (born 1959), American politician (former member of the Indiana House of Representatives)
Mary Gail Sullivan (born 1952), American former rugby union player
Mary Quinn Sullivan (1877–1939), American art collector
Mary Sullivan (politician), member of the Vermont House of Representatives
See also
Mary Kenney O'Sullivan (1864–1943), organizer in the early U.S. labor movement
Mary Josephine Donovan O'Sullivan (1886–1966), professor of history
Lewis Guy Melville Thorpe FRSA FRHistS (5 November 1913 – 10 October 1977) was a British philologist and translator. They were married to the Italian scholar and lexicographer Barbara Reynolds.
After service in Italy in the Second World War, Lewis Thorpe joined the staff of the University of Nottingham in 1946. They were Professor of French there from 1958 to 1977. They served as President of the British Branch of the International Arthurian Society and was a member of the Marylebone Cricket Club.
Thorpe was born in Croydon. They died in Nottingham in 1977.
Publications
La France guerrière. Penguin, 1945.
Le roman de Laurin, fils de Marques le Sénéchal. 1950.
Le roman de Laurin: text of MS B. N. F. fr. 22548. Cambridge: Heffer, 1960.
Guido Farina, Painter of Verona, 1896-1957. 1967 (with Barbara Reynolds).
Heldris de Cornouaille, Le roman de Silence. Cambridge: Heffer, 1972.
The Bayeux Tapestry and the Norman Invasion. 1973.
As editor
Bulletin bibliographique of the International Arthurian Society
Nottingham Mediaeval Studies
Nottingham French Studies
As translator
Geoffrey of Monmouth, The History of the Kings of Britain. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1966 (revised, 1976).
Einhard and Notker the Stammerer, Two lives of Charlemagne. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1969.
Einhard the Frank, The Life of Charlemagne. 1970.
Gregory of Tours, The History of the Franks. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1974.
Gerald of Wales, The Journey Through Wales and The Description of Wales. Harmondsworth: Penguin, 1978.
References
Lewis Thorpe's translation of Gerald of Wales, The Journey Through Wales and The Description of Wales (Penguin Books, 1978)
History of the Kings of Britain, Penguin 1973 reprint
1913 births
1977 deaths
Latin–English translators
British philologists
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Academics of the University of Nottingham
People from Croydon
20th-century British translators
20th-century philologists
This list of museums in the state of Tyrol (state), Austria contains museums which are defined for this context as institutions (including nonprofit organizations, government entities, and private businesses) that collect and care for objects of cultural, artistic, scientific, or historical interest and make their collections or related exhibits available for public viewing. Also included are non-profit art galleries and university art galleries.
The list
References
Museums and exhibitions in Tyrol
Tyrol museums – tourism information
Tyrol
Firozabad Municipal Corporation is the municipal corporation governing Indian city of Firozabad . Municipal Corporation mechanism in India was introduced during British Rule with formation of municipal corporation in Madras (Chennai) in 1688, later followed by municipal corporations in Bombay (Mumbai) and Calcutta (Kolkata) by 1762. Firozabad Municipal Corporation is headed by Mayor of city and governed by Commissioner.
History and administration
Firozabad Municipal Corporation was formed to improve the infrastructure of the town as per the needs of local population. Firozabad Municipal Corporation has been categorised into wards and each ward is headed by councillor for which elections are held every 5 years.
Firozabad Municipal Corporation is governed by mayor Smt Nutan Rathore and administered by Municipal Commissioner Smt Prerna Sharma.
Functions
Firozabad Municipal Corporationis created for the following functions:
Planning for the town including its surroundings which are covered under its Department's Urban Planning Authority .
Approving construction of new buildings and authorising use of land for various purposes.
Improvement of the town's economic and Social status.
Arrangements of water supply towards commercial,residential and industrial purposes.
Planning for fire contingencies through Fire Service Departments.
Creation of solid waste management,public health system and sanitary services.
Working for the development of ecological aspect like development of Urban Forestry and making guidelines for environmental protection.
Working for the development of weaker sections of the society like mentally and physically handicapped,old age and gender biased people.
Making efforts for improvement of slums and poverty removal in the town.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds.
See Also
List of Municipal Corporations in India
References
External links
Official Website
Municipal corporations in Uttar Pradesh
Firozabad
The Geological Survey of Queensland (GSQ) is the Australian state of Queensland's government body responsible for the management of geoscience knowledge. It is a unit within the Government of Queensland's Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy.
GSQ collects geoscience data either from industry - mining companies compels by legislation to report certain activities - or directly through its own surveys and then shares that information, sometimes after embargo periods, to enable potential investors a better understanding of the resource potential of Queensland.
The GSQ works closely with Australia's equivalent national government agency, Geoscience Australia, to ensure that data collected/generated by either agency is interoperable since resource potential may cross state borders.
GSQ is also involved with international efforts to standardise the reporting and representation of geoscience information, particularly through Semantic Web-based initiatives such as the ESIP Federation's Semantic Web for Earth and Environmental Terminology (SWEET) Ontologies project which operates an integrated ontology used to model a wide range of geological (and many other) scientific concepts.
Through its current Geoscience Data Mondernisation Program (GDMP), GSQ intends to greatly increase the proportion of its data holdings that it makes publicly available from the current 10% to 90%, by 2021. This program is thought, by GSQ staff, to position GSQ at the cutting edge of government public data delivery both amongst Australia government organisations and its geological survey agency peers internationally.
In 2018, GSQ turned 150th years old making it one of the older geological agencies in the world today. Queensland's first geologists, Richard Daintree and Christopher Aplin, were appointed in April 1868.
References
See also
Geological Survey of Queensland, DNRME web page
Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy
Geology of Queensland
Government agencies of Queensland
Geological surveys of Australia
In late December 1989 and early January 1990, an estimated 70,000 tons of crude oil spilled from the Iranian oil tanker Khark 5 after they suffered a hull breach on 19 December in the mid Atlantic Ocean off of Morocco.
Background
SS Khark 5 was built by Sasebo Heavy Industries of Sasebo, Japan, and entered service in October 1975 as Chase Venture. They were long, with a beam of , and measured 384,632 DWT. They were powered by a single steam turbine engine that gave them a service speed of . They sustained damage during the Iran–Iraq War, when they were bombed three times by Iraqi warplanes. In 1986, they were named Khark 5.
Incident
On 19 December 1989, Khark 5 was sailing in heavy weather about north of the Canary Islands and west of Morocco when their hull ruptured, triggering an explosion. Two of the ship's fourteen oil tanks were breached, and the 35 crewmembers abandoned ship, later to be rescued by the Soviet Union cargo ship Sarny. Shortly after the explosion, Smit Tak, a Dutch marine salvage company, was engaged to recover Khark 5. The company landed a firefighting team on the tanker, which extinguished fires on board by 21 December but were unable to immediately repair the hull breach, estimated to measure by . Both Spain and Morocco denied requests to tow the vessel into calmer waters off their coasts, which Smit Tak said prolonged efforts to repair the breach in heavy seas, although repeated efforts in December to take Khark 5 under tow anyway resulted in failure when tow cables snapped. French environmental minister Brice Lalonde later said that the operation had also been delayed during this time while Smit Tak negotiated with the Iranian state-owned oil company over payment for their services.
During the following weeks, the government of Morocco attempted to contain the leaking oil, but their efforts proved largely ineffective, and on 1 January 1990, Morocco made a public request for aid from Britain, France, Spain, and Portugal. When the government made its appeal, the leading edge of the oil slick was about offshore from the Moroccan coast and was about in area, and Khark 5 was adrift about from shore. During the first days of January, several hundred responders from Morocco and Europe used chemicals to break apart the slick, laid barriers to stop the spread, and pulled oil from the water. Their efforts, combined with natural dispersion of the slick by waves and evaporation in sunny weather, meant that the majority of the oil had dispersed before reaching shore.
By 3 January, Smit Tak had taken Khark 5 in tow, and had brought them about off the Moroccan coast, bound southwest towards calmer seas. The company's workers finally sealed the hull breach after an estimated 70,000 tons of oil had spilled from the tanker. After being denied entry to Portuguese waters at the island of Madeira, Smit Tak continued towing Khark 5 towards the Cape Verde Islands.
Aftermath
In early February, the 190,000 tons of oil remaining on Khark 5 was transferred to the Iranian tanker Shirkuh, and Khark 5 was again taken under tow, this time north towards Europe for repairs. They returned to service and was renamed Koohrang in 1991, and operated under that name until they were broken up at Gadani, Pakistan, in September 2001.
Notes
References
Oil spills
Maritime incidents in 1989
