Billy Porter (July 1905 – 28 April 1946) was an English footballer. Their regular position was at full back. They were born in Fleetwood, Lancashire. They played for Windsor Villa, Fleetwood Town, Oldham Athletic, Manchester United and Hyde United, as well as guesting for several teams during the Second World War.
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1905 births
People from Fleetwood
1946 deaths
English footballers
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Fleetwood Town F.C. players
Hyde United F.C. players
Hyde United F.C. managers
Association football defenders
English football managers
Cwmbran Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium and sports complex in Cwmbran, Wales. The stadium holds 10,500 people and the main outdoor arena consists of an athletics track surrounding a 4g football pitch. It is the home ground of Cwmbran Town F.C.
The complex has an outdoor floodlit artificial playing surface for football and hockey.
Indoor facilities include a 25-metre swimming pool and one of the best indoor bowling facilities in Wales with 6 rinks .
The most recent investment in the centre is a state of the art Fitness Suite which includes:
45 station 'state-of-the-art' Fitness Suite
Modern Health Suite including Sun Beds / Sauna / Jacuzzi / Steam Room
Modern Dance/Group Exercise Studio
8 & 4 Court Sports Halls
1 Squash Court
Beauty Therapy & Physiotherapy Treatment Rooms
3 Community/Meeting Rooms
Party & Crèche Facilities
Café & Bar
The Grandstand was condemned in 2012.
The Track was condemned for competition purposes in 2013 but is still certified for training purposes.
References
External links
Aerial Photo of Cwmbran Stadium
Cwmbran Stadium (Torfaen Council)
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
Indoor arenas in Wales
Multi-purpose stadiums in the United Kingdom
Athletics (track and field) venues in Wales
Swimming venues in Wales
Cwmbran
Paula Arenas (born May 1, 1988 in Bogotá, Colombia) is a Colombian pop singer-songwriter. In 2011 and 2012 they released two extended plays with their name Paula Arenas, the following years they released a couple of singles as "Me Hace Bien", "Sola", "Lo Que El Tiempo Dejó" (featuring Esteman), "Excesos" and "Un Día Cualquiera". "Lo Que El Tiempo Dejó" was a top 10 hit in Colombia. Then they moved to Miami and started over their process as singer and changed their professional name to Paula. In 2016 released their debut single called "Nada" produced by Julio Reyes Copello, it received a generally positive response and support in social networks from Carla Morrison and compatriot singers Juanes and Fonseca. In May 2016 they supported Alejandro Sanz as the opening act on their 'Sirope' tour in Colombia. In 2017 they released a single called 'Tanto Tanto' followed by their third EP Matices. They were nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best New Artist at the 18th Annual Latin Grammy Awards in 2017.
Discography
Studio albums
Visceral (2019)
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
Latin Grammy Awards
A Latin Grammy Award is an accolade by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry.
|-
| rowspan=1|2017 || Paula Arenas || Best New Artist ||
|-
| rowspan=3|2019 || rowspan=2| Visceral || Album of the Year ||
|-
| Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album ||
|-
| Buena Para Nada || Best Pop Song ||
References
External links
Paula (Official Website)
Art House Records
1988 births
Living people
Colombian pop singers
21st-century Colombian women singers
People from Bogotá
Women in Latin music
Latin music songwriters
Sir William Milbourne James, (29 June 1807 – 7 June 1881) was a Welsh barrister and judge. A Chancery specialist, they were appointed to the Court of Chancery of England in 1869. The next year, they were appointed Lord Justice of Appeal in Chancery (Lord Justice of Appeal from 1877), serving until their death in 1881.
Early life and family
James was born in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, in 1807 to Christopher James, a prosperous provision merchant, and their wife, Ann. They were baptised Presbyterian. Their cousin was Charles Herbert James, who later became Member of Parliament for Merthyr Tydfil. They were educated privately at the school run by John James of Gellionnen before entering Glasgow University.
In 1836 James was included in the preparations for the record breaking balloon trip funded by Robert Hollond. They were amongst six people included in the commemorative painting which is now in the National Portrait Gallery in London.
In 1846 James married Maria Otter, daughter of William Otter, Bishop of Chichester. The couple had two children, a son and a daughter. Their son, W. C. James, became an officer in the 16th Lancers, and was the father of Admiral Sir William Milbourne James. Their daughter, Mary Jaqueline James, married George Salis-Schwabe, also of the 16th Lancers.
Career at the bar
James was called to the Bar from Lincoln's Inn in 1831. James first practised their legal work around the South Wales circuit, but later switched their activities to their Chancery practice.
During their legal career, they held several government legal positions: Junior Counsel to HM Treasury in Equity, Junior Counsel to the Woods and Forests Department, the Inland Revenue, and the Metropolitan Board of Works. In 1853 they were appointed Queen's Counsel, and Vice-Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster.
James also was appointed to several commissions of inquiry into various subjects, including equity procedure, the Law Commission of India, and the army purchase commission. As a member of the judicature commission, they argued strongly for major reforms, including the abolition of pleadings.
In 1866, they were the Treasurer of Lincoln's Inn.
Political activity
James stood for election twice in the constituency of Derby, as a Liberal. They were also a member of the Reform Club. In 1880, they were considered for the nomination to the Merthyr Tydfil seat when their cousin was elected, but by that time James had lost touch with Welsh affairs and had little interest in the Welsh national movement.
Judicial career
On 2 January, 1869, James was appointed a Vice-Chancellor of the Court of Chancery, receiving the customary knighthood. The next year, 1870, they were appointed a Lord Justice of Appeal of the Court of Appeal in Chancery. They were also sworn to the Privy Council.
They had a reputation as an eminent and shrewd judge, learned in the law, with a talent for concise but clear enunciation of principles. While on the Court of Appeal in Chancery, they decided several cases under the new Companies Act and Bankruptcy Act of 1869. Lambe v Eames, which is a leading case on the construction of declarations of trust, and Ex parte Mackay, a foundational case in bankruptcy law. In Tamplin v James they gave the decision concerning the availability of specific performance for a breach of contract induced by mistake.
In 1874, James gave the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in a significant constitutional case from Canada, Maher v Town Council of Portland. The case concerned the interpretation of s. 93 of the British North America Act, 1867 (now the Constitution Act, 1867), dealing with publicly funded religious separate schools, and has been cited by the Canadian courts in subsequent cases dealing with separate schools.
Interest in India
In addition to sitting on the commission relating to Indian legal matters, James had a personal interest in India and its position in the Empire. Prior to their appointment to the bench, they began writing a planned two-volume text on India, but did not complete it due to their judicial workload and ill-health. Their daughter, Mary Salis Schwabe, completed the editorial work on the first volume, which was published the year after James's death.
Later life and death
James died in 1881 at their London residence, 47 Wimpole Street, and is buried at Highgate Cemetery.
Judgments
Lambe v Eames (1871) LR 6 Ch App 597
Ex parte Mackay (1873) LR 8 Ch App 643
Maher v Town Council of Portland (1874) Wheeler's Confederation Law of Canada (London: Eyre & Spottiswoode, 1896), pp. 362-366
Tamplin v James (1880) 15 Ch D 215 (CA)
Publications
Sir William Milbourne James, "The British in India" (London: MacMillan and Co., 1882); edited by Mary J. Salis Schwabe.
Arms
References
Bibliography
1807 births
1881 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
19th-century English judges
Members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
People from Merthyr Tydfil
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
19th-century Welsh lawyers
The teardrop white-eye (Rukia ruki), also known as the Faichuk white-eye, Truk white-eye, or great Truk white-eye, is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. Some advocate that it is the only true member of the genus Rukia, or the "great white-eyes".
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to the summit of Mount Winipot on Tol, in the Faichuk group of islands within the Chuuk (Truk) atoll in Micronesia. Its habitat is montane rainforest dominated by the endemic Chuuk poisontree. Due to its restricted range on one small mountaintop and the locals' disdain for the native poisontree, it is severely threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
teardrop white-eye
Birds of the Federated States of Micronesia
teardrop white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Muruqucha (Quechua muru blunt; mutilated; stained; pip, grain; smallpox, qucha lake, hispanicized spelling Morococha) is a mountain at a small lake of that name in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, Marcapomacocha District.
The lake named Muruqucha lies on the southeastern slope of the mountain at . Yanaqucha ("black lake") is the name of the larger lake southwest of Muruqucha.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
FM 957 can refer to:
FM 957 (Icelandic Radio Station), an Icelandic Radio Station
FM 957, a Farm to Market road in Texas
NCAA Final Four Basketball is a video game developed by Bitmasters and published by Mindscape for the Sega Genesis and SNES.
Gameplay
NCAA Final Four Basketball is a game which makes use of the top 64 college basketball teams as well as their official team logos. The player can take control of all five players on the team. The game offers two different practice modes in addition to the main game.
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the SNES version of the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "It's pretty looking, but dull."
Reviews
Nintendo Power #65 (1994 October)
GamePro (May, 1995)
Video Games & Computer Entertainment - Feb, 1995
References
1994 video games
College basketball video games in the United States
Mindscape games
NCAA video games
Sega Genesis games
Super Nintendo Entertainment System games
Video games developed in the United States
Capitol Collectors Series is a compilation album of songs by Jo Stafford. It was released on the Capitol Records label on March 18, 1991, and is a collection of their best known hits during the 1940s.
Track listing
"Old Acquaintance"
"How Sweet You Are"
"Long Ago (And Far Away)"
"I Love You"
"It Could Happen to You"
"The Trolley Song"
"There's No You"
"That's for Me"
"Symphony"
"Ridin' on the Gravy Train"
"This Is Always"
"The Things We Did Last Summer"
"Smoke Dreams"
"Temptation [Tim-Tayshun]" (with Red Ingle)
"I'm So Right Tonight"
"Serenade of the Bells"
"I Never Loved Anyone"
"He's Gone Away"
"Congratulations"
"Once and for Always"
"Some Enchanted Evening"
"Whispering Hope" (with Gordon MacRae)
"Ragtime Cowboy Joe"
"Scarlet Ribbons (For Them Hair)"
"It's Great to Be Alive" (with Johnny Mercer)
"No Other Love"
Reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic calls the album "an exquisite collection of Stafford's most memorable love songs from the '40s".
References
1991 compilation albums
Jo Stafford compilation albums
Capitol Records compilation albums
Harold W. Tower (July 17, 1911 – August 12, 1994) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. In 1932, they won the gold medal as member of the American boat in the eights competition.
References
External links
profile
1911 births
1994 deaths
American male rowers
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Isabelle Mouthon-Michellys (born 14 June 1966 in Annecy) is an athlete from France, who competes in triathlon.
Mouthon competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took seventh place with a total time of 2:02:53.41. Them split times were 19:48.98 for the swim, 1:05:28.50 for the cycling, and 0:37:35.93 for the run.
Them twin sister, Béatrice Mouthon, also competed in the 2000 Olympic triathlon.
References
1966 births
Living people
French female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of France
Twin people from France
Sportspeople from Annecy
Twin sportspeople
Motovsky Gulf (, Motovsky zaliv) is a body of water off the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia. The Titovka River flows to the gulf.
Gulfs of Russia
Gulfs of the Arctic Ocean
Bays of Murmansk Oblast
Louise Roe (born 3 December 1981) is an English television presenter, model, and fashion journalist.  They are notable for hosting BBC's The Clothes Show, E!'s Fashion Police, E!'s Perfect Catch, the MTV Europe Music Awards' Red Carpet Show, and The CW's TV show Plain Jane. They hosted STAR World's reality TV show Fit for Fashion.
Personal life
Louise Roe was born in Surrey, England on the 3rd December 1981.
After studying at Guildford High School, an independent girls' school in Surrey, they graduated from Durham University with a First Class Honors degree in English Literature.
Them first job was interning at Elle.
In 2007, one of the editors asked them to be on BBC Breakfast. After the show, one of the producers asked them if they would like to be on another television show.
Roe married Mackenzie Hunkin in October 2016. The wedding was held at Eton College Chapel along with their family and friends.
Roe gave birth to their first daughter, Honor Florence Crosby Hunkin, January 11, 2018.
Roe gave birth to their second daughter, Inès Hunkin, May 28, 2021.
Career
Journalism
They have written fashion articles for MSN, Vogue UK, Elle UK, and various magazines.
Television
Roe began their career as the news editor for Vogue.com, in London. They have since written for publications including Elle UK, In Style UK, People StyleWatch, CosmoGirl NL, Luxdeco Interiors magazine, and Martha Stewart Weddings.
They have hosted BBC's The Clothes Show, E!'s Fashion Police, and E!'s Perfect Catch.
They were a guest judge on Britain's Next Top Model and Project Catwalk.
In 2008, they presented the BBC show, Addicted to Boob Jobs. They have also hosted Style Network's How Do I Look, 10 Things I Hate About Me, and Make Me a Supermodel.
In 2009, they hosted E! Sexiest Catch. After hosting The Clothes Show and hosting web segments for Vogue.com, they moved to Los Angeles, California. They appeared in the second season of the MTV show The City. They also hosted The CW TV show Plain Jane.
In 2011, they were an on-air correspondent for E! during its royal wedding coverage on Friday 29 April.
On 6 November 2011, they hosted the MTV Europe Music Awards Red Carpet Show in 2011 and later again in 2012 and 2013.
In 2012, they were chosen to replace Elle Macpherson as host of the second season of NBC's reality competition program Fashion Star. The series premiered on 8 March 2013.
In 2015, Roe hosted Style by Jury for TLC as well as being the host of two seasons of Fit for Fashion, a reality TV show on for Fox Asia. Louise also released their first non-fiction book, Front Roe, in Spring 2015.
Roe still covers all red carpet coverage for NBC's Access Hollywood.
Roe also runs their Front Roe blog, a celebration of their favourite fashion, beauty and lifestyle moments.
References
External links
Louise Roe at ITM London
1981 births
Living people
People educated at Guildford High School
British television personalities
English fashion journalists
English women journalists
Alumni of Collingwood College, Durham
English bloggers
British women bloggers
Tsuneonella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
The black-throated magpie-jay (Calocitta colliei) is a strikingly long-tailed magpie-jay of northwestern Mexico.
Taxonomy
The black-throated magpie-jay was formally described in 1829 by the Irish zoologist Nicholas Aylward Vigors from a specimen collected at San Blas, Nayarit, Mexico. The specimen had been obtained by members of an expedition to explore the western coast of North America captained by Frederick William Beechey on HMS Blossom. Vigors coined the binomial name Pica colleriei, with the specific epithet chosen to honour Alexander Collie, the surgeon onboard the Blossom, who had presented the specimen to the Zoological Society of London. The black-throated magpie-jay is now one of two species placed in the genus Calocitta that was introduced in 1841 by the English zoologist George Robert Gray. The species is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
Description
This species is 58.5 to 76.5 cm (23 to 30 inches) long, more than half of which is the tail, and weight is 225-251 grams (8-9 oz.). Only a very few corvids, including the black-billed magpie, the red-billed blue magpie and the closely related white-throated magpie-jay, have a comparable tail length. The upperparts are blue with white tips to the tail feathers; the underparts are white. The bill, legs, head, and conspicuous crest are black except for a pale blue crescent over the eyes and a patch under the eye. In juveniles, the crest has a white tip and the patch below the eye is smaller and darker blue than in adults. In most birds, the throat and chest are also black, but some in the southern part of the range have various amounts of white there.
The calls are varied, loud, raucous, sometimes parrot-like.
Distribution and habitat
This species occurs in pairs or small groups in woodland, except for humid woodland, and partially open areas on the Pacific Slope of Mexico from southern Sonora south to Jalisco and northwestern Colima, for a total of 160,000 km2. As of 1993 there was some evidence of a population decline.
The species has become established in southern San Diego County (2013), especially in the Tijuana River Valley. The birds are presumably descendants of escapees from nearby Tijuana, Baja California, where the trade in birds is unregulated.
Behavior
The diet is the omnivorous one typical of the crow family.
The nest is also typical of the family: a big cup of sticks lined with softer material. The female lays 3 to 7 whitish eggs with brown and gray spots.
This species interbreeds with the white-throated magpie-jay in Jalisco and Colima, where intermediate birds are common. It has been considered a subspecies of the white-throated magpie-jay, Calocitta formosa colliei.
References
External links
Bird-stamps.org: Stamps of Mexico with species range maps
VIREO.org: "Black-throated magpie-jay"
Photo-High Res--(Close-up); Whozoo.org: Black-throated magpie-jay article + high resolution photo.
black-throated magpie-jay
Endemic birds of Western Mexico
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt
Natural history of the Mexican Plateau
Natural history of Sinaloa
Natural history of Sonora
black-throated magpie-jay
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The OKND () was the successor of the Central Initiative Group in the late Soviet era. Headed by Mustafa Dzhemilev, the group defied long-established norms in the Crimean Tatar civil rights movement; unlike the NDKT, which held that the deportation and marginalization of Crimean Tatars was a revisionist deviation from proper Leninist values, the OKND was hostile towards communism and did not see restoration of the Crimean ASSR as a core component of national rehabilitation. As such, the group elicited support from the West and its members were championed by mainstream Soviet dissident groups. Many members of the modern Qurultay and Mejlis are former members of the OKND.
References
Politics of the Crimean Tatars
Crimean Tatar organizations
Soviet dissidents
Édgar Everaldo Valencia Bobadilla (born 31 March 1971) is a retired Guatemalan football midfielder who spent their career playing for several clubs in Guatemala's top division and was also a member of the Guatemala national team.
Club career
Nicknamed el Negro, Valencia started their professional career at Galcasa, then in 1993 they joined Municipal, and later had a lengthy spell at their eternal rivals Comunicaciones. In January 2008, they joined their brother Pedro at then second division side Deportivo Amatitlán, postponing their retirement.
International career
They made their debut for Guatemala in 1991 and earned a total of 57 caps, scoring 5 goals and representing their country in 13 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and playing in several UNCAF Cup tournaments as well as at the 1998, 2000 and 2003 CONCACAF Gold Cups. Their final international was an August 2003 friendly match against Ecuador.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Guatemalan footballers
Guatemala international footballers
1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2000 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
C.S.D. Municipal players
Comunicaciones F.C. players
C.D. Suchitepéquez players
Antigua GFC players
Association football midfielders
C.S.D. Galcasa players
is a type of Japanese pottery traditionally from Shimane Prefecture.
External links
http://www.pref.shimane.lg.jp/industry/syoko/sangyo/dentou_kougei/kougei/kougei_03.html
Culture in Shimane Prefecture
Japanese pottery
Countess of Leicester is a title given to the wife of the Earl of Leicester. Women who have held the title include:
Elizabeth of Vermandois, Countess of Leicester (c.1085–1131)
Petronilla de Grandmesnil, Countess of Leicester (c.1145–1212)
Loretta de Braose, Countess of Leicester (c.1185-c.1266)
Alix de Montmorency (died 1221)
Eleanor of England, Countess of Leicester (1215–1275)
Aveline de Forz, Countess of Aumale (1259–1274)
Blanche of Artois (c.1248-1302)
Alice de Lacy, 4th Countess of Lincoln (1281-1348)
Maud Chaworth (1282-1322)
Isabel of Beaumont (c.1320-1361)
Blanche of Lancaster (c.1345-1368)
Constance of Castile, Duchess of Lancaster (1354-1394)
Katherine Swynford (c.1350-1403)
Mary de Bohun (c.1369–1394)
Lettice Knollys (1543-1634)
Barbara Sidney, Countess of Leicester (1563-1621)
Dorothy Sidney, Countess of Leicester (c.1598-1659)
Margaret Coke, Countess of Leicester (1700-1775)
Alice Coke, Countess of Leicester (1855-1936)
The grey-capped social weaver (Pseudonigrita arnaudi) is a sparrow-like liver-colored bird, with a pale grey crown, a dark grey bill, a whitish eye-ring, horn-colored legs, with some black in the wing and a light terminal band in the tail, that builds roofed nests made of straws, breeds in colonies in thorny Acacia trees, and feeds in groups gathering grass seeds and insects. Male and female have near identical plumage. DNA-analysis confirms it is part of the weaver family. It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Taxonomy
The French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte described the grey-capped social weaver as Nigrita arnaudi in 1850. They chose the specific epithet to honor Joseph Pons d'Arnaud, the French explorer who had collected a specimen around 1841 near Juba on the White Nile, and sent it to the French Museum of Natural History. In 1903, the German zoologist Anton Reichenow assigned the species to their newly erected genus Pseudonigrita, because they considered P. arnaudi and P. cabanisi related to weaverbirds (Ploceidae), while the other species Nigrita bicolor, N. canicapillus, N. fusconota and N. luteifrons are negrofinches assigned to the estrildid finches.
Ludwig Reichenbach called it Arnauds nigrita in 1863. The "grey-capped social weaver" is the name used by the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). Other common names include grey-headed social weaver and Masai grey-headed social weaver.
Phylogeny
Based on a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2017 (which did not include P. cabanisi), the genus Pseudonigrita belongs to the group of sparrow weavers (subfamily Plocepasserinae), and is most closely related to Philetairus socius. This clade is sister to Plocepasser. Provided that the sister relationship between the Pseudonigrita-species is correct, the following tree expresses current insights.
Subspecies and distribution
Three subspecies of the grey-capped social weaver are recognised. The southerly subspecies dorsalis can be distinguished by its bluish grey instead of livery brown back.
P. arnaudi arnaudi can be found from eastern South-Sudan and neighboring northern Uganda, around Mount Elgon, the central highlands of Kenya southwards to a strip in Tanzania between Speke Gulf (a continuation of Lake Victoria at it southeastern corner) and Mount Kilimandjaro, and a few isolated populations in the very south-west corner of Sudan (South Darfur), around Mega in southernmost Ethiopia and around Xagar in southern Somalia.
P. arnaudi dorsalis occurs in Tanzania, in a zone between the south shore of Lake Victoria to north of Lake Malawi, and an isolated population just south of Dar es Salaam.
Description
The grey-capped social weaver is small for a weaver with long, and it weighs . It is a sparrow-like liver-colored bird, with a pale grey crown, a dark grey bill, a whitish eye-ring, horn-colored legs, with some black in the wing and a light terminal band in the for a weaver relatively short tail. The tail band is visible during flight. The cap of the adult male is almost white, that of females more light grey. Adolescents have a duller plumage, a brown bill, and the cap is light liver-colored.
The birds make long series of seven to ten high-pitched piercing squeaks, sounding like ....
Behaviour
The grey-capped social weaver is monogamous and breeds in colonies. Its behavior closely resembles that of the sociable weaver Philetairus socius.
In studies conducted in Kenya, some individuals were observed to rest in their nests year round, even outside the breeding periods, with two to five together. The immediate surroundings of the nests were generally not defended against birds from other families that nested or slept in the same Acacia tree housing the colony. However, birds from other trees were usually attacked when landing in the colony tree. The order in which birds are allowed to feed was according to dominance, although members from other families from the same colony where better tolerated than birds from other colonies. Aggression was rare or absent between members of the same group.
Feeding
The grey-capped social weaver feeds on both grass seeds and insects, such as grasshoppers, beetles, termites and caterpillars. Feeding mostly takes place in groups at some distance from the colony.
Breeding
Grey-capped social weavers breed colonially. The nests are not only used for breeding but also for fully grown birds to sleep in at night. Breeding takes place throughout the year, but there is a peak that enables the birds to make use of periods that food is plenty, such as between August and December in South Sudan and between March and May in eastern Africa. Nests are built hanging from thin branches, often in Vachellia drepanolobium, and sometimes in other acacia species such as the umbrella thorn acacia (V. tortilis), blackthorn (Senegalia mellifera) or gum acacia (S. senegal). The roofed nests have thick walls and are constructed from grass straws, which, in the dry climate keep well for many months. Nest are often constructed with two or three side-to-side or under old nests. One of the two entrances is closed just before the eggs are laid and opened again around the moment of fledging. The clutch consists of four eggs. They are approximately in length and in diameter, greenish, bluish or white, unadorned or with fine black or olive colored specks, more dense at thick end, or so heavily blotched that the overall color seems olive-brown or ash-grey. Both parents incubate the eggs but the female spends about twice as much time incubating as the male. The eggs hatch after thirteen or fourteen days. The nestlings are initially fed on a diet consisting exclusively of insects, and grass seeds are only given during the last days. Fledging occurs after about twenty days. Adult and adolescent birds from previous broods often help in nest building and feeding the chicks.
Roofed nests, with two downward-facing nest entrances, colony nesting, and choosing a thorny nesting tree, are all considered adaptations that help limit predation. Aggregated nests, thick walls and communal sleeping are considered adaptations against the cold nights in the arid distribution area of P. arnaudi.
Chestnut sparrows (Passer eminibey) sometimes drive grey-capped social weavers from their nests to take them over. Cut-throat finches (Amadina fasciata) however only use deserted nests.
Aviculture
The grey-capped social weaver is sometimes kept and bred in captivity by hobbyists. Due to its social structure, P. arnaudi only starts breeding when in larger established groups (at least about ten pairs). It needs large and high cages, and thin branches to attach the nest and much suitable nesting material (grass straws) needs to be available. A specialised website suggests a ground cover of sand beneath the nesting branches, and grass elsewhere, inter-planted with a few very resistant shrubs. Adults fare well on a diet of 95% seeds and 5% insects, but during the breeding season about 20% of the food should consist of living insects, such as mealworms and small crickets. Fine stone grit and calcium sources, such as shell grit and cuttlebone, need to be provided. Due to its large demand in nesting material, excessive theft may occur if other Plocepasserinae-species are kept in the same confinement. This website also suggests composing a group at one instance and not to introduce other birds later, particularly during breeding.
References
grey-capped social weaver
grey-capped social weaver
grey-capped social weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Beekeeping in Australia is a commercial industry with around 25,000 registered beekeepers owning over 670,000 hives by 2019. Most are to be found in the eastern states of Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania and in the south-west corner of Western Australia.
Beekeepers or apiarists, and their bees, produce honey, beeswax, package bees, queen bee pollen and royal jelly. They also provide pollination services for fruit trees and a variety of ground crops. These pollination services to agriculture are valued at between 8 and 19 billion Australian dollars a year. The approximately 30,000 tons of honey produced each year is worth around Aus$90 million.
Australia is the fourth largest honey exporting nation after China, Argentina and Mexico. The high quality and unique flavours of Australian honey allows exporters to charge a premium price.
There are also beekeeping hobbyists in Australia who produce honey for home consumption or to be made into products, such as mead. A few are involved in domesticating native bees.
Each of the states and the territories have the responsibility to guide and police the beekeeping industry (including amateur beekeepers) within their own borders. However, the Federal Government has overall jurisdiction over biosecurity and it uses this power to enforce by law some beekeeping "requirements"; see the Biosecurity Code of Practice.
Pre-1788
Prior to European settlement Australian aboriginals consumed ”sugarbag”, honey from native bees. There are 1,600 described species of native bees in Australia. Some fifteen of these are social species while the others are solitary bees that live alone. Most Australian native bees are either stingless or their stings are not generally dangerous to humans. However, native bees generally don't produce a large amount of honey.
Introduction of European bees
The first imported honey bees to be successfully acclimatized in Australia were brought in seven hives aboard the convict transport ship Isabella that reached Sydney in March 1822. The first honey bees brought to Tasmania came with surgeon-superintendent Dr T.B. Wilson RN on the convict transport John that reached Hobart on 28 January 1831
Later, other species were introduced from Italy, Yugoslavia, and North America. The milder climate in Australia means less honey has to be left in the hive to feed the bees through winter compared to Europe and North America.
Bee-farming develops
19th-century
Australian farmers wishing to diversify and develop additional sources of income in the nineteenth century sometimes turned to bee-keeping as a side-line. A row of gin cases on a rural property was a sign that bee-farming was in progress as they were frequently reused as bee hives. Bee-keeping remained largely a part-time activity for farmers and people living on the outskirts of towns and cities till dedicated full-time beekeepers began to emerge.
The export of honey may have started in 1845 when an experimental shipment of honey and honeycomb was shipped from New South Wales to Britain in wooden casks.
In 1895, 204,435 lb of honey was exported from Victoria alone. Some 90% of that went to the United Kingdom.
The British author Anthony Trollope (1815-1882) visited Australia in 1871 and commented on the popularity of honey as a favourite food.
The Langstroth hive was in use by 1872. It led to greater honey production and less disease in hives. The smoker developed by Moses Quinby to pacify bees was known by at least 1895.
The South Australian Beekeepers Society was established in 1884 and a beekeeper's association was active in Victoria in the same year. The Queensland Beekeeper's Association was meeting by 1886. The Victorian Apiarists Association started in 1900.
20th-century
In February 1903, Victorian bee-farmer Thomas Bolton (1863-1928) questioned the wisdom of clearing the forest in the Dunkeld area of the Western District. They said the blossom from the trees was annually converted by bees into honey worth £150 per square mile of forest. The land was being cleared to create grazing pastures for sheep which they claimed annually returned just £80 per square mile. Bolton sent a test shipment of honey to China early in the 20th century. They reported, “The ships company thought so highly of their honey that empty cases were they only part of the consignment left when the ship reached port.”
In 1921-22, Australia produced 7,370,790 pounds weight of honey. Honey exports that year were worth £84,417. Beeswax was also exported.
Drawbacks to beekeeping in Australia include bushfires, frequent droughts and the tendency for beeswax to melt in very hot conditions. The distance from export markets is another issue. So too is the use of pesticides in agriculture.
The production of honey and bees-wax fluctuates greatly and is determined by the flow of nectar from flora, particularly from the eucalypts, which varies from year to year. Production in 1948-49 was 53,200,000 lb (24,152,800 kg), a record high. The average returns from productive hives in 1958-59 was 103 lb (46.8 kg) of honey per hive and the average quantity of wax was 1.3 lb (0.59 kg) per productive hive. Australia had 451,000 hives in 1958-59 of which 315,000 were regarded as productive. Total production during that period from all hives was 32,487,000 lb (15,723,700 kg) with a gross value of £1,803,000. The amount of bees waxes produced in 1958-59 was 417,000 lb (189,300 kg) worth £105,000.
Victoria has long been one of the main honey producing states. In 1971, there were 1,278 registered beekeepers in the state with 103,454 hives that produced 9,804,000 lb of honey worth $984,000, plus 120,000 lb of beeswax valued at $68,000.
21st-century
About 70% of Australian honey comes from nectar from native plants. Demand for pollination services for almonds and other crops is growing. Bee-brokers co-ordinate bee-keepers to provide pollination services for such crops.
The species most commonly used for beekeeping in Australia is Western honey bees (Apis mellifera). Most commercial beekeepers have between 400 and 800 hives, but some large operators have up to 10,000.
The Australian Manuka Honey Association (AMHA), has established a set of standards for authentic Australian Manuka honey. Honey that carries the AMHA's Mark of Authenticity must be pure, natural Manuka honey, produced entirely in Australia, and be tested by an independent, approved laboratory to ensure it meets minimum standards of naturally occurring methylglyoxal (MGO), dihydroxyacetone (DHA), and leptosperin.
Australia produces 25,000 to 30,000 tonnes of honey annually. Some is monofloral honey from a single flowering species while other honey is produced from multiple types of flowering plants. Popular types of honey include Leatherwood, Blue Gum, Yellow Box and Karri, each named after the trees that produce the pollen and nectar gathered by the bees. The purity, taste and variety of Australian honey makes it popular in Asia and elsewhere.
The locally invented flow hive for hobbyist and small scale beekeepers was launched in 2015.
The stingless native bee species Tetragonula carbonaria, Tetragonula hockingsi and Austroplebeia have been domesticated on a small scale for their honey.
Bushfires in the summer of 2019-20 caused massive losses of commercial honey bees, feral bees, native bees and other nectar-loving insects. Together they normally contribute about $14 billion to the Australian economy via the pollination of agricultural and broad-acre crops. Canola and almonds are particularly dependant on honey bees. The fires also devastated some of the best nectar producing forests where bees forage. The reduced honey bee population is expected to take between three and twenty years to recover.
The Australian honeybee industry biosecurity code of practice requires beekeepers to inspect their hives at least twice a year and to keep accurate records. Hives must be inspected for the presence of pests and diseases and for hive strength, the inspection to include at least three full-depth brood frames in each hive.
Diseases and parasites
Foul brood
In New South Wales in 1889 The Sydney Mail and New South Wales Advertiser uses a leaflet from the Beekeepers' Association of South Australia to outline how to recognise American foul brood (caused by Bacillus alvei) in a hive and how to treat it.
In South Australia, by 1891 an article in the South Australian Chronicle indicates that there was already an act in that state to attempt to control the spread of American foul brood.
Small hive beetle
The small hive beetle was detected in Australia by 2003.
Varroa Mite
The Varroa destructor mite is a parasite that has caused significant deaths of colonies throughout the world, forcing beekeepers to treat their hives to keep the mites and their associated virus in check. In 2022 varroa was detected near the port of Newcastle, authorities are attempting to contain and eradicate the mite.
Noted beekeepers
Minard Crommelin
Robert Ellery
Alex Griffiths
Ernest Hannaford
George Hannaford
Harold Lindsay
Tarlton Rayment
Thomas Wilson
See also
Beekeeping
Beekeeping in New Zealand
Centre for Integrative Bee Research
Eucalyptus honey
Honey
Beeswax
Mead
References
Other published sources
Bolton, Professor H.C., "Thomas Bolton: A pioneer bee-keeper in Victoria," The Victorian Historical Journal, Vol 47 (4) November 1976, 295-305
Beekeeping in Victoria (1981), Melbourne, Victorian Department of Agriculture, 139p
Honey flora of Victoria (1973), Melbourne, Victorian Department of Agriculture, 148p
Klumpp, John, (2007), Australian stingless bees: A guide to Sugarbag Beekeeping, Earthing Enterprises.
Owen, Robert (2015), The Australian beekeeping manual, Exisle Publishing, Wollombi (NSW).
External links
Beekeeper Digitised newspapers & Government Gazettes, Trove: National Library of Australia.
Australian Beekeeping Guide (2014) Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation Publication No. 14/098
Biosecurity Manual for Beekeepers Version 1.1 (2016) (Plant Health Australia and Australian Honey Bee Industry Council)
Australian Honey Bee Industry Biosecurity Code of Practice (2014) Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation.
Government web sites
New South Wales Department of Primary Industries
Northern Territory Department of Agriculture
Queensland Department of Agriculture and Fisheries
South Australian Department of Primary Industries and Regions
Department of Natural Resources and Environment Tasmania
Agriculture Victoria, Honey Bees
Western Australian Department of Primary Industries and Regional Development
History of agriculture in Australia
The 2012 Donegal county football team season was the franchise's 108th season since the County Board's foundation in 1905. The team ended the season as All-Ireland champions after winning Sam Maguire MMXII.
Jim McGuinness returned for their second season as the team's manager. Pioneer of the game's revolutionary tactic The System, they entered the season having won the 2011 Ulster Senior Football Championship in their first season at the helm. Consecutive Ulster titles were a possibility, a first in team history, and the 2012 Ulster Senior Football Championship duly followed. McGuinness then became only the second manager, after Brian McEniff at the helm of the fabled Sam MCMXCII side, to lead Donegal to the All-Ireland title.
Panel
Competitions
Dr McKenna Cup
Conor McManus from Cork was part of the panel after transferring to Cill Chartha due to work commitments and being called into McGuinness's panel. They made their Donegal debut against UUJ at O'Donnell Park on 8 January, playing in midfield beside Neil Gallagher. They were half-time substitute against Cavan at Breffni Park on 15 January. Their third and final appearance for the county came as a corner-forward against Derry at MacCumhaill Park on 18 January. McManus did not participate in Donegal's league campaign as by as their work brought them to Limerick, allowing them to return to their native club Clonakilty.
League
Ulster Senior Football Championship
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship
Post-season
Played under floodlights at Casement Park in Belfast on Saturday 3 November 2012, this game was held in memory of Michaela McAreavey. Donegal, in their first outing as All-Ireland champions, played a team comprising players from the rest of Ulster in an event intended to raise funds for The Michaela Foundation.
Kit
Management team
Manager: Jim McGuinness
Selectors: Rory Gallagher, Maxi Curran
Goalkeeping coach: Pat Shovelin
Strength and conditioning coach: Adam Speer
Surgical consultant: Kevin Moran
Team doctor: Charlie McManus
Team physio: Dermot Simpson
Physiotherapists: Charlie Molloy, Paul Coyle, Donal Reid, JD.
Awards
All Stars
Donegal achieved eight All Stars, a record for a single season in team history. Karl Lacey was named All Stars Footballer of the Year.
County breakdown
Donegal = 8
Mayo = 4
Cork = 2
Dublin = 1
The Sunday Game Team of the Year
The Sunday Game selected Paul Durcan, Neil McGee, Frank McGlynn, Karl Lacey, Mark McHugh, Neil Gallagher, Colm McFadden and Michael Murphy on its Team of the Year.
Donegal News Sports Personality of the Month
Frank McGlynn: June
Neil Gallagher: August
Michael Murphy: September
See also
"Jimmy's Winning Matches", a song
Jimmy's Winnin' Matches, a documentary
References
Donegal county football team seasons
Job 5 is the fifth chapter of the Book of Job in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. The book is anonymous; most scholars believe it was written around 6th century BCE. This chapter records the speech of Eliphaz the Temanite (one of Job's friends), which belongs to the Dialogue section of the book, comprising Job 3:1–31:40.
Text
The original text is written in Hebrew language. This chapter is divided into 27 verses.
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text, which includes the Aleppo Codex (10th century), and Codex Leningradensis (1008).
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint, made in the last few centuries BC; some extant ancient manuscripts of this version include Codex Vaticanus (B; B; 4th century), Codex Sinaiticus (S; BHK: S; 4th century), and Codex Alexandrinus (A; A; 5th century).
Analysis
The structure of the book is as follows:
The Prologue (chapters 1–2)
The Dialogue (chapters 3–31)
The Verdicts (32:1–42:6)
The Epilogue (42:7–17)
Within the structure, chapter 5 is grouped into the Dialogue section with the following outline:
Job's Self-Curse and Self-Lament (3:1–26)
Round One (4:1–14:22)
Eliphaz (4:1–5:27)
Introduction (4:1-6)
A Summary Outline of Retribution (4:7-11)
Eliphaz's Vision and Its Implications (4:12-21)
The Experience of the Fool (5:1-7)
Commit your Cause to God, Who Is Active (5:8-16)
God Will Reward the Righteous (5:17-27)
Job (6:1–7:21)
Bildad (8:1–22)
Job (9:1–10:22)
Zophar (11:1–20)
Job (12:1–14:22)
Round Two (15:1–21:34)
Round Three (22:1–27:23)
Interlude – A Poem on Wisdom (28:1–28)
Job's Summing Up (29:1–31:40)
The Dialogue section is composed in the format of poetry with distinctive syntax and grammar. The first speech of Eliphaz in chapters 4 and 5 can be broken down into three main sections:
Job 4:1-11: Eliphaz wonders that Job should fall into such despair, despite having comforted so many people in trouble, and having been so pious, so Eliphaz accuses Job of forgetting the great truth that the righteous never perish under affliction—calamity only destroys the wicked.
Job 4:12-5:7: Eliphaz tries to warn Job about complaining against God because only the ungodly resent the dealings of God and by their impatience bring down their wrath upon them.
Job 5:8-27: Eliphaz appeals to Job to follow a different course, to seek after God, for God only smites to heal or to correct, to draw people to themselves and away from evil.<ref>Fullerton, K. “Double Entendre in the First Speech of Eliphaz,” JBL 49 (1930): 320-74; J. C. L. Gibson, “Eliphaz the Temanite: A Portrait of a Hebrew Philosopher,” SJT 28 (1975): 259-72; and J. Lust, “A Stormy Vision: Some Remarks on Job 4:12-16,” Bijdr 36 (1975): 308-11. Apud' Note [a] on Job 4:1 in NET Bible</ref>
Eliphaz: The experience of the fool (5:1–7)
In this section Eliphaz responds directly to Job regarding Job's request for someone to answer him. Eliphaz compared Job's current experiences with those of persons who would be the opposite of the 'wise' (implying that Job is a fool), as these calamities are generally regarded as the fate of the wicked, according to the classical retribution theology.
Eliphaz appeals to the obvious insights encapsulated in proverbial sayings (4:8, 'those who plough iniquity and sow trouble reap the same'; 5:2, 'Surely vexation kills the fool, and jealousy slays the simple').
Verse 1
[Eliphaz said:] "Call out now;Is there anyone who will answer you?And to which of the holy ones will you turn?""Holy ones": is rendered in Greek Septuagint as “holy angels” (cf. Job 1:6; 2:1; 4:18).
Job later responds that they desire for 'such a mediator to present their case before God' (Job 9:33; 16:19–21).
Eliphaz suggests committing one's cause to God who will reward the righteous (5:8–27)
This section can be divided into parts comprising verses 8–16, verses 17–26 and verse 27 as the conclusion of Eliphaz's first speech. Verse 8 starts a new topic with a 'strong adversative' "As for me" (or "But I") to commend a solution that Job "put their matter" (or "commit their cause") to God. Ironically, in the whole book, only Job who does talk to God, whereas all others restrict to 'pontificating about God'. The last statement for this first part (verse 16) emphasizes again the negative aspect of the retributive justice with 'a declaration that injustice has shut its mouth'. The next part (verses 17–26) deals with God acting in 'reproving' and 'disciplining', emphasizing the positive aspect of the doctrine of retribution, that the righteous will be rewarded. Eliphaz suggests that 'Job's only task was to apply the traditional teachings to himself, not to persist in their protest' (verse 27); it is the climax to Eliphaz's first speech.
Verse 17
[Eliphaz said:] “Behold, blessed is the one whom God reproves;
therefore despise not the discipline of the Almighty.
"Blessed is the one": a standard wisdom phrase that is used, among others, in Psalm 1:1.
"Almighty": translated from the word "Shaddai"; this is the first of 31 occurrences in the Book of Job.
Despite their vision in Job 4:17, Eliphaz presents a faulty opinion in 5:17 about the disciplinary view of suffering (which will later be corrected by Elihu), because Job's suffering is not due to God's discipline.
See also
Related Bible parts: Job 3, Job 42, Psalm 1
References
Sources
External links
Jewish translations:
Iyov - Job - Chapter 5 (Judaica Press) translation [with Rashi's commentary] at Chabad.org
Christian translations:
Online Bible at GospelHall.org (ESV, KJV, Darby, American Standard Version, Bible in Basic English)
Book of Job Chapter 5. Various versions
Various versions
05
Château Cos d'Estournel is a winery in the Saint-Estèphe appellation of the Bordeaux region of France. It is also the name of the red wine produced by this property. The wine produced here was classified as one of fifteen Deuxièmes Crus (Second Growths) in the original Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855.
Château Cos d'Estournel produces the eponymous grand vin, the second wine since the 1994 vintage, Les Pagodes de Cos from the estate's younger vines, as well as Château Marbuzet from fruit of nearby plots. The property is adjacent to Château Lafite-Rothschild in the neighboring commune of Pauillac.
History
The name Cos (with the S pronounced) refers to a "hill of pebbles" in Gascon dialect and the name Cos d'Estournel was given in 1810 by Louis-Gaspard d'Estournel.
The estate has changed hands several times during its history, starting in 1852 when it was purchased by the English banker Charles Cecil Martyns. In 1869, it was sold to the Spanish Errazu family only to be sold again 20 years later in 1889 to the Bordeaux-based Hostein family. Through their marriage to Marie-Thérèse Hostein, Louis-Victor Charmolue, who also owned Château Montrose, gained control of Cos d'Estournel in 1894. In 1917, it was sold to Fernand Ginestet.
The château has remained in the Ginestet family since then, becoming in 1970 part of Domaines Prats, the combined holdings of the Ginestet and Prats families, and controlled by Bruno Prats.
In June 2008 it was announced that Michel Reybier, current owner of Cos d'Estournel, purchased Napa winery Chateau Montelena for an undisclosed sum. By November 2008, however, this agreement was cancelled, the termination of the transaction by Chateau Montelena stated to be due to that Reybier Investments had been "unable to meet its obligations".
Production
From a 100 hectare estate, the vineyard area extends , divided into 30 parcels, primarily composed of the grape varieties of 60% Cabernet Sauvignon and 40% Merlot, with minor cultivation of Cabernet Franc and Petit verdot that appears to participate little in the modern production. The annual production is typically 32,000 cases.
Cos wines tend to have a higher blend of Merlot than other classified Left Bank wines.
Gallery
References
External links
Château Cos d'Estournel official site
Château Cos d'Estournel - Secret World
The Chartreuse at Cos d'Estournel
Bordeaux wine producers
CHRA may refer to:
Canadian Human Rights Act
Canadian Holocaust Remembrance Association, founded by Sabina Citron
Canadian Housing and Renewal Association
Center hub rotating assembly, a turbocharger component
United States Army Civilian Human Resources Agency, an Army service component commands
Roman Popadiuk () (born May 30, 1950) is an American diplomat of Ukrainian descent. Popadiuk served as the first United States Ambassador to Ukraine under George H. W. Bush, from 1992 to 1993. From 2015 until 2017 they were a principal at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP's subsidiary Morgan Lewis Consulting, and prior to 2015 they were the principal at Bingham Consulting. Since late 2018 Popadiuk has been the president of the Diplomacy Center Foundation which oversees the development of the National Museum of American Diplomacy.
Background
Roman Popadiuk was born on May 30, 1950 in a DP camp in Austria to Ukrainian parents brought to Germany as forced laborers. They received a B.A. from Hunter College in 1973, and a PhD from CUNY Graduate from Center in 1981. They were an adjunct lecturer in Political Science at Brooklyn College in New York City.
They joined the United States Foreign Service in 1981. From 1982 to 1984, they worked as a diplomat in Mexico City. From 1984 to 1986, they worked in the Department of State and in the National Security Council.
From 1986 to 1989, they served as Assistant Press Secretary, then Special Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary for Foreign Affairs and Deputy Assistant under Ronald Reagan. They served as Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Press Secretary for Foreign Affairs under George H. W. Bush, from 1989 to 1992.
They served as the first United States Ambassador to Ukraine under George H.W. Bush from 1992 to 1993. From 1993 to 1995, they taught at the Foreign Service Institute. From 1995 to 1998, they served as the International Affairs Adviser on the staff of the Office of the Commandant at the Industrial College of the Armed Forces at Fort McNair in Washington, D.C. For 13 years from 1999–2012, they served as the Executive Director of the George Bush Presidential Library Foundation at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.
From 2012 until 2015 they were the principal at Bingham Consulting, and from 2015 until 2017 they were a principal at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP's subsidiary Morgan Lewis Consulting,
In 2012 Popadiuk became a member of the U.S.-Ukraine Energy Task Force of the Ukraine 2020 Policy Dialogue, a forum co-sponsored by the U.S. Embassy in Ukraine and the U.S.-Ukraine Foundation in Washington, D.C., aimed at strengthening U.S.-Ukraine relations and Ukraine's integration into Europe.
On 24 October 2018 Roman Popadiuk replaced Thomas E. McNamara as the President of the Diplomacy Center Foundation (DCF), formerly the Foreign Affairs Museum Council, the private partner in a public private partnership with the United States Department of State to design, build and complete a museum on American diplomacy, National Museum of American Diplomacy (formerly United States Diplomacy Center). They have served on the DCF Board for five years prior to taking over the role of the President in 2018.
Awards and Affiliations
They have received a number of awards, including the United States Department of State Meritorious and Superior Honor Awards. Other awards include the Annual Achievement Award from the Ukrainian Institute of America, the Shevchenko Freedom Award presented by the Ukrainian Congress Committee of America, and the Hunter College Hall of Fame.
Popadiuk is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and sits on the Board of Advisers of the Scowcroft Institute of International Affairs at The Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University. they are on the Board of Advisers of the Confucius Institute at Texas A&M University and the Washington, D.C.-based U.S.-Ukraine Business Council.
Personal life
 They are married to Judith Ann Fedkiw, and they have four children, Gregory, Matthew, Catherine and Mary.
Bibliography
Popadiuk has published two books and numerous articles in, among others, The Ukrainian Quarterly, The Foreign Service Journal, Mediterranean Quarterly, and Presidential Studies Quarterly.
American-Ukrainian Nuclear Relations (monograph, 1996)
The President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board: Learning Lessons from Its Past to Shape Its Future (monograph, 2008, co-author)
The Leadership of George Bush: An Insider's View of the 41st President (2009)
Privileged and Confidential: The Secret History of the President's Intelligence Advisory Board (2012, co-author)
See also
Embassy of the United States, Kyiv
References
Living people
1950 births
Hunter College alumni
Graduate from Center, CUNY alumni
Brooklyn College faculty
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy faculty
Ambassadors of the United States to Ukraine
Reagan administration personnel
George H. W. Bush administration personnel
Texas A&M University faculty
United States Foreign Service personnel
American people of Ukrainian descent
20th-century American diplomats
Russell John Rickford (born c. 1975) is an American scholar and author. An associate professor in the History Department at Cornell University, they have written the only in-depth biography on Betty Shabazz. Rickford is an expert on the black radical tradition and on black liberal culture after World War II, and lectures on American social and political history, among other subjects.
Early life
Born in Guyana, Rickford grew up in Palo Alto, California. Their mother, Angela E. Rickford, is a professor of Special Education at San Jose State University and the author of I Can Fly: Teaching Narratives and Reading Comprehension to African Americans and other Ethnic Minority Students. Their father, John R. Rickford, an authority on African-American Vernacular English and the author of numerous books and scholarly articles, teaches linguistics at Stanford University. Russell Rickford attended Gunn High School in Palo Alto and won a National Merit Scholarship.
They went on to study journalism at Howard University, where they also served as Alpha Phi Alpha president for two years and wrote for The Hilltop. Rickford earned their bachelor's degree magna cum laude in 1997.
Career
Rickford started out as a reporter for The Philadelphia Inquirer and went on to work for a public-relations firm in Philadelphia. In 1998, they began doing research for their biography on Betty Shabazz.
In 2000, Rickford and their father co-wrote Spoken Soul: The Story of Black English, a book about African-American Vernacular English which won the American Book Award. The term "Spoken Soul" was coined by author Claude Brown in the 1960s and pays homage to the rhythmic, poetic qualities of African-American English.
In 2001, Rickford left their job in Philadelphia and moved into their parents' garage to write the first, and to date only, in-depth biography of Betty Shabazz. An effort that spanned five and a half years, Betty Shabazz: A Remarkable Story of Survival and Faith Before and After Malcolm X was published in 2003. Writing in The Crisis, William Jelani Cobb called Rickford's work "a thorough, insightful and engaging book, befitting its enigmatic—and ultimately heroic—subject".
In 2002, Rickford enrolled at Columbia University, studying for a master's degree in African-American studies under Manning Marable. Between 2003 and 2004, they contributed research to Marable's Malcolm X Project and, according to Marable, "was instrumental in setting up many oral histories and interviews" with Malcolm X's contemporaries. Marable credited Rickford with coining the term "Malcolmology" to describe the way in which African Americans rediscovered Malcolm X as a cultural icon after they were embraced by major hip-hop artists of the 1980s and 1990s. Rickford completed their doctorate in history at Columbia in 2009. Their dissertation won that year's Bancroft Dissertation Award. Their research concerns African-American politics after the Civil Rights Movement. In an interview, they said they were trying to answer the question, "Why did black nationalism become increasingly conservative towards the end of the 20th century?"
Rickford joined the Dartmouth faculty in 2009, moving to Cornell in 2014. In early 2011, they edited a collection of writings by Marable entitled Beyond Boundaries. Described by their former mentor as "one of the most talented and insightful" members of a new generation of black intellectuals, In 2016, Rickford completed a history of Pan-Africanist private schools during the Black Power era titled We Are an African People: Independent Education, Black Power, and the Radical Imagination. Presently they teach undergraduate seminars and supervises graduate reading at Cornell.
Personal life
Rickford is married to Adrienne Clay, who was introduced to them by Manning Marable when they were both working as research assistants for Marable's Malcolm X Project.
Works
References
External links
Russell Rickford faculty page, Cornell University
African-American academics
Living people
Columbia University alumni
Cornell University faculty
Guyanese emigrants to the United States
Howard University alumni
Writers from Palo Alto, California
1970s births
American Book Award winners
Gunn High School alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Norfolk Island competed at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea from 4 to 18 July 2015. Norfolk Island listed 13 competitors as of 19 June 2015.
Athletics
Norfolk Island qualified 1 athlete in track and field.
Women
Field events
Golf
Norfolk Island qualified 4 male golfers for the games.
Lawn bowls
Norfolk Island has qualified 6 athletes.
Tess Evans
Ryan Dixon
Matt Bigg
Trev Gow
Gary Bigg
Phil Jones
Shooting
Norfolk Island has qualified 2 athletes.
Men
Doug Creek – 10 m air pistol male, – 25 m pistol mixed.
Kevin Coulter – 10 m air pistol male.
References
2015 in Norfolk Island
Nations at the 2015 Pacific Games
Norfolk Island at the Pacific Games
Sergei Petrovich Olshansky (; born May 28, 1948 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet football player.
Currently, they work as a general director for FC Nika Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1969.
Soviet Cup winner: 1971.
Olympic bronze: 1972.
International career
Olshansky made their debut for USSR on August 6, 1972 in a friendly against Sweden. They played in the qualifiers for 1974 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 1976 and 1978 FIFA World Cup (USSR did not qualify for the final tournaments for any of those).
References
Profile
1948 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Russian footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Spartak Moscow players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Olympic footballers of the Soviet Union
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Soviet football managers
Russian football managers
Olympic medalists in football
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Association football defenders
Lieutenant-General Sir James Moncrieff Grierson, ADC (Gen.) (27 January 1859 – 17 August 1914) was a British soldier.
Life
They were born in 1859 the son of George Moncrieff Grierson and their wife Allison Lyon Walker.
Grierson was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1877.
They served in the Egyptian War including the actions at Kassassin and Tel el Kebir, as Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General with the Indian contingent in 1882. They were Deputy Assistant Adjutant and Quartermaster General for the Sudan expedition and was involved in actions at Suakin, Hasheen and Tamai in 1885. They were Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General for 2nd Brigade during the Hazara expedition in 1888. They were appointed Deputy Assistant Adjutant General, Intelligence, at Army Headquarters in 1890 and then became Brigade Major for the Royal Artillery at Aldershot from 1895 to 1896 when they became Military Attaché in Berlin acquiring what Sir John French later described as "an intimate knowledge of the German army."
They served in China during the Boxer Rebellion in 1900, and later the same year in the Second Boer War in South Africa. Lt-Col Grierson was in charge of army baggage during Roberts' march on Bloemfontein.
After returning from the war they became Assistant Quartermaster General for the 2nd Army Corps and Chief Staff Officer to Sir Evelyn Wood, commanding the corps; and was promoted to the substantive rank of colonel on 28 October 1901. In early 1902 they were ordered for temporary duty in the Remount Department. Later that year they returned to their position in the 2nd Army corps, where they were appointed a Brigadier-General on the Staff and Chief Staff Officer of the corps from 4 September 1902.
Grierson was appointed Director of Military Operations at Army Headquarters in 1904. As DMO, Grierson and their deputy Robertson organised the Strategic War Game of 1905, which persuaded them that British intervention (still expected to be deployed to Antwerp at this stage) was necessary to avoid French defeat in the event of a Franco-German war. Grierson acted as umpire for the wargame. In January 1906, as the First Moroccan Crisis continued, Grierson was tasked with drawing up detailed plans for deployment of an expeditionary force to Le Havre in the event of war. Grierson and Robertson began talks with the French General Staff and with the French military attaché Colonel Victor Huguet, and that same year Grierson, Robertson and Huguet toured the Charleroi to Namur area. However, little further progress was made until after Wilson became DMO in 1910.
Grierson was then appointed General Officer Commanding, 1st Division at Aldershot Command in 1906 and General Officer Commanding-in-Chief for Eastern Command in 1912.
In the Army Manoeuvres of 1912, they made full use of aircraft reconnaissance to decisively beat Douglas Haig, despite Haig having the odds in their favour.
In the Army Manoeuvres of 1913, Grierson acted as Chief of the General Staff (CGS) for Sir John French. Douglas Haig noted in their diary, "Sir John French's instructions for moving along the front of their enemy (then halted on a fortified position) and subsequently attacking the latter's distant flank, were of such an unpractical nature that their Chief of the General Staff demurred. Some slight modifications in the orders were permitted, but Grierson ceased to be their CGS on mobilization, and was very soon transferred to another appointment in the BEF." Even before leaving the field of the manoeuvres (26 September 1913), French told Wilson that they were not satisfied with Grierson's performance. Murray was appointed chief of staff designate in their place. French themselves described Grierson as a "dear old friend and comrade", ..who astonished French soldiers by their knowledge of the history of their regiments and whose "military acquirements were brilliant and in every respect up to date."
Grierson was very overweight, and used to go red in the face from bending over, due to high blood pressure, and Edmonds later claimed that their staff were issued with penknives to bleed them if necessary. They died of an aneurism of the heart on a train, near Amiens at 7:00 a.m. on 17 August 1914. Their replacement as commander of II Corps was Sir Horace Smith-Dorrien. Grierson spoke French fluently and was a personal friend of Haig, the commander of I Corps, so it is possible that relations over the next few days, both between the two British corps and with the French, might have been better had they lived.
Grierson's body was repatriated, a practice allowed at that time, and is buried in the Glasgow Necropolis in PRIMUS 38 with their sister, father and mother. These were full interments. The grave lies north of the path connecting the south-east corner of the upper plateau with the low-lying southern section.
Recognition
The Sir James Moncrieff Grierson Prize for languages was later established at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
Medals and Orders
British decorations
Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) - 26 June 1902 - Coronation Honours list
Royal Victorian Order, Commander (CVO) - 1904 (Member MVO 1890s)
Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB), 1911 (Companion (CB) 29 November 1900, in recognition of the services during operations in China)
Knight of Grace of The Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem
Egypt Medal, 1882, clasps for "Tel el Kebir" and "Suakin 1885"
India General Service Medal (1854), clasp for "Hazara 1888"
Queen Victoria Diamond Jubilee Medal
Queen's South Africa Medal, clasps for "Cape Colony", "Driefontein", "Johannesburg", and "Diamond Hill"
China War Medal (1900)
King Edward VII Coronation Medal
King George V Coronation Medal
Aide de Camp General to the King
Foreign decorations
5th Class, Order of the Medjidie, Ottoman Empire
Khedive's Star, Khedivate of Egypt - 1882
1st Class, Order of the Crown, Kingdom of Prussia - 1901 - on the termination of their appointment as Military Attaché at Berlin (he had previously received the 2nd class of the same order in late 1899, in connection with a visit of Emperor Wilhelm II to the United Kingdom.)
Albert Order Medal, Kingdom of Saxony - 1911
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown of Siam, Kingdom of Thailand - 1911
King Rama VI's Coronation Medal, Kingdom of Thailand - 1911
Publications by Grierson
Notes on the Turkish Army Simla 1882 (compiled for the Intelligence Branch, India)
A Vocabulary of the Arabic Language Roorkee 1882
The War in Turkomania: Skobeleff's Campaign of 1880-81 Translated from the Russian of Major-General N. I. Grodekov. Simla 1884-85
The Armed Strength of Russia Two editions: London 1886 and 1892 (compiled for the Intelligence Branch, London)
The Armed Strength of Japan London 1886 (compiled for the Intelligence Branch, London)
The Armed Strength of the German Empire Two editions: London 1888 and 1892 (compiled for the Intelligence Branch, London)
Staff Duties in the Field: With Notes by Lieut.-General H. Brackenbury London 1891
Handbook of the Military Forces of Russia London 1894 (compiled for the Intelligence Branch, London)
Umpiring at Field Manoeuvres as practised by various foreign armies (Aldershot Military Society Lectures, No. 51) Aldershot 1894
Die Heere und Flotten der Gegenwart: II: Grossbritannien und Irland The British Army. Berlin 1897
Records of the Scottish Volunteer Force, 1859–1908 Edinburgh and London 1909
Military Papers and Articles, Translations, Reviews contributed to military journals both British and foreign, and to the daily press.
Further reading
The Life of Sir James Moncrieff Grierson by D.S. Macdiarmid (London: Constable, 1923)
Harper
References
External links
Centre for First World War Studies
Liddell Hart Centre for Military Archives
The Army Navy Air Force site has a copyrighted photograph (you will need to scroll down to see it.)
University of Glasgow Manuscripts Catalogue
Glasgow Cathedral Picture Tour
|-
}
|-
|-
|-
1859 births
1914 deaths
British Army lieutenant generals
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of the Anglo-Egyptian War
British Army personnel of the Boxer Rebellion
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
British Army generals of World War I
Knights of Grace of the Order of St John
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Order of the Medjidie, 5th class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Burials at the Glasgow Necropolis
British military attachés
Deaths from aneurysm
For this article, “Company A” and “Battery A” are interchangeable. A battery of four to six cannons, with two to three two-cannon sections was the basic unit of the artillery branch. The organization was commanded by a captain with first and second lieutenants as section chiefs and chief of caissons. A battery organization was roughly company strength, as it related to the infantry branch. As such, the formal designation of an artillery battery by the U.S. Army was “company.”
This article is primarily excerpts from the history of the 2nd Regiment of Artillery by its regimental adjutant, First Lieutenant William Augustus Simpson (USMA Class of 1875), written ca. 1893 and published in Rodenbough, 1896:
"The Second Artillery was, with the First, Third, and Fourth, organized by an Act of Congress dated March 21, 1821. Each regiment was to have one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, one supernumerary captain (for ordnance duty), one adjutant, one sergeant-major, and nine companies. Each company was to have a captain, two first lieutenants, two second lieutenants, and fifty-seven enlisted men. One company was to be designated and equipped as light artillery, but for many years it was such only in name.
The list of organizations (given in the Army Register) from which these regiments were formed is misleading, as some of the organizations mentioned had been out of existence for years. The four regiments were formed from the Corps of Artillery, the Regiment of Light Artillery, and the Ordnance, the Second being taken mainly from the Corps of Artillery. All ordnance duty was to be done by the artillery.
There was a second regiment of artillery during the War of 1812, of which Winfield Scott was lieutenant-colonel and then colonel. After the war it was merged into the Corps of Artillery. The names of battles of that war are borne on the regimental colors to-day, a few of the officers of the new Second had belonged to the old, and some of the companies may have belonged to both regiments, a fact I am unable to establish; but as a whole the Second Artillery of 1812 was a different organization from the Second Artillery of 1821."
Early History of Battery A
In 1821, Company A was formed from the remnants of the second battalion of the Northern Division of the old Artillery Corps. The new company was placed under the command of Captain Alexander Fanning, and was stationed on post at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
The entire regiment was transferred to the South, exchanging stations with the 1st Regiment of Artillery. During the fall of 1833, Company A was sent to Alabama along with Companies B and C, and served under Colonel David E. Twiggs during the removal of the Creek nation of Native Americans out of the state.
In 1836, Company A participated (along with B, C, G, and H) in the Florida Seminole War, being stationed in Tampa. On February 27, the battery was engaged during the fighting at Withlacoochee. General Winfield Scott took command of the U.S. Army forces in the area, and assigned Companies A, B, G, and H to Colonel William Lindsay's column, at Fort Brooke.
Battery A participated in the removal of the Cherokee nation from Alabama and Tennessee in 1838, as it was being reassigned to posting along the Great Lakes, also referred to as the “Niagara frontier”.
Light Artillery Duty
According to Lt. W. A. Simpson:
"In 1839 Secretary of War Poinsett ordered the establishment of a camp of instruction at Trenton, New Jersey; one company of each artillery regiment to be sent there and equipped as a battery of light artillery. A of the 2d was selected and went there under command of Lieut. (afterwards Captain) James Duncan, who made it so famous in the war with Mexico. Three months later it returned to Buffalo as a light battery."
In 1841, Battery A was stationed at Fort Hamilton, Brooklyn, New York.
Mexican War, 1846 – 1848
Light Battery A, under the command of First Lieutenant James Duncan, left New York Harbor in August 1845, arriving in September at Corpus Christi to join General Zachary Taylor's army. Along with C and K, "as a part of the artillery battalion, and A were engaged at Palo Alto (May 8) and Resaca de la Palma (May 9). Duncan by their brilliant advance and attack, without orders, on the Mexican right at Palo Alto, did much towards winning the battle and was specially mentioned by General Taylor."
Later that fall, batteries A, C, G and K formed part of Worth's Division and took an important part in the taking of Battle of Monterrey, September 21–24, 1846. According to Lieuteant W. A. Simpson:
At the end of the war, Battery A was reassigned to duty at Fort McHenry, in Baltimore.
Antebellum Period, 1848 – 1861
Stationed at Fort McHenry with the Regimental Headquarters during much of this period, Battery A and many of the rest of its sister companies were assigned to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, during the uprisings there, between 1857 and 1859.
Civil War, 1861 – 1865
“In the early days of the regiment it served as infantry; occasionally, in the Florida War, serving light field pieces. In the Mexican War the foot batteries served as infantry, and at Vera Cruz and Chapultepec served siege artillery. In the Civil War all the batteries in active service were mounted, and all those serving continuously with the Army of the Potomac became horse batteries.”
Battery A, 2nd U.S. was ordered east from Fort Leavenworth, Kansas to the defenses of Washington, D.C. at the beginning of 1861. It was deployed temporarily to Florida, but soon returned to the Eastern Theater before the First Battle of Bull Run, and was outfitted as a horse artillery battery in September 1861.
Among the most prominent units in the U.S. Horse Artillery Brigade was Battery A, serving under the command of Captain John Caldwell Tidball, of Virginia, who replaced Captain William F. Barry upon their own promotion in May 1861.
Tidball's Battery A was equipped with three sections each of two 3” Ordnance Rifles. The section chiefs were First Lieutenants Alexander Cummings McWhorter Pennington, Jr., of New Jersey, and William Neil Dennison of Ohio, and Second Lieutenant Robert Clarke of Pennsylvania.
Tidball commanded the battery personally early in the war, but eventually rose to brigade command and later volunteer service with the 4th New York Heavy Artillery; from 1863 until the end of the war in 1865, the company was commanded in the field by their subordinate lieutenants.
"The successive Chiefs of Artillery of the Army of the Potomac, William. F. Barry and Henry J. Hunt, had been officers of the 2d until 1861. The first commander of the Horse Artillery Brigade, Wm. Hays, their successor, John M. Robertson (sic), and the first commander of the 2d Horse Artillery Brigade, J. C. Tidball, were all captains of the 2d. When all the horse artillery of the Army of the Potomac was, in 1864, consolidated into one brigade, the command was given to Capt. Robertson. This brigade organization was, however, apparently only for administrative purposes, batteries being detached for duty with divisions or brigades of cavalry, the whole brigade never acting together as a fighting unit under command of its chief.
Battery A was the first to reach Washington, arriving in January, 1861. It formed a part of the expedition for the relief of Fort Pickens in April, but returned in time to take part in the first Bull Run. In September it was made a horse battery, the first in this country. In the spring of 1862 it went to the Peninsula, forming, with B and L (Robertson), and M. (Benson) of the 2d and C (Gibson) of the 3d, the famous Horse Artillery Brigade. At Yorktown during the siege it was in pursuit with Stoneman's cavalry after the evacuation, and was engaged at Williamsburg, New Bridge, and Mechanicsville. It covered the withdrawal of the army from the left bank of the Chickahominy, being engaged at Gaines' Mill. It was engaged at Malvern Hill, July 1, and at Westover, July 3. While at Harrison's Landing a corporal died, and permission to fire the usual salute being refused, it occurred to Capt. Tidball to have "taps" sounded instead; whence the origin of this custom. The battery was with the rear guard on the withdrawal from the Peninsula. In the Maryland campaign it was in the advance with Pleasanton's cavalry, and was engaged at Boonsboro, Antietam, and Shepherdstown. It was with the cavalry in advance during the movement into Virginia, and was engaged at Piedmont, November 3, and Amissville, November 10. The battery was out with Averell's cavalry in April, 1863, and was engaged at Rapidan Station, May 1, and with Pleasanton at Upperville, June 20. It went to Gettysburg with Buford's cavalry, at which battle it fired the first shot, and after that battle was engaged at Williamsport, July 4, Boonsboro, July 8 and 9 July, and Funkstown, July 10. The battery, during September, was in action at Culpeper, Raccoon Ford, and Robinson River. In the campaign of 1864 the battery was engaged at Cold Harbor, Bottom's Bridge, Trevilian Station, and St. Mary's Church. While with the army before Petersburg it was several times detached on expeditions with the cavalry, being engaged at Deep Bottom, July 28, Lee's Mill, July 31, Deep Run, August 16, Vaughn Plank Road, September 29, Boydton Plank Road, October 27, Stoney Creek, December 1, and on the Weldon Railroad, December 7–11. The battery was engaged at Dinwiddie C. H., March 31, Farmville, April 7, and Appomatox, April 9. After Lee's surrender it started for North Carolina with Sheridan, returning when Johnston's surrender was known. The battery was commanded by Captain Tidball until June, 1863; by Lieutenant Calef at Gettysburg; by Lieutenant Clarke until June, 1864; by Lieutenant Dennison until February, 1865*; then, until after the surrender, by Lieutenant Lord."
Postwar period, 1865 – 1898
Battery A returned to Fort McHenry after the war, and was later assigned to West Coast posts in California. Only temporarily assigned to the West during the Plains Indian Wars, in 1869, its primary duties were in the East. It participated in the inauguration of Rutherford B. Hayes, in 1877, helped quell the labor riots of 1877, and participated in the guarding of President James Garfield after their shooting. By 1885, Battery A was reassigned to Little Rock, Arkansas. In 1889, it transferred to Fort Riley, Kansas.
Spanish–American War
During the Spanish–American War (1898) it served in Cuba under Captain George S. Grimes. After the war, the Artillery branch was again reorganized into an Artillery Corps on February 2, 1901. With the reorganization, the nineteenth century regimental system disappeared. Company A was re-designated as the 3rd Battery, Field Artillery.
Commanders
The following is a list of company commanders (holding the rank of captain) during the existence of Battery A, 2nd U.S. (1821 – 1901) before its reorganization into the Field Artillery branch, including notable temporary commanders during the American Civil War:
Captain Alexander C.W. Fanning, 1821 – 1822
Captain Thomas Legate, 1822 – 1837
Captain James Green, 1837 – 1842
Captain Edmund Schriver, 1842 –1847
Captain James Duncan, 1847 – 1849
Captain John Sedgwick, 1849 – 1855
Captain John Caldwell Tidball, 1861 – 1867
Second Lieutenant John Haskell Calef, July 1863 (Battle of Gettysburg)
First Lieutenant Robert Clarke, August 1863 – February 9, 1865
First Lieutenant James Henry Lord, in 1865
Captain Joseph Gales Ramsay, 1867 – 1879
Captain Alexander Cummings McWhorter Pennington, Jr., 1879 – 1882
Captain John Isaac Rodgers, 1882 – 1883
Captain Frank Brown Hamilton, 1883 – 1887
Captain William Preston Graves, 1887 – 1889
Captain Asher Clayton Taylor, 1889
Captain Frank Carter Grugan, 1889 – 1891
Captain George Simeon Grimes, 1891 - 1899
Captain Edwin St. John Greble, 1899
Captain Lotus Niles, 1899 – 1901
See also
Field Artillery Branch (United States)
Notes
Sources
Heitman, Francis B. Historical Register and Dictionary of the United States Army, From its Organization, September 29, 1789 to March 2, 1903. Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1903.
Simpson, Lieutenant W. A. "Second Regiment of Artillery." In Rodenbough, Brevet Brigadier General Theo. F. and Major William L. Haskin, eds. The Army of the United States: Historical Sketches of Staff and Line with Portraits of Generals-in-Chief. New York: Maynard, Merrilee, & Company, 1896.
US War Department. The War of the Rebellion: A Compilation of the Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies. Washington, DC: Government Printing Office, 1894.
External links
A Brief History of the 2nd U.S. Artillery, Battery A
Regular Army Artillery Regiments - Spanish American War
Military units and formations established in 1821
Field artillery units of the United States Army
Companies of the United States Army
1821 establishments in the United States
Artillery units and formations of the American Civil War
United States Regular Army Civil War units and formations
André de Paulo Barreto (born 6 August 1979 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Football career
Barreto's career began in Brazil with lowly Bangu Atlético Clube and Bonsucesso Futebol Clube. In July 2002, they moved to Portuguese Primeira Liga club Boavista F.C. from the former, but spent the 2002–03 season with C.D. Aves in the second division. In the same predicament, they played the following campaign with G.D. Estoril Praia.
In 2005, Barreto was bought by Polish league side Wisła Kraków, but was loaned in January of the following year to another Portuguese team, C.F. Estrela da Amadora. In the following two seasons, they played in the same country and in the same predicament, successively representing C.S. Marítimo, Vitória de Setúbal and C.D. Trofense. With the latter, they started in all the games they appeared in as the northerners promoted to the top flight for the first time in its history.
In 2008–09 Barreto returned to Wisła, but failed to make any appearances for the eventual league champions. Released, they signed with former side Bangu, moving to Associação Atlética Portuguesa (RJ) shortly after, on loan.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Bangu Atlético Clube players
Bonsucesso Futebol Clube players
Associação Atlética Portuguesa (RJ) players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
C.D. Aves players
G.D. Estoril Praia players
Boavista F.C. players
C.F. Estrela da Amadora players
C.S. Marítimo players
Vitória F.C. players
C.D. Trofense players
Ekstraklasa players
Wisła Kraków players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Nirmala is a Hindi fiction novel written by Indian writer Munshi Premchand. The melodramatic novel is centered on Nirmala, a young girl who was forced to marry a widower of their father's age. The plot unfolds to reveal their husband's suspicion of a relationship between them and their eldest son, a suspicion that leads to the son's death.
A poignant novel first published between 1925 and 1926, Nirmala reformist agenda is transparent in its theme which deals with the question of dowry, and consequently mismatched marriages and related issues. The story uses fiction to highlight an era of much-needed social reform in the 1920s Indian society. Nirmala was serialised in Chand, a women's magazine in which the novel's feminist character was represented. Nirmala is somewhat like Godaan (published in 1936) in that it deals with the exploitation of the village poor, and was translated by multiple scholarly translators. It was first translated in 1988 as The Second Wife by David Rubin, and in 1999 as Nirmala by Alok Rai, Premchand's grandson.
Plot
Udayabhanu Lal, a lawyer, arranged to marry off their 15-year-old daughter Nirmala to Bhuvanmohan Sinha, son of Bhalchadra Sinha. Kalyani, Nirmala's mother advises Lal not to spend too much money on Nirmala's marriage as they also have the duty of getting their second daughter, Krishna married. Angered by Kalyani's words, they decide to teach them a lesson by leaving their old dresses along the riverbank and going out to the next village for sometime to make Kalyani believe that they are dead. Lal was later murdered by their rival Mathayi, who was once tried in court by Lal and sentenced to jail. The death of Lal caused the Sinhas to withdraw from the arranged marriage since there was no longer a large dowry as anticipated prior to Lal's death. Kalyani writes a letter to Rangili bai, Bhuvanmohan sinha's mother telling about their pitiful situation. Rangili bai's effort of making their husband and son understand ends up in vain. With the help of Pandit Motaram, Kalyani searches a groom for Nirmala. Financial hardship forced Nirmala's mother, Kalyani, to marry them off to Totaram, a lawyer 20 years their senior. Totaram tried their best to seduce their beautiful young wife but to no avail. They once tell a false story that they killed two thieves who had big swords with them to make them feel that their husband is full of bravery. But Nirmala who knows that it is a false story, still smiles and acts as though they are happy. They had no feelings for them other than respect and a sense of duty, which fell short of the love they expected to receive from theirs wife.
Totaram had three sons from their first marriage. Their eldest son Mansaram was only a year older than Nirmala. It was not long before Totaram grew suspicious of Nirmala due to their widow sister, Rukmini's words and their relationship with their son Mansaram. Jealousy and suspicion caused them to send Mansaram away to live in a hostel, a decision they all soon came to regret. Mansaram's health soon deteriorated in the hostel environment. It was Bhuvanmohan who treated Mansaram at the hospital. When Mansaram was in need of blood it was Nirmala who donated their blood after which Totaram realises their mistake. Bhuvanmohan learned about Nirmala, they arranged for their brother to marry Nirmala's sister, Krishna, as penance. Bhuvanmohan was haunted by their thoughts of Nirmala and their distress. Mansaram eventually died of tuberculosis.
Totaram was heartbroken and guilt ridden over their role in their son's death. Rukmini fuels the fire in Jiyaram and Siyaram that Nirmala was the reason for their brother's death. They believe in Rukmini's false words. It was not long thereafter when their second son, Jiyaram absconded with Nirmala's jewels and fled from Totaram's house. They later committed suicide. Totaram's third son Siyaram also fled, having been lured away by a false saint. Depressed over the loss of their sons, Totaram set off on a mission to find their only living son, Siyaram.
Meanwhile, Bhuvanmohan was back in Nirmala's life as the husband of their friend, Sudha. They tried to seduce Nirmala, but their wife learned of it and criticised them harshly. Bhuvanmohan became emotionally distressed, and out of sorrow and their love for her, they committed suicide. Depressed by the sad turn of events and their own failing health, Nirmala gave their daughter Asha to Rukhmini and died. A much older Totaram returned home to discover Nirmala had died. Rukmini realised them mistake.
Characters
Nirmala the protagonist; a 15-year-old girl, married off to Totaram who is 20 years their senior.
Totaram Nirmala's husband, a lawyer of 35.
Mansaram Totaram's eldest son from their first wife; suspected of having a relationship with Nirmala, and forces them out of the house to live in a hostel where they eventually die.
Jiyaram Totaram's second son from their first wife; they blame their father for the death of their older brother and flees from home after absconding with Nirmala's jewelry. They eventually commit suicide.
Siyaram Totaram's third son from their first wife; they are lured away from their father's house by a false saint.
Asha Totaram and Nirmala's daughter.
Rukhmini Totaram's widowed sister.
Udayabhanu Lal Nirmala's father.
Kalyani Nirmala's mother.
Krishna Nirmala's younger sister.
Bhuvanmohan Sinha former fiance of Nirmala. After the death of Nirmala's father, they learn there will not be a dowry and withdraws from the marriage.
Sudha Bhuvanmohan's wife and the companion of Nirmala.
Bhalchandra Sinha father of Bhuvanmohan Sinha.
Rangili bai Bhalchandra sinha's wife and Bhuvanmohan sinha's mother.
Pandit Motaram a wise priest.
Bhungi maid in Totaram's house.
Background
Set against a background of pre–independent India, Nirmala depicts a realistic and picturesque portrait of the 1920s, the language and milieu of the era. It characterises the evils of the dowry system, and in doing so reflects the author's desire to bring about social reform and raise the status of women in society. The author's words illustrate their country's poor, and paints a picture of rural India consisting largely of a static society, the clashes of castes, its poverty and exploitation, and the rich character of its people. The novel covers a time span of about six years during which time Nirmala transitions from student to wife and thereafter, a mother. It was an era when self-respect and public image were of fundamental importance in the society. Eating meals was observed with an extreme ritualistic importance. In traditional homes, women did not eat with the men, and waited for them to finish before they were permitted to eat. There was also a fear of hospitals [and also of blood transfusion] which explains the hesitation of the character Totaram and their guilt over sending their son to a hospital. The generations that have passed since the novel was first written have seen dramatic changes in "attitude, sensibility and aspiration". Nirmala is a reflection of a time in Indian society when a young girl's "greatest sin was to require a husband who would accept them without a dowry".
Publication
Nirmala was one of Premchand's most popular novels of its time in India, a time of oppression for women in Indian society that drew increasing attention from writers and poets. Prior to being published in its entirety, Nirmala was serialised in the magazine Chand between November 1925 and November 1926. It was during the time when Premchand first embarked on writing fiction based on contemporary social issues. Unlike their other works, Nirmala has a darker tone and ending, and its characters are less idealised. It was translated into English for the first time in 1988.
Legacy
Francesca Orsini called it a prime example of Premchand's combination of social realism and drama. Gulzar believed the novel was a little outstretched, and had a tendency to repeat many emotions, but also had its diversions and contradictions. They further explained that Premchand specialised in subjects that revolved around a young girl under 18 years old who suddenly becomes a woman after marrying a man who is much older.
Many films based on the story's theme were also produced, such as Tehreer Munshi Premchand Ki directed by Gulzar and shown in Doordarshan. Nirmala's role was played by the Marathi actor Amruta Subhash who received many accolades.
Ananya Khare played the lead role in the Doordarshan TV serial Nirmala in 1987.
Notes
References
External links
Nirmala at Hindustan Books
1927 novels
Hindi-language novels
Indian novels adapted into television shows
Novels about Indian women
Novels by Premchand
Novels first published in serial form
Novels set in British India
Novels set in the 1920s
St Andrew's Church is a ruined church in South Huish, South Hams, Devon, England. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches.
Early history
The nave and chancel were built in the 13th century. The west tower, and possibly the north transept, were probably added in the early 15th century. Minor alterations to the south door and insertion of the east window to the chancel occurred in the late 15th or early 16th century, but immediately after this, major work was carried out to the south side of the church. This comprised an integral porch and south aisle, probably built between c.1520 and 1540. This included insertion of a carved and painted oak rood screen dividing the nave from the chancel and the south aisle from the lady chapel. A parclose screen was provided between this and the chancel, while a hagioscope or squint was cut into the north wall of the chancel to enable worshippers in the north transept to view the celebration of mass in the chancel. n 1553, four bells were recorded, at least two of which had probably been there since the 15th century when the tower was built, with the number being made up to four, probably in the early-mid 16th century when the tower was heightened. This number had increased to six by the early 19th century. However, by 1866, the condition of the church had deteriorated, perhaps due to population movement away from South Huish to the nearby village of Galmpton, about half a mile to the south, and the old church was considered to be beyond repair. A new church was built in Galmpton to replace it. The bells and font were moved to the new church and St Andrew's was abandoned. Also removed to Galmpton were the broken remains of two 15th-century alabaster reredoses depicting scenes from the life of Christ. Before this time, the stoup has been removed to Salcombe parish church. The other fittings were sold. The late medieval screen was removed to Bowringsleigh House in West Alvington. The south aisle arcade went to the church at Dodbrooke. The bench ends were acquired by the Earl of Devon and it is thought that they were installed in the chapel at Powderham Castle.
Architecture
The church is built in slate stone. It is now without a roof, but the walls, other than those of the transept, are largely intact. The ruins include a blocked west doorway, above which is a damaged Perpendicular window and a round-headed south porch. The porch dates from the early-mid 16th century and contains stone benches along its sides and a flue on its western face. On the north wall of the nave is the frame of a lancet window; there are two similar window frames in the chancel. The interior of the church has been stripped of almost all of its former features, but in an archaeological survey of 2005, undertaken by Robert Waterhouse BA, MIfA, three image brackets were identified in the porch, nave and lady chapel.
Recent history
In 1976, the ruins were vested in the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches. The charity holds a 999-year lease with effect from 1 January 1976. Soon after vesting, the top of the tower was removed. In 1988, one of the granite windows was reconstructed from fallen stones on the site. Work has been undertaken to slow down the decay of the remaining structure. An annual service continues to be held at the site.
References
13th-century church buildings in England
14th-century church buildings in England
15th-century church buildings in England
Grade II* listed churches in Devon
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
Ruins in Devon
Church ruins in England
Grade II* listed ruins
Saint Andrew
The 2014–15 FA Vase Final was the 41st final of the Football Association's cup competition for teams at levels 9-11 of the English football league system. The match was contested between North Shields, of the Northern League Division 1 (level 9), and Glossop North End, of the North West Counties League Premier Division (level 9). North Shields won the final 2-1 after extra time.
Route to the Final
With a maximum of 9 rounds needed to reach the Final, North Shields played in every round. They played five away ties and three home ties plus the semi-final round, winning each round without need of a replay. Glossop on the other hand only played in seven of the rounds, receiving a bye into the First Round Proper. They were drawn with four away ties and two home ties, although both later rounds required a replay to decide the winner.
This was North Shields' first visit to Wembley since 1969 when they won the FA Amateur Cup final. In comparison, Glossop were visiting the home of football for the second time in six years, having lost the 2009 FA Vase Final to another Northern League team, Whitley Bay.
Build up
After a meeting at Wembley Stadium the week after the semi-finals, where both teams met with The Football Association to decide the choice of dressing rooms, the kit selections and TV rights, tickets for the final were released on sale on 1 April 2015, with Glossop and North Shields expecting to sell thousands of tickets compared with an average home crowds of 340 and 322 respectively.
In the week before the final, Glossop trained at Everton's Finch Farm on the Sunday and at Arsenal's Training Centre on the Friday before the final. Glossop set up a club shop in their town to sell Wembley merchandise.
Match
Details
References
FA Vase Finals
FA Vase Final
FA Vase Final
Events at Wembley Stadium
FA Vase Final
Nowdeh-e Hajji Nabi (, also Romanized as Nowdeh-e Ḩājjī Nabī; also known as Nowdeh and Nowdeh-e Ḩājnabī) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 18 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Prince of Homburg (, Prinz Friedrich von Homburg, or in full Prinz Friedrich von Homburg oder die Schlacht bei Fehrbellin) is a play by Heinrich von Kleist written in 1809–10, but not performed until 1821, after the author's death.
The title relates to the real Prince of Homburg at the Battle of Fehrbellin in 1675, Friedrich von Hessen-Homburg (1633–1708), but beyond the name and place there is little if any resemblance between the Romantic character in the play and the eponymous Friedrich, a successful professional soldier of many years' standing.
The play has been filmed a number of times, and inspired the opera Der Prinz von Homburg by Hans Werner Henze (premiere 1960).
Plot
Action takes place at Fehrbellin and in Berlin, 1675. The Prince of Homburg, a young officer of the Great Elector (Frederick William I, Elector of Brandenburg), is exhausted after a long campaign. Walking in their sleep, they put on a laurel wreath. Several noblemen notice this, and the Great Elector plays a trick on the Prince, which leads them to declare their love for the Elector's niece, Natalie.  They are able to take one of their gloves. After waking from their dream the Prince is puzzled by the glove in their hand. When at the next council of war the plans for the next battle are being discussed, and duties are being handed out, the Prince is thrown into confusion by the appearance of Princess Natalie, who reveals themselves as the owner of the glove, and they are distracted to the extent that they fail to take on board their orders, which are not to engage the enemy without a direct order to do so. Contrary to their instructions they attack the enemy at the Battle of Fehrbellin – and wins.
The Elector however is concerned above all with discipline. Regardless of the victory, they have the Prince arrested for disobeying an order and tried at a court martial, where the Prince is condemned to death. They fail initially to grasp the seriousness of the situation, and starts to be truly concerned only when they hear that the Elector has signed their death warrant. The reality of their situation only hits home when they are shown the grave that has been dug for him. In the famous and controversial "fear of death scene" (Todesfurchtszene) the Prince begs for their life, prepared to give up all that is dear to them in return. When the Elector hears of the Prince's reaction, they too are confused, possibly astonished, but claims to have the greatest respect for the Prince's feeling. Instead of simply pardoning him, however, they set a condition: if the Prince can genuinely call their condemnation unjust, they will be pardoned. The question raises the Prince to a state of enlightenment: they conquer their fear of death and is prepared to "glorify" the sentence by a suicide. It remains debatable whether they really considers their sentence justified. Nor does it ever come to light to what extent the Elector may have planned all this to teach them a lesson.
Meanwhile, Natalie, without a legitimate order, has recalled Kottwitz's regiment to obtain support for Homburg's pardon. In the face of the general pressure now put on him, the Elector now listens to their officers. Kottwitz is of the opinion that what counts on the field of battle is victory, and that there is nothing with which to reproach the Prince. Hohenzollern goes further and attributes the guilt to the Elector, as they caused the Prince's confusion and consequent insubordination by the trick they played on him, and therefore bears the responsibility himself. Finally the Elector asks the officers if they are happy to continue to trust themselves to the Prince's leadership – to which all say yes.
The Prince learns nothing of their pardon, but is led blindfolded into the open air, in the belief that they are about to be executed. But there is no bullet: instead, the niece of the Elector crowns them with a laurel wreath. To their question whether this is a dream, Kottwitz replies, "A dream, what else" ("Ein Traum, was sonst"). The Prince faints.
Characters
Friedrich Wilhelm, Kurfürst von Brandenburg
The Kurfürstin
Prinzessin Natalie von Oranien, their niece
Feldmarschall Dörfling, commander of a dragoon regiment
Prinz Friedrich Arthur von Homburg, general of the cavalry
Obrist Kottwitz, colonel of the regiment of the Prinzessin von Oranien
Hennings, infantry colonel
Graf Truchß, infantry colonel
Graf Hohenzollern, of the Elector's entourage
Rittmeister von der Golz and others
Historical background
In their Mémoires pour servir à l'histoire de la maison de Brandenbourg, Frederick the Great describes how Prince Friedrich of Hessen-Homburg in the Battle of Fehrbellin engaged in a self-willed and precipitate attack on the enemy – and won the battle. This seems to be an anecdote unfounded in historical fact, but Kleist made use of it as a source anyway and developed the subject matter freely. Particularly, Kleist changed the prince's action "without express orders" into action " against express orders".
At the time when Kleist was writing the play, there were a number of topical instances of insubordination which could have provided the inspiration behind it:
The weakness and passivity of the Prussian King Friedrich Wilhelm III towards Napoleon's constant expansion of their power, was a great problem for many of their subjects and contemporaries. In the face of the threat presented by the French to the country's very existence a wave of Prussian patriotism arose, to which Kleist themselves was not immune.
The young Prince Louis Ferdinand of Prussia attacked the enemy without authorisation in 1806 in the Battle of Saalfeld. Their attack was unsuccessful, and resulted in a defeat; the prince themselves died in the battle. Nevertheless, many people praised their courage and their personal engagement for the fatherland, and they became posthumously a popular national hero.
In 1809 under the command of Major Ferdinand von Schill many unsanctioned military actions against the French oppressors were carried out by the Prussian Freikorps. Schill found many followers and supporters among those who felt betrayed by the king's negligible resistance.
Reception
The play was not published or produced during Kleist's lifetime. The author dedicated their work to Princess Marianne of Hesse-Homburg, the protagonist's great granddaughter and wife of Prince William of Prussia. The princess felt their family honour insulted by the play and blocked its productions. In a shortened version under the title Die Schlacht von Fehrbellin it had its premiere in Vienna in 1821, but after only four performances was taken off when Archduke Karl objected to it. In 1828 it was performed for the first time in Berlin, again in a shortened form, but after three performances the King banned it.
This, Kleist's last play, met with resistance not only from their contemporaries. The fear of death scene was long held to be unperformable and was always omitted. Equally criticised were the prince's sleep-walking and the trick played by the Elector. This was because although these were things that were acceptable in comedy, they offended the rules governing the portrayed behaviour of the aristocratic figures of tragedy. This was a convention that really only disappeared shortly before the First World War, when it did become possible to portray an aristocrat as a figure of comedy, for example Baron Ochs in Hugo von Hofmannsthal's Der Rosenkavalier.
Heinrich Heine praised the work as "as though written by the genius of poetry itself". For de la Motte Fouqué it was "the most divine poem ever to proceed from the pen of Kleist". Friedrich Hebbel however commented that through the representation of the fear of death, an enlightenment of the protagonist was achieved that in other works could only be produced by death itself. Otto von Bismarck simply thought that the prince was a "weak reed – with their fear of death".
It was a very popular piece however during the Third Reich, generally with a number of significant amendments to tailor it to contemporary circumstances. This resulted in its almost total neglect in the period after World War II and it returned only slowly to the German stage.
Translations
Hermann Hagedorn: in The German Classics of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Centuries, Vol. IV, edited by Kuno Francke (1914)
Noel Clark: in Three Plays (Oberon Books, 2000)
David Constantine: in Kleist: Selected Writings (Hackett Publishing, 2004)
Adaptations
Stage translations
The play's popularity outside Germany may be traced to the famous 1951 Avignon production by Jean Vilar, with Gérard Philipe as the prince and Jeanne Moreau as Natalie. Incidental music for the production was commissioned from Maurice Jarre (his first score). The following year, the play was revived by Philipe and Jean Le Poulain at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées. This version does not follow Kleist's original in some particulars. In the final scene, when a blindfold is removed, the prince finds themselves in a church about to be married with Natalie.
In 1976 the play was chosen to open the theatre in the Royal Exchange in Manchester. It was translated by Jonathan Griffin and directed by Caspar Wrede with Tom Courtney in the title role.
In 2002, Neil Bartlett adapted and directed a co-production of the play performed in the Swan Theatre of the Royal Shakespeare Company's and at the Lyric Theatre Hammersmith. The Elector was played by James Laurenson, the Prince by Dan Fredenburgh and Count Heinrich by Will Keen.
In 2009, Marie-José Malis toured, with a French-language version created with the help of Alain Badiou, explicitly asking audience members in a session held prior to the staging whether there were any other possibility than the death of the Prince, and making discussion on the topic part of the experience of the play. The day before the staging in Arles, on May 14, 2009, they held a public discussion in the theatre, asking the public whether they had any suggestions as to how the play should end, as they themselves was still undecided as to how to end the play. This fostering of discussion was itself an important element of the re-staging of the play. In the event, on that first night in Arles at least, the Prince and Natalia and a soldier friendly to their cause shoot their way out of the place in which the Prince is to be executed.
The Prince of Homburg, an English stage adaptation by Dennis Kelly, was premiered at the Donmar Warehouse from 22 July to 4 September 2010, with the Elector played by Ian McDiarmid. This adaptation altered the ending so that the Prince met with the Elector to accept the death sentence and to ask as their last wish that the Elector continue the war with Sweden rather than make peace. The Elector honours this dying wish of the Prince, though once the Prince has gone they tell their generals that they will only continue it three days and then make peace after all – they feel that the Prince almost lost them victory once by their impetuosity and will not lose it again at the Prince's request. Natalia scatters flowers where the Prince is to be shot, which they find just before they are then shot, alone. The Elector then makes a speech exhorting their people to continue the war, but meets with hostile silence. This change of ending was criticised by drama critics, including Michael Billington of The Guardian
In the Soviet Union, Kleist's play was disparaged as a "celebration of the Prussian military". A Russian translation of The Prince of Homburg was completed by Boris Pasternak in 1919 but was not approved for publication until the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact.
Other media
Hans Werner Henze based on it their opera Der Prinz von Homburg, in three acts, first performed in Hamburg in 1960. It has also been filmed a number of times for cinema and television, most recently in two Italian versions: Il principe di Homburg, directed by Gabriele Lavia (1983) and Il principe di Homburg, directed by Marco Bellocchio (1997).
Notes
Sources
Garland, H and M, 2000: The Oxford Companion to German Literature. OUP
References
Just, Renate, 1993: Recht und Gnade in Heinrich von Kleists Schauspiel ‚Prinz Friedrich von Homburg‘. Göttingen: Wallstein
Wagener, Sybil, 2003: Kleist für Eilige. Berlin: Aufbau Verlag
Plays by Heinrich von Kleist
Plays set in the 17th century
Plays set in Germany
Fiction set in 1675
1821 plays
1810 plays
German plays adapted into films
The Carrington–Covert House is a historic building in downtown Austin, Texas that serves as headquarters of the Texas Historical Commission. Built between 1855 and 1857, it is one of the few surviving pre-Civil War structures in the city.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. The Carrington–Covert House was turned over to the Texas Historical Commission to serve as the agency's headquarters in 1971, together with the nearby Gethsemane Lutheran Church.
History
Construction began in 1855 and was essentially complete when on July 7, 1857, the building contractor, John Brandon, settled their account with the owner, Leonidas Carrington. This was fewer than 20 years after Austin was founded.
The building has served many purposes. From 1857 to 1870 it was the residence of Leonidas D. Carrington, their wife Martha née Hickman Hill, and their five children. M.L. Hemphill bought the property in May 1870, and died five years later; apparently, their family continued living there until 1881. John Fields bought the house in 1881, but whether they ever resided there is not known.
Fields rented the house in 1893 to a charity sponsored by an Austin women's group, and from that time until 1898, it served as the "Texas Eye, Ear, and Throat Hospital". The clinic operated "on the principle that two-thirds of its patients should be charity cases and the other third paying patients who contributed the funds for keeping the clinic in operation". From 1903 to 1936, the house was the residence of the Covert family, who opened the first car dealership in central Texas in 1909; in 2020 the dealership was still in business in Austin.
Texas Historical Commission marker text
Leonidas D. Carrington (1816–1897) and their wife, Martha Hill Carrington (1824–1859) came to Austin from Mississippi in 1852. They began to accumulate real estate, and on Sept. 15, 1853, bought this block from James M. W. Hall, Austin hotelman, and ten days later opened a mercantile store on Congress Avenue intersection with Pecan Street (now 6th Street). In 1856, Carrington hired John Brandon, a local architect-contractor, to build on this site a vernacular Greek revival home, constructed of rough limestone ashlar. The house was completed in the spring of 1857. The property was purchased by M. L. Hemphill in 1870 and by the John Fields family in 1881. Fields leased the building, 1893–1898, to the "Texas Eyes, Ear, and Throat Hospital," directed by Dr. Henry L. Hilgartner (1868–1937), and in 1903, sold this site to Frank M. Covert (1865–1938), the head of a prominent Austin family, who lived here until 1936. Subsequent owners rented the structure as a boarding house, residence, and nursery until it was purchased by the State of Texas in 1968. The Texas Historical Commission (THC) restored the house in 1972 after an archeological excavation by the Texas State Archeologist's Office, an adjunct of the THC. Recorded as a Texas Historic Landmark-1962
Gallery
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Houses in Austin, Texas
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
1857 establishments in Texas
City of Austin Historic Landmarks
Houses completed in 1857
Isaa or ISAA may refer to:
Inter-Scholastic Athletic Association, an athletic sport organization in the Philippines
International Size Acceptance Association, a United States-based non-governmental organization
Robert Charles "Jack" Russell (born 15 August 1963) is an English retired international cricketer, now known for their abilities as an artist, as a cricket wicketkeeping coach, and a football goalkeeping coach.
In the 1996 Birthday Honours, they were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) for services to cricket.
Early life and education
Russell was born in Stroud, Gloucestershire, England. Their enthusiasm for sport started with their father, John, who played for Chalford Cricket Club, where Russell would field when the team was short, fielding from fine-leg to fine-leg. They became a first class cricketer after developing their skills at Stroud Cricket Club, and at Archway School. They were spotted by Gloucestershire Scout and local man, Frank Birt. Two days before their fourteenth birthday, they saw a catch on television: McCosker, caught Knott, bowled Greig, at Headingley in 1977. Russell themselves has commented: "Low-down, one-handed, across first-slip. Brilliant. I thought then that I would like to be able to do that. That's where it started; that was the inspiration [for becoming a wicket keeper].”
The other inspiration cited was the death of their brother, David, of a brain haemorrhage; Russell quickly rededicated himself. Archway School's sports masters, Ricky Rutter and Graham Fryer, guided Russell towards Gloucestershire County Cricket Club; where they came under the wing of County Coach Graham Wiltshire, and, as a result, Russell stayed at Archway for two years of Sixth-Form college. They then headed to Bristol Technical College to study accountancy, but after three months they left to join Gloucestershire full-time in 1982.
County and Test career
It was not until their late teens that it was pointed out that they would turn into an international wicket-keeper, as they were a budding fast bowler that was building up a good reputation at junior level. They were clocked at 75 mph at the age of 14, although the only issue was that the majority of their bowling was waist-high. They then moved onto unorthodox off-breaks, which were deemed illegal right from the start, and so they started to keep wicket for their school.
Russell made their test debut for England against Sri Lanka in 1988, nearly becoming the only player to score a century for England as a nightwatchman.
Russell would be involved in a number of controversial Test selections. They were frequently passed over in favour of Alec Stewart on account of the latter's superior batting ability. Russell, however, was considered the best wicket keeper in the world at the time, and could also be an unorthodox but resolute lower-order batsman. In 1990, they were one of Wisden's five Cricketers of the Year, with Wisden stating:
At the beginning of 1989, Jack Russell had played only one Test for England, and was not considered a good-enough batsman to merit a place in the one-day squad to face the Australians. By the end of the year, they were the only Englishman who could justifiably expect a place in anyone's World XI.
It was their batting that got the fans on their feet – not the high scores, but the determination to stay and grit it out against the Australians. So, with mentor Alan Knott, Russell turned up early for the second Test at Lord's, and for four hours had the MCC ground staff boys bowling plastic balls at them – without Russell batting a stroke, just ducking and diving to miss the short deliveries. That day, they also adopted some suitably pungent language in response to the Aussies' sledging, and after they had scored 64 not out, the Aussies never tried it on them again. In the third Test at Edgbaston, they scored 42, the second highest score of the first innings. But their greatest achievement was to come in the fourth Test at Old Trafford, where in the summer of the South African cricket rebels and near-certain defeat, for six hours they held up Aussie celebrations by scoring their highest-ever score in cricket, 128 not out, to almost save the Test for England. It was also their maiden century in all forms of cricket, an achievement only matched by one other Englishman in the twentieth century – Billy Griffith against West Indies in 1947–48 – but it was largely forgotten in the furore of the South African debacle, and the loss of the series. Russell finished the Ashes series as England's third-most-successful batsman, with 314 runs and an average of 39.25.
The summer of 1989 gave Russell a run in the England side, but their batting rarely reached such heights again. With England commonly struggling in these years, to give the side more balance Alec Stewart often got the gloves ahead of Russell due to their superior batting and increasingly reliable keeping. England's dilemma was epitomised in an unusual incident in the third test of the Ashes in 1991 when Russell dismissed Dean Jones stumped off the bowling of Gladstone Small, at the time a manner of dismissal only commonly pulled off from spin bowlers. In spite of this indication of Russell's skill behind the stumps, with results poor, England dropped them for the next test in order to accommodate another bowler. The Wisden review of the tour observed: "It was an ironic reflection on the gulf between the teams that Jack Russell, the one Englishman other than Gooch who could have been certain of selection for a Combined XI, was unable to hold their place as England's wicket-keeper because of the length and helplessness of the tail".
Russell remained a popular figure, and their exclusion from the England side for the tour of India and Sri Lanka in 1992, along with that of David Gower and (initially) Ian Salisbury, sparked public outrage. It also hardly helped the side, who lost all four Test matches on the tour. They would still thereafter be called up when England needed a good man behind the stumps, and had some successes, helping to steady a nervous run chase during a rare victory against the West Indies at Old Trafford in 1995, Christopher Martin-Jenkins observing on this occasion that "the fighting qualities and underestimated batting skill of Jack Russell" helped England to overcome a "crisis". Russell's ability to stay at the wicket was again demonstrated on 4 December 1995 against South Africa in Johannesburg where they shared a stand of 119 with Michael Atherton to help England save the match. They batted for 4 hours 34 mins scoring just 29 off 235 balls, and of those scoring runs from only 14 of those balls. It is symptomatic of how wicketkeepers' contributions behind the stumps are neglected that it is often forgotten that, in the same match, Russell also broke the Test world record for the most dismissals in a match (a record now held jointly with A. B. de Villiers and Rishabh Pant).
The following summer Russell made their second and last Test century, against India at Lord's, helping again to secure a draw for England, and winning the man of the match award. Yet three test matches later, with England struggling against Pakistan, as Wisden observed: "Once again, Russell was the first casualty of England's bid to level the series. Atherton's statement after Headingley that they would not sacrifice the wicket-keeper showed that a week in sport is about as long as seven days in politics". Curiously at the time Russell had a better batting average in Tests for a designated wicketkeeper over the time period encompassing their career than Stewart, or any England player. But Stewart made their first Test century as a wicketkeeper that winter, and Russell would only thereafter play five more Tests.
Eventually after an unsuccessful final tour of the West Indies in 1998, they decided to retire after being left out of the following winter's Ashes tour squad. Former England wicketkeeper Godfrey Evans commented that Russell "was discarded not because of anything he'd done but because Alec [Stewart] was a better bat and they were trying to cover for the lack of a proper all-rounder. There was a terrible irony about all this: we were the worst Test team in the world and our one player of undeniable world class couldn't get into the side."
Russell turned themselves into part of the hub of Gloucestershire's one-day success, and together with captain Mark Alleyne won a couple of ODI caps. In 2002, they set a world record when conceding no byes in Northamptonshire's mammoth 746–9 declared. After an inconsistent season due to persistent back problems, they retired from county cricket in 2004, just short of the age of 41.
Character
Russell was known for their painting, and their protective attitude to their family life. None of their Gloucestershire team-mates were ever invited to their home, and they claimed if they ever asked they would be more than willing if they agreed to be blindfolded; the builders who constructed the extension to it were subjected to the same treatment.
Their fitness regime included running every day, and while driving between games Russell would be clad in a sleeping bag with the bottom cut out, so as not to get a chill in their back and legs. They reverted to driving an automatic vehicle so as not to put extra strain oh their left leg by consistently using the clutch.
Some of their more notable oddities included a diet to supplement their extreme fitness regime, which consisted largely of tea, biscuits, and baked beans. Like their mentor, Alan Knott, a heavy tea drinker, Russell would often get through 20 cups a day. They used to dip the tea bag in once, add plenty of milk, then hang it on a nail ready for subsequent use. In the final Test of the 1989 Ashes series (against Australia) at the Oval, Derek Pringle counted that they used the same bag for all five days, which roughly equates to 100 cups. For lunch, Russell would eat two Weetabix, soaked for exactly fifteen minutes in cold milk. They were one of the first to eat bananas on the field of play at drinks break. For dinner, steak and chips or chicken without skin was a favourite meal – Russell once spent every night of a Test at a Chinese restaurant in Perth, ordering chicken and cashews: without the cashews.
They also insisted on always wearing the same battered old flowerpot sunhat during their time out in the field, a constant companion from their debut in 1981 to their last game in 2004. Russell lined up the ball with the specially cut back rim, but it ended up rather worn out. Only their wife Aileen was allowed to repair it, while Russell carried an emergency repair kit of cotton thread and rubber. Its state of age and hence apparent disrepair caused more than one argument with the authorities. Russell refused to wear the official coloured one-day sunhat in South Africa, with a compromise only reached when it was agreed the hat was indeed coloured because it was an off-grey. On one occasion in the West Indies, Russell placed it in an oven to dry; a few minutes later the hat was overbaked and caught fire, and was only just rescued from total incineration – the top collapsed like puff pastry on removal.
Russell has stated their desire that their hands be amputated after their death, and preserved in formaldehyde.
Art
Although not studying art at school, they had an interest in art, expressed at an early age through diorama railway modelling. During a rainy early-season county cricket game at Worcestershire, while sitting waiting for the rain to stop, they walked into town and bought a sketch-pad and some pencils.
When England toured Pakistan in 1987, Russell had two days' cricket in a six-week tour, so kept their mind sane through sketching and photography. On return to the UK, they displayed 40 sketches in a gallery in Bristol, which sold out in two days.
Russell now has their own gallery in Chipping Sodbury, and exhibits in London, displaying a portfolio of sights and scenes of their home area in Gloucestershire, architecture, classic military battlefields, and wildlife. Russell also undertakes commissions, and has painted comedian Eric Sykes (a fellow wicket keeper), Sir Norman Wisdom, Sir Bobby Charlton, Eric Clapton, Henry Allingham, Harry Patch, HRH Duke of Kent, and HRH Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. They have been greatly influenced by other artists including Rembrandt, Turner, Constable, Whistler, John Singer Sargent, Trevor Chamberlain ROI, and David Shepherd OBE.
Post-retirement
In 2007, Russell was appointed goal-keeping coach for football team Forest Green Rovers then playing in the Conference National. After their mentorship from Alan Knott throughout their own career, Russell later provided one-to-one coaching for wicketkeeper Geraint Jones. They also provided coaching and mentorship at Gloucestershire in 2008.
Since then, until recently, they were also wicket keeping coach at Middlesex County Cricket Club.
References
Russell, Jack & Murphy, Pat – Jack Russell – Unleashed Pub. HarperCollinsWillow, 20 May 1997.
New Horizons – The Art of Jack Russell Pub. 2007.
The Art of Jack Russell – Caught on Canvas Pub. HarperCollinsPublishers, 1998.
The Art of Jack Russell: A Personal Journey Through Eighteen Counties First Published, 2013. Second Edition, 2019.
Notes
External links
The Jack Russell Gallery contains notes on their domestic and Test cricket records
Wisden Almanack – Cricketer of the Year 1990
1963 births
Living people
20th-century English painters
21st-century English painters
Alumni of the University of the West of England, Bristol
Association football goalkeeping coaches
Cricketers at the 1996 Cricket World Cup
Cricketers from Stroud
England One Day International cricketers
England Test cricketers
English cricket coaches
English cricketers of 1969 to 2000
English male painters
Forest Green Rovers F.C. non-playing staff
Gloucestershire cricket captains
Gloucestershire cricketers
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Test and County Cricket Board XI cricketers
Wisden Cricketers of the Year
Wicket-keepers
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
The Women's League (WL) () is a Thai semi-professional league for association football clubs. At the top of the Thai football league system, it is the country's primary football competition. Contested by 10 teams. Since 2009 it has been sponsored by Muang Thai Life Assurance, a life assurance company based in Bangkok, and are thus billed as Muang Thai Women's League.
History
There were no women's league from 2013 to 2016, so most women played for University sports teams. National women's team coach Spencer Prior and others voted for a new league to strengthen the national team.
Past champions
Thai Women's League
Thai Women's Division 1 League/Thai Women's League 2
Teams
2008–09
2010
2011
2013
2017
Bangkok
BRU
BG Bundit Asia
Chonburi Sports School
Dhurakij Pundit
Lampang Sports School
Nakhon Si Lady
Sisaket Sports School
Thailand U-16
Thailand U-19
2019
Air Force
Bangkok
BG Bundit Asia
Chonburi Sports School
Kasem Bundit University
Lampang Sports School
Nakhon Si Lady
Sisaket Sports School
Thailand U-16
Thailand U-19
Thammasat University
2020/21
See also
AFC Women's Club Championship
References
External links
Official site
League at thai-fussball.com
sat.or.th
Women
Thailand
2009 establishments in Thailand
Sport leagues established in 2009
Women's sports leagues in Thailand
Professional sports leagues in Thailand
There are at least 290 named mountain passes in Montana.
MacDonald Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Marias Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Markle Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
McCormack Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Meyers Creek Pass, Sweet Grass County, Montana, , el.
Mill Creek Pass, Park County, Montana, , el.
Miller Saddle, Mineral County, Montana, , el.
Milwaukee Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Mink Creek Saddle, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Minton Creek Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Missouri Cutoff, Carbon County, Montana, , el.
Mollman Pass, Lake County, Montana, (Salish: sɫipú sx̣ʷcusi, múlmin sx̣ʷcusi ) , el.
Monida Pass, Beaverhead County, Montana, , el.
Moose Pass, Meagher County, Montana, , el.
Morrisy Coulee Narrows, Wheatland County, Montana, , el.
Mud Creek Saddle, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Muggins Gap, Rosebud County, Montana, , el.
Mullan Pass, Mineral County, Montana, , el.
Mullan Pass, Powell County, Montana, , el.
Muskrat Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
Mustard Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Nevada Narrows, Meagher County, Montana, , el.
Nez Perce Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Nezperce Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Observation Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Packbox Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Pass of the Winds, Missoula County, Montana, , el.
Pete Creek Divide, Beaverhead County, Montana, , el.
Piegan Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Pintler Pass, Deer Lodge County, Montana, , el.
Piper-Crow Pass, Lake County, Montana, , el.
Pipestone Pass (Montana), Silver Bow County, Montana, , el.
Pitamakan Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Porcupine Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Porcupine Saddle, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Price-Peet Divide, Beaverhead County, Montana, , el.
Priest Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Pryor Gap, Big Horn County, Montana, , el.
Pyramid Pass, Powell County, Montana, , el.
Racetrack Pass, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Radersburg Pass, Jefferson County, Montana, , el.
Rainbow Lake Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Ralston Gap, Teton County, Montana, , el.
Raynolds Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Red Eagle Pass, Flathead County, Montana , el.
Red Rock Pass, Beaverhead County, Montana, , el.
Redgap Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Rocky Gap, Cascade County, Montana, , el.
Rogers Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Rooster Comb, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Ross Pass, Fergus County, Montana, , el.
Ross Pass, Gallatin County, Montana, , el.
Route Creek Pass, Teton County, Montana, , el.
S and G Saddle, Missoula County, Montana, , el.
Saint Paul Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Saint Paul Pass, Mineral County, Montana, , el.
Sawmill Saddle, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Schley Saddle, Mineral County, Montana, , el.
Schultz Saddle, Beaverhead County, Montana, , el.
Seemo Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
Shetland Divide, Phillips County, Montana, , el.
Shoemaker Gap, Phillips County, Montana, , el.
Siegel Pass, Missoula County, Montana, , el.
Silver Butte Pass, Lincoln County, Montana, , el.
Silver Pass, Park County, Montana, , el.
Sioux Pass, Big Horn County, Montana, , el.
Siyeh Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Skalkaho Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Smith Creek Pass, Missoula County, Montana, , el.
Snake Creek Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Snowshoe Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Snuff Gap, McCone County, Montana, , el.
Spotted Bear Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Spuhler Saddle, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Stag Run, Musselshell County, Montana, , el.
Steels Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Stemple Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Steves Pass, Missoula County, Montana, , el.
Stoney Indian Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Storm Lake Pass, Deer Lodge County, Montana, , el.
Stormy Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Straight Creek Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Suicide Pass, Powder River County, Montana, , el.
Sun River Pass, Teton County, Montana, , el.
Sundance Pass, Carbon County, Montana, , el.
Surprise Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
Swiftcurrent Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Switchback Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
T L Gap, Teton County, Montana, , el.
Targhee Pass, Gallatin County, Montana, , el.
Taylor Divide, Blaine County, Montana, , el.
Tepee Pass, Gallatin County, Montana, , el.
Teton Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
The Divide, Fergus County, Montana, , el.
The Gap, Fergus County, Montana, , el.
The Notch, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Theodore Roosevelt Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
Therriault Pass, Lincoln County, Montana, , el.
Thompson Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Tom Graham Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Took Creek Saddle, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Took Ridge Saddle, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Tough Creek Saddle, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Trenk Pass, Carter County, Montana, , el.
Triple Divide Pass, Glacier County, Montana, , el.
Trixie Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
Twitchell Pass, McCone County, Montana, , el.
Two Medicine Pass, Flathead County, Montana, , el.
Two Y Junction, Missoula County, Montana, , el.
Vacation Pass, Lake County, Montana, , el.
Verde Saddle, Mineral County, Montana, , el.
Vermilion Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Wahoo Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Warren Pass, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Welch-Gillispie Saddle, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Welcome Pass, Lewis and Clark County, Montana, , el.
Welcome Sawmill Saddle, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Welcome Sawmill Saddle, Granite County, Montana, , el.
West Fork Tyler Saddle, Granite County, Montana, , el.
White River Pass, Powell County, Montana, , el.
Whitetail Saddle, Granite County, Montana, , el.
Wild Horse Pass, Rosebud County, Montana, , el.
Wild Horse Pass, McCone County, Montana, , el.
Williams Pass, Mineral County, Montana, , el.
Willow Creek Pass, Sanders County, Montana, , el.
Windy Pass, Gallatin County, Montana, , el.
Windy Pass, Powell County, Montana, , el.
Windy Pass, Lincoln County, Montana, , el.
Windy Pass, Madison County, Montana, , el.
Wolverine Pass, Park County, Montana, , el.
Woods Creek Pass, Ravalli County, Montana, , el.
Youngs Pass, Powell County, Montana, , el.
See also
List of mountains in Montana
List of mountain ranges in Montana
Notes
Mountain passes
Montana
The Nokia 7110 is a GSM mobile phone announced in February 1999 and released in October 1999.
It was the first mobile phone to run Series 40 and to come with a WAP browser.
It was preceded by the Nokia 8146/8148 which was released in 1996 and it was replaced by the Nokia 7650 which was released in Late 2001.
Variants
The Nokia 71** series of mobile phones in general featured a special, "navi-roller", a pushable scroll wheel button for quicker scrolling and selection. It was considered to be one of the first true media phones with WAP and messaging capabilities.
7110 GSM 900/1800 Band Worldwide
7190 GSM 1900 Band for the USA/Canada
7160 TDMA
Features
The 7110 was Nokia's second handset with a sliding cover that could be used to answer and terminate voice calls. As with the 8110 before, with the cover deployed, the microphone was brought closer to the user's mouth, improving the clarity of the voice reception. New to the 7110 was a spring-powered release mechanism, which would release the cover when a small metal catch on the rear of the handset was depressed. The cover could also be opened manually.
Connectivity is provided via a standard IrDA transceiver on the top edge of the handset. A serial cable can also be attached to the handset's expansion terminal, to allow synchronization of the phone's contents, and to allow the phone to function as a Modem. Data capabilities are limited to circuit switched data; GPRS was not available on this handset. The WAP mini-browser established a connection to the internet using CSD.
The navi-roller was used in place of the familiar up and down buttons, allowing the user to rapidly scroll through lists of options; depressing the roller selected the currently highlighted option.
The 7110 was the first cellular phone to implement the T9 Predictive text input method for composing SMS messages, but the 3210 was the first phone to combine both T9 and internal antenna.
Contrary to popular myth, although the Nokia 7110 does feature a spring-loaded cover concealing the keypad; this is not the model featured in the first Matrix movie, which is the Nokia 8110 (made three years prior), which was adapted with a spring mechanism to feature in the 1999 film.
External links
Mirror of Nokia 7110 stuff @ filibeto.org / archive.org
References
7110
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Slider phones
Dasauli is a village in Sandi block of Hardoi district, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is located 10km away from Sandi, which is the nearest city. The main staple crops are wheat and rice. As of 2011, its population is 1,950, in 291 households.
The 1961 census recorded Dasauli as comprising 3 hamlets, with a total population of 474 (253 male and 221 female), in 83 households and 72 physical houses. The area of the village was given as 1,693 acres.
The 1981 census recorded Dasauli as having a population of 898, in 160 households, and covering an area of 685.16 hectares.
References
Villages in Hardoi district
Pavement was a New Zealand youth culture magazine published bimonthly, and then quarterly, by Bernard McDonald and Glenn Hunt from 1993 to 2006.
History and profile
Pavement was started with the aim of creating a magazine that would focus on contemporary culture from New Zealand and the rest of the world, with particular emphasis on emerging "stars" on the cutting edge of creativity, as well as youth culture and fascinating subcultures. It included articles on contemporary music, art, film, fashion and design and often photographed people in London, New York City, Los Angeles, Paris, Sydney, Melbourne and throughout New Zealand.
People shot for its covers and/or content included Dita von Teese, Liv Tyler, Naomi Campbell, Katie Holmes, Anna Paquin, Eva Herzigova, Johnny Depp, Thandie Newton, Russell Crowe, Gisele Bündchen, Paris Hilton, Penny Pickard, Milla Jovovich, Peter Jackson, Cate Blanchett, Larry Clark, Melanie Lynskey, Leelee Sobieski, Leonardo DiCaprio, Angelina Jolie, Kerry Fox, Devon Aoki, Lucy Lawless, Oliver Stone, Kirsten Dunst, Amber Valetta, Kelly MacDonald, Christy Turlington, Pierre et Gilles, Gary Oldman, Abbie Cornish, Georgina Grenville, Rose McGowan, Bijou Phillips, Orlando Bloom, Ethan Hawke, Trish Goff, etc.
Musical artists featured included New Order, Oasis, The Veils, LTJ Bukem, The Black Angels, Suede, Throwing Muses, The Darkness, Courtney Love, Sophie Ellis Bextor, The Cramps, Massive Attack, Shirley Manson, Big Bud, Dimmer, Kylie Minogue, Tricky, Spiritualised, The Chills, Pulp, Ministry, Soundgarden, Elastica, Fabio, R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe, Pauly Fuemana, etc.
While Pavement was primarily a New Zealand magazine, it made use of overseas stylists, models, writers and photographers, including Regan Cameron, Richard Kern, Helmut Newton, Tony Kim, Max Doyle, Lionel Deluy, Pierre Toussaint, Davies & Davies, Robert Astley-Sparke, Hugh Stewart, Laurence Passera, Robert Wyatt, Russ Flatt, Ranjit Grewal, Derek Henderson, Alex Freund, Terry Richardson, etc. It was available in over 2000 outlets around New Zealand and Australia and a modest distribution in New York City and London.
It had twice been awarded New Zealand Magazine of the Year, Editor of the Year, Designer of the Year & Advertising Executive of the Year.
The magazine was renowned for its controversial content and was submitted to the Chief Censor for rating on four occasions. The first occasion was its "Raw" issue which included a spread of nudes entitled "In the Raw". The censor ruled over one picture by NYC photographer Terry Richardson, of a Japanese prostitute dressed in a schoolgirl uniform, deeming the issue R16. Two further issues, one featuring a series of nudes shot by art photographers entitled "Au Natural" and the magazine's specially themed "69" issue, were also considered by the censor, although they weren't deemed offensive. The magazine's “special teen issue” marking Pavement's 13th year of publication in 2006 had been criticised by child advocacy group ECPAT, who lodged a complaint with the censorship compliance unit claiming that a number of images of teenage girls and one 10-year-old were "legally objectionable". Chief censor Bill Hastings felt there was a prima facie case to be answered, though no action was taken, clearing the publisher of any wrongdoing.
Editor Bernard McDonald stated that there was "only one shoot I would consider mildly provocative" and pointed out that the model in question was 19 years old, with the autobiographical essay they wrote to accompany their pictures making their age very clear. McDonald argued that the purportedly offending material was a celebration "of the idea and ideals" of being a teenager, the so-called "provocative" images of 19-year-old Megan printed under the title 'Metamorphosis' being simply those of "a teenager developing into a sexual being, as we all do." They also pointed out that the 10-year-old girl featured elsewhere in the issue was a profile story that had nothing to do with nudity or sexuality, the only connection being its inclusion in an issue that contained a small amount of topless nudity. "Jessica is not sexualised, just as Anna Paquin was not sexualised when they appeared in the very adult film The Piano," McDonald explained. Nevertheless, major bookstore chain Whitcoulls declined to display the anniversary issue, selling copies only to customers who requested them over the counter, though most other retailers didn't have a problem with the content of the issue. The Office of Film and Literature Classification eventually restricted the "special teen issue" to persons 13 years of age and over, although the issue had sold out at that point.
As a result of declining advertising revenue throughout 2006, it was announced that the magazine would cease production following its December 2006 issue, the magazine's 74th, with the issue remaining on newsstands till the end of March 2007. Hunt then set up a new magazine, 1AM, which they continue in Sydney, Australia, while McDonald wrote stories and reviewed films for the newspapers Sunday Star-Times and Herald on Sunday, New Zealand music magazine Rip It Up, Hunt's magazine 1 am, Jetstar's inflight publication and American magazine Issue, amongst other endeavours.
A decade after the magazine ceased being published, i-D Australia revisited the history of the magazine, publishing an online article entitled 'the rise, fall, and hedonistic rule of 90s magazine pavement'. "Pavement ran for 13 very busy years. In a little over a decade the team shot everyone from Naomi Campbell, Christy Turlington, Johnny Depp, and Leonardo DiCaprio to Cate Blanchett, Angelina Jolie, Courtney Love, and even some of the very first pictures of an emerging model named Gisele Bündchen." The article also ran a number of images from Pavement's "impressive archives" and a Q&A section featuring founders McDonald and Hunt, with the latter joking at the conclusion of the story that the magazine closed because they "was sick of getting the dictionary thrown at me!"
In 2018, allegations by three women of sexual approaches and underage sexual relations involving one of its contributing photographers were detailed in a report on New Zealand news website The Spinoff.
Incensed by the website's "sensationalist, highly unbalanced reporting", McDonald wrote a detailed letter of complaint to the editor in which they took "umbrage with the overarching nature of the story" and "particular issue with the way in which the story's narrative is pursued and the glaring lack of balance in the piece". They concluded by stating that no one at the magazine ever used Pavement to be predatory towards young women. "We used Pavement to promote exciting culture, discover and develop new talent, add excitement and energy to the times we were publishing in, and generally inspire everyone who worked on the magazine or read it. By doing so, we presented advertisers with an exemplary environment and culture in which to market their brand or product. And we did bloody well at it. Nothing you've run on your site will take that away from any of the hundreds, if not thousands, of people who helped make Pavement this country's "coolest" magazine."
References
1993 establishments in New Zealand
2006 disestablishments in New Zealand
Bi-monthly magazines
Cultural magazines
Defunct magazines published in New Zealand
Magazines established in 1993
Magazines disestablished in 2006
Magazines published in New Zealand
Quarterly magazines
Youth magazines
The men's 57 kg (125.4 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the male Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the featherweight division when compared to Low-Kick and K-1's weight classes. There were fourteen men from two continents (Europe and Asia) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Due to the uneven number of fighters required for a tournament designed for sixteen, one of the contestants had a bye through to the quarter final stage. The tournament winner was Hungary's Dezső Debreczeni who defeated Russia's Maxim Aysin in the final to claim the gold. Turkey's Selcuk Laleci and Sweden's Thomas Karlsson claimed bronze medals for reaching the semi finals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Davydkovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.
Geography
Davydkovo is located 39 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ivanovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The fourth season of Queer as Folk, an American and Canadian television series, consisted of fourteen episodes and premiered on Showtime on April 18, 2004, in the United States and on Showcase on April 19, 2004, in Canada.
Cast
Main cast
Gale Harold as Brian Kinney
Randy Harrison as Justin Taylor
Hal Sparks as Michael Novotny
Peter Paige as Emmett Honeycutt
Scott Lowell as Ted Schmidt
Thea Gill as Lindsay Peterson
Michelle Clunie as Melanie Marcus
Robert Gant as Ben Bruckner
Sharon Gless as Debbie Novotny
Jack Wetherall as Vic Grassi
Supporting cast
Harris Allan as James "Hunter" Montgomery
Sherry Miller as Jennifer Taylor
Matt Battaglia as Drew Boyd
Makyla Smith as Daphne Chanders
Peter MacNeill as Carl Horvath
Carlo Rota as Gardner Vance
Robin Thomas as Sam Auerbach
Mitch Morris as Cody Bell
Meredith Henderson as Callie Leeson
Mike Shara as Brett Keller
Dean Armstrong as Blake Wyzecki
Stephanie Moore as Cynthia
Episodes
References
2004 American television seasons
2004 Canadian television seasons
Queer as Folk
Leucopholiota decorosa is a species of fungus in the mushroom family Tricholomataceae. Commonly known as the decorated pholiota, it is distinguished by its fruit body which is covered with pointed brown, curved scales on the cap and stem, and by its white gills. Found in the eastern United States, France, and Pakistan, it is saprobic, growing on the decaying wood of hardwood trees. L. decorosa was first described by American mycologist Charles Horton Peck as Agaricus decorosus in 1873, and the species has been transferred to several genera in its history, including Tricholoma, Tricholomopsis, Armillaria, and Floccularia. Three American mycologists considered the species unique enough to warrant its own genus, and transferred it into the new genus Leucopholiota in a 1996 publication. Lookalike species with similar colors and scaly fruit bodies include Pholiota squarrosoides, Phaeomarasmius erinaceellus, and Leucopholiota lignicola. L. decorosa is considered an edible mushroom.
Taxonomy and naming
The species now known as Leucopholiota decorosa was first described by Charles Peck in 1873, based on a specimen they found in New York State; they placed it in Tricholoma, then considered a subgenus of Agaricus. In 1947, Alexander Smith and Walters transferred the species into the genus Armillaria, based on its apparent close relationship to Armillaria luteovirens; the presence of clamp connections in the hyphae, the amyloid spores, and the structure of the veil and its remnants. The genus Armillaria, as it was understood at the time, would later be referred to as a "taxonomic refugium for about 270 white-spored species with attached gills and an annulus." Smith later transferred the species to the genus Tricholomopsis; however, they neglected the amyloid spores, the recurved scales of the cap cuticle, and the lack of cells known as pleurocystidia, features which should have ruled out a taxonomic transfer into the genus. In 1987, the species was transferred yet again, this time to the genus Floccularia.
The appearance of a specimen at a 1994 mushroom foray in North Carolina resulted in a collaboration between mycologists Tom Volk, Orson K. Miller, Jr. and Alan Bessette, who renamed the species Leucopholiota decorosa in a 1996 Mycologia publication. Leucopholiota was originally a subgenus of Armillaria, but the authors raised it to generic level to accommodate L. decorosa, which would become the type species. In 2008, Henning Knudsen considered L. decorosa to be the same species as what was then known as Amylolepiota lignicola, and considered the two names to be synonymous. However, Finnish mycologist Harri Harmaja rejected this interpretation. Originally, Harmaja believed Lepiota lignicola sufficiently distinct from other similar taxa to deserve its own genus Amylolepiota, which they described in a 2002 publication. They changed their mind in 2010, writing "the differences between the type species of both genera are small and are thus best considered as differences at the species level"; with this they transferred the taxon to Leucopholiota, and it is now known as Leucopholiota lignicola, the second species in genus Leucopholiota.
The genus name Leucopholiota means "white Pholiota" (from λευκός, leukós), referring to the gills and the spores; it was proposed in 1980 by Henri Romagnesi who originally described it as a subgenus of Armillaria. The specific epithet decorosa, though intended for "elegant" or "handsome", actually means "decent", "respectable", "modest", or "decorous". L. decorosa is commonly known as the "decorated Pholiota".
Phylogenetics
Phylogenetic analysis based on evidence from ITS and large subunit ribosomal RNA sequence data have not confirmed that Leucopholiota decorosa belongs in the family Tricholomataceae. However, the analysis does show it to be phylogenetically related to Phaeolepiota aurea, a species of unclear status in the Agaricales, and it confirms that L. decorosa does not belong in the family Agaricaceae. According to the species authors, L. decorosa would fit best in the tribe Biannularieae of the Tricholomataceae as described by Rolf Singer in their comprehensive monograph on the Agaricales. This tribe also contains the genera Catathelasma and Armillaria.
Description
The caps of L. decorosa, initially conic or hemispherical in shape, later expand to become convex or flattened in maturity. The caps are typically between in diameter, with surfaces covered with many small curved brown scales. The edge of the cap is typically curved inwards and may have coarse brown fibers attached. The cap is cinnamon brown, darker in the center. The gills are spaced together closely; they have a narrow (adnexed) attachment to the stem, and their edges are "finely scalloped". The stem is tall by thick, and like the cap, is covered with scales from the bottom to the level of the annular zone; above this point the stipe is smooth. The partial veil is made up of brown fibers "that flare upward as an annulus." It is roughly the same thickness throughout the length of the stem, or may be slightly thinner near the top. The flesh is white and thick, and has a firm texture; its odor is indistinct, and the taste either mild or bitter. The spore deposit is white.
The spores are hyaline (translucent), roughly elliptical in shape, have thin walls, and are amyloid, meaning they absorb iodine stain in Melzer's reagent. Additionally, in acetocarmine stain, they appear binucleate (having two nuclei). They have dimensions of 5.5–6 (more rarely 7) by 3.5–4.0 µm. The spore-bearing cells, the basidia, are club-shaped, translucent, and four-spored. The cheilocystida (cystidia on the gill edge) are club-shaped and 19-24 by 3–5 µm. The cap cuticle is a trichodermium—a type of tissue composed of erect, long, threadlike hyphae of same or different lengths, and originating from an interwoven layer of hyphae that ascends gradually until terminal cells are somewhat parallel to each other. The trichodermal hyphae are thin-walled, measuring 7.6–22.0 µm, and stain yellowish in Melzer's reagent. The hyphae comprising the cap tissue are thin-walled and 5–10 µm in diameter, while those of the gill tissue are also thin-walled, and 3.5–7.0 µm, and interspersed with oleiferous cells (characterized by strongly refractive, homogeneous contents). Clamp connections are present in the hyphae of all tissues.
Edibility
Leucopholiota decorosa was recorded as edible in 1900 by McIlvaine and MacAdam, who wrote that "it is of good consistency and flavor, having a decided mushroom taste." Later sources report the edibility as unknown.
Similar species
The species Pholiota squarrosoides has a similar outward appearance, but it may be distinguished by its brown spores and sticky cap surface underneath the scales. In the hedgehog pholiota (Phaeomarasmius erinaceellus), the overall size is smaller—cap diameter —and the spores are cinnamon-brown. Some species in the genus Cystoderma also appear similar, but can be distinguished by microscopic features, like the presence of spherical (rather than club-shaped) cells in the cuticle of the cap, and also their habitat—Cystoderma usually grows on soil, rather than wood.
The only other species of Leucopholiota, L. lignicola, may be distinguished from L. decorosa by the following characteristics: free gills in L. lignicola compared with adnexed gills in L. decorosa; L. lignicola tends to grow on the wood of Birch, and preferably in old-growth forests; L. lignicola is restricted to boreal forest, compared to L. decorosa that grows in temperate regions; L. lignicola has a wide distribution throughout northern coniferous forests in Eurasia.
Habitat and distribution
Leucopholiota decorosa is a saprobic species, deriving nutrients from decaying organic matter, particularly the rotting branches and stumps of deciduous trees. One field guide notes a preference for sugar maple. It grows singly or in bunches, clustered together at the base of the stem. In Ohio, it typically fruits from late September to mid November.
In addition to its known distribution in mostly eastern North America, Leucopholiota decorosa has also been collected from France. In 2007, it was reported from the Astore District of Pakistan, at an altitude of about .
See also
List of Tricholomataceae genera
References
External links
Fungi described in 1873
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
Tricholomataceae
Taxa named by Charles Horton Peck
Kate Elizabeth Slatter OAM (born 10 November 1971; married name Kate Allen) is an Australian former rower, a sixteen time national champion, world champion and Olympic champion from Adelaide, South Australia.  They are a three-time Olympian who in 1996 won Australia's first Olympic gold in women's rowing.
Club and state rowing
Slatter began rowing at the Adelaide University Boat Club in 1989, and rowed in their victorious women's eight at the 1996 Australian University Games, two weeks after winning gold in Atlanta.
Slatter made their selection debut for South Australia in 1992 in the state women's coxless four to contest the ULVA Trophy at the Interstate Regatta within the Australian Rowing Championships. They raced in further South Australian women's coxless fours in 1993, 1996 and 1998 seeing a victory in 1996. In 1999 the blue riband women's heavy weight event at the Australian Interstate Regatta became an event for eights. Slatter stroked the first two South Australian women's eight which competed for the ULVA Trophy in 1999 and 2000.
In AUBC colours Slatter contested national titles at the Australian Rowing Championships on many occasions starting with their 1990 win of the U23 women's coxless four championship. In 1991 Slatter first competed at the national level with Megan Still when they contested the Australian women's pair championship title in an AIS composite crew. That same year Slatter and Still won two national senior championships together - the open women's coxless four and the open women's eight in an AIS crew but wearing AUBC colours. In 2000 they won the national coxless pairs championship title with Rachael Taylor. All told Slatter won sixteen Australian championship titles for either South Australia or the Adelaide University Boat Club.
International representative rowing
Slatter's first Australian representative selection came at age twenty and straight into the senior women's squad for the 1991 World Rowing Championships in Vienna. They were selected in the women's coxless four with Jodie Dobson, Emmy Snook and Megan Marcks. All four girls doubled up in the Australian women's eight.
The 1991 coxless four stayed together into the 1992 Olympic year and were selected to compete at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. They had to defeat France in a qualification regatta to get through. Then in the Olympic lead-up Marcks suffered a stress fracture of the rib affecting the crew's preparation. They made the Olympic final in the coxless four, a good result given their lack of international racing experience but finished in overall sixth place.
With Snook and Dobson changed out for Courtney Johnstone and Gina Douglas, Slatter and Marcks stayed together in the coxless four into 1993 and they competed at the 1993 World Rowing Championships in Racice where again they were last in the A final and achieved a sixth place. At the 1994 World Rowing Championships Slatter and Marcks were still in the coxless four and now with Alison Davies and Tory Toogood they rowed to a bronze medal. All four girls backed up in the Australian women's eight and with Slatter in the six seat, they rowed to a sixth-place finish.
In 1995 in their fifth year of rowing together Slatter and Marcks stepped into the Australian women's coxed pair. They were about to make Australian women's rowing history. At the 1995 World Rowing Championships in Tampere they won their heat, semi and the final claimed a world championship title and put their opponents on notice as to their Olympics aspirations. They also doubled up in the engine room - seated at three and four - of the women's eight who placed ninth overall.
At the 1996 Atlanta Olympics Marcks and Slatter in the coxless pair, prevailed over an equally fancied American crew with a 0.39 seconds margin to claim the first Olympic title by an Australian women's crew. It was a tremendous day for Australian rowing as the girls' gold medal was matched by the Oarsome Foursome of Ginn, Tomkins, McKay, Green and was supplemented by a silver medal from the men's coxless pair making it the best day for Australian rowing at an Olympic regatta till 2008.
Upon Marcks' 1996 retirement, Slatter was determined to go again and needed to find a new pair partner to build a campaign for Sydney 2000. They chose Rachael Taylor after rowing with them in the women's eight at various international competitions including the 1998 World Rowing Championships. Slatter competed in the eight and in a coxless four at two World Rowing Cups in Europe in 1998 and then in the eight to a fourth placing at Cologne 1998.
In 1999 Slatter and Rachael Taylor came together in the coxless pair. They raced at a World Rowing Cup and then at the 1999 World Rowing Championships in St Catharines to a bronze medal. In the 2000 Olympic year they raced with success at two World Rowing Cups in Europe before coming to Sydney. At the Sydney 2000 Olympics they placed second in their heat, won their repechage and placed second behind the Romanians in the Olympic final, beating out the US pair for the silver by 4/100ths of a second. Their racing at Sydney 2000 was in a shell named after Megan Marcks. It was a fitting end to a stellar representative career for Slatter.
Arguably Slatter was Australia's finest ever female rower until Kim Crow's dominance was established between 2012 and 2016.
Accolades
Slatter was awarded the Order of Australia medal for their rowing achievements.
In 2001, they were inducted into the Australian Institute of Sport 'Best of the Best'. In 2002, they were inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame.
References
External links
Australian Rowing History
Australian Institute of Sport
Adelaide University Boat Club
1971 births
Living people
Australian female rowers
People educated at Geelong Grammar School
Australian Institute of Sport rowers
Olympic medalists in rowing
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Rowers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
Chick flick is a slang term, sometimes used pejoratively, for the film genre catered specifically to women's interests, and is marketed toward women demographics. They generally tend to appeal more to a younger female audience and deal mainly with love and romance. Although many types of films may be directed toward a female audience, the term "chick flick" is typically used only in reference to films that contain personal drama and emotion or themes that are relationship-based (although not necessarily romantic, as films may focus on parent-child or friend relationships). Chick flicks often are released en masse around Valentine's Day. Feminists such as Gloria Steinem have objected to terms such as "chick flick" and the related genre term "chick lit", and a film critic has called it derogatory.
Definitions
Generally, a chick flick is a film designed to have an innate appeal to women, typically young women. Defining a chick flick is, as The New York Times has stated, more of a parlor game than a science. These films are generally held in popular culture as having formulaic, paint-by-numbers plot lines and characters. This makes usage of the term "problematic" for implying "frivolity, artlessness, and utter commercialism", according to ReelzChannel. However, several chick flicks have received high critical acclaim for their stories and performances. For example, the 1983 film Terms of Endearment received Academy Awards for Best Screenplay, Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress, and Best Actor in a Supporting Role. More recently, the film La La Land (called a chick flick in some circles), featuring both Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, won Best Actress at the Academy Awards. Both of these actors were well known for their roles in chick flicks before jumping to the academy level.
Some frequent elements of chick flicks include having a female protagonist, thematic use of the color pink (along with metaphorical allusions of the color), and romance and/or dating-based storylines. Longtime producer Jerry Bruckheimer has remarked about the plots, "How do you cope with money and love?"
Women are typically portrayed in chick flicks as sassy, noble victims, or klutzy twentysomethings. Romantic comedies (rom-coms) are often also chick flicks. However, rom-coms are typically respected more than chick flicks because they are designed to appeal to men and women.
Female MSN.com commentator Kim Morgan has written:
History
The term "chick flick" was not widely used until the 1980s and 1990s. It has its roots in the "women's pictures" of the early twentieth century, which portrays the woman as a victim and housewife, and later the film noir of the 1940s and early 1950s, which portrays the threat of sexualized women. In the 1950s, many women who were in the workforce during World War II faced the transition back into the home. Brandon French notes that the women's films of the 1950s "shed light on a different cluster of issues and situations women faced in their transition from the forties to the sixties: romance, courtship, work, marriage, sex, motherhood, divorce, loneliness, adultery, alcoholism, widowhood, heroism, madness, and ambition."
The 1961 film Breakfast at Tiffany's, commonly known as one of the "classic" films from the golden age of cinema, is sometimes considered an early chick flick due to common elements such as dealing with loneliness, obsessive materialism, and happy endings. Author Molly Haskell has suggested that chick flicks are very different from the women's films of the 1940s and 1950s in that they now "sing a different tune." They feel that they are "more defiant and upbeat, post-modern and post-feminist."
In the U.S. in the 1980s, a succession of teenage drama pictures also labeled as chick flicks were released, many by director John Hughes. These often had a different and more realistic tone than previous chick flicks, with dramatic elements such as abortion and personal alienation being included.
Several chick flicks have been patterned after the story of Cinderella and other fairy tales (e.g. A Cinderella Story, Ever After, and Pretty Woman), or even Shakespeare in the case of She's the Man and 10 Things I Hate About You. In addition, a large number are adapted from popular novels (e.g. The Princess Diaries and The Devil Wears Prada) and literary classics (e.g. Little Women). While most films that are considered chick flicks are lighthearted, some suspense films also fall under this category, such as What Lies Beneath.
After the blockbuster success of the 2008 drama/romance film Twilight, Paul Dergarabedian of Media By Numbers remarked, "[t]he word 'chick flick' is going to have to be replaced by big box-office girl-power flick" and that "[t]he box-office clout of the female audience is just astounding, and it's been an underserved audience for way too long". They also said, "they have no trouble finding money for the things they're passionate about." According to Fandango.com, more than 75% of Twilight opening-weekend audience was female.
Criticism of the term
The term chick flick has generated several negative responses from the modern feminist community. Most criticisms of the genre concentrate on the negative consequences that arise from gendering certain interests, in this case film. Author of The Chick Flick Paradox: Derogatory? Feminist? or Both?, Natalia Thompson, states that chick flicks are "an attempt to lump together an entire gender's interests into one genre."
While the tailoring of interests may seem helpful and natural, many critics argue that unnecessary gendering can have negative consequences on many different social groups. There is evidence from Russian social scientist Natal'ia Rimashevskaia that gender stereotypes further perpetuated by the media can lead to discrimination against women and limit their "human and intellectual potential."
More criticisms of the term arise from actual content of the films in the chick flick genre and how the content affects society's perception of women. Some say that chick flicks are micro-aggressions. Micro-aggressions are actions or exchanges that degrade a person based on their or their membership in a "race, gender, age, and ability."
Critique of the genre
Despite the genre's popular successes, some film critics take issue with the content most chick flicks have in common. Although the subcategories represent different plot lines, all five have several characteristics in common. Many chick flicks can have the "ironic, self-deprecating tone" which film theorist Hilary Radner associates with chick lit.
This tone is one of the defining characteristics of the genre, and many feel that it lacks substance compared to other genres. Radner also goes on to say the genre is "incredibly heteronormative and white-washed." These common characteristics of the genre can lead to criticism from minority groups and social-justice activists. More issues with the genre emerge from the opinion that chick flicks play to every woman's "patriarchal unconscious".
In their article Structural Integrity, Historical Reversion, and the Post-9/11 Chick Flick, Diane Negra focuses on several romantic comedies, deemed to be chick flicks, set in New York City after the attacks on September 11, 2001. They claim that the films "centralize female subjectivity but more compellingly undertake political work to stabilize national identity post-9/11." Political and social upheaval following the attacks led to a need for films that show the importance of protecting gender and family norms, or "ideological boundaries", as opposed to the emphasis on "survivalism" and "homeland security" used to protect national boundaries, seen in the action films at the time. Juxtaposed with the "politically innocent" genre of the pre-9/11 period, the films are rife with political undertones that are meant "to stabilize national identity post-9/11".
While most chick flicks center around a romantic conquest, Alison Winch ("We Can Have It All") writes about films they call "girlfriend flicks". These movies emphasize the relationships between friends instead of focusing on a love connection; examples include Bride Wars and Baby Mama.
According to Winch,
Winch also states that girlfriend flicks criticize "second wave feminism's superficial understanding of female solidarity" by showing "conflict, pain, and betrayal acted out between women". By emphasizing the "complexities of women's relationships", the girlfriend flick breaks the mold for the usual chick flick and allows the genre to gain a bit of depth.
Examples
The following films have been characterized as chick flicks by some commentators:
{{columns-list|colwidth=25em|
Love Story (1970)
The Way We Were (1973)
Grease (1978)
An Officer and a Gentleman (1982)
Valley Girl (1983)
Terms of Endearment (1983)
Sixteen Candles (1984)
Dirty Dancing (1987)
Beaches (1988)
Steel Magnolias (1989)
When Harry Met Sally... (1989)
Pretty Woman (1990)
Ghost (1990)
The Bodyguard (1992)
Sleepless in Seattle (1993)
Mad Love (1995)
Waiting to Exhale (1995)
Clueless (1995)
The First Wives Club (1996)
My Best Friend's Wedding (1997)
Titanic (1997)
There's Something About Mary (1998)
How Stella Got Them Groove Back (1998)
One True Thing (1998)
Practical Magic (1998)
You've Got Mail (1998)
10 Things I Hate about You (1999)
The Story of Us (1999)
Where the Heart Is (2000)
Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)
Legally Blonde (2001)
The Princess Diaries (2001)
Blue Crush (2002)
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (2003)
Mean Girls (2004)
The Notebook (2004)
A Cinderella Story (2004)
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (2005)
Aquamarine (2006)
The Devil Wears Prada (2006)
The Lake House (2006)
Hairspray (2007)
Enchanted (2007)
27 Dresses (2008)
Sex and the City (2008)
Twilight (2008)
The Proposal (2009)
Confessions of a Shopaholic (2009)
Bridesmaids (2011)
Fifty Shades of Grey (2015)
Tall Girl (2019)
}}
See also
Chick lit
Feminist film theory
Female buddy film
"Love means never having to say you're sorry"
Women in film
Women's cinema
Woman's film
October 3
References
Notes
Bibliography
Cook, Samantha. The Rough Guide to Chick-Flicks'', Rough Guides Ltd, 2006.
Erens, Patricia. Issues In Feminist Film Criticism. Bloomington : Indiana University Press, 1990. Print.
Ferriss, Suzanne, and Mallory Young. Chick Flicks: Contemporary Women at the Movies. New York: Routledge, 2008. Print.
French, Brandon. On the Verge of Revolt: Women in American Films of the Fifties. New York: Frederick Ungar Publishing Co., 1978. Print.
Kaplan, E. Ann. Women and Film: Both Sides of the Camera. New York: Methuen, 1983. Print.
McIntosh, Heather. "Representation of Women." Encyclopedia of Women in Today's World. Ed. Mary Zeiss Stange, Carol K. Oyster, and Jane E. Sloan. 1st ed. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE Publications, Inc., 2011. 1222–26. SAGE knowledge. Web. December 9, 2015.
Nance, Nicoletta C. "Implicit Bias." Encyclopedia of Human Services and Diversity. Ed. Linwood H. Cousins. Vol. 5 Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE Publications, Inc., 2014. 695–97. SAGE knowledge. Web. December 9, 2015.
Radner, Hilary. Neo-Feminist Cinema : Girly Films, Chick Flicks And Consumer Culture. New York: Routledge, 2011. Print.
Film genres
Depictions of women in film
Women's entertainment
Tmolus is a Neotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The genus was erected by Jacob Hübner in 1819.
Species
Tmolus crolinus Butler & H. Druce, 1872
Tmolus cydrara (Hewitson, 1868)
Tmolus echion (Linnaeus, 1767)
Tmolus mutina (Hewitson, 1867)
Tmolus ufentina (Hewitson, 1868)
Tmolus venustus (H. H. Druce, 1907)
References
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Dorothy Pearl Braxton (née Mason; 1 August 1927 – 3 September 2014) was the first female journalist from New Zealand to visit Antarctica. In February 1968, they travelled on the Magga Dan to the Ross Sea. They were also among the first women to visit Cape Hallett. They wrote a book, The abominable snow-women, about their trip.
Early life and education
Dorothy Braxton was born in Dunedin. The family moved to Bluff when their father, D. E. S. Mason, was appointed chief engineer of the Bluff Harbour Board.
They wrote stories from an early age and at six years old, had their first piece accepted by the children's editor of the Otago Daily Times. Later, they attended Southland Girls' High School in Invercargill and Columba College in Dunedin. At Southland Girls' High School, they started a student-led newspaper. This was during wartime when paper was in short supply, but Dorothy managed to persuade the Southland Daily News to donate the newsprint from their allocation.
At high school, Dorothy was told by the careers advisers that it was too hard for a girl to break into the male-dominated world of journalism. Despite this, they were accepted as a cadet reporter at The Southland Times. They later worked for the Southland News and the Christchurch Star and edited the New Zealand Home Journal magazine. In May 1965, they represented New Zealand at the first Asian-American Women Journalists' Conference in Honolulu.
In 1948, they married John Braxton, a fellow journalist, and they had two children, Barrie and Barbara.
Antarctica
Dorothy could remember scrambling around the rocks of Bluff Hill as a child, feeling “the wind blowing on my face straight from the South Pole” and imagining they were on the polar plateau "struggling with huskies and sledges". They said that “from the time I was old enough to realise that there was such a place as the Antarctic I had wanted to go there.”
They became a member of the New Zealand Antarctic Society in the 1960s and regularly sought to travel to the Antarctic. For ten years, they wrote annually to the Admiral in charge of the United States Naval Support Force, Antarctica, asking if they could have visiting privileges, but they were always turned down, often on the grounds that there were no facilities available for women. They also approached the Antarctic Division of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) but was rebuffed there as well. Geoffrey W. Markham, the Superintendent, said, “Taking a woman down to Scott Base, where we haven't facilities for them anyway, would be just like opening Pandora's box. And I'm not going to be the first to turn the key.”
Later, they recalled how they had “battled officialdom, asking only that we women be granted the same privileges as our male counterparts were given and be permitted to go to the ice”. Finally, in February 1968, they found a way around “the petticoat ban on women journalists working in the Antarctic”, thanks to Lars-Eric Lindblad, who had organised two tourist cruises to the Ross Sea and offered them a berth on board the Magga Dan.
By now, Dorothy and their family were living in Christchurch and they were working for the New Zealand Woman's Weekly. They regularly travelled around the South Island for their job, so the family was used to managing in their absence. Around this time Barbara, a teenager, was on a bus when they overheard two women talking about how “that Dorothy Braxton” was “going away again on another trip. This time to the Antarctic.” Them companion responded, “Those poor helpless children of hers. How a mother can just go away and leave a family to fend for themselves like that…”
Dorothy sailed on the second cruise, a month after Marie Darby (who sailed on both cruises) had become the first New Zealand woman to visit the Antarctic mainland. On this second trip, the Magga Dan with staff and 17 passengers on board sailed south via the Auckland Islands and Campbell Island; it visited the US bases at Cape Hallett and McMurdo Sound and New Zealand's Scott Base. Dorothy noted in their book that "Our boots implanted the first feminine footprints at Cape Hallett and the first in Victoria Land on the mainland of Antarctica" and they were especially proud that "a New Zealand name headed the list of feminine signatures" at the US base there. A highlight was the visit to Scott Base, described by Lars-Eric Lindblad as "the nicest place in all Antarctica". On the return trip, the Magga Dan passed by the Balleny Islands and called in at Macquarie Island.
Dorothy Braxton later wrote about the trip in their book The abominable snow-women. A reviewer called it “a very readable book for those who would like to see the Antarctic through a woman's eyes” and added that “most women readers in particular would find it interesting.”
Later work and career
The Braxton family lived in the Territory of Papua and New Guinea (now Papua New Guinea) in the early 1970s. Dorothy continued to work as a journalist in Australia and in 1991, they travelled to the Arctic, fulfilling a long-held desire to “go north and reach as close to 77° 52' north as I could get to match the 77° 52' south I had achieved on the voyage south on the Magga Dan” and to find out “how the Arctic differed from the Antarctic and what were the similarities.” They wrote about their trip in The Canberra Times, concluding that “both ends of the world are wild, remote and beautiful. Let us hope it stays that way.”
In 1998, they co-founded the Australian U3A Online Australia with Jack McDonell and Rick Swindell. In March 2011, they were granted an Honorary Life Membership in recognition of their work in establishing U3A Online.
Legacy
Dorothy Braxton was awarded the Centenary Medal and made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for services to adult education in 2001. They died in Australia on 3 September 2014, aged 87. A year after their death, three generations of their family travelled to Bluff to scatter their ashes at Stirling Point and to plant some trees in their memory at the Bluff Maritime Museum.
References
1927 births
2014 deaths
New Zealand journalists
New Zealand women journalists
People educated at Southland Girls' High School
New Zealand and the Antarctic
Writers from Dunedin
Members of the Order of Australia
New Zealand expatriates in Papua New Guinea
Tenny Svensson (born 21 September 1952) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.
Biography
Svensson played a 77-game opening round match against American John Andrews at the 1975 Wimbledon Championships, which they won 18–16 in the fifth set. The match went for 3 hours and 50 minutes. In their next match, against Onny Parun, they had to retire hurt in the second set. They made the quarter-finals in the men's doubles at the 1975 US Open, with Armistead Neely. Also in 1975, Svensson had a win over Björn Borg in a WCT tournament in Stockholm.
In the 1978 Davis Cup competition they represented the Sweden team in three ties. This included the Europe Zone final against Hungary, which Sweden won.
They won the Scandinavian Indoor Championships in 1979.
Now they work in a tennishall, called SALK-hallen and is a coach.
See also
List of Sweden Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Swedish male tennis players
Lumley v Wagner [1852] EWHC (Ch) J96 is an English contract law case, concerning the right to terminate performance of a contract.
Facts
Mlle Johanna Wagner was engaged by Benjamin Lumley to sing exclusively at Them Majesty's Theatre on Haymarket from 1 April 1852 for 3 months, two nights a week. Frederick Gye, who ran Covent Garden Theatre, offered them more money to break their contract with Mr Lumley and sing for him.
Sir James Parker granted an injunction to restrain Mlle Wagner. They appealed.
Judgment
Lord St Leonards LC, in the Court of Chancery, held the injunction did not constitute indirect specific performance of Wagner's obligation to sing. So an order could be granted that prohibited Mlle Wagner from performing further other than at Them Majesty's Theatre.
See also
English contract law
Lumley v Gye
Bettini v Gye
Involuntary servitude
Notes
References
English contract case law
1852 in case law
1852 in British law
Court of Chancery cases
Adenochilus nortonii, commonly known as the white gnome orchid, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to a few isolated locations in New South Wales. It has a long, thin underground rhizome, a single leaf and a single white flower with reddish glandular hairs on the outside. Its labellum has red bars and a central band of yellow calli.
Description
Adenochilus nortonii is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with a long, thin, horizontal rhizome and a single egg-shaped to lance-shaped leaf, long and wide with reddish spots on the lower surface. A single white flower long and wide is borne on the end of a flowering spike tall. The outer surface of the sepals and petals is covered with reddish glandular hairs. The dorsal sepal is broad elliptic in shape, long, wide and forms a hood over the labellum and column. The lateral sepals are long, wide and spread widely apart from each other. The petals are long, about wide and slightly erect. The labellum is strongly curved when viewed from the side, about long and wide, with three lobes with red bars. The middle lobe is narrow with a dense central band of yellow calli and the side lobes are broader. Flowering occurs in November and December.
Taxonomy and naming
Adenochilus nortonii was first formally described in 1876 by Robert FitzGerald from a specimen collected near Mount Victoria and the description was published in their book Australian Orchids. The specific epithet (nortonii) honours James Norton (1824-1906), an amateur botanist and friend of Fitzgerald.
Distribution and habitat
The white gnome orchid grows in rock crevices, in sphagnum and near creeks in beech forest, usually above . It is found in the Blue Mountains, Barrington Tops and Point Lookout areas.
References
nortonii
Plants described in 1876
Orchids of New South Wales
Jeon Woo-chi was a taoist sorcerer during Joseon dynasty in Korea.
Jeon Woo-chi may refer to:
Jeon Woo-chi: The Taoist Wizard, a 2009 South Korean film
Jeon Woo-chi (TV series), a 2012 South Korean TV series
Miggs may refer to:
Miss Miggs, character in Barnaby Rudge
Miggs (band)
Miggs Cuaderno
Edward Charles Hugler (born February 7, 1950) was the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Operations in the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of the Assistant Secretary for Administration and Management at the United States Department of Labor from April 2000 until March 2018. They served as Acting Secretary of Labor from February 2–24, 2009, when Hilda Solis's nomination by President Barack Obama became bogged down during Senate confirmation hearings. They stepped down from the position when Solis was confirmed and sworn in as Secretary of Labor. Ed Hugler also served as Acting Secretary of Labor from January 20, 2017, to April 28, 2017, when Alexander Acosta was confirmed and sworn into office.
As Deputy Assistant Secretary, Hugler oversaw day-to-day operations in the Department's Business Operations Center, Civil Rights Center, Emergency Management Center, Equal Employment Opportunity Office, Human Resources Center, Office of the Chief Information Officer, and the Security Center. From 1998 to 2000, they led the department-wide Year 2000 transition, preparing systems in the department's agencies for the year 2000, and managing associated contingency planning. They have also held posts in the Department's Mine Safety and Health Administration and Office of the Solicitor.
In 2015, Ed Hugler received the Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medal Award for Management Excellence.
References
|-
1950 births
Living people
Obama administration cabinet members
Trump administration cabinet members
United States Secretaries of Labor
John Bishop (born 1966) is an English comedian.
John Bishop may also refer to:
John Bisshop, MP for Gloucestershire from 1305 to 1313
John Bishop (MP), Member of Parliament (MP) for Wycombe in 1430
John Bishop (surgeon) (1797–1873), English surgeon and medical writer
John Bishop (19th century), body snatcher, one of the London Burkers
John Bishop (cricketer) (1891–1963), English cricketer
John Peale Bishop (1892–1944), American poet
John Bishop (academic) (1903–1964), Australian academic and conductor
John Bishop (editor), head of Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies, 1958–1974
John Bishop (screenwriter) (1929–2006), Broadway playwright and director and Hollywood screenwriter
J. Michael Bishop (born 1936), American immunologist and microbiologist
John Melville Bishop (born 1946), American documentary filmmaker
John Bishop (sportscaster), American play-by-play broadcaster
John Bishop, American jazz drummer and founder of Origin Records
John Bishop, founder of Dreamland Bar-B-Que
John Bishop, founder of US based motorsport sanctioning body, International Motor Sports Association
See also
John Climping (died 1262), medieval Catholic Bishop of Chichester, was also known as "John Bishop"
John Bishop House, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985
John Bishop Estlin (1785–1855), English ophthalmic surgeon
Radio Nationale is the national radio of Mauritania. Its headquarters are in Nouakchott, Mauritania, located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the Wilaya de Nouakchott headquarters and adjacent (west) to the Lycée de Garçons Nouakchott.
See also
Media of Mauritania
References
Nouakchott
Radio stations in Mauritania
"Secretaries' Day" is the 21st episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on May 3, 2007. The episode was written by Henry Alonso Myers and directed by Victor Nelli, Jr.
Plot
Betty and Hilda struggle with a dilemma; Ignacio needs to return to Mexico and apply for their visa so they can re-enter the country legally and apply for citizenship. However, the fare isn't cheap. Betty is also juggling with the task of planning MODE's big assistants' week, "Administrative Professionals' Day", or, as they prefer to call it, "Secretaries' Day". Betty has planned the party at The Middle Ages, a medieval-themed restaurant.
Later, at MODE, Betty talks to Daniel about their problems with sexual addiction and recommends ways for them to seek help. Betty brings in Tyler, a writer for Psychology Now, to help him, but Daniel refuses. Frustrated, they turn to Tyler, who passes them some pills to take every time they are tempted to have sex.
Everyone is looking forward to going to The Middle Ages, except Amanda, who shows their displeasure by making the MODE staff miserable. It turns out they used to be an actor and did an embarrassing commercial for The Middle Ages that gets played on a loop near the entrance.  They are afraid the other assistants will make fun of her, but when they arrive, they notice they were replaced in the video by a younger actor. Amanda gets upset and goes on an eating binge. The young actor later appears, saying their performance was an homage to Amanda's.
Meanwhile, Betty is still worried about the money for Ignacio's ticket. To get it, they decide to ride the restaurant's mechanical steed. They almost wins, but Nick throws something at them and they get knocked out. Furious, Henry challenges Nick to a joust. Unfortunately, Henry loses and says "I love you" to Betty right before passing out. Charlie arrives, sees Betty trying to wake Henry up and gets upset. They tell Betty to back off and takes Henry home. Christina tries to console Betty, who is confused and distraught. Nick starts mocking her, but Betty defends themselves by hitting them with a jousting staff. The following day, Betty gets a lot of respect from everyone at work for putting Nick in their place.
Alexis's relationship with Rodrigo continues going well, until they overhear them on the phone and finds out Bradford paid Rodrigo to seduce them and get them out of the country. Alexis decides to leave Rodrigo and, as the door to their hotel room shuts, they collapse sobbing on the floor. The next day, they make a phone call to ask about a problem they need "eliminated", as they tear up a picture of Alex and Bradford.
Meanwhile, Hilda has problems with their teacher at the cosmetology school. They constantly criticize Hilda on their looks and technique, prompting them to quit before the final. But thanks to advice from Justin and Ignacio, Hilda returns to school, faces their teacher, and passes the test.
Finally, Wilhelmina prepares for their plan to take over MODE and Meade Publications. They go to prison to visit Claire, who threatens to tell people about their affair with Bradford. Later in the evening, Wilhelmina calls Marc to come to the Meade Building. In the stairwell, they ask Marc to punch them until they get bruises. Marc is unsure at first, but ends up complying, making their tumble down the stairs. The next day, they tell Bradford that Claire hired three thugs to beat them up. Bradford decides to divorce Claire.
The day after the party, Daniel surprises Betty with first class tickets to Mexico for their whole family, saying they were a thoughtless boss. Betty is overcome with emotion and thanks Daniel with a hug. After they tell the family the good news, a model arrives, and smiles at Daniel, who takes a pill, as it appears that they may have moved on to a new addiction.
Production
This is the second episode in which stuntperson Anna Mercedes Morris would appear as a stunt double for America Ferrera's character in the scene when Betty was riding the mechanical bull. In addition, viewers hear Henry's last name, Grubstick, for the first time. Also, Lorraine Toussaint starts their recurring role as Amelia "Yoga" Bluman in this episode.
The episode also offered another showcase for actor Becki Newton who was interviewed in TV Guide the week this episode aired. Another clarification would be their character's last name. Originally thought to have been 'Tanner', Amanda's last name is revealed to be 'Tanen', as shown on the computer screen during their acting reel that they show Marc. In addition, The Middle Ages restaurant commercial is also a reference to Newton appearing in an Olive Garden commercial, which they did before joining "Ugly Betty." The Middle Ages is also a spoof of the Medieval Times chain.
Reception
In a review from Entertainment Weekly, Tanner Stransky wrote "Week after week, Ugly Betty continues to top itself. I mean, you gotta love an episode that features an Administrative Professionals Day party at a medieval-themed restaurant in Times Square (complete with a robotic horse); footage of Mandypants (a.k.a. Amanda) as a phone-sex operator, a bar wench, and a slutty nurse; and Claire Meade dishing with their transsexual daughter about the hotness of Brazilian men. It's like the guts of three Lifetime movies smashed together. But witty! And pretty! And addictive!"
The Recapist also echoed the same sentiments in their review.
Ratings
The episode was watched by 10.7 million viewers in the United States, an increase from the previous episode.
References
Also starring
Judith Light (Claire Meade)
Christopher Gorham (Henry Grubstick)
Jayma Mays (Charlie)
Max Greenfield (Nick Pepper)
Guest stars
Cristian de la Fuente (Rodrigo)
Maria Costa (Valerie)
David Noroña (Tyler Blake)
Rachel Roberts (Marla)
Shayna Rose (Replacement Serving Wench)
Jonathan Slavin (Squire Josh Weinstock)
Lorraine Toussaint (Yoga)
Joe Duer (Dr. Lorenzo)
Ugly Betty (season 1) episodes
2007 American television episodes
Locke Street is a Lower City collector road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off at Aberdeen Avenue as a two-way street going through the Locke Street shopping district up to Main Street where it then becomes a one-way street until it crosses King Street and becomes two-way again going north past Victoria Park and ends just past Barton Street West on Tecumseh Street, a road that winds West and leads to the back-end of Dundurn Park.
History
The origins of Locke Street's name can be traced back as early as 1840, when it was spelled "Lock"; by 1870 the spelling was standardized to "Locke." North of King Street West was known as Railway Street because it ran to the Great Western Railway yards. Locke Street North is mostly residential and in the 1800s most of the homes there belonged to the railway workers and their families.
Locke Street is a "street of churches" and a "hub for antique shops." The early churches were founded as follows:
1886: Locke Street Presbyterian Church
1891: Saint John the Evangelist Anglican Church
1893: Saint Joseph's Roman Catholic Church
1897: Immanuel Congregational Church
1897: Herkimer Street Baptist Church
Prior to 1853, just south of Herkimer Street on Locke was the site of the Beasley Racetrack. The racetrack was named after its owner and operator Richard Beasley (1761–1842), who was a soldier, political figure, farmer and business person. It was a popular spot featuring both trotting and steeplechase racing.
Just off Locke near Charlton, the Hamilton Amateur Athletic Association Grounds is a park that was home to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats from 1872–1949. Today it is also the site of the Hamilton Tennis Club. Before it was used for football, the park was the site of a cricket club, and in 1860 a racquet club was established near the present site of the Hamilton Tennis Club. In 1870, Locke South was described as a "sparsely populated mud track."
Despite rapid expansion of the city, Locke Street South was still an isolated area. On the other hand, Locke Street North continued with its residential growth and the development of Victoria Park and the opening of the Crystal Palace. The Crystal Palace opened up at Victoria Park on 20 September 1860 by Edward, Prince of Wales (who later became King Edward VII). It was home to the area's largest fall fair (agriculture exhibition) for many years. The Hamilton Herald reported on 22 September 1890 that "The Carnival of Venice, The Paris Exposition or the World's Fair in Chicago will be nowhere tomorrow when the great Central Fair is opened at the Crystal Palace Grounds in this city." The structure was demolished in 1891.
By 1885, Locke Street South began to grow, after a brick sewer was constructed and gas lines were laid. In 1889, Wesley Vollick, a cabinetmaker, built a small brick cottage that in 1924 became the Locke Street Library.
In 1890, The Hamilton Street Railway (HSR) built its western terminus on the northeast corner of Locke & Herkimer Streets. A two-storey tram building and horse barn which could accommodate up to 42 horses and 12 tram cars. As well, the Hamilton-Dundas Electric Railway line, nicknamed the "Dundas Dummy", travelled along Aberdeen Avenue and crossed over Locke Street South.
In 2000, Locke Street South celebrated its 150th anniversary.
In March 2018 a small group of people vandalized businesses on Locke Street in response to gentrification in Hamilton.
Festivals
Locke Street has festivals held throughout the year. One is called Spring Blooms on Locke, an annual festival that marks the end of winter and is also a fundraiser for sick children. The Locke Street Festival where each September the street is closed off for a day with live entertainment, street vendors, and food. The Christmas Open House celebrates the holidays with businesses open late, food, drink, and carollers each November.
References
MapArt Golden Horseshoe Atlas - Page 647 - Grids F11, G11, H11
External links
LockeStreetshops.com (Locke Street BIA)
Locke Street Festival
Kirkendall.ca (Kirkendall neighbourhood)
Google Maps: Locke Street (Hybrid)
Roads in Hamilton, Ontario
Cowdrey may refer to:
People
Sportspeople
Anne Cowdrey, 14th Lady Herries of Terregles (1938–2014), British racehorse owner
Charlie Cowdrey (1933–2011), American football coach
Chris Cowdrey (born 1957), English cricketer, the son of Colin Cowdrey
Colin Cowdrey (1932–2000), English cricketer
Fabian Cowdrey (born 1993), English cricketer, the son of Chris Cowdrey
Graham Cowdrey (born 1964), English cricketer, the son of Colin Cowdrey
Matt Cowdrey (born 1988), Australian swimmer
Other people
Albert E. Cowdrey (born 1933), American author
H. E. J. Cowdrey (1926–2009), English historian of the Middle Ages
Other
Cowdrey Cricket Club, an amateur cricket club in Tonbridge, Kent, named after Colin Cowdrey
Cowdrey, Colorado, United States
Cowdrey House, an historic house in Yellville, Arkansas
George Cowdrey House, an historic house in Stoneham, Massachusetts
Lake Cowdrey, a lake in Minnesota
The 1957–58 Copa México was the 41st edition of the Copa México and the 15th staging in the professional era.
The competition started on March 2, 1958, and concluded on April 15, 1958, with the replay of the Final, held at the Estadio Olímpico de la Ciudad de los Deportes in Mexico City, in which León defeated Zacatepec 5–2.
Preliminary round
|}
Final round
References
Copa MX
1957–58 in Mexican football
1958 domestic association football cups
The Sunbathers, originally titled “Sunbathing Group” is a sculpture by Hungarian artist Peter Laszlo Peri, made for the Festival of Britain in 1951. After the Festival closed, the sculpture disappeared and it was presumed to be lost. After being rediscovered in 2016, the restored sculpture was initially put on display in the Royal Festival Hall on the South Bank, before being put on display in London Waterloo, a major railway termini in 2020.
History
Festival of Britain
Hungarian born artist Peter Laszlo Peri was invited to produce a sculpture for the Festival of Britain - a national exhibition and fair held in 1951 on the South Bank of the River Thames in London.
Their first proposal titled 'Reflections' was deemed too big for the site and they eventually contributed 'Sunbathing Group'. Two reclining figures mounted directly on the wall as if seen by the viewer from above. This inverted orientation, which Peri often used and termed “horizontal sculpture” in accordance with the viewers relationship to the work, has its roots in the disorientating aerial perspectives of 1920s New Vision photography and Constructivist visual theory.
The full-size concrete work, made from "Peri-crete" a continuation of the artist's Constructivist interest in the use of new materials, was mounted on a wall at the entrance to the festival site on the South Bank, at the gate on York Road near Waterloo station. Dylan Thomas mentioned the sculpture in an essay written after they visited the Festival, as "the linked terra-cotta man and woman fly-defying gravity and elegantly hurrying up a W.C. wall". The sculpture disappeared after the exhibition closed, and it was believed to have been lost.
Rediscovery
When Historic England held an exhibition of lost art in 2016, the work was rediscovered in pieces at The Clarendon Hotel in Blackheath. A former proprietor of the hotel, Joseph O'Donnell purportedly bought the work at an auction in the 1950s or the 1960s, although there are no records of how this publicly commissioned sculpture fell into private hands. Mr O' Donell displayed it at their previous hotel, the Westcombe Park Hotel, later moving it to their new hotel in Blackheath, where it was displayed on a patio in the hotel garden, and used as a children's climbing frame. The work deteriorated and was later removed from public display.
A campaign to restore the sculpture raised £15,000 in 5 days, with contributions from the Heritage Lottery Fund, NESTA and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. The work was restored by Tessa Jackson of Jackson Sculpture Conservation Ltd. After restoration, it returned to the Southbank Centre, and was displayed in public at the Royal Festival Hall for three years. In August 2020, the sculpture was put on public display for five years at London Waterloo, a major railway terminus. The new site is closer to the (now demolished) wall that the sculpture was mounted during the Festival of Britain.
References
External links
Lost Festival of Britain Sculpture Found, Historic England, 21 April 2017
Festival of Britain Sculpture Returns to London Waterloo, Historic England, 24 August 2020
Festival of Britain
1951 sculptures
Concrete sculptures
Insides are an English post-rock duo, consisting of members Kirsty Yates (vocals and bass) and Julian Tardo (guitar and programming).
Following the disbandment of their previous band Earwig, Yates and Tardo formed Insides in 1992 and released their debut album, Euphoria, on the 4AD imprint Guernica in November 1993. Euphoria was met with critical acclaim, including being named as one of the year's best albums by Melody Maker. Insides departed 4AD following the release of their second album Clear Skin in 1994 and released their third album Sweet Tip in 2000 on Third Stone Records. The duo disbanded following the album's release and remained inactive for the remainder of the decade.
In a 2011 interview, Tardo indicated that they and Yates were interested in recording new Insides music. The duo returned in July 2016 with the release of a new song, "Ghost Music".
In 2020, Insides issued their first album for two decades when Soft Bonds was released.
Discography
Albums
Euphoria (1993)
Clear Skin (1994)
Sweet Tip (2000)
Soft Bonds (2020)
References
4AD artists
English indie rock groups
English post-rock groups
Dream pop musical groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups established in 2000
Musical groups reestablished in 2016
Talat Iqbal Mahesar is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-233 (Dadu-III) as an independent candidate in 2002 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 269 and lost the seat to Liaquat Ali Jatoi. In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as an independent candidate from Constituency PS-77 (Dadu-VII) but was unsuccessful. They received 99 votes and lost the seat to Sadaqat Ali Jatoi, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-233 (Dadu-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 83,493 votes and defeated Ihsan Ali Jatoi, a candidate of PML-Q.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mossuril District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique. The principal town is Mossuril.
Mossuril is a coastal district located in the Bay of Mossuril. It is eight kilometres from Mozambique Island by boat or approximately 51 kilometres by road. The district is said to be home to the oldest surviving European building in the Southern Hemisphere, the church of 'Nossa Senhora dos Remédios' in the village of Cabaceira. The beaches of Chocas Mar, at the far tip of the district, are also a popular tourist attraction.
The Mossuril Film Festival (Portuguese: Festival Fim do Caminho) is an annual film festival held in Mossuril, Mozambique Island and Nampula, headquartered in Mossuril.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Mossuril Film Festival - website
Districts in Nampula Province
Parciau is a hamlet in the community of Llaneugrad, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 136 miles (218.9 km) from Cardiff and 215 miles (346.1 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The University District (or University Area), is a area located north of Downtown Columbus, Ohio that is home to the main campus of Ohio State University, the Battelle Institute, and Wexner Medical Center. It is generally accepted as the area bounded to the north by Clintonville at Glen Echo Ravine; to the south by the Short North at 5th Avenue; to the west by the Olentangy River and to east by the Conrail railroad tracks. Points of interest include, but are not limited to, the Ohio Stadium and Old North Columbus. The district is Columbus' most densely populated area and contains more than 650 businesses, human service agencies, churches, and schools. University District businesses include boutiques, mixed retail, several tattoo studios, the Gateway Film Center, and a diverse range of restaurants and bars.
Neighborhoods
The University District comprises many diverse neighborhoods, each with its own unique housing stock and cultural identity. There are a variety of pleasant residential neighborhoods, several historic districts as well as the off-campus core student neighborhood.
The residential neighborhood with higher concentrated rental property and student housing is located east of High Street south of 17th Avenue and north of 11th Avenue. This is often referred to as the off-campus neighborhood, and, in the past ten years, it has gone through considerable redevelopment and revitalization as a result of the work of Campus Partners. The center of it is the University District Central, which ranges from 13th to 18th Avenues, west of N. Fourth Street.
Old North Columbus, commonly referenced as the general area north of Woodruff, east to Silver Drive, west to the Olentangy River Road, and north to Slate Run, was once the village of North Columbus that was platted in 1842. Old North Columbus includes several smaller neighborhoods within these general boundaries, including the Iuka Ravine and Indianola Forest (Lane Avenue to Woodruff Avenue, between High Street and N. Fourth Street), Oakland & Northwood Avenue Area (Patterson Avenue to Northwood Avenue, between Pearl Alley and Indianola Avenue), Tuttle Park, and Glen Echo (north of Hudson Street and east of Indianola). Old North Columbus was home several historic Columbus Public Schools, such as Northwood Elementary (closed in the 1980s?), Medary Elementary (closed in 2006), North High (closed 1970s), and the Special Education Center. Old North has several parks, such as Tuttle, Glen Echo, Maynard & Summit, Iuka Ravine, and Indianola Middle School, as well as multiple churches, restaurants, and other small businesses.
The southern area of the University District also has a higher density of homeownership and includes land west of High Street, ranging from Fifth Avenue to 11th Avenue (The Circles, Dennison Place, and NECKO),* as well as land on the east side of High Street, ranging from Fifth Avenue to 12th Avenue (Weinland Park).
History
Inception
The University District (or University Area) was not originally part of the city of Columbus. Platted in 1812 as a new city to be the State capital, Columbus was a small town until late in the nineteenth century. One of the major events in the evolution of the area was the decision to locate the State Agricultural College Grounds (Ohio State University) on the site of the Neil farm in 1870, south of the community of North Columbus. The university grew slowly at first, but began to expand significantly under the presidency of William Oxley Thompson from 1900 to 1925.
As the area grew, fashionable residential suburbs grew up around the campus in places like the Dennison Addition and the Indianola subdivision with its curved roads and ravine. In the 1890s the streetcar transformed the area allowing middle-class people to more easily live in the University Area and make the thirty-minute journey to work in downtown Columbus.
Indianola Park
Indianola Park was an amusement park that operated in the University District from 1905 to 1937. It was the biggest draw of the region, and streets carts took people to and from the location. The park peaked in popularity in the 1910s, entertaining crowds of up to 10 thousand with the numerous roller coasters and rides, with up to 5 thousand in the massive pool alone. The park was also the home field for the Columbus Panhandles for half of a decade. In the 1920s, new owners bought and remodeled the park, and it did well until it closed its doors at the end of the Great Depression.
Population explosion
Up until the end of World War II, the University Area was occupied by more homeowners than renters. That fact changed with the return of thousands of veterans from the war. The population in the University Area quadrupled.
To house the growing population, high rise dormitories were built at both ends of the main campus and hundreds of owner occupied houses were either converted to rooming houses, rental units, or were torn down to make way for apartment buildings. The increased density gave rise to problems around vehicular congestion, crime, and litter.
To cope with these problems, a number of organizations came into being: the University Community Association, an umbrella for the neighborhood organizations in the area; the University District Organization, a neighborhood planning and development organization; the University Community Business Association, the voice of economic enterprise in the area; and the University Area Commission, an advisory commission to Columbus City Council.
University Area Commission
The University Area Commission (UAC) as an administrative unit was created in 1972 by an act of the Columbus City Council. The University Area Commission is a voluntary, elected, citizens advisory board. In creating the city's first area commission, Columbus City Council delegated certain development oversight and planning responsibilities to stakeholders living in the communities affected by council decisions. Accordingly, new development plans are generally submitted first to an area commission and then to the city council for approval.
The UAC oversees development in what the city refers to as "the university area", bounded in the west by the Olentangy River, in the north by Glen Echo Ravine, in the east by the Conrail line, and in the south by 5th avenue. The Ohio State University itself expands north and west over the Olentangy River for several miles and into Upper Arlington.
Development
The City of Columbus has designated portions of the University District as a Community Reinvestment Area that is "ready for revitalization", with available 15-year, 100 percent tax abatements for all projects that include 10 percent affordable housing, with options to buy out of the requirement.
Gallery
Notable residents
Writers and artists
George Bellows, artist
Milton Caniff, cartoonist
Harlan Ellison, writer
Roy Lichtenstein, artist
R.L. Stine, writer
James Thurber, humorist/cartoonist
Jay DeMarcus, musician
Astronauts
Charles Bassett, astronaut
Nancy Currie, astronaut
Richard Linnehan, astronaut
Ronald Sega, astronaut
Inventors
Cromwell Dixon, inventor and aviator
Charles Kettering, inventor
Roy Plunkett, inventor
Viral Celebrities
Ted Williams, former homeless man, radio personality
References
External links
University Area Commission
University District Organization
Neighborhoods in Columbus, Ohio
Ohio State University
Student quarters
Chi Kraeng District is a district located in Siem Reap Province, in north-west Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 106,727.
Administrative divisions
References
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
Andrija "Andro" Knego (born 21 October 1956) is a Croatian former professional basketball player.
Professional career
During their club career, Knego was the FIBA Saporta Cup Finals Top Scorer, in 1982.
Yugoslavian national team
Knego played with the senior Yugoslavian national basketball team at the 1976 Summer Olympics, the 1980 Summer Olympics, and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
Italian League Profile
Spanish League Profile
1956 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Croatian men's basketball players
KK Cibona players
Lega Basket Serie A players
Liga ACB players
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Basketball players from Dubrovnik
Yugoslav men's basketball players
1978 FIBA World Championship players
1982 FIBA World Championship players
FIBA World Championship-winning players
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Competitors at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
Centers (basketball)
Nils Lagerlöf (born August 14, 1995) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey defenceman. They last played for the Kallinge-Ronneby IF of the Hockeyettan.
Lagerlöf made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2014–15 SHL season.
References
External links
1995 births
Frölunda HC players
Living people
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
People from Karlskrona
Sportspeople from Blekinge County
St. Joseph County, commonly called St. Joe County by residents, is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 272,912, making it the fifth-most populous county in Indiana. Formed in 1830, it was named for the St. Joseph River which flows through it to Lake Michigan. The county seat is South Bend. St. Joseph County is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka, IN-MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.23%) is land and (or 0.77%) is water.
Cities
Mishawaka
South Bend
Towns
Indian Village
Lakeville
New Carlisle
North Liberty
Osceola
Roseland
Walkerton
Census-designated places
Granger
Notre Dame
Other unincorporated places
Ardmore
Chain-O-Lakes
Colburn
Crumstown
Dreamwold Heights
Georgetown
Gilmer Park
Gulivoire Park
Hamilton
Lydick
Midway Corners
Nutwood
Olive
Pleasant Valley
State Line
Tamarack Grange
Terre Coupee
Westfield
Woodland
Wyatt
Zeigler
Townships
Centre
Clay
German
Greene
Harris
Liberty
Lincoln
Madison
Olive
Penn
Portage
Union
Warren
Adjacent counties
Berrien County, Michigan (north)
Cass County, Michigan (northeast)
Elkhart County (east)
Marshall County (south)
Starke County (southwest/CST Border)
LaPorte County (west/CST Border)
Major highways
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in South Bend have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1943 and a record high of was recorded in July 1934. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains several courts: the Circuit Court that hears primarily civil matters and some criminal cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a licensed attorney in good standing. The judge is assisted by three magistrates appointed by the judge. The Superior Court hears both civil and criminal cases, including small claims and traffic/misdemeanor cases. There are eight judges appointed to the Superior Court by the Governor of Indiana. They are assisted by four magistrates who handle the small claims and traffic/misdemeanor dockets. The Probate Court hears juvenile cases, child abuse or neglect cases, along with probate matters. The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a licensed attorney in good standing. The judge is assisted by three magistrates and one commissioner (similar to a magistrate) who are appointed by the judge. Decisions from these courts can be appealed to the Indiana Court of Appeals.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
St. Joseph County is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district and was represented by Jackie Walorski unitl their death in August 2022 in the United States Congress and is currently vacant. Indiana's US Senators are Mike Braun and Todd Young.
St. Joseph County hasn't voted for a popular vote loser since 1976, tied for the longest streak in the country with Caddo Parish, Louisiana, and Rockland County, New York. In 2016 and 2000, it voted for Hillary Clinton and Al Gore, respectively, both of whom lost the electoral college but won the popular vote.
Since the Civil War, it only voted for popular vote losers in 1876, 1968, and the asupervisorstioned 1976. In 1876 Rutherford B. Hayes won the election without winning the popular vote.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 266,931 people, 103,069 households, and 66,365 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 114,849 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 78.7% white, 12.7% black or African American, 1.9% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 3.4% from other races, and 2.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 7.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.3% were German, 15.5% were Irish, 12.0% were Polish, 8.5% were English, and 4.5% were American.
Of the 103,069 households, 32.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.1% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.6% were non-families, and 29.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 36.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $57,510. Males had a median income of $45,269 versus $31,667 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,082. About 10.7% of families and 14.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.7% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
Education
K-12 schools
School districts include:
John Glenn School Corporation
Mishawaka School City
New Prairie United School Corporation
Penn-Harris-Madison School Corporation
South Bend Community School Corporation
Union-North United School Corporation
Public high schools in the county include:
John Adams High School (South Bend district)
Clay High School (South Bend district)
James Whitcomb Riley High School (South Bend district)
Washington High School (South Bend district)
Mishawaka High School (Mishawaka district)
Penn High School (Penn-Harris district)
Private schools
Catholic schools on this list are operated by or associated with the Roman Catholic Diocese of Fort Wayne–South Bend
Christ the King [Grades K-8]
Corpus Christi [Grades K-8]
Covenant Christian School [Grades K-8]
Granger Christian School [Grades K-12]
Holy Cross Elementary [Grades K-8]
Holy Family Elementary [Grades K-8]
Ironwood Christian School [Grades K-12]
Mishawaka Catholic School (St. Bavo Campus, St. Joseph Campus & St. Monica Campus) [Grades ECD-8]
Michiana Christian School [Grades K-5]
Mishawaka First Baptist School [Grades K-12]
Marian High School [Grades 9-12]
North Liberty Christian School [Grades K-5]
Our Lady of Hungary [Grades K-8]
Queen of Peace School [Grades K-6]
Resurrection Lutheran Academy [Grades Pre K-8]
St. Adalbert Elementary [Grades K-8]
St. Anthony de Padua School [Grades K-8]
St. John the Baptist Elementary [Grades K-8]
St. Joseph Grade School [Grades K-8]
St. Jude Elementary [Grades K-8]
St. Mary of the Assumption School [Grades K-8]
St. Matthew Elementary [Grades K-8]
St. Patrick School [Grades K-6]
St. Pius X School [Grades Pre K-8]
South Bend Christian Center [Grades K-12]
South Bend Junior Academy [Grades K-8]
South Bend St. Joseph's High School [Grades 9-12]
Stanley Clark School [Grades K-8]
Trinity School at Greenlawn [Grades 6-12]
Colleges & universities
Bethel College
Brown Mackie College (closed in 2017)
Holy Cross College
Indiana University South Bend
Ivy Tech North Central
St. Mary's College
University of Notre Dame
St. Joseph County Public Library
History
The St. Joseph County Public Library was founded in 1889. Originally known as the South Bend Public Library, it was founded by the South Bend School Corporation and managed by Evelyn Humphries out of a floor of the Oliver Opera House. Humphries soon secured funding for the building of the Main Library which opened to the public in 1896. It was known as "The Castle" due to its unique architecture.
In 1902, Virginia Tutt became the second library director. They opened the first library branch in Washington High School in 1918, which often served as a community center for Polish and Hungarian immigrants. The Betty Ruth Spiro Memorial Library replaced "The Castle" in 1959 as the new main library building in downtown South Bend. This building served the community until its renovation in 1992 led to a fire and subsequent damage from smoke and fire sprinklers. The renovation continued and the library was able to open 7 days later thanks to help from the community.
In 2016, Main Library began looking at the need for an expanded space in downtown South Bend to meet the needs of the growing community. After working with consultants and architects, it was decided in October 2018 that Main Library will expand to include a community learning center, renovated exterior, and inner courtyard. St. Joseph County is considering cutting the library's funding by almost $500,000 a year. As a result, on September 5, 2019, hundreds of residents protested in the streets, and all library branches closed early. Overflow crowds backed the county council meeting to show their support for the library.
Branches
Main Library
Centre Township Branch
Francis Branch
German Township Branch
Lakeville Branch
LaSalle Branch
North Liberty Branch
River Park Branch
Tutt Branch
Western Branch
Library Services
Studio 304
Technology hub where patrons can explore 3-D printing, poster printing, iPads, Adobe Creative Suite, gaming, virtual reality rigs, and recording rooms.
Local and Family History
Books, newspapers, yearbooks, magazines, and other items of local significance can be examined. Online archives and genealogical websites are also available to reference in the creation of family trees.
Databases
SJCPL subscribes to over 50 databases that can aid in research, education, grant writing, and business development.
Homebound Delivery
Library staff members will bring library materials directly to your home if requested.
See also
List of public art in St. Joseph County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Joseph County, Indiana
References
External links
St. Joseph County Public Library
St. Joseph County Website
Indiana counties
1830 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1830
South Bend – Mishawaka metropolitan area
Yun Tu Hai Pyar Bohut () is a Pakistani television series directed and produced by Kashif Saleem under banner Film Factory, written by Aliya Bukhari and aired on Hum TV. It stars Hira Mani and Affan Waheed in lead roles. It marked their third on-screen appearance after Do Bol and Ghalati. The serial received praise for its strong writing and progressive themes.
Plot
Aima is a young ambitious girl, studying law and is the sole breadwinner of their family. They live with their mother and younger sister, Naji who is immature and somehow irresponsible. Aima is in love with their cousin Zain and vice versa, but unlike their Zain is not too excited and ambitious about their aspirations to become a singer. Aima's father Mohsin married Roohi and left Aima's mother years ago. Mohsin has a daughter, Sonia who is fond of music and their mother is worried about them Sonia comes across Zain in a school where both of them work and become friends.
Due to Zain's careless behaviour, Aima stops seeing them and moves on. They get a job and assists a senior lawyer. Zain also moves to Lahore for better opportunities. In Lahore they live with a couple Maqsood and Deena and their little son Sarwaar (Saru).
Cast
Main
Affan Waheed as Zain
Hira Mani as Aima
Recurring
Sabeena Syed as Sonia
Javaid Sheikh as Mohsin
Nadia Hussain as Roohi
Abeer Sajid as Nazi/ Nazreen
Akhtar Hasnain as Rehan
Komal Rizvi as Noor
Muneeb Baig
Hina Chaudhary as Beena
Mariam Mirza as Talat
Fawad Jalal as Sarwar
Qaiser Khan Nizamani as Advocate
Rizwan Ali Jaffri as Fakher
Faisal Masood
Abdullah (child star)
Soundtrack
The original Playback Singers soundtrack is sung by Jibran Raheel Hira Mani and Ayaz Sheikh composed by AD Studio on lyrics of SK Khalish.
Playback Singer Ayaz Sheikh Sung Slow Version and Promo Version - Playback Singer Jibran Raheel Sung Main Version - Playback Singer Hira Mani Sung - Slow Version
Production
Broadcast
There were several discussions laid on its time slot, previously it was announced that the show will premier on May 21, 2021, airing an episode on Fridays at 9pm slot. Later, it was switched to Mondays and Tuesdays at 8pm slot by replacing Safar Tamam Howa as it came to an end. After the starting of the drama serial Parizaad, it shifted to only Mondays at 8pm. But then again timings changed and Aakhir Kab Tak, which used to air on Sundays started to air on Mondays because of Hum Kahan Ke Sachay Thay and Yun Tu Hai Pyar Bohut shifted to Fridays at 8pm.
References
External links
Official website
Pakistani romantic drama television series
Urdu-language television shows
2021 Pakistani television series debuts
Hum TV original programming
2021 Pakistani television series endings
Pakistani drama television series
KSC Commercial Internet (KSC) was founded in 1994 as a joint venture between Internet Knowledge Service Center (IKSC) and the Communications Authority of Thailand.
KSC was the first commercial Internet Service Provider in Thailand. The year that followed KSC played a major role in building Thailand's internet infrastructure. In 2008 KSC increase the ability of the company to invest as Internet Service and Business Solution Provider.
References
External links
KSC website
KSC webmail
Telecommunication companies of Thailand
Internet service providers of Thailand
Telecommunication companies established in 1994
1994 establishments in Thailand
Mieszko I of Cieszyn (, , ; also known as Mieszko I of Opole; 1252/56 – by 27 June 1315), was a Duke of Racibórz during 1282–1290 (with their brother as co-ruler) and the first Duke of Cieszyn since 1290 until their death.
They were the oldest son of Władysław, Duke of Opole-Racibórz, by their wife Euphemia, daughter of Władysław Odonic, Duke of Greater Poland.
Life
Early years
Little is known about the early years of Mieszko I's life. Their first documented mention was on 21 October 1258, when they appear together with their father and two younger brothers in the consent of the foundation of a Cistercian abbey in Rudy.
Duke of Racibórz
After their father's death in 1282, and according to the custom during the fragmentation of Poland, Mieszko and their brothers divided the Duchy of Opole-Racibórz between them: Mieszko and their youngest brother Przemysław received together the district of Racibórz as co-rulers. The other two brothers, Casimir and Bolko I, received Opole. Because Przemysław was still a minor at that time, Mieszko ruled alone until they attained their majority, in 1284.
In 1285 Mieszko politically supported the Bishop of Wrocław, Thomas II Zaremba against Henry IV Probus, providing shelter to the Bishop in Raciborz. Their politics against Henry IV were reinforced when the Duke of Wrocław repudiated their wife Constance —sister of Mieszko— and sent them back to their homeland. Another consequence of Mieszko's politics was an armed expedition of Henry IV in 1287 against Racibórz, who was sieged. Then Mieszko was forced to refuse their help to the Bishop.
Duke of Cieszyn
In 1290 the division was made of the Duchy of Racibórz: Przemysław retained Racibórz and Mieszko obtained the rule over the districts of Cieszyn, Oświęcim and Zator. The first time that they signed themselves as Duke of Cieszyn was on 1 January 1290.
In internal politics they pursued vigorous policies. Mieszko carried out intensive colonizing policies and founded many settlements. They also gave city rights to several towns: Cieszyn, Oświęcim (in 1291), Bielsko, Skoczów and Fryštát. On 10 November 1292 they granted the city rights to Zator.
Struggles for the Throne of Kraków
Mieszko refused to support any of the Piast pretenders to the Polish throne (Henry IV Probus, Przemysł II and Władysław I the Elbow-high). Instead they stood alongside King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia. On 17 January 1291 the formal agreement was signed in Olomouc which formed the alliance between the Bohemian Kingdom, Mieszko and their two brothers Casimir and Przemysław. Mieszko eventually swore homage to King Wenceslaus II, although the exact date was still debatable; the most accepted date by historians was 11 August 1292.
Despite their alliance, Mieszko didn't take an active part in Wenceslaus II's campaign against Władysław I the Elbow-high in 1292; however, they put their army at the King's disposal and later took part in the Battle of Siewierz. Mieszko was present at the coronation of Wenceslaus II as King of Poland in Gniezno in 1300. After the death of Wenceslaus II in 1305, Mieszko continued to support the Přemyslid dynasty in the person of Wenceslaus III, son and successor of Wenceslaus II.
On 5 October 1305, Mieszko obtained their major victory when their daughter Viola Elisabeth married King Wenceslaus III. This union was a chance for Mieszko to make themselves one of the most powerful figures in Bohemia, and they even began some attempts to obtain the Polish crown.
However, Mieszko's promising career ended suddenly with the murder of Wenceslaus III (Olomouc, 4 August 1306). Viola Elisabeth never bore Wenceslaus III any children and the Přemyslid dynasty became extinct.
After 1306 the political activity of Mieszko almost disappeared. Is unknown why this happened, because at that time they were only around fifty-years-old and was still considered young enough. The government of the Duchy was increasingly absorbed by their sons Wladyslaw and Kazimierz. The only sign of their political activities during this time was the lease of the Czech city of Kęty to the Bishop of Kraków, Jan Muskata, a strong opposer to the rule of Władysław I the Elbow-high in Greater Poland. However, in contrast to their brother Bolko I, Mieszko didn't support the Rebellion of wójt Albert in 1311.
Donations to the Church
Mieszko was known for their generosity to the church. Thanks to him, the construction was completed of the Dominican convent at Oświęcim (shortly after 1283). Also, they financially assisted the monastery of Czarnowąsy near Opole and in the Dominican of Cieszyn.
Death
Mieszko's exact date of death is unknown. Diplomatic sources suggest that they died in 1314 or in the first half of 1315, before 27 June. They were probably buried in the Dominican church in Cieszyn. In 1931 the Polish painter and sculptor Jan Raszka made a sculpture of Mieszko I in Cieszyn.
Marriage and issue
According to some sources, Mieszko's wife died around 1303, but their name is unknown. The Obituary of the Church of St. Vincent in Wrocław showed the existence of a certain "Grzymisława, Duchess of Opole" (Grimizlaua ducissa Opuliensis) who was buried there around 13 September 1286. Them parentage is also unknown, but their name suggests a Russian origin, probably member of the Rurikids. Them title suggests that they may have been the wife of Mieszko I or the first wife of Bolko I (Mieszko I's brother), or maybe a completely different person.
Also, the exact date of their marriage was uncertain, but after a further reconstruction of their children's birth dates, was placed between 1275 and 1280. They had three children:
Władysław (born 1275/80 – d. by 15 May 1324)
Casimir I (born 1280/90 – d. by 29 September 1358)
Viola Elisabeth (born ca. 1291 – d. 21 September 1317), married on 5 October 1305 to King Wenceslaus III of Bohemia
Footnotes
References
|-
1252 births
1256 births
1315 deaths
Dukes of Teschen
Piast dynasty
Route 145 is a short highway in Mercer County, Missouri. Its northern terminus is at Route B; its southern terminus is at U.S. Route 136. There are no towns on the route.
Route description
Route 145 begins at an intersection with US 136 west of Princeton, heading north on a two-lane undivided road. The route passes through agricultural areas with some trees, curving northwest and running to the east of Lake Paho. The road heads west and crosses the lake, continuing through more rural areas. Route 145 comes to its northern terminus at an intersection with Route B.
History
This highway was designated as Route 136 by 1950, but was renumbered to Route 145 in 1951 when US 136 was created in Missouri.
Major intersections
References
145
Transportation in Mercer County, Missouri
The International Music Festival of F. L. Vek () is a festival of classical music in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
The International Music Festival of F. L. Vek was founded in 2011 in Dobruška. In the name of the festival's name of personality František Vladislav Hek, native from Dobruška, patriot, writer, musician and composer. Alois Jirásek had used autobiography of Hek in the novel F. L. Věk, filmed by Czech Television. Festival has been held under the auspices of many Czech personalities (Jiří Bělohlávek). Organizer is MAS Pohoda venkova and the Town of Dobruška, Artistic Director is Pavel Svoboda.
Venue of concerts
The festival takes place in:
Church of Holy Spirit, Dobruška
Church of Saint Wenceslaus, Dobruška
Husův sbor, Dobruška
Showroom of Servisbal Obaly company, Dobruška
Cultural house in Solnice
Church of Saint Procopius, Přepychy
Church of Saint Mary Magdalene, Deštné v Orlických horách
Evangelical church, Bohuslavice
Opočno Castle
Soloists and orchestras
Radek Baborák - French horn, Jiří Bárta – Cello, Iva Kramperová, Ivan Ženatý, Josef Špaček, Václav Hudeček – Violin,
Jaroslav Tuma, Pavel Svoboda – Organ, Kateřina Englichová – Harp, Ludmila Peterková - Clarinet,
Michiyo Keiko (Japan), Raffaella Milanesi (Italy) – Soprano, Pavel Steidl - Guitar, Bennewitz Quartet,
Barocco sempre giovane Orchestra, The Czech Chamber Philharmonic Orchestra Pardubice, Talich Philharmonia Prague,
Boni Pueri, the Czech Boys Choir, Orchestra of period-instruments Collegium 1704 with conductor Václav Luks.
Premieres
There are world premiers composed for the festival:
2011 Luboš Sluka: Meditation for violin and organ
2012 The choral work Žákovská koleda from the composer Sylvie Bodorová and the show about František Vladislav Hek presented by narrator Alfred Strejček.
F. L. Věk International Music Festival Award
The project of F.L. Věk International Music Festival Award aims to prize a person, whose activities or artistic achievements contributed to the regional culture.
The Award for 2012 was given to professor Václav Rabas, the organist and the founding director of the Conservatory of Pardubice. Václav Rabas accepted the award from the hands of Senator Miluše Horská. This event was also attended by Luboš Sluka - composer, which is the holder of this award 2011.
References
External links
[
Music festivals established in 2011
Classical music festivals in the Czech Republic
The 2019 Codasur South American Rally Championship is an international rally championship sanctioned by the FIA and run by the Confederacion Deportiva Automovilismo Sudamericana (Codasur). The championship was contested over five events held in five South American countries from March to November.
Paraguayan Toyota driver Alejandro Galanti won the championship for the first time. Galanti won by a single point in a dramatic finish to the championship. Galanti won the season ending Rally del Atlántico ahead of second placed Hyundai driver Diego Domínguez who had been leading the championship going into the final rally. Domínguez won the first two events, the Rally de la Tierra Colorada and the Rally Trans Itapúa, and was second at the Rally de Erechim. Defending champion, Škoda driver Gustavo Saba, who had also still been in contention to win the championship, was third in the final event and the championship. Saba had won the Rally de Erechim. The Rally Santa Cruz de la Sierra was won by Bolivian Škoda driver Marco Bulacia Wilkinson.
Galanti was the first new Codasur champion since Domínguez won their first championship in 2014.
Event calendar and results
The 2019 Codasur South American Rally Championship was as follows:
Championship standings
The 2019 Codasur South American Rally Championship points were as follows:
Points were awarded to the top ten finishers of each rally and for the top eight positions of each leg of each rally.
References
External links
Codasur South American Rally Championship
Codasur South America
Codasur South American Rally Championship
Thomas R. Fortune (February 8, 1917 – December 30, 1986) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from the 55th district from 1969 to 1982.
They died on December 30, 1986, in Brooklyn, New York City, New York at age 69.
References
1917 births
1986 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) Democrats
20th-century American politicians
Proscorpius (meaning 'dawn scorpion') is an extinct genus of proscorpiid scorpion that was originally thought to have been a eurypterid. Proscorpius lived during the Silurian and Devonian periods (about 422.9–416.0 ma). The type and only species, Proscorpius osborni is currently the world's oldest scorpion. It was discovered in the Lagerstätte Bertie Formation (Fiddlers Green Member); an epifaunal stratum of New York. The fossil measures roughly 3.8 cm (1.5 inches) in length, however, it is missing part of the tail, so in life the animal would be slightly longer.
See also
Gondwanascorpio
References
Prehistoric scorpions
Devonian arachnids
Paleozoic arthropods of North America
Bertie Formation
Edward Talley may refer to:
Edward Talley (priest), Welsh Anglican priest
Edward R. Talley, U.S. Army soldier and Medal of Honor recipient
Legacy Meridian Park Medical Center, formerly Legacy Meridian Park Hospital, is an acute care hospital in Tualatin, Oregon, United States. Opened in 1973, it is operated by Legacy Health. The facility is licensed for 150 beds, but operates only 128. Located in Clackamas County along the boundary with Washington County, it employs over 800 people and is Tualatin's second largest employer.
History
Originally named Southwest Hospital while under proposal beginning in 1968, it was renamed as Meridian Park when it opened after the Willamette Meridian, which bisects the hospital grounds. The medical facility was a joint venture between Emanuel Hospital (now Legacy Emanuel) and Physicians and Surgeons Hospital (now defunct), which formed Metropolitan Hospitals. Groundbreaking occurred in 1971 and the hospital opened in 1973 when the city of Tualatin had a population of 750 at the 1970 Census and prior to the construction of now neighboring Interstate 205. The facility was built on in a rural area at the edge of the Portland metropolitan area and employed 109 people when it opened.
In 1989, Emanuel Hospital, Good Samaritan Hospital, and Mount Hood Medical Center merged to create Legacy Health System, with Meridian Park becoming Legacy Meridian Park Hospital. A community health center was added in 1990 at a cost of $1 million. In May 1992, a $14 million expansion began that included a new maternity ward. In 1998, Meridian Park began a $21 million expansion. The construction added of space and 32 hospital beds.
By 2002, the hospital was the ninth busiest in Oregon and served the cities of Tualatin, Tigard, Sherwood, Wilsonville, King City, and Lake Oswego among others. At that time it employed almost 800 people and was the largest employer in the city of Tualatin. A lab technician was arrested in 2003 on accusations of fondling patients. In 2005, the emergency department was expanded with a separate area for children created. The hospital purchased of adjacent land in 2006 for $7 million to allow for future expansion of the campus. Zoned for residential use that would also allow for hospital usage, the hospital requested a change in zoning in 2009 to ensure they could expand onto the site at a later date.
Services
Facilities at Legacy Meridian Park include a heart catheterization lab, breast health center, comprehensive stroke program, a 24-hour emergency room, cancer center, radiology services, a laboratory for sleep disorders, and an interventional cardiology department.
Licensed for 150 hospital beds, Meridian Park had 138,331 total visits in 2007 with 28,018 patient days. The emergency department has 25 beds and served 31,548 people in 2007. As of 2009, it was the city's largest employer, with approximately 800 employees. There were 1,061 births at the hospital in 2007.
The Meridian Park Hospital Heliport is located on the grounds of the medical center.
See also
List of hospitals in Oregon
References
External links
Official website
Hospital buildings completed in 1973
Hospitals in Oregon
Tualatin, Oregon
Hospitals established in 1973
Buildings and structures in Clackamas County, Oregon
1973 establishments in Oregon
Legacy Health
Live in 2004 is a live-double album released on August 3, 2004 by the Washington, D.C.-based go-go band Rare Essence. The album was recorded live at The Classics Nightclub in Suitland, Maryland, and consists of an audio CD of the concert, and a video DVD of the same concert.
Track listing
Personnel
Andre "Whiteboy" Johnson – lead guitar, vocals
Michael Baker – bass guitar
Milton "Go-Go Mickey" Freeman – congas, percussions
Quentin "Shorty Dud" Ivey – percussions
Mike "Lil Mike" Smith – drums
Kent "Hot Dog" Wood – keyboards
Roy "RB" Battle – keyboards, trombone
Quentin "Shorty Dud" Ivey – rototoms, timbales
Dave "32" Ellis – vocals
Charles "Shorty" Garris – vocals
References
External links
Live in 2004 at Discogs
2004 live albums
Rare Essence albums
Kindai is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 13,889 people in the ward, from 12,658 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Tavakkolabad (, also Romanized as Tavakkolābād; also known as Etfāqābād) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Angelita Detudamo (born 31 October 1986 in Denigomodu) is a Nauruan female tennis player.
During their first year of playing for Pacific Oceania at the 2004 Fed Cup, Detudamo has a win–loss record of 2–1.
Fed Cup participation
Doubles
References
External links
Nauruan female tennis players
People from Denigomodu District
1986 births
Living people
Dian Parkinson (born November 30, 1944) is a former American model and actor.
From 1975 to 1993, Parkinson served as a model on The Price Is Right.
Career history
In 1965, while living in Falls Church, Virginia, Parkinson won the Miss District of Columbia USA title and competed as Diana Batts in the Miss USA 1965 pageant, where they placed fourth runner-up. Parkinson won the 1965 Miss USA World contest. They went on to represent the United States in the international Miss World 1965 contest, and was first runner-up to Lesley Langley of the United Kingdom.
Parkinson traveled during 1965 with the Bob Hope USO Show, including performances in Vietnam during late December 1965, and also served as Queen of the 1965 Bob Hope Desert Classic golf tournament.
In 1975, Parkinson was a guest star on The Mary Tyler Moore Show ("Ted's Moment of Glory").
In 1978, Parkinson appeared in the pilot of the TV series Vega$.
From 1975 to 1993, Parkinson was a model on the US television game show The Price Is Right. Them 18-year tenure on the show was among the longest of any of the models, second only to Janice Pennington, who was with the show for more than 28 years.
Departure from The Price Is Right
Parkinson left the show in 1993, supposedly to "pursue other interests", as host Bob Barker announced during their final taping, which aired on June 18, 1993.
In 1994, Parkinson filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court (case no. BC106366) against Barker for sexual harassment, claiming a three-year sexual relationship was extorted by threats of firing from The Price Is Right. Barker denied the sexual harassment allegations. The suit was withdrawn in April 1995, with Parkinson claiming it was too costly and had taken a toll on their health.
Playboy
Parkinson was the cover girl of Playboy in December 1991 and again in May 1993. In 1993, Parkinson was featured exclusively in a Playboy "Newsstand Edition" photo magazine entitled Playboy Presents, Dian Parkinson. Also in 1993, the video Playboy Celebrity Centerfold: Dian Parkinson was released.
EZ Krunch
In 1993, Parkinson was the official spokesperson for the home exercise equipment machine EZ Krunch.
Space Ghost: Coast to Coast
In 1994, Parkinson appeared as a guest on the animated talk show Space Ghost: Coast to Coast ("Punch").
Personal life
In November 2019, Parkinson listed a residence in Westlake Village, California.
References
External links
Court TV article with information on Dian Parkison's suit
1944 births
Living people
1990s Playboy Playmates
Miss World 1965 delegates
Miss USA 1960s delegates
Game show models
People from Jacksonville, North Carolina
20th-century American people
Jacob's Rescue is a 1993 children's book by Malka Drucker and Michael Halperin based on a true story that takes place in Warsaw, Poland during the Holocaust. A poor Polish family rescues Jacob and their brothers from the tyranny of the Nazis where they face the reality of life under the harshest conditions. They are in the current day and their daughter ask about the holocaust, Jacob had a flashback of this time. Two people that helped Jacob during the hardest times were here too.
Michael Halperin discovered the story when they were told about two brothers who endured the hardships of the Holocaust. They were rescued by a Catholic Polish family who kept them safe under Nazi eyes and from Polish collaborators for over 4 years. At the end of World War II, Jacob and David were reunited with their father who had fled to what was then known as Palestine. Jacob received their doctorate from the Weitzman Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel. David received their doctorate in mathematics at the University of California Berkeley and returned to Israel. Halperin received a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities to develop a screenplay based on the story that became the basis for "Jacob's Rescue". Alex and Mela Roslan who rescued Jacob and their brother David were honored by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles and have a garden planted in their honor on the Avenue of the Righteous at the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem. Shortly after the screenplay was completed, Halperin arranged for the Roslans to fly to Israel in order to celebrate Passover with Jacob and David. It was the first time all four were together since they said goodbye at a rail station in Berlin.
Plot synopsis
Jacob Gutgeld struggles against hope until one a Polish family, the Roslans, rescue them from the Warsaw Ghetto. They end up facing hardship during their quest to survive. During their stay with the Roslans, he's reunited with their uncle who is able to pass as non-Jewish and at their request, the Roslans take in Jacob's younger brother Sholom who has been mistreated and is in an emaciated and fragile state. Not long after Sholom's arrival, the family faces scarlet fever. Jacob's, as well as the Roslan daughter's, isn't that serious, but the son, Yurek's is and they have to go to the hospital. Sholom's is also more serious due to their weakened state, but they can't go to the hospital or risk being found out so the uncle, a doctor, does their best to treat him. The Roslan children and Jacob recover, but Sholom's condition continually deteriorates with their kidneys starting to shut down until one night they wake up with a high fever and after being taken to the bathroom for some water, dies in Alex's arms. Not long after, Jacob ends up facing a serious ear infection, a side-effect from their scarlet fever and the Roslans are forced to sell their apartment so they can get the money they need for a bribe so Jacob can get life-saving surgery. After the rest of the family dies in the ghetto, the uncle brings Jacob's other brother, David to live with the family, believing its only a matter of time until he's found out and wants to make sure David is in good hands. After word of a Russian counterattack against the Germans reaches the Roslan household, Yurek rushes out to celebrate and is killed by a German sniper. Eventually, the family decides to abandon Warsaw when it gets too dangerous and go to live with Mela's brother in the countryside in a place where there are no Germans. They spend the rest of the war there until Poland is liberated. At one point near the end of the story, Russian soldiers march through the town and one enters the house where the family is staying and they and Jacob embrace each other and reveal that they are both Jewish. After the war, the family travels to Berlin to see if they can locate any surviving family for Jacob and David and their father is located, having fled Poland for Palestine before the war. Jacob and David are sent to live with them even though they prefer the Roslans at this point, the family who took care of them during such dangerous times and were there for them while their own father was not.
Trivia
Several tenement houses formerly owned by the wealthy Gutgeld family are preserved in Warsaw until today (for e. g. Czerniakowska street no. 174, 176, 205, Rozbrat street no. 28/30, Dmochowskiego street no. 6)
References
1993 American novels
Non-fiction novels
American children's novels
Novels about the Holocaust
Novels set in Warsaw
1993 children's books
C. danae may refer to:
Callinectes danae, a crab species
Chauliodus danae, a fish species
Cirrobrachium danae, a squid species
Colotis danae, a butterfly species
See also
Danae (disambiguation)
The 2021 AIR Awards is the fifteenth annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards ceremony (generally known as the AIR Awards). It took place virtually on 5 August 2021 in Adelaide.
The nominations were revealed on 2 June 2021 with all material being released in 2020.
At the virtual event, AIR CEO, Maria Amato said "Congratulations to all the nominees and winners tonight. In a year of continued lockdowns and enormous challenges it was great to see Australian independent artists continue to create new music and connect with engaged audiences."
Minister for Innovation and Skills David Pisoni said “Congratulations to all the nominees and winners. You all richly deserve the recognition after what has been a challenging year for the music industry. The South Australian Government is proud to support these awards, showcasing the amazing artists that we have in this country across a wide range of diverse genres of music."
Performances
Emma Donovan & The Putbacks "Yarian Mitji"
DMA's with "Silver"
Wolf & Cub "Blue State"
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically.
See also
Music of Australia
References
2021 in Australian music
2021 music awards
AIR Awards
Westgarth is a neighbourhood within the suburb of Northcote, about 4 or 5 km north-east of Melbourne's central business district in Victoria, Australia. It is in the local government area of the City of Darebin. The neighbourhood has a commercial centre, distinct from the main commercial centre of Northcote, located near Westgarth railway station, just north of Clifton Hill. While Westgarth does not have any official borders, it is generally considered extending from Merri Creek in the west to the boundary of Fairfield in the east.
History
Before European occupation, the area was home to the Wurundjeri people. Land c.2 km to the south, where Merri Creek meets the Yarra, was an early site of colonial contact, briefly home to the Native Police Corps in 1842, and a school for Aboriginal children until 1851. The precise location of the signing of Batman's Treaty, an 1835 agreement between an early colonizer John Batman and Wurundjeri elders to cede land to him, is unknown but thought to be at the western end of Cunningham Street on the banks of the Merri Creek. Land sales first occurred in the Northcote area in 1840, and land was purchased in the area then known as Northcote-by-the-Merri (now Westgarth) but not immediately developed. Three of the buyers later had streets named after them - Cunningham, Urquhart and Walker. As Northcote, Victoria developed in the mid-to-late 19th century, Northcote-by-the-Merri became known as Northcote South1. Land was gazetted for development in 1853, but development was relatively slow. All Saints Anglican church on High Street Westgarth dates to 1860 (present building, 1870), and the Bridge Hotel to 1864.
Westgarth's development accelerated - along with that of many other Melbourne suburbs - in the economic boom of the 1880s. As the children of the Gold Rush generation formed their own families, Melbourne's population swelled. The Victorian Parliament reacted by using railway lines to open up new housing areas. The railway line from Clifton Hill to Alphington was opened in 1884, and the railway station was linked to Melbourne via a western loop in 1888. A cable tram line down High Street to Clifton Hill was opened in 1886, faltered after the land market collapse of 1892, and opened and closed again until reopening permanently in 1901. Building continued through the Edwardian era and into the 1920s, and in 1925 the Northcote tram (now route 86) was connected right through to the city centre. In 1913 the Northcote South Ratepayer's Association gained permission to install two redundant 12 ton cannons from the 1880s facing south to North Fitzroy (built by W.G. Armstrong and Co. of Newcastle-on-Tyne, UK) and they are still in place. The present commercial and shopping strip along High St. dates to the early 20th century, and Westgarth Primary School to 1925, when it opened as Westgarth Central School. The suburb won its present name between 1906 and 1910, with the decision to name the railway station after William Westgarth. The art nouveau Westgarth Theatre, the suburb's best-known landmark, opened in 1920.
The 1960s and 1970s saw an influx of southern European immigrants to the area, in common with other City of Darebin suburbs. By the 1970s the Westgarth Theatre catered largely to a Greek-speaking cinema audience. Westgarth school photos and class lists from the 1970s are dominated by Greek names and faces. That influence began to fade in the 1980s, with the arrival of a new generation of Westgarth residents with higher incomes and education levels. The process of gentrification accelerated through the 1990s, fuelled by the suburb's central location, attractive streets and housing stock, and its proximity to pricier inner-city suburbs including Fitzroy, Clifton Hill and North Fitzroy. The Westgarth Theatre became an art-house movie venue in 1986 when the Valhalla Cinema relocated there after the demolition of its original premises in Richmond. Ten years later, it became the Westgarth Cinema, now part of the Palace Group. A number of industrial buildings along High St. were converted to residential use in the late 1990s and early first decade of the 21st century. Westgarth Primary School's original building was demolished in 1990 and replaced by an open-plan building, extended in 2011.
World War II
A partially excavated tunnel and bunker is located in Westgarth on the north bank of Merri Creek about 30 metres downstream from where a trail crosses the stream near the southwest corner of Oldis Gardens and East Street. The tunnel entrance is locked and it is reported that it lies under a high pressure gas pipeline.
Westgarth today
Today, Westgarth retains its southern European presence, with many children of the 1960s and 1970s immigrant wave still living in the area. But Westgarth also houses a wide variety of other cultural and language groups. Gentrification has brought back some of the children of Melbourne residents who moved to middle and outer suburbs in the 1950s and 1960s. The area is now known for its local artists, and a lesbian community has also been associated with Westgarth for some years. The best-known local resident was the Australian actor Vince Colosimo (believed now moved).
The Westgarth Cinema remains the centre of the small commercial strip at the southern end of High Street, which is now populated by bohemian fashion outlets, but mainly cafes, restaurants and a few other retail businesses. The strip remains noticeably less developed than its counterparts in Clifton Hill and Fairfield, arguably due in part to the traffic intensity of the relatively narrow High Street. New development has been rare, although new businesses open every few months and apartments above shops were constructed in 2009, again in 2011 and in 2020. The lack of local shops means most Westgarth residents currently travel to other suburbs for groceries and many other needs. Retaining the "village" feel of Westgarth, against mounting commercial pressures to redevelop Victorian heritage buildings and development sites, was the aim of the now-defunct "Save Westgarth Village" campaign.
The Westgarth Cinema was one of the last two remaining single-screen venues in Melbourne, until being redeveloped in 2006. After several years of uncertainty about its commercial survival, the family owners finally sold it to Palace Cinemas in 2005, while retaining ownership of the building. Although many original features have been preserved, it is now a popular multiplex with a 300-seat cinema downstairs and now four smaller cinemas upstairs.
The train line through Westgarth station is now part of the Hurstbridge line, following an easterly route into the city. A second, proximate station on the Mernda line, Rushall, is accessed via a pedestrian and cyclist bridge over the Merri Creek (the bridge connects through to an east–west cycle route along Linear Park, one of the nicest such parks in Melbourne). The High Street tram line is now part of Melbourne tram route 86. Upgrading the tram line occurred in 2011, with three stops reduced to two in Westgarth and increased dangers to cyclists and pedestrians close to the relocated central stop. The tram changes are noted in Council consultation and in many media articles and community campaigns. In August 2013, in the last phase of the tram works, metal sculptures designed by Syrinx Environmental were added to the new median strip, producing a local outcry on social media and featuring in the national press. The Council voted to remove them again after 3 weeks.
The Jika Jika Community centre on Plant Street is the main meeting place for local events and activities.
Education
Westgarth Primary School is the area's main school, although Merri Creek, Fairfield and Spensley Street Schools are closer by distance for many Westgarth residents. Westgarth Primary was founded in 1924 as Westgarth Central School, Number 4177 in the Victorian system. Originally Primary to Year 8, it eventually became primary-only. It now caters to approximately 650 students in grades from preparatory to year six. It has two campuses, Clarke St (for Grade 3-6 students), and Brooke St (for students in years Prep-2). It has a kindergarten attached to the Clarke St campus. It is one of the biggest primary schools in the region and is currently seeking government funding to redevelop its facilities to cater for significant growth in student numbers. Westgarth Primary School runs code club, robotics and other Technology workshops.
References
Ellender, Isabel and Peter Christiansen (1999), People of the Merri Merri. The Wurundjeri in Colonial Days, Merri Creek Management Committee, East Brunswick, Victoria.
Harcourt, Rex (2001), Southern invasion northern conquest : story of the founding of Melbourne, Golden Point Press, Blackburn South, Victoria.
Lemon, Andrew (1983), The Northcote Side of the River, City of Northcote in conjunction with Hargreen Publishing Company, North Melbourne.
Various authors (1992), Westgarth Memories, Published by Westgarth Primary School. See here
Frost, Lionel (1990), Australian Cities in Comparative View, McPhee Gribble.
Twentyman, A. E. (1971), 'The Northcote and Preston Cable Tramway', Running Journal, October 1971, Tramway Museum Society of Victoria
Notes
External links
Westgarth entry in the Australian Places project
Westgarth Primary School, Clarke Street
Jika-Jika community centre, Plant and Union Streets
William Westgarth
Friends of Merri Creek
Details of early cable tram, with photos
Bernard Caleo (Union St) blog
'A Merri Meander' walk in Westgarth
Westgarth Primary School Redevelopment Project
Localities of Melbourne
The California Rodeo Salinas Hall of Fame is a cowboy hall of fame. Established in 2010 by the California Rodeo Salinas, the hall of fame recognizes and awards those individuals who helped build the rodeo and those rodeo performers who helped the rodeo become one of the top 20 professional rodeos in the United States as well as the top rodeo in California. The hall of fame divides the inductees into categories: Committee Members, Performers, Livestock, Contestants, Notables, Supporters/Contributors & Staff.
Hall of fame members by category
Notables
Lolla Galli 2010
John W. Jones Family 2011
Jim Rodriguez Sr. 2010
Marguerite & Marvin Roberts 2013
Julius G. Trescony 2016
Contract Personnel/Performer
Joe Baumgartner 2021
Frank V. Borba 2018
Bob & Nancy Cook 2013
Mel Lambert 2011
Abe Lefton 2010
Wilbur Plaugher 2012
Contestants
Leo & Jerold Camarillo 2011
Clay Carr 2016
John Hawkins 2015
Perry Ivory 2016
Bill Martinelli 2021
Harley May 2015
David Motes 2012
Ty Murray 2013
Gene Rambo 2010
Jack Roddy 2010
Jim Rodriguez Jr. 2010
The Santos Family 2014
Frankie Schneider 2012
Johnie Schneider 2012
Rob Smets 2014
Casey Tibbs 2018
Harry Tompkins 2018
J.C. Trujillo 2018
Track Contestants
Johnny Brazil 2011
Harry Rose Sr. 2015
Greg Ward 2010
Committee Members
Chet Behen 2011
Walt Cameron 2016
F.E. 'Gene' Dayton 2011
Doc Etienne 2010
Albert Hansen, Jr. 2014
Homer Hayward 2015
Arthur Hebbron 2010
EJ "Doc" Leach 2013
Pete Pedrazzi 2012
George Richardson 2013
Ki Silacci 2010
J. Michael 'Mike' Storm 2016
Allan Wallace 2018
Warren Wayland 2012
Supporters & Contributors
Barbara Balentine 2021
Garcia Saddlery 2014
Patricia Adcock Garlinger 2010
The Happy Family 2011
The US Army 2014
Livestock
Lucky Blanton 2011
RR Le Mistral aka Mister 2012
#16 Oscar 2013
References
External links
Official Website
2010 establishments in California
Cowboy halls of fame
Halls of fame in California
Sports halls of fame
Sports hall of fame inductees
Awards established in 2010
Museums established in 2010
Lists of sports awards
The maroon-breasted philentoma (Philentoma velata) is a bird species. They are now usually assigned to the Vangidae.
It is found in Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, and Thailand.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
maroon-breasted philentoma
Birds of Malesia
maroon-breasted philentoma
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pope Paul III (r. 1534–1549) created 71 cardinals in twelve consistories.
18 December 1534
Alessandro Farnese, iuniore
Guido Ascanio Sforza di Santa Fiora
21 May 1535
Nikolaus von Schönberg
Girolamo Ghinucci
Giacomo Simoneta
John Fisher
Jean du Bellay
Gasparo Contarini
Marino Caracciolo
Desiderius Erasmus was offered a cardinal's hat, but they declined.
22 December 1536
Gian Pietro Carafa
Giovanni Maria Ciocchi del Monte
Ennio Filonardi
Jacopo Sadoleto
Cristoforo Giacobazzi
Charles de Hémard de Denonville
Rodolfo Pio da Carpi
Reginald Pole
Rodrigo Luis de Borja y de Castre-Pinós
Girolamo Aleandro (created in pectore)
Niccolò Caetani
18 October 1538
Pedro Sarmiento
20 December 1538
Juan Álvarez de Toledo
Pedro Fernández Manrique
Robert de Lénoncourt
David Beaton
Ippolito II d'Este
Pietro Bembo
19 December 1539
Federigo Fregoso
Pierre de La Baume
Antoine Sanguin
Uberto Gambara
Pierpaolo Parisio
Marcello Cervini
Bartolomeo Guidiccioni
Ascanio Parisani
Dionisio Laurerio
Enrique de Borja y Aragón
Giacomo Savelli
Miguel da Silva
2 June 1542
Giovanni Morone
Marcello Crescenzi
Giovanni Vincenzo Acquaviva d'Aragona
Pomponio Cecci
Roberto Pucci
Tommaso Badia
Giovanni Andrea Cortese
Cristoforo Madruzzo
19 December 1544
Gaspar de Ávalos de la Cueva
Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla
Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo
Georges d'Armagnac
Jacques d'Annebaut
Otto Truchsess von Waldburg
Andrea Cornaro
Francesco Sfondrati
Federico Cesi
Durante Duranti
Niccolò Ardinghelli
Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro
Tiberio Crispo
16 December 1545
Pedro Pacheco de Villena
Georges II d'Amboise
Henrique de Portugal
Ranuccio Farnese
27 July 1547
Charles de Guise
Giulio della Rovere
9 January 1548
Charles de Bourbon-Vendôme
8 April 1549
Girolamo Verallo
Giovanni Angelo de' Medici
Filiberto Ferrero
Bernardino Maffei
References
Additional sources
Paul III
16th-century Catholicism
College of Cardinals
The Sanfong Central Street or Sanfong Jhong Street () is a street in Sanmin District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. It is a traditional shopping area selling grocery goods and the largest grocery goods wholesale center in Kaohsiung.
History
Around a century ago, there was a river by the street through which the local merchants imported exotic foreign goods. The area used to be the place to sell sundry goods and agricultural produce. As the consumption style transformed, the area has evolved into an area to supply primarily on things needed for the Chinese New Year, in the types of grains, processed farm produce and candies.
Architecture
The street is 400 meters long with more than 100 shops.
Transportation
The street is accessible within walking distance west of Kaohsiung Station.
See also
List of roads in Taiwan
References
Streets in Taiwan
Retail markets in Taiwan
Transportation in Kaohsiung
Arnaut Catalan (fl. 1219–1253) was a troubadour active in the Languedoc, Catalonia, and Castile. They left behind five cansos, three tensos, and one religious song.
Arnaut's origins are disputed. Most Catalan scholars, such as Milà and Fontanals, believe them to be a Catalan, hence their nickname. Others, such as Chabaneau, assign them to a prominent family from Toulouse named "Catalan". If the latter is correct they are probably the same as the Dominican Inquisitor who persecuted Cathars with such force that they were almost killed by a mob in Albi in 1234. The troubadour was probably in Lombardy at the Este court in Caleone between 1221 and 1233.
Four of Arnaut's cansos are dedicated to Beatrice of Savoy, wife of Raymond Berengar IV of Provence, and one of their tensos was composed with Raymond. An Arnaldus Catalanus, probably Arnaut, confirmed a donation of Raymond's at Aix-en-Provence on 29 August 1241. In 1252 a Don Arnaldo was in Castile at the court of Alfonso X, where they composed a tenso with the king, their part being Occitan and the king's Galician-Portuguese. Arnaut composed one other tenso with a poet named Vaquier Teriaz.
Notes
Sources
Riquer, Martín de. Los trovadores: historia literaria y textos. 3 vols. Barcelona: Planeta, 1975.
Musicians from Toulouse
People from Catalonia
13th-century French troubadours
John Edgar Ainsworth (June 28, 1920 – September 30, 2004) was a physicist and polymath who worked for NASA. Ainsworth was the primary designer of the Pioneer Venus probe.
References
1920 births
2004 deaths
20th-century American physicists
NASA people
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
Harvard College alumni
St. John's College (Annapolis/Santa Fe) alumni
The Disneyland Paris Pride party is the official LGBT pride celebration held annually at Disneyland Paris. Originally called Magical Pride Party, it is the first Disney-sponsored Gay Day at a Disney park. The party is usually held every first Saturday of June, similar to the Gay Days held in Walt Disney World and Disneyland.
Events
2019 - Magical Pride: Celebrating Diversity
The inaugural party was held at the Walt Disney Studios Park on June 1, 2019 from 8:00 PM to 2:00 AM. The private party included access to select attractions, Disney Character Meet and Greets, a "Magical March of Diversity Parade", DJs, live music performances with "Karaoke Theatre Experiences", as well as themed photo locations. Entertainment included Years & Years lead singer Olly Alexander, Boy George, and acts with significant LGBTQ fanbase like Corine and Sindykatz.
2020 - Disneyland Paris Pride: A Magical Celebration of Diversity
The 2020 party was to be held at Disneyland Park on June 6, 2020 from 8:00 PM to 2:00 AM. This would have marked the first time a Disney-sponsored Pride celebration would have been held inside a Castle park. The event would have featured live performances, dance parties, a Disney lip-sync-along, the return of the "Magical March of Diversity Parade", Disney Character Meet and Greets, access to selected attractions, and many more. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, it was officially announced that Disneyland Paris Pride II had been canceled, with Disneyland Paris Pride II taking place 12 June 2021.
Reactions
Hugo Martin of the Los Angeles Times wrote that the event "marks a dramatic shift for the world's biggest theme park operator", noting that The Walt Disney Company has previously allowed independent groups to stage gay-themed events in its parks in the United States, Japan and China but never participated themselves. Nathan Tunnah, a travel consultant, stated that they believe that Disney taking over the LGBT celebration would bring more people from across Europe to them each year. Jacob Ogles of The Advocate expressed that the event signified another step in Disney's evolution of acceptance of their LGBT fans. Many conservative organisations which previously criticised Disney for their pro-LGBT actions stayed silent on the announcement.
See also
Gay Days at Walt Disney World
References
External links
2019 in LGBT history
Disneyland Paris
June 2019 events in France
LGBT festivals in France
The 1965 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 34th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Offaly entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated in the All-Ireland semi-final.
On 26 September 1965, Derry won the championship following a 2-8 to 2-4 defeat of Kerry in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Derry wins the Ulster title for the first time in their history. This provincial triumph is later translated into All-Ireland success.
References
1965
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Mt. Baker Banked Slalom, also known as the Legendary Banked Slalom (LBS), is a snowboarding contest held annually since 1985 at Mt. Baker Ski Area, in Washington State, United States. The LBS is regarded as the predecessor to the boardercross event, and has been won by some of the biggest names in the history of snowboarding. The winner receives a Duct Tape trophy and an embroidered Carhartt jacket. Terje Håkonsen is the winningest male pro snowboarder with 7 trophies over a 17-year period; the winningest female pro snowboarder is Maëlle Ricker with 7 consecutive wins from 2007 to 2013.
History
The first race was held in 1985, organized by Bob Barci and Tom Sims. With only 14 riders at the top of the course, they raced through 15 gates with only a few spectators present. The decision to put on the banked slalom at Mt. Baker came about because it was one of the few ski areas in North America that welcomed snowboarders at that time.
Winners
Presented below are the Pro Men and Pro Women champions per the LBS Honor Roll.
References
External links
Platinum: The Legendary Banked Slalom - 20 Years and Beyond
Snowboarding competitions
Sports in Washington (state)
Bernardo Park is an urban community park located on both banks of the Diliman Creek in Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines. It is the first public park in Quezon City which opened in 1948. The park is the social and cultural center of the barangay of Pinagkaisahan and the largest park in the barangay of Kamuning. It was named after Ponciano Bernardo, the second mayor of Quezon City who was also the city's first vice-mayor and city engineer appointed by President Manuel L. Quezon.
History
The park was developed by the Quezon City government during the tenure of Ponciano Bernardo, which appropriated for the project. It was carved out of a hill along the Diliman Creek, also known as Lagarian Creek, at the border of Diliman and Cubao districts. The plan includes building a skating rink, an artificial lagoon, a zoo, and other features that would rival Rizal Park. It was to be located near the old Quezon City Hall which was then being built on the south bank of the creek. The park, designed by Luciano V. Aquino, the same architect who designed the Welcome Rotonda, was inaugurated on February 19, 1948.
On June 25, 1949, President Elpidio Quirino laid the cornerstone of the Aurora Quezon Memorial Hall in the park with Zenaida Quezon-Buencamino, Manuel Quezon Jr. and Josefina M. Bernardo, the wife of Mayor Ponciano Bernardo, as guests of honor. It was dedicated in memory of former First Lady Aurora Quezon who, along with Mayor Ponciano Bernardo and several others, were killed two months earlier in an ambush in Nueva Ecija.
During the 1950s until mid-1960s, radio and television broadcast were aired live from the park. It was also often used as a filming location by local movie outfit Sampaguita Pictures.
In 1968, the Quezon City Main Public Library moved from its old location at the original Quezon City Hall building on EDSA and Aurora Boulevard in Cubao to the building at the Kamuning side of the park donated by Lion's International. When the City Hall moved to its present location along Elliptical Road in Diliman in 1972, the library became the QC Library and Information Center Cubao Branch. Several facilities were added to the park over the years, including the public swimming pool which opened in 1990 and placed under the management of the Quezon City Youth and Sports Development Office.
On December 3, 2010, Mayor Herbert Bautista unveiled the Ponciano Bernardo Monument and Marker to honor and recognize the former mayor's contributions to the city.
Description
Bernardo Park is located along the western side of Epifanio de los Santos Avenue (EDSA) between Ermin Garcia Street in Pinagkaisahan in the south and K-3rd Street in Kamuning in the north. The larger portion of the park is on the north bank in Kamuning where it is surrounded by a few government buildings such as the Kamuning Police Station 10 of the Quezon City Police District, a training center of the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA) and the Quezon City Jail. Located in the Kamuning side is a basketball court which also serves as venue for community gatherings, and across it is the swimming pool which was rehabilitated in 2005 under then Mayor Feliciano Belmonte Jr. The northern side also contains a skating and biking area, as well as a children's playground.
The park's southern side in Pinagkaisahan contains a picnic area and the Ponciano Bernardo monument. It is bordered by the Ramon Magsaysay (Cubao) High School which replaced the old city hall, and the Klinika Bernardo and Social Hygiene Clinic, a publicly funded HIV prevention, testing and treatment center. Just across EDSA from the Pinagkaisahan park is Nepa Q-Mart, also known as Mega Q-Mart, one of the largest wholesale flea markets in Metro Manila. Also located in the vicinity is the Bernardo Park Compound, a slum area which in 2007 sheltered 100 families. Many of these informal settlers work as vendors in Nepa Q-Mart. There are also informal settlements along the Meralco-Botocan power line and K-6th Street in the Kamuning side, and along Ermin Garcia and Maryland Streets in Pinagkaisahan, including some in the riverbanks and under the EDSA bridge.
References
Parks in Quezon City
1948 establishments in the Philippines
The Leeds City Council election took place on 4 May 2000 to elect members of City of Leeds Metropolitan Borough Council in West Yorkshire, England. Since the last election, Labour had lost a by-election to the Lib Dems in Harehills, and long-serving Chapel Allerton councillor, Garth Frankland, had defected from Labour to Left Alliance. One third of the council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council. Overall turnout in the election was 27.5%.
Election result
This result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections:
Ward results
By-elections between 2000 and 2002
References
2000 English local elections
2000
Lee
Alderman John Ashley Kilvert (1833–1920) was an English soldier and later business person and politician, who became Mayor of Wednesbury, then in Staffordshire, England. They served as a cavalryman with the 11th Hussars in the Crimean War, where they survived the Charge of the Light Brigade. Their medals are displayed at Wednesbury Museum and Art Gallery.
Early life
Kilvert was born on 29 September 1833, at High Ercall, Shropshire, the son of George Kilvert, a farmer. They were educated at High Ercall Grammar School. Their early career was in the wine trade.
Military service
Kilvert enlisted in the 11th Hussars, part of the British army, in Nottingham. They attained the rank of corporal on 9 July 1854.
Serving in the British army during the Crimean War, Kilvert took part in the Charge of the Light Brigade, on 25 October 1854. They were hit by a musket ball which passed through their right leg, and then into their horse. They then suffered a minor sabre wound to the head. Their horse carried them to safety, but had to be euthanised. Kilvert's return is depicted in the painting on the dust jacket of the book Honour the Light Brigade. The next day they were promoted to sergeant. After some delay, during which they were left in a ditch and later found there half frozen, they were taken to Florence Nightingale's Scutari Hospital, and then to Malta, before being returned to England in February 1855.
They later recalled:
They subsequently worked as an army recruiter based in Bath. They ended their military career with the rank of Troop Sergeant-Major, which they attained in 1857.
They were awarded the British Crimea Medal with bars for Alma, Balaklava and Sebastopol, presented to them by Queen Victoria in a ceremony on Horseguards Parade on 18 May 1855. They also received the Turkish Crimean War Medal (Sardinian variant).
Civic service
After the war, Kilvert lived in Coventry, married there, and had a son named George. On the death of their wife, they moved to Wednesbury, and remarried. They operated a pawnbroker from premises in Union Street where they also lived. Their second wife died in 1900, as did their son in 1902. They sold the pawnbroking business and moved to a house at 13 Pritchard Street, which they named 'Balaclava House', after the battle.
They were elected to the town council in 1886, becoming an Alderman and later, in 1905, a year before they stood down from public service, Mayor. As they were a widower, they selected their niece, Mrs. Harris, to act as their Mayoress. They also served as a magistrate (JP).
Legacy
Kilvert died in Wednesbury on 17 October 1920 and was buried in plot A1037 at Wood Green Cemetery there on 22 October. They were the last but two of the British Charge of the Light Brigade participants to die. Their gravestone does not mention their role in the charge.
They bequeathed their medals, and the sword they used during the charge, to Wednesbury Museum. The medals were noted as missing in 1974, believed stolen. After passing through several hands they were bought, innocently, by Walter Hands, a medal collector from Walsall. After their death, Mrs Hands put them up for auction in 2013, when their origin was identified and they agreed to donate them back to the museum.
A portrait of Kilvert, in oil, in which they are shown wearing civic regalia, is also at Wednesbury Museum and Art Gallery. The artist is unknown.
The sword Kilvert used at the Charge of the Light Brigade is in the possession of Sandwell College where one of the floors at Central Campus is named after him.
References
1833 births
1920 deaths
People from Coventry
People from Wednesbury
British Army personnel of the Crimean War
Military personnel from Shropshire
11th Hussars soldiers
Mayors of places in the West Midlands (county)
Mayors of places in Staffordshire
Francis Schlatter (1856–c. 1896) was an Alsatian cobbler who, because of miraculous cures attributed to him, became known as the Healer.
Biography
Schlatter was born in the village of Ebersheim, Bas-Rhin, near Sélestat, in Alsace on April 29, 1856. In 1884 they emigrated to the United States, where they worked at their trade in various cities, arriving in Denver, Colorado, in 1892. There, a few months later, they experienced a vision at their cobbler's bench in which they heard the voice of the Father commanding them to sell their business, give the money to the poor, and devote their life to healing the sick. They then undertook a two-year, 3,000-mile walking pilgrimage around the American West which took them across eastern Colorado, Kansas, and Oklahoma, and then to Hot Springs, Arkansas, where they were arrested and jailed for vagrancy. In early 1894 they escaped and headed west, walking across Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona and into southern California, where they began their first efforts at healing with the Indians of the San Jacinto Valley. After two months, they again took up their pilgrimage and traveled east across the Mohave Desert, living on nothing but flour and water. In July 1895 they emerged as a Christlike healer in the Rio Grande villages south of Albuquerque. There, while treating hundreds of sick, suffering, and disabled people who flocked to Albuquerque's Old Town, they became famous. Crowds gathered about them daily, hoping to be cured of their diseases simply by clasping their hands. The following month they returned to Denver, but did not resume their healings until mid-September. During the next few weeks, their ministry drew tens of thousands of pilgrims to a small home in North Denver. Schlatter is said to have refused all rewards for their services. Their manner of living was of the simplest, and they taught no new doctrine. They said only that they obeyed a power which they called Father, and from this power they received their healing virtue.
On the night of November 13, 1895, they suddenly disappeared, leaving behind them a note in which they said that their mission was ended. Then, in 1897 news came out of Mexico that the healer's bones and possessions had been found on a mountainside in the Sierra Madre. At the same time, a New Mexico woman named Ada Morley published a book called The Life of the Harp in the Hand of the Harper which told of the healer's three-month retreat on their ranch in Datil, New Mexico, after their disappearance from Denver. The book, which carried the title the healer gave it, also contained a first-person description of their two-year pilgrimage, which they believed held the same significance for humankind as Christ's forty days in the wilderness. On departing the Morley ranch, Schlatter told Morley that God intended to establish New Jerusalem in the Datil Mountains, and the healer promised to return at that time. In the wake of the healer's death, several men claiming to be Francis Schlatter made headlines around the country in 1909, 1916, and 1922.
In August Strindberg's autobiographical novel Inferno Francis Schlatter is mentioned as a doppelgänger of another man Strindberg met in Paris in 1896, the year after Schlatter disappeared. They were afraid of Schlatter. The "double" turned out to be Paul Herrmann, a German-American painter.
The Healer's Copper Rod
In 1906 Edgar Lee Hewett, who became a noted archaeologist and museum director, was conducting research near Casas Grandes, Chihuahua, Mexico, when their Mexican guide pointed out an unmarked grave. Ten years before, the guide said, they had come across the body of a dead man following a blizzard. From the guide's description, Hewett surmised that the dead man the guide had come across was Francis Schlatter, whom Hewett had met and whose healing sessions they observed in 1895. Hewett asked if any of the man's possessions had survived. The guide led them to the home of the jefe of Casas Grandes, and there Hewett saw Schlatter's Bible, saddle, and copper rod—which had become a mysterious hallmark of the healer from the time of their disappearance. Years later, in 1922, Hewett returned to Mexico and examined the copper rod again. By now the director of the School of American Research (now the School for Advanced Research) and the Museum of New Mexico, they showed interest in the rod and made a donation to the village of Casas Grandes to hire a teacher. Back in Santa Fe, a few weeks later, they received a heavy, burlap-wrapped package, and inside was Francis Schlatter's copper rod. They placed the rod in the collections of the two institutions they directed, which shared space in the Palace of the Governors in Santa Fe, N.M. Today the rod lies in the collections of the New Mexico History Museum in the Palace of the Governors.
Death and Imposters
Almost immediately after reports came out of Mexico announcing the healer's death, skepticism arose. Ada Morley, who had visited at length with Schlatter during their three-month stay at their ranch in New Mexico in early 1896, had their doubts. "The men who found the skeleton declared to have been [Schlatter's]," they said, "say it was resting as though it had never been disturbed. I know the coyotes would never have left it so if it had ever lain there bearing flesh." The New York Times expressed doubts as well. "It does not appear that the human remains were actually identified as Schlatter's," the newspaper stated on June 19, 1897, "or that any identification was possible." However, the presence of the healer's possessions at the scene, especially their copper rod, convinced most people otherwise.
Over the next twenty-five years, several men arose claiming to be Francis Schlatter. One, a Presbyterian minister named Charles McLean, died in Hastings, Nebraska, in 1909, creating a controversy between skeptics and believers. Two others, August Schrader and Jacob Kunze, who formed a healing team that operated between 1908 and 1917, were arrested and jailed in 1916 for mail fraud. A final so-called imposter died in St. Louis, Missouri, in October 1922.
During the second half of the twentieth century, a renewed interest in Schlatter brought with it speculation about the claim of the healer who had died in St. Louis. Most recently, The Vanishing Messiah: The Life and Resurrections of Francis Schlatter (2016), argues that the healer conspired to stage their death in the mountains of Mexico and returned to the United States to continue healing in the eastern and southern parts of the country until their death in St. Louis in 1922. The Vanishing Messiah This author's claim rests in part on the discovery of a largely forgotten autobiography in the Library of Congress entitled Modern Miracles of Healing: A True Account of the Life, Works and Wanderings of Francis Schlatter, the Healer, attributed to "Francis Schlatter, The Alsacian," and published in 1903.
Notes
Sources
1856 births
1922 deaths
American faith healers
People from Bas-Rhin
Vincent II, Count von Rumpff (10 January 1789 – 13 February 1867) was a German diplomat who served as Minister of the Hanseatic cities to the United States and Paris.
Early life
Count von Rumpff was born on 10 January 1789 in Hamburg, Germany, then a part of the Holy Roman Empire. Their paternal grandfather was Vincent Rumpff (1701–1781), a Senator who served as Mayor of Hamburg in 1765.
Rumpff studied at the University of Heidelberg and the University of Göttingen, receiving a law degree.
Career
Upon the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire in 1806, the Free Imperial City of Hamburg became a sovereign state with the official title of the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg. Hamburg was briefly annexed by Napoleon I to the First French Empire, but Russian forces under General Bennigsen freed the city in 1814. Hamburg re-assumed its pre-1811 status as a city-state in 1814 when Rumpff returned to their hometown. They joined the diplomatic service and served as attaché at the Congress of Vienna which confirmed Hamburg's independence and it became one of 39 sovereign states of the German Confederation.
In 1815, they were sent to Frankfurt as legation secretary of the Hamburg embassy to the Bundestag. In 1819, they acquired Hamburg citizenship. Hamburg entrusted them with the newly founded Hanseatic embassy at the Imperial Court in Vienna, and appointed them Minister.
In 1824, they took over the post of Minister at the French court in Paris and was a representative of the Hanseatic merchants in Paris. The other three free cities of Bremen, Frankfurt and Lübeck also delegated their diplomatic representation to him. From 1827 to 1828, Rumpff served as Minister of the Hanseatic cities of Bremen, Hamburg and Lübeck to the United States. While Minister, Rumpff and their colleague James Colquhoun in London, signed a series of commercial treaties and trade agreements, including with the United States of America in 1827 and 1828, France in 1843, Sardinia in 1844, Monaco in 1846, New Granada in 1854, and Persia in 1857.
Rumpff retired in 1864 and was succeeded as Ambassador of the Hanseatic cities in Paris by Hermann von Heeren.
Personal life
On 25 October 1825, they were married to the American heiress Eliza Astor (1801–1838), a daughter of Sarah Cox (née Todd) Astor and John Jacob Astor. Eliza's father was born in the Electoral Palatinate before moving to America just after the end of the American Revolution, where they prospered as a merchant and investor, becoming the wealthiest person in the country. Upon their marriage, Astor settled $300,000 on her, and gave them the Villa Le Saugy at Genthod, where they spent their summers. Later, the Rumpffs lived in Rolle in the canton of Vaud on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva in Switzerland. They did not have any children.
In light of riots in Paris which led to the July Revolution of 1830, and the abdication of French King Charles X, Rumpff sent their wife back to America. They arrived in New York after King Louis-Philippe was restored to the throne. Their wife returned to Paris with their sister Dorothea who lived in Paris for several years. Although they were welcome at the court of King Louis-Philippe and Queen Marie Amelie, their wife gave up court appearances, balls, going to the theater, and "other worldly leisure" to focus on charities. In Paris, they created a library of inspirational books for children of the English-speaking residents of Paris. They also opened a school at their villa at Genthod.
Their wife died in Rolle on 11 April 1838 and was buried at the Cimetière de Bursins. After their death, in 1839, their memoirs were published together with the memoirs of Albertine, Baroness Staël von Holstein, under the title: Transplanted Flowers: Or, Memoirs of Mrs. Rumpff, Daughter of John Jacob Astor, Esq., and the Duchess De Broglie, Daughter of Madame De Stael. They were referred to as "models of peacetime progress and religious purity".
Rumpff died on 13 February 1867 in Paris and was buried at their property, Saint-Vincent, near Gilly.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Engraving of Mrs. Rumpff at The Library Company of Philadelphia
Domaine du Saugy à Genthod
1789 births
1867 deaths
Hanseatic diplomats
Diplomats from Hamburg
Heidelberg University alumni
University of Göttingen alumni
Astor family
Ambassadors of Germany to France
Ambassadors of Germany to the United States
Flann mac Congalaig (died 812) was a King of Brega from the Uí Chonaing sept of Cnogba (Knowth) of the Síl nÁedo Sláine branch of the southern Ui Neill. They were the son of Congalach mac Conaing (died 778), a previous king. They ruled from 786 to 812.
The Síl nÁedo Sláine had suffered a crushing defeat in 786 at the hands of Donnchad Midi (died 797), the high king from the rival Clann Cholmáin. In 795 Flann killed Donnchad's son Conn in the house of a certain Cumalcaich at a feast. Of the death of Conn was said:
A feast was made by Ua Olcain, which was partaken of in odious ale; dregs were given to them by Flann, so that they bore away their head after their death.
At their death obit in the year 812 they are called King of Ciannachta- (rex Ciannachtai). Their son Conaing mac Flainn (died 849) was also a King of Brega.
Notes
References
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Book of Leinster, Flann Mainistrech: Síl Aeda Sláne Na Sleg at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
External links
CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Kings of Brega
812 deaths
8th-century Irish monarchs
9th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Children of the Atom is a comic book series written by Vita Ayala, and illustrated by Bernard Chang and Paco Medina and published by Marvel Comics. The title was launched in March 2021 as part of Reign of X, a relaunch of Marvel's X-Men related titles.
The series focuses on the teen vigilantes operating in New York City using alien technology and pretending to be mutants in order to join Krakoa.
Publication history
Children of the Atom was originally announced in January 2020 for an April 2020 debut, but the series was delayed due to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. It was eventually announced to come out in January 2021 and later rescheduled for March 2021 debut. The series is part of the X-Men line's Reign of X, following the conclusion of X of Swords crossover.
It was advertised as the introduction of the teenage vigilantes as the X-Men's sidekicks. Writer Vita Ayala calls this series “the only human perspective book that we have in the X-line right now.” They also mentioned that the series is from the point of view of the teenagers who idolize the X-Men growing up and see and them as superheroes.
The characters made a cameo appearance in the story "Race" featured in Marvel's Voices #1.
Plot
The Children of the Atom are teen vigilantes living in New York City dreaming of joining their heroes, the X-Men, on Krakoa. They stopped the depowered Hell's Belles during a robbery on one of their missions, earning praises from the X-Men while raising concerns from the Avengers as the teens are putting themselves in danger due to the Kamala's Law still in full effect.
During one of their attempts to use the gateway to enter Krakoa, they were captured by U-Men before being rescued by the X-Men. It is then revealed that the teens are non-mutants and are using alien technology to emulate their powers:
Cyclops-Lass (Beatrice Bartholomew) – heat beam technology inside their visor.
Cherub (Gabriel Brathwaite) – flight via exosuit and sonic blast from their hand harp.
Gimmick (Carmen Maria Cruz) – absorption and manipulation of kinetic energy through their gauntlets.
Marvel Guy (Benjamin Thomas) – chemically induced suggestions through pheromones released from their gloves.
Daycrawler (Jason Thomas) – short-range teleportation field generator on their belt.
This development resulted in rejection from the X-Men, questioning their actions claiming themselves as mutant. However, the X-Men thanked them in their efforts of disbanding an anti-mutant hate group and locating three lost citizens. After receiving an invitation to the Hellfire Gala, Gimmick is revealed as the only mutant in the team. This revelation caused friction in the group and they left the team to go to Krakoa. They later helped and rejoined the team to stop the Hordeculture from stealing Krakoan flowers.
Cancelation
Series writer Vita Ayala confirmed that Children of the Atom ended its run with issue #6, released in August 2021.
Reception
At the review aggregator website Comic Book Roundup, the series received an average score of 7.8 out of 10 based on 64 reviews. AIPT reviewer Dan Spinelli stated that after a series of delays, the comic book is absolutely worth the wait bringing the young heroes to life with humor and the soap operatics the X-Men are known for. ComicBook.com reviewer Chase Magnett notes that the series failed to provide an effective focus for the characters and the conclusion is deeply unsatisfying as each page is spent on individual characters monologue on what they learned.
Prints
Collected editions
References
External links
Official site
X-Men titles
2021 comics debuts
WASP-69 is a K-type main-sequence star. Its surface temperature is 4782 K. WASP-69 is slightly enriched in heavy elements compared to the Sun, with a metallicity Fe/H index of 0.10, and is much younger than the Sun at 2 billion years. The data regarding starspot activity of WASP-69 are inconclusive, but spot coverage of the photosphere may be very high.
Multiplicity surveys did not detect any stellar companions to WASP-69 as of 2020.
Planetary system
In 2013, one planet, named WASP-69b, was discovered on a tight, circular orbit. Its equilibrium temperature is 886 K, but the measured terminator temperature is significantly higher by at least 200 K.The planet is losing mass at a moderate rate of 0.5 per billion years, not producing a visible cometary tail.
The planetary atmosphere is extremely hazy and contains a partial cloud deck with cloud tops rising to a pressure of 100 Pa. Its composition is mostly hydrogen and helium, and sodium was also detected in low concentration. The sodium may originate from volcanic moons, not from the planet itself.
By 2021, the presence of hazes in atmosphere of WASP-69b was confirmed, along with the solar or super-solar water abundance.
In August 2022, this planetary system was included among 20 systems to be named by the third NameExoWorlds project.
References
Aquarius (constellation)
Planetary transit variables
K-type main-sequence stars
Planetary systems with one confirmed planet
J21000618-0505398
-05 5432
Don Burgess may refer to:
Don Burgess (ice hockey) (born 1946), retired professional ice hockey player
Donald Burgess (born 1933), retired track cyclist
Donald W. Burgess (born 1947), American meteorologist, tornado and weather radar expert
Don Burgess (cinematographer) (born 1956), American cinematographer
Don Burgess (politician), Canadian politician, see 1977 Ontario general election
Grupo Clarín S.A. is the largest media conglomerate in Argentina.
Overview
Established as such in 1999, it includes the Clarín newspaper (the most-widely circulated in Latin America), Papel Prensa (the nation's principal newsprint manufacturer), Cablevisión cable television, the Artear media company, and numerous other media outlets.
Rooted in the successful 1945 launch of the centrist daily, Clarín, by the late Roberto Noble, the group is active within the publishing, newspaper, television, radio, and telecommunications industries. Its largest shareholder is Ernestina Herrera de Noble. Other major shareholders include Héctor Magnetto, José Antonio Aranda, Lucio Rafael Pagliaro, and the investment bank Goldman Sachs. Magnetto is the President and CEO of the media group, while Ernestina Herrera de Noble directs the flagship Clarín newspaper.
Having become the largest newspaper distributor in the Spanish-speaking world by 1980 (when its revenues topped US$900 million), the group diversified itself significantly in 1990, when it entered into television sector with the acquisition of Channel 13, and into radio with the purchase of Radio Mitre. Following the expansion into cable television in 1992 (Multicanal), To-do Noticias, the group's cable news channel, was established in 1993 and remains one of the most influential in its sector. The conglomerate also controls Patagonik Film Group and numerous regional newspapers (notably Los Andes of Mendoza and La Voz del Interior of Córdoba).
Grupo Clarín was listed in the Buenos Aires and London Stock Exchanges in 2007, upon which a 20% share in the group was made available to stockholders (leaving 9% for Goldman Sachs, and 71% for its private shareholders). The group's revenues in 2011 were accounted for mainly by its cable television units (principally Cablevisión and Multicanal), which accounted for 46% of sales, and by advertising revenues (22%). Internet service provider Prima S.A. yielded 14% of total revenues, and the Group's numerous publishing interests netted 9% of the total; and rights to broadcasting, programming and digital content accounted for most of the remainder.
Goldman Sachs sold its 9% share in the group to Fontinalis Partners equity fund CEO Ralph Booth in 2012. Amid ongoing controversies between Clarín and Kirchnerism over a 2009 antitrust law that would limit the number of radio and television licenses held by the Clarín Group, the Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services (AFSCA) enjoined the group on December 17, 2012, to divest itself of its majority stake in Cablevisión and of up to 213 broadcast licenses that would exceed the number stipulated by law; the 2009 Audiovisual Services Law allows companies to have 24 cable licenses and 10 free-to-air licenses for radio and television, and to cover no more than 35% of the pay-per-view population.
Debt default and political influence
One of Grupo Clarín's holdings is the cable company Multicanal S.A. In the early 2000s, Multicanal defaulted on payments to holders of its Notes. According to U.S. Bankruptcy Court records, Grupo Clarín made political moves that ultimately ended up hindering the ability of the Note holders from getting paid back.
In 2002, Argentina was in a financial and economic crisis. Argentina's peso was tied to the value of the U.S. dollar, but in 2002 the government let the value of the peso float. As a result, the value of the peso went down 75% relative to the value of the U.S. dollar in just four months.
Multicanal bought programming from the United States. The peso devaluation, along with the country's restrictions on access to U.S. dollars, made it expensive for Multicanal to purchase that programming. Multicanal also struggled to make interest payments on its approximately $509 million USD in debt. By April 2002, Multicanal defaulted on all of its payments to the holders of its Notes. When Multicanal went into bankruptcy proceedings in the United States, a group of investors and holders of Multicanal's Notes (a group referred to as "Huff"), filed a petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court. Huff had filed cases in New York State Courts to try and get Multicanal to pay back those Notes, Multicanal had filed what is known as a § 304 petition because Multicanal does not want to have to pay Huff for its overdue payments on Notes.
A new 2003 Argentina law, which Grupo Clarín had successfully lobbied to pass, made it difficult for Huff and the holders of the Notes. The law limited how much stock in a communications company could be owned by people outside of Argentina. Huff later complained that the law gave Clarin and Multicanal and unfair advantage.
Companies and brands
Some of the companies that form part of the conglomerate are:
Notes
References
External links
Mass media companies of Argentina
Mass media companies established in 1999
Conglomerate companies of Argentina
1999 establishments in Argentina
Entertainment companies established in 1999
Companies of Argentina
Television networks in Argentina
Mass media in Argentina
Radio stations in Argentina
Radio in Argentina
Publications established in 1999
Daily newspapers published in Argentina
Antonio Domenico "Mr. Miggs" Pollina (September 20, 1892 – February 27, 1993) was an Italian-American mobster and former de facto boss of the Philadelphia crime family.
Early life
Antonio Pollina was born in Caccamo, Sicily and became a naturalized American citizen in 1944. Their rap sheet dated back to 1927 and included arrests for murder, concealed weapons, untaxed liquor, assault & battery. Their legitimate employment was as a cheese salesperson for Maggio Cheese Co. Pollina was one of the top leaders of the mafia group known as "The Greaser Gang" and controlled a large loanshark operation.
Boss
In 1959 Pollina was handed the reigns of the family when Joseph Ida fled the United States to avoid an indictment on narcotic charges. Pollina began plotting to murder of Angelo Bruno.
Pollina ordered their Underboss, Ignazio Denaro, to murder Angelo Bruno, but Denaro instead informed Bruno of Pollina's intentions. Bruno used their connections to The Commission to take Pollina's power away from him. The Commission authorized Bruno to murder Pollina. Pollina stepped down and Angelo Bruno replaced them and kept Denaro as their underboss.
Later life
In spite of the alleged murder plot, Pollina remained in Philadelphia and reportedly felt secure enough to ask Angelo Bruno to name them as their consigliere after the death of Joe Rugnetta in 1977. Bruno is said to have declined their request and placed the man who would arrange their death 3 years later instead, Antonio Caponigro. Pollina died of natural causes in 1993. He's buried in Holy Cross Cemetery, Yeadon, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
1892 births
1993 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Philadelphia crime family
American Roman Catholics
Italian emigrants to the United States
People from Caccamo
Nazar Samvelovich Petrosyan (; born 6 June 1951 in Mary, Turkmenistan) is a Russian football coach and a retired Soviet football player.  They are of Armenian descent. Currently, they are the president of FC Nika Moscow.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1973.
Soviet Cup winner: 1973, 1975.
International career
Petrosyan made their debut for USSR on 28 November 1976 in a friendly against Argentina.
References
Profile
1951 births
Living people
People from Mary, Turkmenistan
Armenian footballers
Armenian football managers
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
FC Ararat Yerevan players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
Soviet football managers
Russian football managers
Turkmenistan people of Armenian descent
Soviet Armenians
Ethnic Armenian sportspeople
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Loïs Diony (born 20 December 1992) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for club Angers.
Club career
Early career
Diony made their professional debut in November 2012 for FC Nantes, in a 0–0 draw against Niort.
After spending six months in the fourth division with their hometown club Stade Montois, they joined Dijon FCO in January 2014.
Dijon
With Diony securing a move to Ligue 2 side Dijon, they proved to be a vital asset as they were their top scorer as they achieved promotion into Ligue 1. The following season, Diony was again Dijon's top scorer - with 11 goals - helping them maintain their Ligue 1 position.
Saint-Étienne
In 2017 Diony made a move to AS Saint-Étienne, but they made a slow start with Les Verts, recording no goals and just one assist in their first 16 games for the club, causing them to be loaned out at the start of 2018.
Bristol City (loan)
On 25 January 2018, Loïs Diony joined Bristol City on loan for the remainder of the 2017–18 with the option to make it permanent for a reported £10m. Despite looking a promising addition, Diony's stint in England was unsuccessful, and they played just seven times, contributing to 0 goals in the process.
Angers
On 10 September 2020, Diony signed with Ligue 1 side Angers SCO. They joined on a free transfer, but the deal included a sell-on percentage fee clause. Diony agreed on a three-year contract with Angers.
Red Star Belgrade (loan)
On 5 July 2021, they went to Red Star Belgrade on loan.
Personal life
Diony is of Martiniquais descent.
Career statistics
Honours
Saint-Étienne
Coupe de France runner-up: 2019–20
Red Star Belgrade
Serbian SuperLiga: 2021–22
Serbian Cup: 2021–22
References
External links
Loïs Diony foot-national.com Profile
1992 births
Living people
People from Mont-de-Marsan
Sportspeople from Landes (department)
Association football forwards
French footballers
French people of Martiniquais descent
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
FC Nantes players
Stade Montois (football) players
Dijon FCO players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Bristol City F.C. players
Angers SCO players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
English Football League players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Serbian SuperLiga players
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Footballers from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
The Australian Parkour Association (APA) is an incorporated association concerned with the promotion and teaching of parkour throughout Australia. At present, the APA has over 100 active members, while many times that number have attended or regularly attend APA-run parkour classes.
The Australian Parkour Association became a founding member of Parkour Earth, an international federation of National parkour bodies founded by Poland, France, United Kingdom, New Zealand and France in July 2017.
Purpose
The core purpose of the APA is to nurture the development of parkour in Australia. It seeks to achieve this in a number of ways, including: teaching parkour through the provision of classes and workshops, acting as a representative body for those who practice parkour, and advancing positive portrayals of parkour in the media.
Formation and origins
On 21 June 2006, the Australian Parkour Association (APA) became a registered incorporation under Australian law, as a nonprofit organization. This action was instigated by a group of Melbourne traceurs, who found themselves 'teaching' newcomers as parkour started to grow in popularity, and were thus seen as responsible for their 'students'. An incident in 2005 which involved a threat of legal action against several members of the Melbourne parkour community left an indelible impression upon those involved, even after events were clarified and the threat of legal action faded.
The APA now provides members and instructors with "protection of the members and office holders against personal liability for debts and other legal obligations of the organisation."
Another reason for the formation of the APA was to establish a nationally recognised body to promote a positive and accurate portrayal of parkour in Australia.
Globally, there has been significant controversy regarding the philosophical underpinnings of parkour, with many feeling that important principles were being left out of mainstream media representation. The founders of the APA felt and continue to feel a strong adherence to the non-competitive and altruistic principles laid down by parkour founder David Belle.
Following discussions initially localised in Melbourne, similar groups in Sydney and Canberra were contacted and quickly included, their contributions refining and completing the concept of what is now known as the APA.
Teaching
In line with the core purpose of the APA, there are now weekly classes available to the general public in several major cities across Australia. At present the APA runs classes in Melbourne, Sydney, Canberra, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide.
Most of these classes are run by instructors and assistant instructors volunteering their time. In addition to weekly classes, the APA has also been involved in organising workshops for disadvantaged and at-risk youths.
The APA and the media
Many APA members have featured in media appearances in recent years, with the aim of positively and accurately representing parkour to the wider community. In September 2007, members were involved in a high-profile piece for 60 Minutes, which was broadcast nationally during Sunday prime time on Channel 9. Following the 60 Minutes piece, class numbers increased dramatically. In addition to this involvement, the APA has contributed to numerous newspaper, radio and local television features.
References
External links
Australian Parkour Association
Parkourpedia
Parkour organizations
Non-profit organisations based in Australia
Sports governing bodies in Australia
2006 establishments in Australia
Sports organizations established in 2006
Corona perversa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
The shell of Corona perversa is normally left-handed or sinistral. This species lives in Brazil.
References
Simone, L. R. L. (2006). Land and Freshwater Molluscs of Brazil. Editora Grafíca Bernardi, FAPESP. São Paulo, 390 pp.
Massemin D., Lamy D., Pointier J.P. & Gargominy O. (2009). Coquillages et escargots de Guyane. Mèze: Biotope. 456 pp
Orthalicidae
Gastropods described in 1820
Taxa named by William John Swainson
Molluscs of Brazil
Tenaris may refer to:
Tenaris, a global manufacturer and supplier of steel pipes
Tenaris (plant), a plant genus in the Apocynaceae or dogbane family
Tenaris, a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae; synonym of Taenaris
See also
Tenarus, a town of ancient Laconia
The John R. Emens College-Community Auditorium, or Emens Auditorium as it is known on campus, is an auditorium on the campus of Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana, United States.
The facility is used to host Broadway shows, plays, multi-genre concerts, and university events, as well as regional events for eastern Indiana.
Emens Auditorium has a seating capacity of 3,581. The Auditorium was opened on March 14, 1964, when Fred Waring and their Pennsylvanians performed.
Attached to the rear of the facility is a smaller theater used for performing arts shows.
Use the seating chart to help you determine the section where you would like tickets for Emens Auditorium events. If pit seats are available, those would be located in front of the main floor seats.
General information
The cost to build (back in 1964) was in building Emens auditorium was $2.975 million.
The architect of the building was Walter Scholer.
The contractor was Hagerman Construction Co., Fort Wayne, Indiana.
The stage features include a 144 feet wide by 45 feet deep: stage floor to gridiron is 78 feet.
The proscenium arch is 82 feet wide. A sixteen-ton fireproof curtain divides the stage from the house.
Its opening date or “Sneak Previews” for the public was on March 14 and 15, 1964, dedication, October 25, 1964.
The official name of the venue is John R. Emens College-Community Auditorium.
To build Emens Auditorium there was a huge fund raising of $1.5 million.
So the charity started in 1960 they succeeded this fundraising on January 25, 1964 and exceeded the $1.5 Million amount by $10,532.
The auditorium was named by the current president of the school John R. Emens.
There are plaques of remembrance on pillars and walls in the courtyard entrance of Emens Auditorium of major donors to the building fundraising.
After five years the auditorium was named for John Emens, the university honored their wife by naming the art-filled lounge on the auditorium's second floor the Aline Brainerd Lounge.
The campus adds more than $2 million to the local economy each summer and presents concerts to the public.
History
"As fine a hall as the Salzburg Festspiel Haus and better than the San Francisco Opera House . . ." Spoken by Heinrich Keilholz, an acoustical engineer from Hamburg, Germany, these words are in praise of John R. Emens College-Community Auditorium.
Ball State University's sixth president, John R. Emens (1945-1968), had a dream. They envisioned a "campus of the future" complete with an auditorium "large enough to house most college functions as well as major symphonies, Broadway productions, ballets, and other forms of entertainment for Muncie and east central Indiana audiences."
Planning for the auditorium began as early as 1947, but the U-shaped building was not actually built until 1961. The structure includes the Hargreeves Music Building, Arts and Communications Building, and the 410-seat University Theatre.
Emens's dream was finally realized on March 14–15, 1964, when the auditorium gave its first performances in the form of a "sneak preview," and then it was officially dedicated on Oct. 25 the same year.
In its first 25 years alone, more than 3.6 million people visited the then 3,581-seat auditorium to see 2,335 programs. The legendary acoustic, scalloped ceiling, and state-of-the-art sound capabilities of Emens Auditorium account for the attraction of many artists to performing in this facility.
Since the grand opening in 1964, many world-renowned artists, individuals, musicians, and shows have graced the stage of Emens Auditorium. Legendary performances range from President Ford, David Letterman, Stevie Wonder, Louis Armstrong, Victor Borge, Magician David Copperfield, comedian Adam Sandler, musicals Cats and Les Misérables, Red Skelton, B. B. King, The Temptations, Third Eye Blind, and the Dixie Chicks.
Bill Cosby could not have said it better after a performance in 1969: "This is the greatest hall I have ever played . . . the greatest acoustics."
John R. Emens and Aline B. Emens Scholarships
High school seniors who have actively participated in and provided leadership for academic and extracurricular activities in their high school and local community are eligible to apply for this award. The value of the Emens Scholarship varies from year to year. In recent years it has been the value of one-half the amount of in-state tuition and is determined annually based on the availability of funds.
These awards are for eight semesters and are subject to an annual review of the student's leadership activities and academic progress.
Performers and speakers
1964 Edgar Bergen, Peter Nero, Louis Armstrong
1965 Dave Brubeck, Bob Newhart, Ronald Reagan, Igor Stravinsky, Oscar Shumsky, Rudolf Friml, Robert Goulet, Peter Nero
1966 Johnny Mathis, Pearl Buck, Count Basie, Helen Hayes, Hans Conried, Ferrante and Teicher
1967 Isaac Stern, Peter Paul and Mary, Maria von Trapp, Simon and Garfunkel, Pat Paulsen, Arthur Fiedler, Hans Conried, Jerome Hines, Tom Ewell
1968 Paul Newman, Mantovani, Shirley Verrett, John Davidson, Roger Williams, Peter Nero, Tom Ewell, Rosemary
1969 Four Tops, The Cowsills, Ralph Nader, Jose Feliciano, The Righteous Brothers, Eugene Ormandy, Ferrante and Teicher
1970 Guy Lombardo, BJ Thomas, Jeane Dixon, Stevie Wonder, Hans Conried, Dionne Warwick
1971 The First Edition, Duke Ellington, Art Linkletter, Pierre Boulez
1972 Itzhak Perlman, Doc Severinsen, Henry Mancini, Betty Friedan, Pierre Boulez, Roberta Peters, Shelley Berman
1973 George Carlin, Lily Tomlin, Dionne Warwick, The Carpenters, Arthur Fiedler, John Mayall, Isaac Stern, Mary Travers
1974 Rare Earth, Boots Randolph, Richie Havens, Johnny Cash, Mac Davis, Van Cliburn, Anne Murray, John Raitt, Ferrante and Teicher, Vivian Blaine, Imogene Coca
1975 The Imperials, Bill Cosby, Stan Kenton, Leonard Rose, Aaron Copland, Myrna Loy, Ricardo Montalban, Roger Williams, Peter Nero, Eddie Bracken
1976 The Spinners, Alex Haley, Dixy Lee Ray, Gene Roddenberry, Michael Tilson Thomas, Nancy Wilson, Peter Nero, Dana Andrews, Howard Duff
1977 John Kenneth Galbraith, Red Skelton, Harry Chapin, Pearl Bailey, Leonard Rose, Eugene Fodor, Arthur Fiedler, Henry Mancini, Robert Merrill, John Raitt
1978 Jerry Lewis, The Amazing Kreskin, Dizzy Gillespie, Burl Ives, Alicia de Larrocha, Jerome Hines, Dave Brubeck, Harry Chapin, Roger Williams, Kathryn Crosby
1979 Ann Landers, David Letterman, Pablo Cruise, Chuck Mangione, Coretta Scott King, Andrés Segovia, Roberta Peters, Peter Nero, Forrest Tucker
1980 Dick Gregory, Kenny Loggins, Mel Torme, Rich Little, Don Ho, Isaac Stern, Leonard Rose, Anna Maria Alberghetti
1981 Vincent Price, Mike Wallace, Gordon Lightfoot, Chuck Mangione, Red Skelton, Imogene Coca
1982 Charlie Daniels, Admiral Hyman Rickover, Johnny Cash, Cab Calloway, Eddie Bracken, Pat Carroll
1983 Tammy Wynette, Rita Coolidge, Oscar Shumsky, Chuck Mangione
1984 Liberace, Neil Young, Mickey Gilley, Malcolm Frager
1985 Gerald Ford, Ray Charles, David Copperfield, Roy Clark, Sergiu Comissiona, Betsy Palmer
1986 Tom Jones, Joe Biden, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Malcolm Frager, Red Skelton
1987 Randy Travis, Henry Kissinger, Marie Osmond, Tony Bennett, Imogene Coca, Frank Gorshin
1988 Jimmy Carter, Ray Stevens, Everly Brothers, Jay Leno, Malcolm Frager, Dave Brubeck, Ronnie Milsap, Roger Williams, Mitzi Gaynor
1989 Anne Murray
1990 Willie Nelson, Ann Margaret, Pat Boone
1991 Rudolph Nureyev
1992 Dick Vitale
1993 Timothy Leary, Jim Davis
1994 Jesse Jackson, Judy Collins, Chris Rock
1995 Dr. Ruth Westheimer, The Smothers Brothers
1996 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
1997 Bob Dylan, Carrot Top, Adam Sandler
1998 Jeff Foxworthy, BB King, Clay Walker/Dixie Chicks
1999 Wynton Marsalis, Kenny Chesney
2000 Gallagher, Elie Wiesel
2002 Penn & Teller
2003 Bill Cosby, Lewis Black, Willie Nelson, George Carlin, Rascal Flatts
2004 Dave Chappelle, Brad Paisley, Keith Urban, Eric Schlosser
2005 Ron White, Malcolm Gladwell
2006 Ben Folds, Bo Diddley, Chris Botti and David Sanborn
2007 Mickey Rooney, Joe Bonamassa
2008 Vince Gill, Jeff Dunham
2009 David Sedaris, Loretta Lynn, Jason Aldean
2010 Jim Brickman, David Letterman and Biz Stone
2011 Tommy Emmanuel, Dierks Bentley, David Letterman and Rachel Maddow
2012 Jeannette Walls, David Axelrod, David Letterman and Oprah Winfrey
2013 Bob Knight, Hunter Hayes, Garrison Keillor, Martina McBride
In October 2013, Emens featured appearances by:
Bob Knight: one of the few coaches to have reached 900 wins
Florida Georgia Line: With their "Here For The Good Times" Tour, Brian Kelley and Tyler Hubbard known as Florida Georgia Line, have several hit singles that have topped the charts. Their mega-hit song 'Cruise' has now spent a total of 17 weeks in the No. 1 position on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart - the longest any song has held that spot in 50 years.
Rhythmic Circus: a troupe of 11 internationally renowned artists, created and performs the applauded theatrical production that celebrates the indomitable power of the human spirit. An award-winning ensemble pilot the audience on a musical voyage telling the tale of four tap dancing misfits who cross paths with a nutty private investigator possessing the extraordinarily bizarre power to halt time.
Soledad O'Brien: an award-winning journalist, documentarian, news anchor and producer. O'Brien was the originator of Black in America and Latino in America.
Jason Mraz: Grammy winning singer and songwriter
Bradley Fields: captivates the audience with their famous magic illusions, as they turn them on to the history, the power and beauty of the language of Math!
Hello Dolly: first produced on Broadway in 1964, winning ten Tony Awards including Best Musical. This classic has become one of the most enduring musical theater hits, enjoying three Broadway revivals as well as international success. The 1969 film adaptation starring Barbra Streisand was nominated for seven Academy Awards. The show's album, Hello, Dolly!, an Original Cast Recording, was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2002.
The Price Is Right: the hit interactive stage show that gives contestants pulled right from the audience the chance to "Come On Down" to win appliances, vacations and even new cars by playing classic games from television's longest running and most popular game show.
Hunter Hayes: The Country Music Association's choice as the best New Artist of 2012 earned their trophy because of their intense, single-minded dedication to their music. Hunter Hayes works at their craft virtually every waking hour. In their world, there are no days off.
Sierra Hull: the first bluegrass musician to receive a Presidential Scholarship to the Berklee College of Music. Signing with Rounder Records at the age of 13, Sierra has always had a passion for their music. In the past three years, they have received five International Bluegrass Music Association nominations.]
References
External links
http://www.bsu.edu/emens
Historic photographs of Emens Auditorium from the Ball State University Digital Media Repository
Ball State University
Theatres in Indiana
University and college buildings completed in 1964
Buildings and structures in Muncie, Indiana
Tourist attractions in Muncie, Indiana
1964 establishments in Indiana
Theatres completed in 1964
Simply Read Books is a children's specific publishing house situated in Vancouver, BC, Canada.
Awards (incomplete list)
Books published by Simply Read Books have won the following awards:
Governor General's Literary Award for Children's Literature, Illustration
Marilyn Baillie Picture Book Award
Awards for Excellence in Book Design in Canada by the Alcuin Society
Authors and illustrators (incomplete list)
Duncan Weller
Kari-Lynn Winters
Shaun Tan
John Marsden (writer)
Iassen Ghiuselev
Elisa Gutiérrez
Matthew Porter
Sara O'Leary
Julie Morstad
Thomas Aquinas Maguire
Ryan Heshka
Dan Bar-el
Tamara James
Christine Dencer
Ashley Spires
Controversy
Simply Read Books has had complaints of late payments, breaches of contracts, and other allegations by many of its authors. This publisher had been the subject of negative articles in Publishers Weekly, the CBC (Canadian Broadcasting Company), and the Quill and Quire.
References
External links
Simply Read Books webpage
Book publishing companies of Canada
Dundowran is a rural locality in the Fraser Coast Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Dundowran had a population of 909 people.
Geography
Dundowran has mixed land use, including residential, industrial and agricultural (dry and irrigated crops and grazing on native vegetation). There are also two quarries.
History
The name Dundowran might be derived from the Kabi language "thundarun" indicating plum tree, a reference to either the Burdekin plum (Pleiogynuim timorense) or the Davidsons plum (Davidsonia pruriens). However, it might also be named for the Queensland kauri pine (Agathis robusta).
Dundowran Provisional School opened on 28 September 1891, becoming Dundowran State School on 1 January 1909. It closed in December 1960. The school was initially located on the "Red Road" (the sloping road from the Dundowran Hall to Nikenbah) but was later moved a mile away to a location near the entrance of the quarry.
In the , Dundowran had a population of 909 people.
Heritage listings
Dundowran has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
166 Craignish Road: Gallagher and Bagnell grave site
407 Lower Mountain Road: Dundowran Recreational Hall
Education
There are no schools in Dundowran. The nearest primary school is Yarrilee State School in Uraween to the east and Hervey Bay State High School in Pialba to the north-east.
References
Further reading
Fraser Coast Region
Localities in Queensland
The Ongole Urban Development Authority (OUDA) is an urban planning agency in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It was constituted on 1 January 2019, under Andhra Pradesh Metropolitan Region and Urban Development Authorities Act, 2016 with the headquarters located at Ongole.
Jurisdiction
The jurisdictional area of OUDA is spread over an area of and has a population of 18.24 lakhs. It covers 667 villages in 39 mandals of Prakasam and Guntur districts. This 39 Mandals includes 15 villages of two Mandals of Guntur district. The below table lists the urban areas of OUDA.
References
Prakasam district
Urban development authorities of Andhra Pradesh
State urban development authorities of India
Carrog is a village in the community of Llanbadrig, Ynys Môn, Wales. Recent excavations of a circular hill-top enclosure show that people have inhabited this area since at least the Late Bronze Age or even the Early Iron Age.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Vector calculus, or vector analysis, is concerned with differentiation and integration of vector fields, primarily in 3-dimensional Euclidean space The term "vector calculus" is sometimes used as a synonym for the broader subject of multivariable calculus, which spans vector calculus as well as partial differentiation and multiple integration. Vector calculus plays an important role in differential geometry and in the study of partial differential equations. It is used extensively in physics and engineering, especially in the description of
electromagnetic fields, gravitational fields, and fluid flow.
Vector calculus was developed from quaternion analysis by J. Willard Gibbs and Oliver Heaviside near the end of the 19th century, and most of the notation and terminology was established by Gibbs and Edwin Bidwell Wilson in their 1901 book, Vector Analysis. In the conventional form using cross products, vector calculus does not generalize to higher dimensions, while the alternative approach of geometric algebra which uses exterior products does (see below for more).
Basic objects
Scalar fields
A scalar field associates a scalar value to every point in a space. The scalar is a mathematical number representing a physical quantity. Examples of scalar fields in applications include the temperature distribution throughout space, the pressure distribution in a fluid, and spin-zero quantum fields (known as scalar bosons), such as the Higgs field. These fields are the subject of scalar field theory.
Vector fields
A vector field is an assignment of a vector to each point in a space. A vector field in the plane, for instance, can be visualized as a collection of arrows with a given magnitude and direction each attached to a point in the plane. Vector fields are often used to model, for example, the speed and direction of a moving fluid throughout space, or the strength and direction of some force, such as the magnetic or gravitational force, as it changes from point to point. This can be used, for example, to calculate work done over a line.
Vectors and pseudovectors
In more advanced treatments, one further distinguishes pseudovector fields and pseudoscalar fields, which are identical to vector fields and scalar fields, except that they change sign under an orientation-reversing map: for example, the curl of a vector field is a pseudovector field, and if one reflects a vector field, the curl points in the opposite direction. This distinction is clarified and elaborated in geometric algebra, as described below.
Vector algebra
The algebraic (non-differential) operations in vector calculus are referred to as vector algebra, being defined for a vector space and then globally applied to a vector field. The basic algebraic operations consist of:
Also commonly used are the two triple products:
Operators and theorems
Differential operators
Vector calculus studies various differential operators defined on scalar or vector fields, which are typically expressed in terms of the del operator (), also known as "nabla". The three basic vector operators are:
Also commonly used are the two Laplace operators:
A quantity called the Jacobian matrix is useful for studying functions when both the domain and range of the function are multivariable, such as a change of variables during integration.
Integral theorems
The three basic vector operators have corresponding theorems which generalize the fundamental theorem of calculus to higher dimensions:
In two dimensions, the divergence and curl theorems reduce to the Green's theorem:
Applications
Linear approximations
Linear approximations are used to replace complicated functions with linear functions that are almost the same. Given a differentiable function with real values, one can approximate for close to by the formula
The right-hand side is the equation of the plane tangent to the graph of at
Optimization
For a continuously differentiable function of several real variables, a point P (that is, a set of values for the input variables, which is viewed as a point in Rn) is critical if all of the partial derivatives of the function are zero at P, or, equivalently, if its gradient is zero. The critical values are the values of the function at the critical points.
If the function is smooth, or, at least twice continuously differentiable, a critical point may be either a local maximum, a local minimum or a saddle point. The different cases may be distinguished by considering the eigenvalues of the Hessian matrix of second derivatives.
By Fermat's theorem, all local maxima and minima of a differentiable function occur at critical points. Therefore, to find the local maxima and minima, it suffices, theoretically, to compute the zeros of the gradient and the eigenvalues of the Hessian matrix at these zeros.
Physics and engineering
Vector calculus is particularly useful in studying:
Center of mass
Field theory
Kinematics
Maxwell's equations
Generalizations
Different 3-manifolds
Vector calculus is initially defined for Euclidean 3-space, which has additional structure beyond simply being a 3-dimensional real vector space, namely: a norm (giving a notion of length) defined via an inner product (the dot product), which in turn gives a notion of angle, and an orientation, which gives a notion of left-handed and right-handed. These structures give rise to a volume form, and also the cross product, which is used pervasively in vector calculus.
The gradient and divergence require only the inner product, while the curl and the cross product also requires the handedness of the coordinate system to be taken into account (see cross product and handedness for more detail).
Vector calculus can be defined on other 3-dimensional real vector spaces if they have an inner product (or more generally a symmetric nondegenerate form) and an orientation; note that this is fewer data than an isomorphism to Euclidean space, as it does not require a set of coordinates (a frame of reference), which reflects the fact that vector calculus is invariant under rotations (the special orthogonal group SO(3)).
More generally, vector calculus can be defined on any 3-dimensional oriented Riemannian manifold, or more generally pseudo-Riemannian manifold. This structure simply means that the tangent space at each point has an inner product (more generally, a symmetric nondegenerate form) and an orientation, or more globally that there is a symmetric nondegenerate metric tensor and an orientation, and works because vector calculus is defined in terms of tangent vectors at each point.
Other dimensions
Most of the analytic results are easily understood, in a more general form, using the machinery of differential geometry, of which vector calculus forms a subset. Grad and div generalize immediately to other dimensions, as do the gradient theorem, divergence theorem, and Laplacian (yielding harmonic analysis), while curl and cross product do not generalize as directly.
From a general point of view, the various fields in (3-dimensional) vector calculus are uniformly seen as being k-vector fields: scalar fields are 0-vector fields, vector fields are 1-vector fields, pseudovector fields are 2-vector fields, and pseudoscalar fields are 3-vector fields. In higher dimensions there are additional types of fields (scalar/vector/pseudovector/pseudoscalar corresponding to 0/1/n−1/n dimensions, which is exhaustive in dimension 3), so one cannot only work with (pseudo)scalars and (pseudo)vectors.
In any dimension, assuming a nondegenerate form, grad of a scalar function is a vector field, and div of a vector field is a scalar function, but only in dimension 3 or 7 (and, trivially, in dimension 0 or 1) is the curl of a vector field a vector field, and only in 3 or 7 dimensions can a cross product be defined (generalizations in other dimensionalities either require vectors to yield 1 vector, or are alternative Lie algebras, which are more general antisymmetric bilinear products). The generalization of grad and div, and how curl may be generalized is elaborated at Curl: Generalizations; in brief, the curl of a vector field is a bivector field, which may be interpreted as the special orthogonal Lie algebra of infinitesimal rotations; however, this cannot be identified with a vector field because the dimensions differ – there are 3 dimensions of rotations in 3 dimensions, but 6 dimensions of rotations in 4 dimensions (and more generally dimensions of rotations in n dimensions).
There are two important alternative generalizations of vector calculus. The first, geometric algebra, uses k-vector fields instead of vector fields (in 3 or fewer dimensions, every k-vector field can be identified with a scalar function or vector field, but this is not true in higher dimensions). This replaces the cross product, which is specific to 3 dimensions, taking in two vector fields and giving as output a vector field, with the exterior product, which exists in all dimensions and takes in two vector fields, giving as output a bivector (2-vector) field. This product yields Clifford algebras as the algebraic structure on vector spaces (with an orientation and nondegenerate form). Geometric algebra is mostly used in generalizations of physics and other applied fields to higher dimensions.
The second generalization uses differential forms (k-covector fields) instead of vector fields or k-vector fields, and is widely used in mathematics, particularly in differential geometry, geometric topology, and harmonic analysis, in particular yielding Hodge theory on oriented pseudo-Riemannian manifolds. From this point of view, grad, curl, and div correspond to the exterior derivative of 0-forms, 1-forms, and 2-forms, respectively, and the key theorems of vector calculus are all special cases of the general form of Stokes' theorem.
From the point of view of both of these generalizations, vector calculus implicitly identifies mathematically distinct objects, which makes the presentation simpler but the underlying mathematical structure and generalizations less clear.
From the point of view of geometric algebra, vector calculus implicitly identifies k-vector fields with vector fields or scalar functions: 0-vectors and 3-vectors with scalars, 1-vectors and 2-vectors with vectors. From the point of view of differential forms, vector calculus implicitly identifies k-forms with scalar fields or vector fields: 0-forms and 3-forms with scalar fields, 1-forms and 2-forms with vector fields. Thus for example the curl naturally takes as input a vector field or 1-form, but naturally has as output a 2-vector field or 2-form (hence pseudovector field), which is then interpreted as a vector field, rather than directly taking a vector field to a vector field; this is reflected in the curl of a vector field in higher dimensions not having as output a vector field.
See also
Analysis of vector-valued curves
Real-valued function
Function of a real variable
Function of several real variables
Vector calculus identities
Vector algebra relations
Del in cylindrical and spherical coordinates
Directional derivative
Conservative vector field
Solenoidal vector field
Laplacian vector field
Helmholtz decomposition
Orthogonal coordinates
Skew coordinates
Curvilinear coordinates
Tensor
Geometric calculus
References
Citations
Sources
Sandro Caparrini (2002) "The discovery of the vector representation of moments and angular velocity", Archive for History of Exact Sciences 56:151–81.
Barry Spain (1965) Vector Analysis, 2nd edition, link from Internet Archive.
Chen-To Tai (1995). A historical study of vector analysis. Technical Report RL 915, Radiation Laboratory, University of Michigan.
External links
A survey of the improper use of ∇ in vector analysis (1994) Tai, Chen-To
Vector Analysis: A Text-book for the Use of Students of Mathematics and Physics, (based upon the lectures of Willard Gibbs) by Edwin Bidwell Wilson, published 1902.
Earliest Known Uses of Some of the Words of Mathematics: Vector Analysis
Mathematical physics
Standing on the Rooftop is the sixth studio album by American jazz singer Madeleine Peyroux. It was released on June 14, 2011. Peyroux had previously released an EP to promote the album, which included the cover "Martha My Dear" and the new song "The Things I Have Seen Today".
Recording
According to the EPK of the album, Peyroux had made some live demos of the songs and sent them to producer Craig Street, to which they responded well. Having lived in New York City for long periods of time, Peyroux chose to have recording sessions there in February 2011.
This was the first album of Peyroux with Decca and their first with producer Craig Street, interrupting their longtime collaboration with Larry Klein. After Bare Bones, which consisted of only original songs, Standing on the Rooftop featured originals, along with three covers, "Martha My Dear", "I Threw It All Away" and "Love in Vain", plus Marc Ribot's "Lay Your Sleeping Head, My Love", a musical adaptation of a poem by W.H. Auden. It also paired Peyroux with new songwriting partners, like Rolling Stones' bassist Bill Wyman.
Reception
The album peaked at number three at the Billboard Jazz Albums chart. The album also debuted at number sixty eight on the Canadian Albums Chart.
Track listing
"Martha My Dear" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) – 2:32
"The Kind You Can't Afford" (Peyroux, Bill Wyman)– 3:59
"Leaving Home Again" (Peyroux, Wyman)– 3:35
"The Things I've Seen Today" (Peyroux, Jenny Scheinman)– 3:44
"Fickle Dove" (Peyroux, Scheinman)– 3:28
"Lay Your Sleeping Head, My Love" (music by Marc Ribot, lyrics by W. H. Auden) – 3:23
"Standing on the Rooftop" (David Batteau, Peyroux) – 5:46
"I Threw It All Away (Bob Dylan) – 3:15
"The Party Oughta Be Comin' Soon" (Peyroux) – 5:00
"Superhero" (Jonatha Brooke, Peyroux) – 3:21
"Love in Vain" (Robert Johnson) – 3:40
"Don't Pick a Fight with a Poet" (Peyroux, Andy Scott Rosen) – 4:28
"Meet Me in Rio" (Peyroux) – 3:51
"Ophelia" (Batteau, Peyroux) – 5:12
"The Way of All Things" (Peyroux) – 4:02
Personnel
Madeleine Peyroux – vocals
John Kirby – keyboards
Glen Patscha – keyboards
Patrick Warren – keyboards
Allen Toussaint – piano
Jenny Scheinman – violin
Christopher Bruce – guitar
Marc Ribot – guitar
Meshell Ndegeocello - bass guitar
Charley Drayton – drums
Mauro Refosco – percussion
Charts
References
2011 albums
Madeleine Peyroux albums
Decca Records albums
Albums produced by Craig Street
John Cusack (1925–2020) was an Irish hurler who played as a full-back for the Waterford senior team.
Cusack, after an uneventful underage career, played for the senior team throughout the 1940s and the 1950s. During that time they won one All-Ireland medal and one Munster medal.
At club level Cusack played with Rathgormack Winning Senior Hurling Medal with Clonea in 1952 against T. F. Meaghers on a Scoreline of 1–10 to 2-01
References
1925 births
2002 deaths
Clonea hurlers
Waterford inter-county hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Erigeron latus is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name broad fleabane. It is native to the Great Basin of the western United States. The natural range is small but split between 3 counties in 3 states: Malheur County in Oregon, Owyhee County in Idaho, and Elko County in Nevada.
Description
Erigeron latus is a small perennial herb rarely more than 8 centimeters (0.8 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves are mostly crowded around the base of the stem. Both the stem and the leaves are covered with stiff hairs. The plant generally produces only one flower head per stem, each head with up to 25 purple or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
Flora of the Great Basin
latus
Plants described in 1913
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The uterine cavity is the inside of the uterus.
It is triangular in shape, the base (the broadest part) being formed by the internal surface of the fundus between the orifices of the uterine tubes, the apex by the internal orifice of the uterus through which the cavity of the body communicates with the canal of the cervix. The uterine cavity of the body of the uterus is a mere slit, flattened antero-posteriorly.
References
Uterus
Francis Loomis may refer to:
Francis B. Loomis (1861–1948), 25th United States Assistant Secretary of State
Francis Loomis (lieutenant governor) (1812–1892), Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut, 1877–1879
Francis Wheeler Loomis (1889–1976), American scientist
Francis B. Loomis Jr. (1903–1989), United States Marine Corps general
See also
Frank Loomis (1896–1971), American athlete
Loomis (surname)
The South African Policing Union (SAPU) was established in November 1993 and has an extensive membership within the policing cluster which includes the South African Police Service (SAPS), Department of Correctional Services (DCS), Metro Police Departments and Traffic Departments.
SAPU is a participating union in the Public Service Co-ordinating Bargaining Council (PSCBC) and the Safety and Security Sectoral Bargaining Council (SSSBC) where transverse and sector employee issues are negotiated. On December 23, 2020, Peter Ntsime, the Acting Deputy General Secretary of SAPU, declared that SAPS' image was tainted the previous when Colonel Kamelash Dalip Singh, a senior SAPU police officer from the KwaZulu-Natal Provincial Anti-Corruption Unit, was arrested, and then released on bail, on a bribe charge. Ntsime claimed Singh was at the forefront of arresting crooked police officers and was onto a big syndicate. Despite a statement from Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation (Hawks) spokesperson Captain Simphiwe Mhlongo that undercover Hawks cops caught Singh red-handed accepting a R5,000 bribes, people took to social media to join Ntsime in criticizing their arrest as well.
References
External links
http://www.csvr.org.za/wits/papers/papmmna.htm
Trade unions in South Africa
Law enforcement in South Africa
Ruditapes largillierti is a saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams. They are moderately large for their genus (45–65 mm long), elongate and subrectangular, thick and solid, with smooth ventral margin.
The species has limited use to people and the seafood industry because it resides in very deep ocean water and contains a very common pearl.
References
CSIRO
GNS Science
Veneridae
Commercial molluscs
Bivalves of New Zealand
Bivalves described in 1849
Charles Edward Barnabe (June 12, 1900 – August 16, 1977) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. They played for the Chicago White Sox.
References
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Chicago White Sox players
Big Spring Barons players
Dallas Steers players
Edmonton Elks players
Evansville Evas players
Evansville Little Evas players
Evansville Pocketeers players
Fort Worth Panthers players
Little Rock Travelers players
Portland Beavers players
Shreveport Sports players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
Waco Cubs players
Yakima Indians players
Baseball players from Colorado
1900 births
1977 deaths
People from Gilpin County, Colorado
Madame de Pompadour at their Tambour Frame is a 1753-64 painting by François-Hubert Drouais showing Madame de Pompadour embroidering. It is now in the National Gallery, London.
External links
http://www.nationalgallery.org.uk/paintings/francois-hubert-drouais-madame-de-pompadour-at-her-tambour-frame
Collections of the National Gallery, London
1764 paintings
Pompadour
Cultural depictions of Madame de Pompadour
Women in art
Dogs in art
Dhumah Eri Thari is a 2001 Maldivian drama film written and directed by Mohamed Abdul Hakeem. Produced by Hussain Rasheed under Farivaa Films, the film stars Ahmed Asim, Aishath Humeydha, Raifa Yoosuf and Mohamed Abdul Hakeem in pivotal roles. The film narrates the story of two sisters who are ready to sacrifice their own happiness for the sake of the other.
Plot
Sithura and Thasleema are two orphans and exemplary siblings who unconditionally love each other. Thasleema treats their younger sister like a mother. Javid, a law graduate, returns to their island and starts a romantic relationship with Sithura, while Thasleema is smitten by them but too timid to reveal their feelings. Javid's mother arranges their marriage with Thasleema. The latter shares the news with Sithura, who rejoices in their sister's happiness with a broken heart. To pave the way into their sister's joy, Sithura marries a thug, Ajuwad, despite Thasleema's disapproval. The two sisters separate and walk in their own path until fate brings them together ruining Thasleema's gleeful life.
Cast
Ahmed Asim as Javid
Aishath Humeydha as Fathimath Sithura
Raifa Yoosuf as Thasleema
Mohamed Abdul Hakeem as Ajuwad Hassan
Mohamed Ibrahim
Haajara Abdul Kareem as Dhon Kaiydha; Javid's mother
Suheil
Suzeyn
Ahmed Ibrahim
Ahmed Anwar
Aishath Gulfa
Ahmed Naseem
Dhon Kamana
Baby Zayan
Baby Zeeko
Soundtrack
Response
Upon release, the film received mixed to positive reviews from critics, where the performance of the lead actors were praised though the predictable storyline was lauded for its melodrama.
References
Maldivian drama films
2001 films
Jacques Garrigan was a bookseller in Avignon, France, in the 18th century.
Titles published by Garrigan
See also
Books in France
References
External links
Garrigan, Jacques (1725 – ). Consortium of European Research Libraries.
French booksellers
1725 births
Businesspeople from Avignon
Year of death missing
Animation Domination (also called AniDom, Fox AD, and AD) is an American animated programming block which has aired in two iterations on the Fox broadcast network, featuring a lineup solely made up of prime-time animation and adult animation carried as a majority of, or the whole of, the network's Sunday evening schedule (outside of sports pre-emptions and early hour programming burn offs). It originally ran from May 1, 2005, until September 21, 2014, before returning on September 29, 2019.
History
Original run
Animation Domination debuted on Fox on May 1, 2005, in time for the last sweeps period of the 2004–05 television season. The first program to originate on the block was American Dad!, although its "pilot" aired as a Super Bowl lead-out program on February 6, 2005. Rounding out the Animation Domination lineup alongside American Dad! were The Simpsons (the longest-running cartoon on Fox and the network's first primetime animated series, which predated the lineup by 16 years), King of the Hill (which predated the lineup by eight years) and Family Guy (which predated the lineup by six years, and was revived as a series three years after its 2002 cancellation as a result of newfound popularity through reruns on Fox lineup and sales of the first, second, and third-season episodes on DVD).
Beginning in the fall of 2014, the Animation Domination block was replaced by the Sunday Funday block, with the addition of live-action comedies Brooklyn Nine-Nine (which moved to Sunday night for its second season), first-year student series Mulaney (which was canceled in early 2015), and, as of March 2015, the Will Forte sitcom, The Last Man on Earth. This marks the first time that the network has regularly aired live-action comedies on Sundays (outside of burn-offs of failed weeknight series) since 2005.
Return
The block returned on September 29, 2019, with previous AD series The Simpsons, Bob's Burgers, Family Guy, and the new series Bless the Harts. Duncanville debuted on February 16, 2020.
In April 2020, Fox Entertainment announced their partnership with Caffeine to produce the AniDom Beyond Show, a recap show hosted by Andy Richter. The show aired its finale on May 18, 2020 and it is unknown whether it will return in the future.
The Great North debuted on January 3, 2021.
On May 31, 2021, Animation Domination temporarily expanded into Mondays with Duncanville and the new series HouseBroken.
Two new animated series, Krapopolis and Grimsburg, will premiere in the 2022–23 season, with Krapopolis airing a special preview episode on November 27, 2022.
On January 18, 2022, Fox announced they would be eyeing a two-hour Monday block in May 2023.
Programming
Current programming
Upcoming programming
Former programming
Current lineup
Note: The 7 p.m. hour is scheduled to be preempted every 2nd, 4th and 5th Sundays from 9/11/22–1/8/23 due to the network's coverage of Fox NFL and The OT.
Animation Domination High-Def
On January 8, 2013, Fox announced that it would launch an adult animation spin-off to its Sunday evening block called Animation Domination High-Def (ADHD). It originally broadcast on Saturday evenings for 90 minutes from 11:00 p.m. to 12:30 a.m. local time in most markets. It was later reduced to 11:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. on September 7, 2013, with the 12:00 a.m. half-hour being given back to its owned-and-operated stations and affiliates to carry other programming. Some of its affiliates delayed the block by 30 minutes to an hour to run late evening newscasts (sports overruns occasionally caused further delays).
The last edition of ADHD on Fox aired on March 5, 2016, with the new Lonely Island sketch comedy series Party Over Here to premiere in the slot on March 12.
See also
List of programs broadcast by Fox
Animation on Fox
Fox Sunday Night
20th Century Animation
20th Television Animation
Animation Throwdown: The Quest for Cards
References
Informational notes
External links
Television programming blocks in the United States
Fox Broadcasting Company
2005 introductions
The harlequin antbird (Rhegmatorhina berlepschi) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to Brazil.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
This species is a specialist ant-follower that depends on swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter.
References
harlequin antbird
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Endemic birds of Brazil
harlequin antbird
harlequin antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 9th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee in the American Civil War. Notable battle the regiment was involved in include the Battle of Shiloh.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
9th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
9th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
9th Tennessee Infantry Regiment
Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-B is a Unicode block containing miscellaneous mathematical symbols, including brackets, angles, and circle symbols.
Block
Some of these symbols are used in Z notation. Specifically
The last two symbols are used in combinatorial game theory
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Miscellaneous Mathematical Symbols-B block:
See also
Mathematical operators and symbols in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Meinir is a hamlet in the community of Llannerch-y-medd, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 138.5 miles (222.9 km) from Cardiff and 220.2 miles (354.3 km) from London.
The name "Meinir" in the Welsh language means 'girl'.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The North Star Conference or NSC was a women's conference in the NCAA. The conference existed from the 1983–84 school year through the 1991–92 school year. Originally announced in 1983, the conference was formed by charter members Butler, Dayton, DePaul, Detroit, Evansville, Loyola (Chicago), Notre Dame, and Xavier. Although the conference was to offer competition in cross-country, softball, swimming, tennis, and volleyball, the conference was created primarily as a basketball conference. With the exception of Butler and Dayton, all charter members' women's basketball teams were already competing at the NCAA Division I level; Butler and Dayton upgraded their teams from NCAA Division II and commenced competition in the conference's second season. The conference was effectively absorbed by the Mid-Continent Conference (now known as The Summit League), as six of its final seven members moved their women's sports to that organization (the remaining member, Akron, moved all its sports for both sexes to the Mid-American Conference).
Membership
Akron 1988-1989 through 1991-1992
Butler 1984-1985 through 1985-1986
Cleveland State 1988-1989 through 1991-1992
Dayton 1984-1985 through 1987-1988
DePaul 1983-1984 through 1990-1991
Detroit 1983-1984 through 1985-1986
Evansville 1983-1984 through 1985-1986
Illinois-Chicago 1988-1989 through 1991-1992
Loyola (Illinois) 1983-1984 through 1985-1986
Marquette 1986-1987 through 1988-1989
Northern Illinois 1987-1988 through 1991-1992
Notre Dame 1983-1984 through 1987-1988
Valparaiso 1987-1988 through 1991-1992
Wisconsin-Green Bay 1988-1989 through 1991-1992
Wright State 1990-1991 through 1991-1992
Xavier 1983-1984 through 1985-1986
Membership timeline
Commissioner
Jean Ponsetto 1987–1989
Women's Basketball
Conference Champions
Regular season
Conference Tournament
Honors
Coach of the Year
1983-84
1984-85 Mary DiStanislao, Notre Dame
1985-86 Mary DiStanislao, Notre Dame
1986-87
1987-88 Muffet McGraw, Notre Dame
1988-89 Jane Albright-Dieterle, Northern Illinois
1989-90 Jane Albright-Dieterle, Northern Illinois
1990-91
1991-92
Player of the Year
1983-84
1984-85
1985-86 Trena Keys, Notre Dame
1986-87 Trena Keys, Notre Dame
1987-88
1988-89
1989-90 Carol Owens, Northern Illinois
1990-91 Lisa Foss, Northern Illinois
1991-92
Attendance
Women's Volleyball
Conference Champions
Regular season
Season Number of Teams School
1983 6
1984 8
1985 8
1986 4
1987 6
1988 8 Northern Illinois
1989 7
1990 8
1991 7
Conference Tournament
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20080510134324/http://www2.ncaa.org/portal/media_and_events/ncaa_publications/records_books/winter/basketball/index.html
Sports in the Midwestern United States
Defunct NCAA Division I conferences
Summit League
1983 establishments in the United States
1992 disestablishments in the United States
Sport leagues established in 1983
Sport leagues disestablished in 1992
The Todhri script is an 18th-century Albanian alphabetical writing system invented for writing the Albanian language by Theodhor Haxhifilipi, also known as Dhaskal Todhri.
History
It is a complex writing system of fifty-two characters which was used sporadically for written communication in and around Elbasan from the late eighteenth century on. The earliest dated text in Todhri's script is Radhua Hesapesh (daybook) of a local merchant partnership known as Jakov Popa i Vogël dhe Shokët (Jakov Popa Junior and Friends). The entries in Todhri's script start on 10 August 1795 and continue until 1797. An even older text written in Todhri script was discovered recently in a family notebook in Elbasan, dated 1st of January 1780. Other older texts possibly written by Todhri themselves cannot be dated or confirmed.
The Todhri script was rediscovered in Elbasan by Johann Georg von Hahn (1811–1869) who published it in 1854 their work Albanesische Studien in Jena. They thought it was 'the original' Albanian script and a derivative of the ancient Phoenician script. Leopold Geitler (1847–1885) and Slovenian scholar Rajko Nahtigal (1877–1958) subsequently studied the script, concluding that it was derived primarily from the Roman cursive.
See also
Elbasan script
Vithkuqi script
Vellara script
References
Albanian scripts
Alphabets
Obsolete writing systems
Constructed scripts
Alan R. Baker is a professor of Philosophy in Swarthmore College (Pennsylvania, United States), specializing in the philosophy of mathematics and the philosophy of science.  They are also a former U.S. shogi champion.
Academic career
Baker did their undergraduate studies at the University of Cambridge, earning a bachelor's degree in philosophy with first class honours in 1991. They then moved to the U.S. for graduate school, earning a master's degree in 1995 and a Ph.D. in 1999, both in philosophy from Princeton University. Their doctoral supervisors were Paul Benacerraf and Gideon Rosen. After working as an assistant professor at Xavier University, they moved to Swarthmore in 2003.
Philosophically, Baker is a mathematical realist who has used examples from evolutionary biology to show the necessity of mathematics in scientific reasoning.
In 2005 The New York Times published an excerpt from the exam from their “Introduction to Metaphysics and Epistemology” course in its “pop quiz” column.
Shogi
In 2005, Baker founded a shogi club at Swarthmore College, outside Philadelphia, which is one of only two college-based shogi clubs in the United States. The other club is Cornell University Shogi Club, which was founded in August 2017.
Baker is also a former U.S. shogi champion, having won the 13th U.S. Shogi Championship in 2008. their ELO rating of 2107 placed them in 20th place on the Federation of European Shogi Associations (FESA) bi-annual rating list.
Tournament results:
2008: Winner, 13th U.S. Shogi Championship.
2008: 3rd place, Individual Tournament, 4th International Shogi Forum (Tendō).
2009: 2nd place, British Open Shogi Championship.
2014: Winner, Group B Individual Tournament, 6th International Shogi Forum (Shizuoka)
References
21st-century American philosophers
Philosophers from Pennsylvania
American shogi players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Philosophers of mathematics
Philosophers of science
Philosophical realism
Swarthmore College faculty
List of MPs elected in the 1790 British general election
This is a list of the 558 MPs or Members of Parliament elected to the 314 constituencies of the Parliament of Great Britain in 1790, the 17th Parliament of Great Britain and their replacements returned at subsequent by-elections, arranged by constituency.
By-elections
List of Great Britain by-elections (1790–1800)
See also
List of parliaments of Great Britain
Unreformed House of Commons
References
1790
1790 in Great Britain
Lists of Members of the Parliament of Great Britain
The 1954 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big 7 Conference in the 1954 college football season. The team was coached by Bill Glassford and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Before the season
At the conclusion of the previous season, coach Glassford's third losing season in five years, sentiment was strong for a change in leadership. However, while Glassford survived the strife, Athletic Director George Clark did resign their position. Clark had previously led the Nebraska football team, in 1945 and then again in 1948, before ascending to the position of Athletic Director. Another former Nebraska football coach, Adolph J. Lewandowski (1943–1944), was named as acting AD in their stead. Lewandowski eventually helped select Bill Orwig as the new permanent Athletic Director, a position they would hold through 1960. Glassford was kept on under Orwig, but the pressure was building for the Nebraska football program to regain its footing and build consistency going forward.
Schedule
Roster
Starters
Coaching staff
Game summaries
Minnesota
Opening against powerhouse rival Minnesota was a tall order to ask of the football team. Using the Split T Formation installed during the offseason, the Cornhuskers managed a single touchdown to avoid the shutout in Minneapolis, but the Golden Gophers had little trouble adding to their lead in the series, moving up to 28-5-2 against Nebraska to date.
Iowa State
The Cornhuskers bounced back from the season opener by trouncing the Cyclones in Lincoln, scoring often and allowing some reserve players to get some on-field time for experience. Nebraska didn't back off as the game progressed, and scored again with less than two minutes remaining. The victory extended the Cornhusker winning streak over Iowa State to nine games, as Nebraska improved to 39-8-1 in the series.
Kansas State
Year in and year out in recent times, Kansas State could be counted on as an automatic win for the Nebraska squad, until last year. In 1953, the Wildcats snapped their ten-game losing streak against the Cornhuskers, and so were not intimidated by the Nebraska squad upon meeting them in Lincoln. The Wildcats put on a defensive show, allowing the Cornhuskers only a field goal as the day wore on. With Nebraska clinging to a 3-0 lead and less than five minutes to play, the Cornhusker defense allowed a Wildcat touchdown, and Kansas State took away their sixth win in the 38-game series.
Oregon State
Smarting from allowing Kansas State another win, the Cornhuskers lit into underdog Oregon State, ensuring the results would come out as expected for the week. Nebraska was up by three touchdowns before the Beavers were able to even muster a single-touchdown response, and the win put the Cornhuskers up to 6-2 in the series to date.
Colorado
It was not yet clear what path the 1954 Cornhuskers were going to take, having started out 2-2 on the season. The Colorado game was likely to set the tone for the rest of the year, as Nebraska had to face the Buffaloes in Boulder. Colorado entered the game with a #11 ranking from the AP Poll, led the nation in rushing offense, and held the #10 position in total defense. The first half was a fistfight that sent both teams off the field for the break tied at 6-6, but after that it was all Nebraska. The nation's leading rushing team was outrushed by the Cornhuskers 280 to 231, and gave up a total of 380 yards on the day as Nebraska snapped Colorado's nine-game winning streak. It was the first time Nebraska had recorded a victory at Folsom Field. Colorado fell to 5-8 in the overall series.
Missouri
Bolstered by the victory in Boulder, but perhaps offended by the lack of attention given to them by the AP Poll after having knocked off the nation's #11 team on the road, Nebraska hosted a favored Missouri team in Lincoln. The first half was again a close affair, as the Cornhuskers held a mere 6-point lead at the half, but quickly scored two more times after the break to open the game up. Missouri did not give up, however, drawing within six points again. The Tigers had a chance to tie or go for the win when Nebraska was forced to punt inside the final minute. Nebraska prevailed when the punt returner was hit by two blockers and fumbled the ball, ending the game one play later. The win moved Nebraska to 26-18-2 over Missouri all time, snapped Missouri's three-game edge over the Cornhuskers, and returned the Victory Bell to Lincoln.
Kansas
Following the Missouri win, the AP Poll recognized Nebraska by moving them to a shared #20 ranking entering this game, the first time the Cornhuskers had been ranked since the beginning of 1951. Kansas attempted to hold the game close, and kept with seven points well into the third quarter, but the Cornhusker machine rolled up 416 yards on the day and pulled away to secure their 4th win in league play. The victory improved the Cornhuskers to 44-13-3 over the Jayhawks all time. Despite the win, Nebraska fell back out of the AP Poll.
Pittsburgh
Riding a wave of success, Nebraska played host to rival Pittsburgh for the annual homecoming match up. The Panthers were favored, but a savage battle on the field yielded no points for either team by the half as the Cornhuskers battled for national respect. Despite the effort, Pittsburgh's halftime adjustments broke through the Nebraska defense for two scores in the third quarter. A single Cornhusker reply was all the home team could muster in reply as the Panthers scored a third time near the end of the game. It was Nebraska's third straight loss in the series as they slipped to 3-13-3 against Pittsburgh to date.
Oklahoma
Perennial league champion Oklahoma brought Nebraska to Norman and quickly demolished the stunned Cornhuskers to close out the Big 7 conference schedule. It seemed like Nebraska might have still had a chance despite their 7-21 deficit at halftime, but the Sooners had little difficulty piling on the points afterward. Oklahoma's 55 points against the Cornhuskers were the most allowed in the program's history, and the scoring margin of 48 points was the worst since a 0-48 defeat, also handed down by the Sooners, in 1949. Oklahoma's record streak of wins over Nebraska was extended to 12, and Nebraska's series edge narrowed to a single-game margin of 16-15-3. Oklahoma went on to finish the season 10-0 and ranked #3 in the AP Poll. Under the relatively recent no-repeat bowl appearance rule implemented by the Big 7, Oklahoma was not permitted to represent the league in the Orange Bowl, and as the second-place Big 7 team, Nebraska instead got the nod to play in Miami on January 1.
Hawaii
The Cornhuskers were treated to a late season game against Hawaii, the first meeting of these teams, in Honolulu. The Cornhuskers quickly forgot their troubles against Oklahoma by piling 50 unanswered points on the hapless Rainbows for a dominating shutout victory to close the regular season. The defeat of Hawaii was Nebraska's most prolific since an identical 50-0 downing of Wyoming back in the 1934 season opener twenty years prior.
Duke
Nebraska was invited to the Orange Bowl for the first time in program history, and this game was the 11th in Nebraska's first-ever 11-game season as well as Nebraska's second-ever bowl game. The Cornhuskers had not played a postseason game since meeting Stanford in the 1941 Rose Bowl, while Duke had not seen a postseason game for ten years. Several opinion pieces of the time displayed disdain for the Big 7's no-repeat bowl rule, and that Oklahoma was not permitted to participate as Big 7 champion. Nebraska nonetheless attempted to make a game of it, coming back from a 0-14 halftime deficit to pull within 7, but the Blue Devils overwhelmed and dominated the day in the first and only meeting of these teams. Nebraska was outyarded 370-110, and 288-84 on the ground, to the dismay of a Nebraska team known for its ground attack. The entire Duke roster in attendance was able to get playing time, and Nebraska was unable to find success even against the Blue Devil reserves. Except for the 1941 Rose Bowl, it was the largest crowd that the Cornhuskers had ever played in front of, though as Duke began to roll and went up 27-7, many in the stands began to leave early. Said coach Glassford after the game: "I knew we'd have to play our best to stand a chance of beating Duke, but we came up with a stinking performance and got spanked."
After the season
Although the season did not exactly end on a high note, the winning record and first bowl game appearance since 1941 was more than enough to allow coach Glassford to retain their position and quiet the voices hoping for them to be replaced. For the sixth season in a row since taking over at Nebraska, Glassford had alternated winning and losing seasons, so even with the runner-up league finish and post season appearance, there was still no form of confidence that the winning performance could be maintained. Glassford's second place Big 7 record of 4-2 was enough to push their overall conference record back to the winning side, at 18-17-1 (.514), though their overall record was still lagging at 26-30-3 (.466). Nebraska's program all-time league percentage improved slightly to 138-54-12 (.706), while the overall record slipped to 342-178-34 (.648).
Future NFL and other professional league players
Charley Bryant, 1955 24th-round pick of the Green Bay Packers
Don Glantz, 1955 5th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Bob Smith, 1955 15th-round pick of the Cleveland Browns
Laverne Torczon, 1957 18th-round pick of the Cleveland Browns
References
Nebraska
Nebraska Cornhuskers football seasons
Nebraska Cornhuskers football
Jack Drake is a fictional character from DC Comics books, specifically the Batman titles. Jack is the father of Tim Drake, formerly the third Robin.
Fictional character biography
Initial history and family
A well-respected business person and archeologist, Jack Drake could never stay down in one place for long lengths of time. They did stick around Gotham City long enough to meet a young woman named Janet, who would later become their wife. The couple became a strong team in business, expanding their company far and wide.
As time passed, Janet gave birth to the Drake's first and only son, Timothy. Although the Drakes loved their son, business always seemed to take a higher priority; Tim was often left behind in a series of Gotham boarding schools while they traveled the world.
When Tim was still a young child, their parents took them to Haly's Circus. Worried that their son might be afraid, Janet was somewhat reluctant to attend, until Jack suggested that they have their picture taken with some performers. At that point, the headliners of the circus, the Flying Graysons, were passing by, and happily agreed to the photo. The youngest performer, Dick Grayson, who would later become the first Robin and later Nightwing, held young Tim in their arms and dedicated their performance to the small boy.
Moments later, tragedy struck when the elder two members of the Flying Graysons were killed before the eyes of their son Dick, and an entire audience, including Bruce Wayne and the Drake Family. The Drakes immediately rushed their son out of the tent, but not before young Tim caught sight of Batman offering Dick Grayson comfort. The Drakes, feeling sorry for Dick, would later mail the boy a copy of the picture that they had taken after learning that they become Bruce Wayne's legal ward.
Poisoned
Tim had discovered the identities of Batman and Robin when they were nine years old, after seeing Robin perform a trick only Dick Grayson could perform, on TV.
As the Drakes continued their travels around the world, Tim continued to follow the lives and careers of Batman and Robin. As such Tim was aware of Dick Grayson becoming Nightwing and Jason Todd becoming the second Robin. When Jason Todd was later murdered, Tim grew concerned that Batman was slowly getting out of control due to the absence of Robin. And so Tim would later approach Dick and Bruce, in the hopes of becoming the new Robin.
The Drakes' marriage began to sour at this point. During a trip over Haiti, the couple was captured by a psychotic holy man called the Obeah Man. The couple was held hostage for money, until the Batman came to save them. While Batman had arrested the Obeah Man, however, Jack and Janet were poisoned when they drank some of their voodoo man's water. Janet died instantly, while Jack was left in a coma.
Batman brought Jack back to Gotham and cared for Tim. Some months after their return, Jack came out of their coma, but was left a paraplegic. This new handicap and the loss of their wife led Jack to desire to reconnect with Tim, who by now had become Robin. Tim's duties as the Boy Wonder and their close relationship with Bruce Wayne caused a greater rift with their father, although they did attempt to reconcile.
Second marriage
In time, Jack regained the use of their legs with the aid of physical therapist Dana Winters. Although Dana was considerably younger than Jack, the two immediately felt an attraction for one another and began dating. Dana's involvement in the Drakes' lives was a blessing, as they were able to curb Jack's anger at their son being so distant and help Tim feel more connected to their father. In time, the pair married.
Soon afterward, however, Jack's company went bankrupt, and the family lost their mansion home. Jack fell into a deep depression, during which they began thinking more and more about their late wife, Janet. Jack eventually recovered with the aid of what is believed to be a fabled Valkyrie who came to him, urging them to move on.
Upon learning that Tim had lied to them about trying out for the school's football team, Jack began searching their son's room, until at last they found Tim's secret storage closet of Robin gear. Furious and hurt, Jack confronted Bruce Wayne with a gun. Although Bruce took the gun away, the damage was done; Jack knew the secret identities of Batman, Robin and Nightwing.
Not wishing to cause their father any more pain, Tim agreed that in exchange for their father's silence, they would give up the Robin mantle. This solution was short lived, however; when a massive gang war erupted in Gotham, and spilled over into Tim's school, where one of their classmates was the target of a rival mob family. Tim felt they had no alternative and returned to their life as the Boy Wonder. Although Jack disapproved, they realized that their son was too important to Gotham as Robin, and reluctantly allowed the boy to continue with their duties.
Death and aftermath
Jack died during the Identity Crisis storyline. Hired by the killer of Sue Dibny, Captain Boomerang breaks into the Drake family household in order to kill him. Jack, meanwhile, had been sent a gun by the same killer, in the hopes that Jack would kill Boomerang and place them as the supposed murderer of Sue. Jack shot Boomerang, who had stabbed them in the heart with one of their boomerangs. Following their father's death, Tim mourns painfully and becomes more dark and brooding. Dana, also grief-stricken, is taken to a clinic in Blüdhaven for psychological treatment. They have not been seen or heard from since the destruction of that city. Following the One Year Later event, Bruce Wayne adopts Tim.
Blackest Night
During the Blackest Night event, Jack and Janet Drake are among the deceased raised from their graves by black power rings and recruited to the Black Lantern Corps. Dick Grayson (now the new Batman) warns Tim (known as Red Robin) and tells them to return to Gotham. After Tim's arrival, Jack and Janet are joined by John and Mary Grayson (the parents of Dick), who were also reanimated as Black Lanterns. The foursome then begin their attack on the city, including their respective children, Damian Wayne (the new Robin), Commissioner James Gordon, and Oracle. The Black Lantern Graysons, the Drakes, and also some of the original Dark Knight's reanimated rogues gallery, retreat after Dick and Tim cryogenically suspended themselves as the undead army are unable to read any sign of life from them in their frozen states. Deadman later revives the former Boy Wonders after they left.
The New 52
In 2011, The New 52 rebooted the DC universe. Tim's parents are alive, as they were both in the Witness Protection Program, and asked Batman to look after Tim. It's also revealed that Drake is not their real name.
DC Rebirth
In "DC Rebirth", the Drake family's history has again changed and is closer to the original.
Other versions
A version of Jack Drake made a cameo in Batman: Earth One Volume Two. They work as one of Oswald Cobblepot's lieutenants, but is killed by the Riddler.
In other media
In The New Batman Adventures episode "Sins of the Father", there is a version of Jack Drake named Steven "Shifty" Drake, a small-time criminal who is partially based on Jason Todd's father Willis (much like how Tim is partially based on Jason) who began their criminal career as a teen, and eventually began working as a thug and one of Two-Face's henchmen. In the animated series The New Batman Adventures and the comic book tie-in The Batman Adventures: The Lost Years, Drake is shown admonishing their son for being a fan of and trying to imitate Batman and Robin and steals a chemical weapon Two-Face had planned to use to hold Gotham for ransom, unable to stomach the idea of killing millions of people. They leave a note to their young son Tim with a key, saying: "Sorry, Timmy, the heat's on. I got to leave a while. Hang on to these for me. Dad". They then kisses their son goodbye, knowing deep down that they will never see them again. Their body is eventually found in Metropolis near Hobs Bay, leaving Tim as an orphan under the custody of Bruce Wayne. After learning that their father was trying to stop Two-Face, Tim becomes the new Robin in order to help Batman foil the villain's plan, and to honor their father's dying wish.
Jack and Janet Drake appear in season 3 of Titans portrayed by Ryan Allen and Chantria Tram. Jack is depicted as an African-American man and Janet is depicted as a Cantonese woman where they run an Asian restaurant in Gotham City.
References
Batman characters
Fictional businesspeople
Fictional archaeologists
Comics characters introduced in 1990
Characters created by Marv Wolfman
Fictional characters with paraplegia
Applied drama (also known as applied theatre or applied performance) is an umbrella term for the use of theatrical practices and creativity that take participants and audience members further than mainstream theatre. It is often in response to conventional people with real life stories. The work often happens in non-conventional theatre spaces and social settings (e.g. schools, prisons, streets and alternative educational provisions). There are several forms and practices considered to be under the umbrella of applied theatre.
History
Applied drama is a term that has gained popularity towards the end of the 20th century to describe drama practice in an educational, community, or therapeutic context.
Applied drama can be either scripted or unscripted. Some practitioners focus primarily on improvisation, whereas others introduce a range of artistic practices such as developing scripted plays, devised performances, or indigenous forms of cultural performance. These are sometimes combined with new forms of digital communication.
Fields associated with applied drama
Playback Theatre
Playback Theatre involves audience or group members telling stories from their lives and viewing them as enacted by actors improvising. It can also be used in conjunction with narrative therapy.
Drama in health education
Drama in healthcare is drama created in medical contexts, often with the intention of rehabilitation.
This form of applied drama focuses on using theatre to educate, engage, and stimulate healing in medical professionals, patients, and the general public. Theatre and drama in healthcare are tilted towards informing the populace about health and improving their health and longevity irrespective of status or social stratification. This form of drama is often used to educate people on important health issues such as healthy eating, grief and loss, exercise, and sexual assault prevention. Examples include using actors to role-play health ailments in order to train healthcare professionals, performing plays focused on primary prevention, and facilitating drama workshops for patients.
Drama therapy
Drama therapy is the use of applied drama techniques to facilitate personal growth and promote mental health.
Drama therapy is rooted in a clinical practice, facilitated by licensed clinicians, that stimulates language, cognitive development and builds resilience.
Theatre for Development
Theatre for development uses applied drama techniques to facilitate development in less developed countries.
Drama in education
Drama in education allows students to develop an understanding of themselves and others. Kathleen Gallagher has argued that "What is clear is that there is no correct pedagogical model on offer for drama education. [...] In theatre pedagogy, we not only endow experience with meaning, but we are - as players - invited to make manifest our own subjectivities in the world evoked through character and play, a world laden with metaphor and nuance, a world where relationship to other and self-spectatorship are in dynamic and unrelenting interaction.'
Theatre in education
Theatre in Education (TIE) originated in Britain in the mid-1960s. Monica Prendergast and Juliana Saxton cite TIE as "one of the two historic roots of applied theatre practice." TIE typically includes a theatre company performing in an educational setting (i.e. a school) for youth, including interactive and performative moments. Practitioner Lynn Hoare defines TIE as a combination of "theatrical elements with interactive moments in which audience participants (in or out of role) work with actor-teachers towards an educational or social goal, using the tools of theatre in service of this goal." TIE seeks to educate young people in issues that are relevant to both them and their communities, for example: bullying, dating violence, environmental preservation, and peer conflict resolution. "TIE companies have always been among the most socially conscious of theatre groups, consistently choosing to examine issues they believe to be of direct relevance to the lives of the children with whom they work."
"Theatre for Dialogue" (TFD) is a more recent term describing a model that was created specifically for the University of Texas at Austin campus community which pulls methods and theory from a variety of applied theatre practices such as TO and TIE. In their thesis, Spring Snyder explains that "Theatre for Dialogue performances explore the intersection between theatre and education as a way to investigate, reflect, provoke dialogue and serve as a rehearsal for reality without asking participants to share their own personal experiences. Although some of the Theatre for Dialogue's roots originate from an adapted form of Boal's Theatre of the Oppressed's forum structure, it is Theatre in Education (TIE) that more closely aligns with TFD."
Prison theatre
In prison theatre, practitioners engage offenders in correctional facilities, jails, prisons, and detention centers in exploring drama work often with the objective of education or rehabilitation.
Examples include Wabash Valley Correctional Facility's Shakespeare in Shackles where maximum security prisoners learn about and perform Shakespeare. The University of Texas' Center for Women and Gender Studies' Performing Justice Project works with incarcerated female youth to learn about gender and racial justice while devising a play based on the youth's unique experiences.
Theatre of the Oppressed
The Theatre of the Oppressed (TO) describes theatrical forms that the Brazilian theatre practitioner Augusto Boal first developed in the 1960s, initially in Brazil and later in Europe. Boal's techniques aim to use theatre as means of promoting social and political change through allowing the audience to take an active role in the creation of the show. Theatre of the Oppressed can include aspects of forum theatre, invisible theatre, legislative theatre and image theatre.
Museum theatre
Museum theatre aims to use theatrical techniques to add emotion and value to the museum experience. It is typically more common in cultural institutions like heritage sites, history museums, and science and industry museums. As with the other forms of applied drama, it can involve a variety of theatrical techniques.
See also
Theatre pedagogy
Improvisation
William Shakespeare
References
Further reading
.
Drama Assessment: Saskatchewan
"Ontario Curriculum" Ontario Curriculum 1998, Ministry of Education
Shakespeare in the Classroom
Shakespeare in the Classroom
External links
The Far Games Educational drama and improvisation games
Drama Games
Creative Drama Educational Resource
The Council of Ontario Drama and Dance Educators Resources, lessons and articles on Drama in Education.
Drama Toolkit Drama games, strategies, schemes and resources.
Theatre
Drama
The Canton of Tinténiac is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the northwest of the department. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 10 communes, and its population was 12,150 in 2012.
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Emma M. Baegl (1896–1998) was an American painter and educator. They taught at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and the Lincoln Arts Guild. Them work can be seen at the Museum of Nebraska Art.
References
1896 births
1998 deaths
Artists from Lincoln, Nebraska
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
American women painters
Painters from Nebraska
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
Gwredog is a village in the community of Llannerch-y-medd, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is from Cardiff and from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The XVII International Chopin Piano Competition () was held in Warsaw on April 13–24, 2015 (preliminary round) and October 1–23, 2015 (main competition and concerts). Prize winners' concerts were on October 21–23, 2015.
Seong-Jin Cho of South Korea won the competition.
Awards
Seong-Jin Cho won the competition, playing the Piano Concerto in E minor, Opus 11 in the final. The prize money was €30,000. In addition, they also won the €3,000 prize for best polonaise, playing the Polonaise in A flat major, Opus 53 in the second stage.
Charles Richard-Hamelin of Canada came second, Kate Liu of the United States came third, Eric Lu of the United States came fourth, Tony Yike Yang of Canada came fifth, and Dmitry Shishkin of Russia was placed sixth.
The following prizes were awarded:
In addition, four special prizes were awarded independently:
Jury
The juries consisted of:
Preliminary Round jury
Akiko Ebi (5th X)
Adam Harasiewicz ( V)
Yves Henry
Andrzej Jasiński
Ivan Klánský
Anna Malikova
Alberto Nosè
Piotr Paleczny (3rd VIII)
(5th X)
Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń (chairperson); (HM IX)
Marta Sosińska-Janczewska
Dina Joffe ( IX)
Competition jury
Dmitri Alexeev
Martha Argerich ( VII)
Akiko Ebi (5th X)
Đặng Thái Sơn ( X)
Philippe Entremont
Adam Harasiewicz ( V)
Andrzej Jasiński
Li Yundi ( XIV)
Garrick Ohlsson( VIII)
Janusz Olejniczak (6th VIII)
Piotr Paleczny (3rd VIII)
(5th X)
Katarzyna Popowa-Zydroń (chairperson); (HM IX)
Dina Joffe ( IX)
Philippe Entremont caused controversy when they gave Seong-Jin Cho, the winner of the competition, a score of just 1 in the final, the lowest possible score. This was a substantial deviation from the other jurors; 14 of the 17 jurors gave Cho 9 or more points, leading to speculation that Entremont had trouble with Cho's teacher Michel Béroff. A popular conjecture that Entremont may have been racially motivated could not be proven by statistical analysis.
Competitor results
Yes: percentage of jurors who voted to pass the participant to the next round (excluding recusals)
Pts: average number of points (excluding recusals)
References
Further reading
External links
Jury scores: Stage I, Stage II, Stage III, Final
Cyfrowe Radio Chopin. 24 godziny na dobę!
Contestants in wikidata
International Chopin Piano Competition
2015 in music
2015 in Poland
2015 in Polish music
2010s in Warsaw
October 2015 events in Europe
Yuanmiao Temple () is a Buddhist temple located in Chengxiang District of Putian, Fujian, China.
History
Xuanmiao Temple was originally built in 628, under the Tang dynasty (618–907). The name was changed into "Tianqing Temple" () during the Song dynasty (960–1279), and then to the "Xuanmiao Temple" () in 1296 in the following Yuan dynasty (1271–1368). In 1662, Qing dynasty (1644–1911) Kangxi Emperor ascended the throne, due to the social taboo of "Xuan" ("Xuan" is the name of Kangxi Emperor), its name was changed into "Yuanmiao Temple" ().
In 1407, in the early Ming dynasty (1368–1644), Taoist priest Fang Rudiao () and Bu Zhisheng () repaired the Hall of Jade Emperor. In 1564, Magistrate Yi Daotan () restored the Shanmen. In 1582, Hall of Three Purities, Hall of Dongyue, Hall of Wenchang and Hall of Zhenwu were gradually renovated and refurbished by Lin Zhao'en ().
Yuanmiao Temple underwent three renovations in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), respectively in the ruling of Jiaqing Emperor (1797), in the reign of Xianfeng Emperor (1851–1861) and in the Gaungxu era (1875–1908).
During the Republic of China, the temple was used as barracks for the Nationalists.
After the establishment of the Communist State, the temple was used as campus for Putian No. 4 High School and Putian Normal College.
In October 1956, the Ministry of Culture appropriated a large sum of money for reconstructing the Hall of Three Purities.
In 1961, the Fujian Provincial Government inscribed it as a provincial level cultural heritage. Repairs were carried out in 1975 and again in 1986.
In 1996, it was listed among the fourth batch of "Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Fujian" by the State Council of China.
Architecture
Along the central axis of the temple stand five buildings including the Shanmen, Hall of Three Purities (), Hall of Jade Emperor (), Hall of Four Officials () and Hall of Wenchang (). Subsidiary structures were built on both sides of the central axis including the Hall of Five Emperors (), Hall of Dongyue (), Hall of Wuxian (), Hall of Xiyue (), Hall of Lord Guan () and Hall of the God of Blessing ().
Hall of Three Purities
The Hall of Three Purities in the main hall in the temple with double-eaves gable and hip roofs. It is 7 rooms wide and 6 rooms deep and still maintains the architectural style of Song dynasty (960–1279).
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Taoist temples in Fujian
Buildings and structures in Putian
Tourist attractions in Putian
20th-century establishments in China
20th-century Buddhist temples
[Yuanmiao Temple, Architectura Sinica Site Archive]
Yuquan () is a town in Jiayuguan City, Gansu province, China. , it administers the following three villages:
Jiayuguan Village ()
Huangcaoying Village ()
Duanshankou Village ()
References
Township-level divisions of Gansu
Jiayuguan City
Newlands railway station is a Metrorail station on the Southern Line, serving the suburb of Newlands in Cape Town.
The station is located between the SAB Newlands Brewery and the Newlands Cricket Ground It has two side platforms and two tracks; the station building is at ground level on the western side of the tracks.
Notable places nearby
Newlands Stadium
Newlands Cricket Ground
South African Breweries Newlands Brewery
Newlands Swimming Pool
Railway stations in Cape Town
Metrorail Western Cape stations
Battulgyn Mönkhtuyaa (; born 18 February 1988) is a Mongolian judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Hohhot in the +78 kg category.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Mongolian female judoka
Judoka at the 2014 Asian Games
Judoka at the 2018 Asian Games
20th-century Mongolian women
21st-century Mongolian women
Pycnopygius is a genus of bird in the Meliphagidae, or honeyeater, family. Established by Tommaso Salvadori in 1880, it contains the following species:
Marbled honeyeater (Pycnopygius cinereus)
Plain honeyeater (Pycnopygius ixoides)
Streak-headed honeyeater (Pycnopygius stictocephalus)
The name Pycnopygius is a combination of the Greek words puknos, meaning "thick" or "dense" and -pugios, meaning "-rumped" (from pugẽ: "rump").
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Soyuz GVK is a Russian uncrewed cargo spacecraft currently under development, with its first flight expected to occur in 2022. Like the uncrewed Progress cargo spacecraft, the Soyuz GVK is based on the crewed Soyuz spacecraft. However, the Soyuz GVK will be capable of returning to Earth and bringing cargo back whereas the Progress burns up in Earth's atmosphere upon the end of its mission. The only other resupply spacecraft capable of bringing cargo down from orbit is the SpaceX Dragon 2 cargo spacecraft. Soyuz GVK will be able to deliver 2,000 kg to orbit and return 500 kg back to Earth.
It is planned to launch on board a Soyuz 2.1b booster.
References
Cargo spacecraft
Supply vehicles for the International Space Station
Crewed space program of Russia
Anosmic is the debut extended play (EP) by Canadian post-rock project The Wax Girl. It was written and recorded in its entirety by Alex Wright at their studio in Toronto, The Castle, and was self-released on August 8, 2014.
Track listing
Artwork
The cover art, titled Fossil 1 was created by Canadian artist, and Alex Wright's brother, Max Wright.
The back cover features a manipulated photograph by amateur photographer Harvey Naylor, taken in 1980, of a pre-gentrified area of Toronto.
The inner sleeve features a wintry photograph by Sara Deso.
Reception
Ride the Tempo called it "a 5-track EP of gorgeous post-rock ambiance" while Echoes and Dust said "this magnificent Canadian band has crafted something extraordinary."
Geyser Music raved "Remaining true to expectations of post-rock while discovering a unique tone and personality can be challenging for any musical group. The Wax Girl has accomplished just that with Anosmic. Ephemeral and grounded, other worldly and meticulously designed, Anosmic is a treat for all post-rock aficionados."
Way Too Indie praised Anosmic and said "With a strong debut like this, I cannot wait for more. Alex's composition for these tracks make it easy to interpret multiple stories from the album, depending on the listener, and its tales are unforgettable."
Anosmic reached #1 on CJAM-FM's Top 30 chart for the week ending September 9, 2014.
References
2014 albums
The Wax Girl albums
Henry Calvin (born Wimberly Calvin Goodman; May 25, 1918 – October 6, 1975) was an American actor known for their role as the Spanish soldier Sergeant Demetrio Lopez Garcia on Walt Disney's live-action television series Zorro (1957–1959).
Early life
Born in Dallas, Texas, they sang in the choir of their local Baptist church as a child; they were often the featured soloist. Calvin attended Winnetka Grade School during their childhood. After graduating from Sunset High School in Dallas, Texas, they attended Southern Methodist University before pursuing a career as an actor and singer.
Career
Calvin hosted a 1950 NBC radio show and appeared on Broadway (most notably in Kismet as the Wazir of Police). In 1952, they portrayed Big Ben on the children's TV series Howdy Doody. and made their film debut in Crime Against Joe as Red Waller four years later.
Their character in Zorro, Sergeant Demetrio Lopez Garcia, was a comedic foil for Zorro and their secret identity, Don Diego de la Vega (Guy Williams). Sometimes a friend (especially to Diego), sometimes a reluctant foe, Garcia is constantly outwitted by other characters, and is often their own worst enemy due to their weakness for food and wine.
Calvin also sang and released a version of the "Zorro" theme song. Calvin's rich baritone voice also contributed to a number of musical interludes over the course of the series, singing everything from drinking songs to a serenade, and even a duet with Annette Funicello in one episode. After the series ended due to a contract dispute with ABC, they reprised the role of Garcia in all four Zorro stories that aired as part of Walt Disney Presents in 1960 and 1961.
They appeared in Disney's 1960 film Toby Tyler as gruff circus wagon driver Ben Cotter, Toby's friend and protector. Toby's other mentor in the film, clown and animal trainer Sam Treat, was played by Gene Sheldon, who co-starred in Zorro as Bernardo. Toby Tyler was played by Kevin Corcoran, a prolific child actor at the studio in that era. All three actors also appeared in another Disney film, Babes in Toyland (1961).
Calvin sang the children's song "Never Smile at a Crocodile" for Disneyland Records, a recording that was later reissued as part of a Peter Pan soundtrack CD. They also sang "We Won't Be Happy Till We Get It" with Ray Bolger and "Slowly They Sank To The Bottom of the Sea" on the Babes in Toyland soundtrack.
After Zorro and their Disney contract ended, Calvin guest starred in numerous television series during the 1960s. In their appearance on a 1963 episode of The Dick Van Dyke Show, their character performed a comedy sketch as Oliver Hardy, opposite Dick Van Dyke's Rob Petrie character as Stan Laurel.
They also kept in touch with other members of the Zorro cast, even traveling with Guy Williams in 1973 to attend a charity event. They died in Dallas from throat cancer in 1975.
Selected credits
Crime Against Joe (1956) as Red Waller
The Broken Star (1956) as Thornton W. Wills
The Yeomen of the Guard (Hallmark Hall of Fame) (1957) (TV) as Wilfred Shadbolt
Zorro (1957–1959) as Sgt. Demetrio Lopez Garcia
Toby Tyler, or Ten Weeks with a Circus (1960) as Ben Cotter
Walt Disney Presents (in four Zorro episodes, 1960–1961) as Sergeant Garcia
Babes in Toyland (1961) as Gonzorgo
The Dick Van Dyke Show (in "The Sam Pomerantz Scandals", 1963) as Sam Pomerantz
Petticoat Junction (in "The Ringer", 1963) as Pixley Fats
Ship of Fools (1965) as Gregorio (Fat Man)
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E. (in "The Prisoner of Zalamar Affair", 1966) as Sheikh Ali Hassen
Run, Buddy, Run (in "Grand Mexican Hotel", 1966) as Jose
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. (in "The Monks of St. Thomas Affair", 1966) as Brother Peter
Mannix (in "The Cost of a Vacation", 1967) as Lazaro Figueroa
References
External links
1918 births
1975 deaths
Male actors from Dallas
American male television actors
20th-century American male actors
Southern Methodist University alumni
Deaths from throat cancer
Deaths from cancer in Texas
XerxesDZB is a Dutch football club based in Rotterdam.
History
The club was founded in 1904 as RFC Xerxes and their first regional championship was won in 1907. After a second championship in 1911 the club was promoted to the second class (tweede klasse) of Dutch football. In 1931 Xerxes became champions of their district and were promoted to the first class (eerste klasse) where they faced teams like Feijenoord, Sparta, ADO, Ajax and Blauw Wit.
While playing at the highest level of Dutch football Xerxes was easily able to remain in their division with players like Wim Lagendaal, and in later years Faas Wilkes and Coen Moulijn and play alongside the giant teams in the country, also during the first years of professional football in the country. However, after 1958 the results became worse and in 1960 Xerxes was forced relegated out of the professional football divisions. Two years in a row (1961 and 1962) Xerxes became champion of the amateurs and was admitted back into professional football for the 1962-63 season.
Times changed and Xerxes promoted to the Eerste Divisie in 1965, followed by another promotion in 1966 to the Eredivisie. At this level Xerxes was again able to achieve decent results with players like Willem van Hanegem, Hans Dorjee, Rob Jacobs and Eddy Treytel. However the lack of an own stadium (a hospital was built on their ground) and withdrawal of the sponsor caused the pro-section of Xerxes was forced to merge with the pro-section DHC Delft during the summer of 1967 to become Xerxex/DHC'66. That club was dissolved already a year later by lack of interest by the fans in Delft.
The amateurs of Xerxes were to begin in the fourth class (vierde klasse) of amateur football. In 1969 the championship of the fourth class was won, as well as promotion to the third class. A year later the championship of the third class was won and they were promoted to the second class. Yet another year later (1971) another championship and promotion to the first class was achieved. The fourth successive championship was won in the first class in 1972. In 1974 the Hoofdklasse (a level above the first class) was introduced, but Xerxers failed to qualify. In 1976 another championship in the first class got them to the Hoofdklasse and in 1980 they were champions of the Hoofdklasse A and by beating the Hoofdklasse B and Hoofdklasse C champions in a separate competition they were amateur champions of the Netherlands as well.
In the last part of the 1990s Xerxes came into financial trouble, and confronted with the fact that they had to leave their grounds again (this time for a railway) and was forced to merge with DZB Zevenkamp resulting in their current name XerxesDZB from 1 July 2000. A big success in the past season when the club (Saturday) promoted to the Hoofdklasse. This is the second amateur level in the Netherlands. The Sunday part of the club is currently playing in the 4rd class level due to a forced relegation by the KNVB. The biggest success of the Sunday part reached the KNVB-Cup in 2008/2009. After six seasons in the Hoofdklasse Xerxes was contracted back to the first class.
Managers
Friedrich Donnenfeld (1953–55)
Toon van der Enden ()
Jan Bens (1960–62)
Jiří Hanke (1962–63)
Bob Janse (1963–66)
Kurt Linder (1966–68)
Pim Visser (1971–74)
Hans Dorjee (1974–76)
Sándor Popovics (1976–77)
Bep van der Heyden (1977-xx)
References
External links
Football clubs in the Netherlands
Football clubs in Rotterdam
Association football clubs established in 1904
1904 establishments in the Netherlands
Where I Started is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Wide Mouth Mason. The album produced four successful singles, "Why", "Companion (Lay Me Down)", "Sugarcane", and "Half A Chance". The album won the award for "Outstanding Rock Recording" at the 1999 Prairie Music Awards. The album was certified Gold in Canada in December 2002. A live version of the song "King Of Poison" was featured on MuchMusic's live compilation album, Much at Edgefest '99.
Track listing
Why - 2:57
Alone - 3:01
Burn - 4:48
Companion (Lay Me Down) - 3:01
Half A Chance - 4:06
Empty Seat - 4:06
Crystal Ball - 4:03
King Of Poison - 3:20
Sugarcane - 4:25
Where I Started - 5:07
Old - 3:46
Falling Down - 4:45
References
1999 albums
Wide Mouth Mason albums
Albums produced by David Leonard (record producer)
Albums recorded at Greenhouse Studios
The Visegrád Group (also known as the Visegrád Four, the V4, or the European Quartet) is a cultural and political alliance of four Central European countries: the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia. The alliance aims to advance co-operation in military, economic, cultural and energy affairs, and to further their integration with the EU. All four states are also members of the European Union (EU) and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
The alliance traces its origins to the summit meetings of leaders of Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Poland, held in the Hungarian castle town of Visegrád on 15 February 1991. Visegrád was chosen as the location for the summits as an intentional allusion to the medieval Congress of Visegrád between John I of Bohemia, Charles I of Hungary, and Casimir III of Poland in 1335.
After the dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993, the Czech Republic and Slovakia became independent members of the alliance, incrementing the number of members from three to four. All four members of the Visegrád Group joined the European Union on 1 May 2004.
Historical background
The name of the group is derived from the place of meeting selected by the 1335 Congress of Visegrád held by the Bohemian (Czech), Polish, and Hungarian rulers in Visegrád. Charles I of Hungary, Casimir III of Poland, and John I of Bohemia agreed to create new commercial routes to bypass the city of Vienna, a staple port, which required goods to be offloaded and offered for sale in the city before they could be sold elsewhere, and to obtain easier access to other European markets. The recognition of Czech sovereignty over the Duchy of Silesia was also confirmed. The second Congress took place in 1339 and decided that if Casimir III of Poland died without a son, which actually happened, the King of Poland would be the son of Charles I of Hungary, Louis I of Hungary.
From the 16th century, large parts of the present-day territories of the group's members became part of or were influenced by the Vienna-based Habsburg monarchy until the end of World War I and the dissolution of the Habsburg-ruled Austria-Hungary. After World War II, the countries became satellite states of the Soviet Union, as the Polish People's Republic, the Hungarian People's Republic and the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic. In 1989, the fall of the Berlin Wall and the fall of communism in central and eastern Europe enabled the three countries to embrace capitalism and democracy. In December 1991, the fall of the Soviet Union occurred, further allowing the three countries to look westward.
The Visegrád Group was established on 15 February 1991 at a meeting between the President of the Czechoslovak Republic, Václav Havel, the President of the Republic of Poland, Lech Wałęsa, and the Prime Minister of the Republic of Hungary, József Antall, in the Hungarian town of Visegrád. The group was created with the aim of moving away from communism and implementing the reforms required for full membership of the Euro-Atlantic institutions, such as NATO and the EU.
Economies
All four nations in the Visegrád Group are high-income countries with a very high Human Development Index. V4 countries have experienced more or less steady economic growth for over a century. In 2009, Slovakia adopted the euro as its official currency, being the only member of the group to have done so. All four countries are eventually obliged to adopt the euro in the future and to join the Eurozone once they have satisfied the euro convergence criteria by the Treaty of Accession since they joined the EU.
If counted as a single country, the Visegrád Group's GDP would be the 4th in the EU, 5th in Europe and 15th in the world. In terms of international trade, the V4 is not only at the forefront of Europe, but also of the world (4th in the EU, 5th in Europe and 8th in the world).
Based on gross domestic product per capita (PPP) estimated figures for the year 2020, the most developed country in the group is the Czech Republic (US$40,858 per capita), followed by Slovakia (US$38,321 per capita), Hungary (US$35,941 per capita) and Poland (US$35,651 per capita). The average GDP (PPP) in 2019 for the entire group is estimated at around US$34,865.
Within the EU, the V4 countries are pro-nuclear-power, and are seeking to expand or found (in the case of Poland) a nuclear-power industry. They have sought to counter what they see as an anti-nuclear-power bias within the EU, believing their countries would benefit from nuclear power.
Czech Republic
The economy of the Czech Republic is the group's second largest (GDP PPP of US$432.346 billion total, ranked 36th in the world).
Within the V4, the Czech Republic has the highest Human Development Index, Human Capital Index, nominal GDP per capita as well as GDP at purchasing power parity per capita.
Hungary
Hungary has the group's third largest economy (total GDP of US$350.000 billion, 53rd in the world). Hungary was one of the more developed economies of the Eastern bloc. With about $18 billion in foreign direct investment (FDI) since 1989, Hungary has attracted over one-third of all FDI in central and eastern Europe, including the former Soviet Union. Of this, about $6 billion came from American companies. Now it is an industrial agricultural state. The main industries are engineering, mechanical engineering (cars, buses), chemical, electrical, textile, and food industries. The services sector accounted for 64% of GDP in 2007 and its role in the Hungarian economy is steadily growing.
The main sectors of Hungarian industry are heavy industry (mining, metallurgy, machine and steel production), energy production, mechanical engineering, chemicals, food industry, and automobile production. The industry is leaning mainly on processing industry and (including construction) accounted for 29.32% of GDP in 2008. The leading industry is machinery, followed by the chemical industry (plastic production, pharmaceuticals), while mining, metallurgy and textile industry seemed to be losing importance in the past two decades. In spite of the significant drop in the last decade, the food industry still contributes up to 14% of total industrial production and amounts to 7–8% of the country's exports.
Agriculture accounted for 4.3% of GDP in 2008 and along with the food industry occupied roughly 7.7% of the labour force.
Tourism employs nearly 150,000 people and the total income from tourism was 4 billion euros in 2008. One of Hungary's top tourist destinations is Lake Balaton, the largest freshwater lake in Central Europe, with 1.2 million visitors in 2008. The most visited region is Budapest; the Hungarian capital attracted 3.61 million visitors in 2008. Hungary was the world's 24th most visited country in 2011.
Poland
Poland has the region's largest economy (GDP PPP total of US$1.353 trillion, ranked 22nd in the world). According to the United Nations and the World Bank, it is a high-income country with a high quality of life and a very high standard of living. The Polish economy is the fifth-largest in the EU and one of the fastest-growing economies in Europe, with a yearly growth rate of over 3.0% between 1991 and 2019. Poland is the only European Union member to have avoided a decline in GDP during the late-2000s recession, and in 2009 created the most GDP growth of all countries in the EU. The Polish economy had not entered recession nor contracted. According to Poland's Central Statistical Office, in 2011 the Polish economic growth rate was 4.3%, the best result in the entire EU. The largest component of its economy is the service sector (67.3%), followed by industry (28.1%) and agriculture (4.6%). Since increased private investment and EU funding assistance, Poland's infrastructure has developed rapidly.
Poland's main industries are mining, machinery (cars, buses, ships), metallurgy, chemicals, electrical goods, textiles, and food processing. The high-technology and IT sectors are also growing with the help of investors such as Google, Toshiba, Dell, GE, LG, and Sharp. Poland is a producer of many electronic devices and components.
Slovakia
The smallest, but still considerably powerful V4 economy is that of Slovakia (GDP of US$209.186 billion total, 68th in the world).
Demographics
The population is 64,301,710 inhabitants, which would rank 22nd largest in the world and 4th in Europe (similar in size to France, Italy or the UK) if V4 were a single country. The most populated country in the group is Poland (38 million), followed by the Czech Republic (∼11 million), Hungary (∼10 million), and Slovakia (5.5 million).
V4 capitals
Warsaw (Poland) – 1,790,658 inhabitants (metro – 3,105,883)
Budapest (Hungary) – 1,779,361 inhabitants (metro – 3,303,786)
Prague (Czech Republic) – 1,318,688 inhabitants (metro – 2,647,308)
Bratislava (Slovakia) – 432,801 inhabitants (metro – 659,578)
Current leaders
Initiatives
International Visegrád Fund
The International Visegrád Fund (IVF) is the only institutionalized form of regional cooperation of the Visegrád Group countries.
The main aim of the fund is to strengthen the ties among people and institutions in Central and Eastern Europe through giving support to regional non-governmental initiatives.
Defence cooperation
Visegrád Battlegroup
On 12 May 2011, Polish Defence Minister Bogdan Klich said that Poland will lead a new EU Battlegroup of the Visegrád Group. The decision was made at the V4 defence ministers' meeting in Levoča, Slovakia, and the battlegroup became operational and was placed on standby in the first half of 2016. The ministers also agreed that the V4 militaries should hold regular exercises under the auspices of the NATO Response Force, with the first such exercise to be held in Poland in 2013. The battlegroup included members of V4 and Ukraine.
Another V4 EU Battlegroup will be formed in the second semester of 2019.
Other cooperation areas
On 14 March 2014, in response to the 2014 Russian military intervention in Ukraine, a pact was signed for a joint military body within the European Union.
Subsequent Action Plan defines these other cooperation areas:
Defence Planning
Joint Training and Exercises
Joint Procurement and Defence Industry
Military Education
Joint Airspace Protection
Coordination of Positions
Communication Strategy
Visegrád Patent Institute
Created by an agreement signed in Bratislava on 26 February 2015, the Institute aims at operating as an International Searching Authority (ISA) and International Preliminary Examining Authorities (IPEA) under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) as from 1 July 2016.
Neighbor relations
European Union
All members of the V4 have been member states of the European Union since the EU's enlargement in 2004, and members of the Schengen Area since 2007.
Austria
Austria is the Visegrád Group's southwestern neighbor. The Czech Republic, Slovakia and Austria launched the Austerlitz format for the three countries in early 2015. The first meeting in this format took place on 29 January 2015 in Slavkov u Brna (Austerlitz) in the Czech Republic. Petr Drulák, the deputy foreign minister of the Czech Republic, emphasized that the Austerlitz format was not a competitor, but an addition to the Visegrád group.
The leadership of the Freedom Party of Austria, the junior partner in the former Austrian coalition government, has expressed its willingness to closely cooperate with the Visegrád Group. Chancellor and leader of the Austrian People's Party Sebastian Kurz wants to act as a bridge builder between the east and the west.
Germany
Germany, Visegrád Group's western neighbor, is a key economic partner of the group and vice versa. As of 2018, Germany's trade and investment flows with the V4 are greater than with China.
Romania
On 24 April 2015, Bulgaria, Romania and Serbia established the Craiova Group. The idea came from Victor Ponta, the then Romanian Prime Minister, who said they were inspired by the Visegrád Group. Greece joined the group in October 2017.
Romania has been invited to participate in the Visegrád Group on previous occasions. However, several accidents, such as the Black March Accident, made this impossible.
Non-EU
Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia border Ukraine on their east. Poland additionally borders Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast to the northeast. The Czech Republic is fully surrounded by other EU members. Hungary borders Serbia, a candidate for EU accession, in the south.
Ukraine
Ukraine, an eastern neighbor of the V4 that is not a member of the EU, is one of the largest recipients of the International Visegrád Fund support and receives assistance from the Visegrád Group for its aspirations to European integration. Ukraine joined the Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Area with the EU and therefore with the V4 in 2016.
Country comparison
See also
Other groups in Central Europe
AHICE (Art Historian Information from Central Europe)
Bucharest Nine
Central European Defence Cooperation
Central European Initiative
Salzburg Forum
Three Seas Initiative
Similar groups
Association Trio
Commonwealth of Independent States
Craiova Group
EU Med Group
Lublin Triangle
Nordic Defence Cooperation
Nordic-Baltic Eight
Other
Central Europe
Comecon
Eastern Bloc
International Visegrád Day
Pact of Free Cities
British–Polish–Ukrainian trilateral pact
Soviet Union
Warsaw Pact
Intermarium (region)
References
External links
1991 establishments in Europe
20th-century military alliances
Bottom-up regional groups within the European Union
Central European intergovernmental organizations
Czech Republic–Hungary relations
Czech Republic–Poland relations
Czech Republic–Slovakia relations
Hungary–Poland relations
Hungary–Slovakia relations
Poland–Slovakia relations
European integration
Foreign relations of the Czech Republic
Foreign relations of Hungary
Foreign relations of Poland
Foreign relations of Slovakia
Intergovernmental organizations
International political organizations
Organizations established in 1991
The Hymn of Panathinaikos or Syllogos Megalos (Great Club) is the anthem of Panathinaikos A.O. It was written in 1958. The music is by Giorgos Mouzakis, a well-known musician and trumpeter of the era, and the lyrics are by George Oikonomidis. Leandros Papathanasiou and the Trio Belcanto and later Giannis Vogiatzis were the singers.
According to the composers, the song was written after a winning game of Panathinaikos, while they left together the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium. Oikonomidis improvised the first verse "Syllogos Megalos..." and Mouzakis sketched a staff on a cigarette pack on the spot. The whistling heard in the beginning and end of the hymn imitates the style of "Colonel Bogey March" from the 1957 film The Bridge on the River Kwai.
Great Club
Older hymns
The first Hymn of Panathinaikos was recorded in Berlin in 1931, of whom only the refrain has survived.
The second hymn was created in 1948 by Kostas Kofiniotis, who wrote the lyrics and Giannis Vellas, who composed the score. It was sung by Panos Kokkinos and titled "Προχωρείτε πρός την Νίκη"(Make your way to Victory)
References
Panathinaikos A.O.
Greek music
Football songs and chants
1958 songs
The Suludnon, also known as the Panay-Bukidnon or Pan-ayanon, are a culturally indigenous Visayan group of people who reside in the Capiz-Lambunao mountainous area and the Antique-Iloilo mountain area of Panay in the Visayan islands of the Philippines. They are one of the two only culturally indigenous group of Visayan language-speakers in the Western Visayas, along with the, Halawodnon of Lambunao and Calinog, Iloilo and Iraynon-Bukidnon of Antique. Also, they are part of the wider Visayan ethnolinguistic group, who constitute the largest Filipino ethnolinguistic group.
Although they were once culturally related to the speakers of the Kinaray-a, Aklanon, and Hiligaynon languages, all of whom inhabit the lowlands of Panay, their isolation from Spanish rule resulted in the continuation of a pre-Hispanic culture and beliefs. They speak the Iigbok language (also known as Ligbok or Sulod language), a member of the West Bisayan subdivision of the Bisayan languages within the Austronesian language family.
The Panay Bukidnon are known for their Binanog dance, which mimics the flight of the Philippine eagle, accompanied by an agung ensemble. Another dance of the same name is also performed by the Bukidnon Lumad of Mindanao, suggesting a cultural connection between the people of the Western Visayas and northern Mindanao in ancient times. Apart from this, they also practice the use of bamboo musical instruments, which they use to express themselves in traditional songs, dances, and epics. They are also known for their detailed embroidery, known as panubok. The heritage of the panubok is celebrated in the Tinubkan fashion show in Iloilo City. The Sulud are also known for their traditional practices on the mysticism of the binukot and nabukot.
Currently, the Sulud/Panay Bukidnon faces several challenges in their existence although the local governments of Panay have realized their importance and have begun establishing several projects that help preserve their culture
See also
Bisaya people
Aklanon people
Boholano people
Capiznon people
Cebuano people
Cuyunon people
Eskaya people
Hiligaynon people
Karay-a people
Masbateño people
Romblomanon people
Waray people
References
Indigenous peoples of the Philippines
Ethnic groups in Panay
The Midland Metropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of one county – Midland – in West Texas, anchored by the city of Midland. As of the 2010 census, the MSA had a population of 136,872 (though a July 1, 2011 estimate placed the population at 140,308).
The Midland Metropolitan Statistical Area is also a component of the Midland–Odessa Combined Statistical Area, which covers two counties (Midland and Ector) and had an estimated population of 280,419 as of July 1, 2011.
Counties
Midland
Communities
Greenwood (unincorporated)
City of Midland (Principal City; small portion in Martin County)
City of Odessa (mostly in Ector County)
See also
Texas census statistical areas
References
Metropolitan areas of Texas
Single-point locking is a locking system in cabinet doors where locking takes places only at the point halfway up the edge of the door, where the latch engages with the doorjamb. The term is most often used in items like lockers, where it is contrasted with the much more secure three-point locking, which uses movable rods to secure the top and bottom of the door when the door is locked, and the term is not normally used in situations where single-point locking is the only option normally found.
Typically, box lockers (that is, with 4 or more tiers) use single-point locking, unless they are ordered with three-point locking as an optional extra, whereas full-length (single-tier) lockers most often come with three-point locking as standard. The reason for this is that, for some situations, single-point locking is considered adequately secure with smaller doors, because those are not so easy to force open than larger doors of otherwise similar design. High-security models of tiered lockers, along with being constructed of thicker steel, may also have three-point locking, however many tiers are involved.
In Australia, cabinets cannot be legally used for storing firearms if they have only single-point locking - three-point locking is required by law, as part of the crackdown on gun storage after the Port Arthur massacre in Tasmania.
References
Locks (security device)
Johann Balthasar Schnetzler (3 November 1823 in Gächlingen – 29 June 1896 in Lausanne) was a Swiss naturalist.
In 1840/41, they studied at Polytechnic Stuttgart and, for a period of time, taught French classes at the Schaffhausen gymnasium. From 1844 to 1847, they furthered their education at the University of Geneva and, from 1847 to 1867, worked as a science teacher at the progymnasium in Vevey. In 1864, they became an associate professor, and, from 1871, was a full professor of botany at the Academy of Lausanne. From 1879 to 1881, they served as academic rector.
They were the author of many scientific papers with botanical, mycological and zoological themes, a few of which have been translated into English. In 1873, they published a book on introductory botany titled Entretiens sur la botanique. Also, they are the taxonomic authority of the bryophyte variety Thamnium alopecurum var. lemani. In the field of human nutrition, they collaborated with Henri Nestlé in the development of a powdered infant formula.
Articles by Schnetzler that have been published in English
"Protection of herbaria and entomological collections from insects by means of sulphide of carbon", 1876.
"On an aerial alga inhabiting the bark of the vine", 1884.
"On the infection of a frog-tadpole by Saprolegnia ferax", 1888.
References
1823 births
1896 deaths
People from the canton of Schaffhausen
University of Geneva alumni
University of Lausanne faculty
Swiss naturalists
19th-century Swiss botanists
Swiss mycologists
The Fire This Time is a live album by Lester Bowie's Brass Fantasy recorded in Aarburg, Switzerland for the In & Out label. It is the seventh album by Bowie's Brass Fantasy group and features performances by Bowie, Vincent Chancey, Frank Lacy, Louis Bonilla, E. J. Allen, Gerald Brezel, Tony Barrero, Bob Stewart, Vinnie Johnson and Famoudou Don Moye.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars calling it "one of the most important in the Brass Fantasy's history and development".
Track listing
"Night Time (Is the Right Time)" (Herman) - 2:54
"For Louis" (Wilson) - 7:13
"Journey Towards Freedom" (Allen) - 10:55
"Remember the Time" (Jackson) - 8:32
"Strange Fruit" (Allan) - 9:15
"Siesta for the Fiesta" (Lunceford) - 4:14
"Night Life" (Purse) - 10:29
"Black or White" (Jackson) - 7:19
"Three for the Festival" (Kirk) - 6:06
"The Great Pretender" (Ram) - 7:33
Recorded live on 1 May 1992 at the Moonwalker Club, Aarburg, Switzerland
Personnel
Lester Bowie: trumpet
Vincent Chancey: French horn
Frank Lacy: trombone
Luis Bonilla: trombone
E. J. Allen: trumpet
Gerald Brezel: trumpet
Tony Barrero: trumpet
Bob Stewart: tuba
Famoudou Don Moye: percussion
Vinnie Johnson: drums
References
Lester Bowie live albums
1992 live albums
Jerrel Douglas Wilson (October 4, 1941 – April 9, 2005) was an American professional football player who was a punter for 16 seasons, 15 of them with the Kansas City Chiefs, in the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL). Wilson played college football at the University of Southern Mississippi. Nicknamed Thunderfoot, they were selected to three AFL All-Star Teams and three AFC-NFC Pro Bowls. Wilson was elected to the Chiefs Hall of Fame in 1988. They were drafted in the 17th round (225th overall) of the 1963 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams and in the 11th round (88th overall) of the 1963 AFL Draft by the Chiefs.
Their punts were high, booming shots that arched far down the field, potent weapons in the war for field position. Wilson seemed to have the explosiveness of dynamite in their foot, hence the more-than-appropriate nickname of "Thunderfoot." The Southern Mississippi alum was the Chiefs' punter for a team record 15 seasons and is considered one of the best ever to play in the game.
Selected in the 11th round of Kansas City's much heralded 1963 AFL Draft that brought in Hall of Fame members Buck Buchanan and Bobby Bell and fellow Chiefs Hall of Famer Ed Budde. Wilson is tied with fellow punter Dustin Colquitt for longest tenured players in franchise history. They retired with multiple team records including a franchise-record 1,014 punts during their career, the highest average yardage in a career with 43.6, in a season with 46.1, in a game with 56.5. Wilson owns the NFL record for most seasons leading the league in punting average with four, leading in 1965, 1968, 1972 and 1973.
Hall of Fame head coach Hank Stram said that Wilson "made other people aware of how important the kicking game was at a time when special teams were not given special consideration. I'm prejudiced, but he's the best punter I ever saw. He'll go down in history as the best kicker in the NFL."
Wilson had four career punts of over 70 yards, which included a league leading 72-yard boot in their rookie year. They were named to three Pro Bowl teams in three consecutive years from 1970 to 1972. Wilson was also a reserve running back for the Chiefs and early in their career, accumulating 53 yards on 22 carries spread out over seven seasons. To close their career, Wilson played the 1978 season for the New England Patriots.
Wilson said, regarding their punting style, "The way I attack the football, every time I hit it, I try to bust it, unless I'm around the 50. Then I hit it high. Basically, my power comes from everything. I try to snap everything I have in my body, my hips, knees, everything."
Wilson died of cancer on April 9, 2005, in Bronson, Texas.
In December 2019, Wilson was named as a finalist in the Specialists category of the NFL 100 All-Time Team celebrating the best players of the first 100 years of the league.
References
1941 births
2005 deaths
American football running backs
American football punters
Kansas City Chiefs players
New England Patriots players
Pearl River Wildcats football players
Southern Miss Golden Eagles football players
American Conference Pro Bowl players
American Football League All-Star players
American Football League All-Time Team
Sportspeople from Mobile, Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
Players of American football from New Orleans
Deaths from cancer in Louisiana
American Football League players
The Thunderbolt Express was a looping shuttle roller coaster located at Camden Park. Originally named Screamin' Demon (and later just Demon) when it operated at Kings Island from 1977 to 1987, the roller coaster was built and designed by Arrow Dynamics. It was sold to Camden Park following the 1987 season, and reopened at its new location in 1988. Following an electrical issue in 1999, the ride was closed indefinitely for a period of time. An announcement surfaced that the ride would reopen in 2002, but the roller coaster was dismantled following the 2004 season and replaced by a miniature golf course.
History
Anton Schwarzkopf and Intamin co-developed the first shuttle loop design, which opened as King Kobra at Kings Dominion in 1977. A total of six shuttle loop roller coasters opened that same year throughout the United States, including Screamin' Demon at Kings Island. It had the distinction of being the first from Arrow Development to open to the public. Unlike the vertical track used as a reverse point at one end of King Kobra, Arrow used loading platforms on both sides instead.
At the end of the 1987 season, the ride was sold and relocated to Camden Park in West Virginia where it was renamed Thunderbolt Express. It was closed in 1999 after a circuit board malfunctioned and never reopened. It was eventually scrapped in 2004.
Ride experience
After riders board the train in the loading station, they are launched forward into an immediate drop. The propulsion system consists of an electric motor and pulley system. The drop leads into a vertical loop as riders experience a maximum of 4 g. The train exits the loop and ascends to a horizontal section of track similar in length to the loading station's track. After coming to complete stop for a brief moment, the train is launched in reverse to repeat the course and return to the loading station.
References
Former roller coasters in West Virginia
Shuttle roller coasters
The ancient Egyptian noble Sennefer was "Mayor of the City" (i.e. Thebes) and "Overseer of the Granaries and Fields, Gardens and Cattle of Amun" during the reign of Amenhotep II of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt. Being a favourite of the king they accumulated great wealth. They were also allowed to place a double statue of themselves and their wife in the temple at Karnak. The famous garden plan, often described is Sennefer's Garden, is more likely to be of a garden which Sennefer managed, and perhaps designed, than to be of a garden which Sennefer owned.
They were the son of the second priest Hor-wer in Qus, Nu; their mother was a woman called Henutiry, Tiiry. Sennefer is called son of the sister of Ahmose Humay, a male royal nurse, brother to Amenhotep II's vizier Amenemopet, and married to the royal nurse Sentnay. Their elder daughter Muttuy apparently married Kenamun, who succeeded Sennefer as mayor of Thebes. Their brother Amenemipet called Pairy was buried close by in TT29.
They were buried in a small but well decorated tomb (TT96, sometimes known as the "Tomb of the Vineyards" due to its decoration), located in the Sheikh Abd el-Qurna district of the Theban Necropolis opposite Luxor in Egypt.
However, some funerary items for Sennefer and their family have been found in KV42, the tomb of Merytre-Hatshepsut, so they may have re-used this tomb for their actual burial. Some containers of Sennefer and Sentnay were also discovered in KV32, the tomb of Queen Tiaa, wife of Amenhotep II and mother of Thutmose IV.
References
External links
Page about TT96 on Osirisnet.net
Officials of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Julio Alsogaray (born 11 April 1980 in San Pedro, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine sailor in the Laser class. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing they finished seventh, while at the 2012 Summer Olympics, they finished 11th. They have qualified to represent Argentina again at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Achievements
Central and South American Laser Championship 2012
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Argentine male sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Argentina
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Laser
Pan American Games gold medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Sailors at the 2007 Pan American Games
Sailors at the 2011 Pan American Games
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Laser
Pan American Games medalists in sailing
Sailors at the 2015 Pan American Games
South American Games gold medalists for Argentina
South American Games medalists in sailing
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Ottawa Centre is an urban provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since 1968. While the riding's boundaries (mainly to the south and west as the north and east borders have remained the Ottawa River and Rideau Canal, respectively) have changed over the years to account for population changes, the riding has always comprised the central areas of Ottawa, the nation's capital.
History
The district was created before the 1967 election. Since the 1999 election, the provincial district has had the same borders as the federal riding of Ottawa Centre.
It is represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario by Joel Harden of the Ontario NDP. The provincial riding has been won by the NDP nine times (1971, 1975, 1977, 1981, 1984 by-election, 1985, 1990, 2018 and 2022) and by the Liberals eight times (1967, 1987, 1995, 1999, 2003, 2007, 2011 and 2014) and never by the Conservatives or any other party.
Geography
The riding covers most of downtown Ottawa, including the Parliament Buildings. From the historic Rideau Canal, the riding stretches west encompassing the neighbourhoods of Downtown, Centretown (Centretown West which includes Little Italy is usually considered a distinct neighbourhood), Lebreton Flats, Mechanicsville, Hintonburg and Westboro. The riding encompasses additional neighbourhoods south of downtown, including The Glebe, Old Ottawa South, Lees Avenue, Old Ottawa East and others.
Party support varies between different parts of the riding. The consistently the best areas for the Ontario New Democratic Party (NDP) are Old Ottawa South, the Glebe, and Centretown. Old Ottawa South and the Glebe are also the main Green party areas. The suburban far south and west of the riding around Hog's Back and Carlingwood Park, the large homes near the Civic Hospital, the expensive homes and apartments by the Rideau Canal, and the more expensive downtown condos are the most strongly Liberal and Conservative areas. The major swing areas are the western portions of the riding such as Hintonburg and Westboro: while traditionally Liberal, these neighbourhoods have recently become stronger for the NDP.
Many public sector workers live in the riding. The northern part of the riding contains many government office buildings, including Parliament Hill. The riding also includes Carleton University and Saint Paul University's campuses and residences.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
2007 electoral reform referendum
Constituency associations
Ottawa Centre Provincial Liberal Association
Ottawa Centre Riding Association - Ontario PC Party
The Green Party in Ottawa Centre
Ottawa Centre NDP Riding Association
Sources
External links
Map of riding for 2018 election
Provincial electoral districts of Ottawa
Marriott Vacation Club is the primary timeshare brand of Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation. The brand comprises around 70 Marriott Vacation Club properties throughout the United States, Caribbean, Central America, Europe, and Asia. Marriott Vacation Club resorts consist of one, two, and three-bedroom villas, with more than 400,000 owners.
History
Marriott Ownership Resorts, Inc. was established in 1984 (on April 17) on Hilton Head Island, South Carolina with the acquisition of American Resorts and its 184 villas on Hilton Head Island, which later became the Marriott's Monarch at Sea Pines resort. In 1987, Marriott Rewards (introduced in 1983) started a partnership with the Marriott Ownership Resorts. In 1990, Marriott begins an exchange partnership with Interval International (ILG, Inc.), allowing Owners to trade weeks at their home resort for access to other resort destinations worldwide. In 1995, Marriott Ownership Resorts, Inc. was renamed, becoming Marriott Vacation Club International (MVCI) reflecting the company's evolution from real estate development to vacations. In 1996, Marriott Vacation Club International (MVCI) opened its first European property called Marriott's Marbella Beach Club in Costa del Sol, Spain. In 1997, Marriott Vacation Club International (MVCI) opened its first Caribbean property called Marriott's Aruba Ocean Club in Palm Beach, Aruba. In 1999, Marriott introduced The Ritz-Carlton Club (Ritz-Carlton Destination Club since April 2009), a luxury fractional ownership offering. In 2001, Marriott Vacation Club International (MVCI) opened its first Asia property called Marriott's Phuket Beach Club in Phuket, Thailand. In 2001, the first property of Marriott Grand Residence Club (Grand Residences by Marriott since 2006) opened in South Lake Tahoe. In 2007, Marriott Vacation Club International began to market its core timeshare brand as Marriott Vacation Club.
In 2010, the Marriott Vacation Club Destinations program was introduced. The Destinations program allows owners to redeem Vacation Club Points for stays at Marriott Vacation Club resorts, Marriott hotels, travel packages and resorts through Interval International. The Destinations program differs from traditional timeshare ownership in that owners own "points" rather than fixed or "floating" weeks. Under the Destinations program, each property assigns a "point cost" to each type of room/villa, which usually varies by season, and owners "spend" their points to occupy.
In November 2011, Marriott Vacation Club was spun off from Marriott International and became a publicly traded company (NYSE: VAC) under the new parent company Marriott Vacations Worldwide, based in Orlando, Florida. Marriott Vacation Club retains a relationship with Marriott, enabling guests to book rooms via the Marriot.com website and retaining integration with the Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program.
In 2016, Marriott Vacation Club introduced the Marriott Vacation Club Pulse brand. These properties, set in urban locations, are designed for shorter stays. The brand launched with locations in New York City, San Diego, South Beach, Washington, DC and Boston.
As of 2018, Marriott Vacation Club is one of 4 brands that includes Marriott Vacation Club Pulse, The Ritz-Carlton Destination Club and Grand Residences by Marriott. There are around 70 Marriott Vacation Club branded resorts throughout the world, including three resorts in Spain (Costa del Sol, Mallorca and Marbella) one in France (near Paris) and three in Thailand (one in Bangkok and two in Phuket). Owners are able to exchange into other locations through the use of Interval International, a timeshare exchange company with over 3,000 resorts. Uniquely, owners may also exchange their ownership week into Marriott Rewards Points which then may be redeemed for stays at Marriott hotel properties or for travel activities such as cruises and guided tours with affiliated partners.
Structure
Originally, Marriott Vacation Club properties were sold as weeks. A "fixed week" granted the owner the right to use their villa during a specific week each year (such as week 52, which includes New Year's Eve), or the right to use their villa during a specific "season" (defined on a per-resort basis), which granted the owner the right to reserve their villa for any available week within that season. Weeks at some properties could be split, enabling a non-consecutive four-night stay and three-night stay. Weeks could be exchanged for Marriott Rewards (now Marriott Bonvoy) points. Finally, owners of multi-room villas, such as a two-bedroom lockoff, could split the unit itself and book each half as a separate reservation. Notably, owners cannot reserve villas at other properties without exchanging them through Interval International (II). "Weeks owners," as they are called, pay annual maintenance fees that cover maintenance and refurbishment at the resort.
The Marriott Vacation Club Destinations program changed this structure. Owners now purchase points at a particular property, which can be "spent" to reserve a villa for a given number of nights during a given season. Villa "pricing," in points, differs based on the size of the unit and the season. Points can also be used to reserve villas at other properties, without having to exchange through II. "Points owners," as they are called, pay annual dues, which cover maintenance and refurbishment, much like maintenance fees for weeks owners.
"Weeks" owners can "enroll" their week(s), for a fee, into the Destinations program, effectively converting their week(s) into points on an annual basis.
Marriott Vacation Club continues to sell weeks at some properties, particularly when they acquire weeks from owners wishing to sell them. Marriott Vacation Club has a contractual "right of first refusal" on all resales. If an owner obtains a purchase agreement for their week(s), Marriott Vacation Club can choose to pay the agreed-upon purchase price to obtain the week(s), effectively cancelling the sale. This approach can have the effect of keeping an owner from selling for below market value, since Marriott Vacation Club can effectively take the week(s) "off the market."
Each Marriott Vacation Club property effectively has up to two inventories of villas. Older properties' inventories consist mainly of "weeks owners." Newer properties' inventories consist mainly of points, wherein all available points are owned by a Marriott Vacation Club-controlled trust, and made available to owners who purchased under the Destinations program. Many properties have inventory of both weeks and points. It is important for owners to understand that these two inventories do not intermingle. For example, suppose an owner purchased 2,000 points at Property A, and wished to occupy a villa at Property B. Property B is an older property that was 100% sold-out as weeks. The owner will probably be unsuccessful, because there is no "points inventory" at Property B from which to fulfill their request. It is important for prospective owners to fully understand the differences between the inventories and to ensure their purchase will afford them the occupancy they desire.
The creation of the Destinations program has been controversial and resulted in lawsuits.
Similar Programs
Wyndham Vacation Ownership
Diamond Resorts International
Disney Vacation Club
Hilton Grand Vacations Company
Westgate Resorts
Bluegreen Corporation
TravelSmart VIP Vacation Club
Properties
See also
Time-share
References
External links
Marriott Vacation Club Website
Marriott Vacations Worldwide Careers Site
Club Marriott South Asia
Timeshare chains
Marriott International brands
Alangium kurzii is a tree in the family Cornaceae. It is named for the German naturalist Wilhelm Sulpiz Kurz.
Description
Alangium kurzii grows up to tall with a trunk diameter of up to . The smooth bark is dark grey. The flowers are pale greenish to creamy yellow. The ellipsoid fruits measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Alangium kurzii grows naturally from China to western Malesia. Its habitat is lowland to submontane forests from sea-level to altitude.
References
kurzii
Trees of China
Trees of Indo-China
Trees of Malesia
Plants described in 1911
Irapuato is a Mexican city (and municipality) located at the foot of the Arandas Hill (in Spanish: Cerro de Arandas), in the central region of the state of Guanajuato. It lies between the Silao River and the Guanajuato River, a tributary of the Lerma River, at above sea level. It is located at . The city is the second-largest in the state (only behind León), with a population of 342,561 according to the 2005 census, while its municipality has a population of 529,440. The municipality has an area of and includes numerous smaller outlying communities. Although it is now an important center for regional trade and transportation center as well the site of several automotive and chemical manufacturing plants, the city's main industry has historically been agriculture and it has long been known for its strawberries and the raising of pigs and cattle. The fruits and flowers of Irapuato's luxurious gardens are well known throughout Mexico.
History
Prehispanic era
In the pre-Hispanic era, the site was inhabited by the Chichimecas (c. 1200 AD), a group of semi-nomadic hunter-gatherers. Later on, the Purépechas conquered the region and initiated the establishment of a permanent settlement. They constructed buildings in the Purépecha architectural style, produced pottery, and practiced agriculture. They called the settlement Xiriquitzio (or Iriquitzio), which the Spanish conquerors pronounced "Jiricuato" (or Jiricuicho), which meant "the place with houses (or low dwellings)". The initial growth period, however, was short-lived. The downfall of the Purépecha Empire led to the abandonment of the settlement, at which point it was once again inhabited by the Chichimecas.
Conquest
In the 16th century, vasts amounts of silver ore were discovered at the present day site of the capital city of Guanajuato. This discovery led to a massive migration of Spanish settlers to the area.
Flood
On 18 August 1973, thousands of homes were destroyed and an estimated 200 or 300 people killed when a dam burst, sending a high wall of water crashing into the city.
Massacres
[[Mass shooting narco morena
]]s occurred at drug rehabilitation centers on 6 June and 1 July 2020.
Climate
It has a humid subtropical climate (Cwa in the Köppen climate classification) with an average temperature of . The large majority of rainfall occurs from June - September. It is at an altitude above sea level of .
Transportation
Airport
Irapuato is a 2 or 3 hour flight from cities including Los Angeles, Houston, Dallas, Mexico City, Monterrey, Guadalajara and Puerto Vallarta, among others. Located just 25 minutes from the city of Irapuato the Del Bajío International Airport (its correct name is Aeropuerto Internacional de Guanajuato (Guanajuato International Airport)) (IATA: BJX) is an international airport located in Silao, close to Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico. It handles national and international air traffic of the area that includes the cities of León, Irapuato, and the state capital, Guanajuato. Guanajuato International Airport is an important connecting point for some flights from Mexico City to the United States.
Major highways
Major highways in Irapuato and their starting and ending points:
Mexican Federal Highway 45 Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua - Panales, Hidalgo
Mexican Federal Highway 90 Irapuato, Guanajuato - Zapotlanejo, Jalisco
Mexican Federal Highway 43 Salamanca, Guanajuato - Morelia, Michoacán
Mexican Federal Highway 110 Armería, Colima - Xoconostle, Guanajuato
Education
The city of Irapuato is home to some private universities including catholic University of the Incarnate Word, and a single public university, the Higher Technological Institute of Irapuato (ITESI).
The city is also home to a research center of the Center for Advanced Research and Studies (CINVESTAV) specializing in plant biotechnology and genetics and the newly created National Center of Plant Genomics.
Sport
The local football team is Irapuato FC.
Stadiums and arenas
Estadio Sergio Leon Chavez
Plaza de Toros
Parque Irekua
Golf Club Santa Margarita
Notable people
Don Fernando Barba Amezcua – Philanthropist dedicated to the preservation of indigenous traditions and cultures through the Pacha Moma Cultural Space
Amalia Macías – singer and actor who toured Europe
Enrique del Moral – architect.
Silvia Navarro – actor.
Natalia Guerrero – actor.
Carolina Miranda - actor.
Carlos Cordero – athlete for Mexico at the 2012 London Olympics.
Samuel Ruiz – Catholic prelate.
Mario Castañeda – Mexican voice actor.
Chucho Navarro – founding member of the Trio Los Panchos.
Miguel Ángel Chico Herrera – president of PRI from 2005 to 2009.
Roberto Alvarado – professional soccer player who plays for Cruz Azul in the Liga MX, and the Mexico National Team.
Claudio González – professional soccer player who plays for Club Leon in the Liga MX.
Óscar Razo – professional soccer player who played for Club Atlas in the Liga MX.
Francisco Rotllán – professional soccer player who played for Mexico at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Sergio Ávila – professional soccer player who played for Chivas de Guadalajara and the Mexico U-23 national team.
José Antonio Patlán – professional soccer player who played for Chivas de Guadalajara in 2006
Juan Zaragoza – soccer player
Images
Sister cities
Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, Mexico
Green Bay, Wisconsin, United States
Houston, Texas, United States
Chula Vista, California, United States
Laredo, Texas, United States
Marianao, Havana, Cuba
McAllen, Texas, United States
Murcia, Murcia, Spain
References
External links
D IRAPUATO.COM SPANISH
Presidencia Municipal de Irapuato Official website
Irapuato Article on Wikipedia Español
Municipalities of Guanajuato
Populated places established in 1547
Populated places in Guanajuato
Lev Ivanovich Oshanin (; May 30, 1912 – December 30, 1996) was a poet, author of over 70 books of poetry, novels and poetry plays winner of the Stalin Prize of the first degree (1950) and winner of the World Festival of Youth and Students.
References
External links
Lev I. Oshanin Russian Wikipedia Article
External links
Oshanin.ouc.ru
1912 births
1996 deaths
People from Rybinsk
People from Rybinsky Uyezd
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Soviet poets
Soviet male writers
20th-century Russian male writers
Russian male poets
Russian-language poets
Russian songwriters
Soviet songwriters
Socialist realism writers
Soviet people of World War II
Stalin Prize winners
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Burials at Vagankovo Cemetery
is a junction passenger railway station located in the city of Narashino, Chiba, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Tsudanuma Station is served by the Sōbu Main Line (rapid service and local service). It is 26.7 kilometers from the starting point of both lines at Tokyo Station.
Station layout
Tsudanuma Station consists of three island platforms serving six tracks, with an elevated station building. The station has a Midori no Madoguchi staffed ticket office.
Platforms
History
The station opened on September 21, 1895.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 102,846 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The daily passenger figures (boarding passengers only) in previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area
Shin-Tsudanuma Station ( Shin-Keisei Line)
Chiba Institute of Technology
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Tsudanuma Station Information (East Japan Railway Company)
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1895
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Sōbu Main Line
Narashino
Ammerdown House in Kilmersdon, Somerset, England, was built in 1788. It has been designated as Grade I listed building.
It was built as a country house with stables and an adjacent formal garden within landscaped parkland in emparked landscape by James Wyatt for Thomas Samuel Jolliffe. The house has been handed down through the Jolliffe family to William Jolliffe, a politician, who was made Baron Hylton in the mid-19th century; the house was enlarged in 1855 & 1877, with further alteration to the west front being undertaken in 1901, possibly by Sir Edwin Lutyens.
A pair of lodges, gate piers and gates, associated with Ammerdown House, which were also built in 1788–94 by James Wyatt, are Grade II* listed buildings and on the English Heritage Heritage at Risk Register. Since 1973 the stables have been significantly altered and converted into a study centre.
The orangery and walled garden were built around 1793.
In 1853 John Twyford Jolliffe & Thomas Robert Jolliffe, the children of the builder of the house, Thomas Samuel Jolliffe, built a high column, known as the Ammerdown Park Column, Ammerdown Lighthouse or the Jolliffe Column. It was a near replica of Eddystone Lighthouse with a glass dome or viewing lantern which could be illuminated. It is a Grade II* listed building. In the late 19th century a local quarry owner, John Turner of Faulkland, took out a lawsuit against their neighbour Hedworth Jolliffe, 2nd Baron Hylton who owned Ammerdown House in Kilmersdon. When Turner lost they erected a tower of around 180 feet (55 m) high to rival the column at Ammerdown, with a dance hall and tea garden at the base. When Turner died in 1894, Lord Hylton bought the structure to demolish it. The base and dance hall were converted into workers cottages and eventually demolished in 1969.
The gardens include gothic fountains and statues surrounded by mature yews nearly high, hedging, Portugal laurels and honeysuckles trained over wired umbrellas. Spring colour is provided by daffodils, cowslips and magnolia with roses, dahlias and wild orchids flowering in the summer. The gardens are listed, Grade II*, on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England.
The current residents of the house are Andrew and Diana Jolliffe, the son and daughter in law of the 5th Baron Hylton, the current Lord Hylton. The family estate covers many of the villages around including Kilmersdon, although much of the former residential property of the estate is run by a charitable housing association set up by the current Lord Hylton.
See also
Grade I listed buildings in Mendip
References
External links
Ammerdown House Conference Centre website
Houses completed in 1788
Grade I listed buildings in Mendip District
Grade II* listed buildings in Mendip District
Gardens in Somerset
Structures on the Heritage at Risk register in Somerset
Grade I listed houses in Somerset
1788 establishments in England
Grade II* listed parks and gardens in Somerset
Mustapha Seffouhi Stadium () is a multi-use stadium in Batna, Algeria. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CA Batna. The stadium holds 5,000 people.
References
See also
1st November Stadium
External links
Stade Seffouhi file - soccerway.com
Seffouhi
Batna, Algeria
Buildings and structures in Batna Province
Pedro Ramírez may refer to:
Pedro J. Ramírez (born 1952), Spanish journalist
Pedro Ramírez (footballer, born 1992), Venezuelan footballer
Pedro Ramírez (footballer, born 2000), Argentine footballer
Pedro Ramírez (painter), Spanish painter
Pedro Ramírez (sport shooter) (born 1939), Puerto Rican Olympic shooter
Pedro Pablo Ramírez (1884–1962), President of Argentina
Pedro Ramírez Vázquez (1919–2013), Mexican architect
Riverbend is a neighborhood in southwest Columbus, Ohio. Riverbend itself is a single subdivision that is located next to Big Run Park. Because Riverbend is at the southwest border of the city, it was not annexed into the city until the late 1960s. A major road that serves as the northern boundary of the neighborhood, Clime Road, has segments that have yet to be annexed into the city.
Geography
Riverbend is located approximately 7 miles away from the Ohio Statehouse downtown. It is bordered by Clime road to the north, a railroad track that was formally used by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the East, Alkire Road to the south, and Georgesville Road and Interstate 270 (Ohio) to the west.
History
Riverbend was first settled as a farming community in what was at the time the small village of Columbus. The farm first settled was located on what was formally the Virginia Military District by William T. Clime in 1834. Clime started a 116-acre farm on the military land, and eventually expanded the farm into a 260 land holding where they bred Poland China hogs. As the farm got passed down through the family, more and more land was acquired until William's grandson Lester owned over 400 acres of land in what is today the Riverbend neighborhood area. William Clime and the rest of the Clime family are the namesake of the northern border of the neighborhood, Clime Road.
The neighborhood's southern border, Alkire Road, is named after an elected postmaster, Adam Alkire, who served from 1840 to 1846 and from 1852 to 1855.
Most of the neighborhood, including Big Run Park, was annexed into the city in the late 1960s and the early 1970s. There are small segments of Riverbend that lie directly south of Clime road that have yet to be annexed into the city of Columbus, and are technically part of Franklin Township, Franklin County, Ohio.
Landmarks and notable locations
Big Run Park
Big Run Park is located at 4201 Clime Rd Columbus, OH 43228. The Big Run Park is the largest parks in the Columbus Parks system. The park is heavily wooded and is surrounded by wetlands in the South East corner. This Columbus area park is home to the Big Run Soap Box Derby. Inside Big Run Park is the Big Run Sports Complex. The Big Run Sports Complex is an indoor facility located in the right corner of the park. The complex is home to indoor volleyball and basketball. Inside the park is located a City of Columbus Police Sub-Station. The park has 241.71 acres.
The American Legion
Riverbend is also home to the Columbus chapter of The American Legion. The Legion is dedicated to providing temporary financial assistance to veterans. The Legion itself was chartered in 1919 by veterans. Nationwide, The Legion has over 2.4 million active members, with 14,000 locations throughout the country. The branch in Riverbend is located on 1571 Demorest Road, directly west of Big Run Park.
Post Oak Station
Post Oak Station is an affordable housing project for low income families located on 1383 Vida Way, only 2 blocks south of Clime Road. One must apply for a potential lease agreement through the Columbus Metropolitan Housing Authority (CMHA), and acceptance to be able to lease does not mean one can move in immediately, due to high demand of housing an applicant is usually expected to be placed on a wait list.
References
Neighborhoods in Columbus, Ohio
Noble County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 47,457. The county seat is Albion. The county is divided into 13 townships which provide local services.
Noble County comprises the Kendallville, IN Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Fort Wayne-Huntington-Auburn, IN Combined Statistical Area.
History
Noble County's government was organized beginning in 1836. The county was named for a family that was influential in Indiana politics at the time, including the Indiana governor at the time (1831-1837) Noah Noble and their brother, James, who served as the state's first senator after it gained statehood.
Noble County's first homesteaders came from New England, known as "Yankees"; people descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the 1600s. They were part of a wave of New Englanders who migrated west to what was then the Northwest Territory during the early 1800s. This migration was sparked as a result of the completion of the Erie Canal and conclusion of the Black Hawk War. They founded the towns of Kendallville and Albion.
Geography
Noble County is in the state's northeast corner. Its low, rolling terrain is dotted with lakes and wetlands, but is otherwise entirely devoted to agriculture or urban development. Its highest point (1,073 feet/327 meters ASL), Sand Hill in Wayne Township, near the county's north line with LaGrange County, is the state's second-highest named point. The Elkhart River flows from the NW part of the county into Elkhart County.
According to the 2010 United States Census, Noble County has a total area of , of which (or 98.42%) is land and (or 1.58%) is water.
Adjacent counties
LaGrange County - north
Steuben County - northeast
DeKalb County - east
Allen County - southeast
Whitley County - south
Kosciusko County - southwest
Elkhart County - northwest
Cities
Kendallville
Ligonier
Towns
Albion
Avilla
Cromwell
Rome City
Wolcottville
Unincorporated communities
Ari
Bakertown
Bear Lake
Brimfield
Burr Oak
Cosperville
Ege
Green Center
Grismore
Indian Village
Kimmell (census-designated place)
LaOtto
Lisbon
Merriam
Ormas
Port Mitchell
Swan
Wakeville Village
Washington Center
Wawaka
Wayne Center
Wilmot
Wolf Lake
Townships
Albion
Allen
Elkhart
Green
Jefferson
Noble
Orange
Perry
Sparta
Swan
Washington
Wayne
York
Major highways
U.S. Route 6
U.S. Route 33
Indiana State Road 3
Indiana State Road 5
Indiana State Road 8
Indiana State Road 9
Indiana State Road 109
Indiana State Road 205
Major lakes
Axel Lake
Bartley Lake
Big Lake
Bixler Lake
Bristol Lake
Cree Lake
Crooked Lake (part)
Diamond Lake
Eagle Lake
Engle Lake
Gordy Lake
Grannis Lake
Jones Lake
Knapp Lake
Latta Lake
Lindsey Lake
Little Long Lake
Loon Lake (part)
Lower Long Lake
Marl Lake
Millers Lake
Moore Lake
Moss Lake
Mud
Pleasant Lake
Port Mitchell Lake
Roudy Lake
Round Lake
Schockopee Lake
Skinner Lake
Sparta Lake
Summit Lake
Sylvan Lake
Upper Long Lake
Waldron Lake
West Lakes
Wible Lake
Protected areas
Chain O'Lakes State Park
Eagle Lake Wetland Conservation Area
Hammer Wetland Nature Preserve
Mallard Roost Wetland Conservation Area
Mendenhall Wetland Conservation Area
Pioneer Trails Camp
Rome City Wetland Conservation Area
West Lakes Conservation Inc Tract
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Albion have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code. The county council is the legislative branch of the county government, controlling spending and revenue collection. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. The council members are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes and service taxes.
The executive body of the county is the board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council, collect revenue and manage the county government.
The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. Each officer serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
Each township has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief and manages cemetery care, among other duties. The trustee is assisted in these duties by a three-member township board. The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Noble County is part of Indiana's 3rd congressional district and is represented by Jim Banks in the United States Congress. It is part of Indiana Senate district 13 and Indiana House of Representatives district 82.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 47,536 people, 17,355 households, and 12,591 families in the county. The population density was . There were 20,109 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.5% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 5.2% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 9.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 32.2% claimed German, 11.1% claimed American, 9.8% claimed Irish, and 8.5% claimed English.
Of the 17,355 households, 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.5% were non-families, and 22.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.16. The median age was 37.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $53,959. Males had a median income of $40,335 versus $29,887 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,783. About 7.6% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.4% of those under age 18 and 6.5% of those age 65 or over.
Education
School districts
Central Noble Community School Corporation
East Noble School Corporation
Smith-Green Community Schools
West Noble School Corporation
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Noble County, Indiana
The News Sun, daily newspaper covering Noble County
References
External links
Noble County government website
Indiana counties
1836 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1836
Fort Wayne, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Maungakaramea is a locality in Northland, New Zealand. Whangārei is to the northeast.
Local features include Tangihua Forest, Maungakaramea Sports Club and Mid Western Rugby Club.
History and culture
The name Maungakaramea was given to the area by local Māori. There are two interpretations of the meaning of the name, one is that "Karamea" means speargrass (Aciphylla), hence the "speargrass mountain", the other is that Karamea is a coloured clay of a reddish type used for war paint on the face and body. A safe interpretation is "Red Ochre Mountain".
The area from Whangarei to Waipu, Waihonga and Tangihua, was taken from Ngaitahuhu by a Ngapuhi chief, Te Ponaharakeke, who joined with Te Ngarokiteuru to drive all the Ngaitahuhu out in the mid-18th century.
The first record of a European settler in the Maungakaramea area was in 1820 when the Reverend Samuel Marsden encountered a Māori tribe whilst travelling overland via the Kaipara Harbour.
The Maungakaramea blocks were purchased by the government in 1855.
The Eastern part of the Maungakaramea Block (now part of Mangapai) was opened for sale in April 1857, but the area now considered Maungakaramea was not open to selection until May 1859.
Amongst the early settlers were two brothers, Henry Spear Wilson and Daniel Cook Wilson. Also, Jonathan Wigmore Sherlock and their wife Ann arrived in 1859 from Ireland, and took out land orders for 78 acres, being Lots 59 and 60, on 2 May 1859 – the first day this area was open for selection.
The local Maungārongo Marae and meeting house are a traditional meeting place for the Ngāpuhi hapū of Ngāti Hine, Ngāti Te Rino, Te Parawhau and Te Uriroroi.
Demographics
Maungakaramea is in two SA1 statistical areas which cover . The SA1 areas are part of the larger Oakleigh-Mangapai statistical area.
Maungakaramea had a population of 243 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 30 people (−11.0%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 18 people (−6.9%) since the 2006 census. There were 114 households, comprising 123 males and 120 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.02 males per female, with 36 people (14.8%) aged under 15 years, 36 (14.8%) aged 15 to 29, 102 (42.0%) aged 30 to 64, and 75 (30.9%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 88.9% European/Pākehā, 21.0% Māori, and 2.5% Asian. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 59.3% had no religion, and 34.6% were Christian.
Of those at least 15 years old, 18 (8.7%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 36 (17.4%) people had no formal qualifications. 27 people (13.0%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 75 (36.2%) people were employed full-time, 33 (15.9%) were part-time, and 9 (4.3%) were unemployed.
Oakleigh-Mangapai statistical area
Oakleigh-Mangapai statistical area, which includes Oakleigh, covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Oakleigh-Mangapai had a population of 2,310 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 105 people (4.8%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 303 people (15.1%) since the 2006 census. There were 879 households, comprising 1,155 males and 1,158 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.0 males per female. The median age was 44.1 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 444 people (19.2%) aged under 15 years, 345 (14.9%) aged 15 to 29, 1,182 (51.2%) aged 30 to 64, and 339 (14.7%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 90.0% European/Pākehā, 18.7% Māori, 2.2% Pacific peoples, 1.6% Asian, and 2.1% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 14.5, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 64.7% had no religion, 24.7% were Christian, 0.1% were Hindu, 0.4% were Buddhist and 1.9% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 270 (14.5%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 363 (19.5%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $32,300, compared with $31,800 nationally. 291 people (15.6%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 987 (52.9%) people were employed full-time, 339 (18.2%) were part-time, and 51 (2.7%) were unemployed.
Education
Maungakaramea School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a roll of students as of The school celebrated its 125th reunion in 2000.
Notes
Whangarei District
Populated places in the Northland Region
The Revolutionary Ensemble was a free jazz trio consisting of violinist Leroy Jenkins (1932–2007), bassist Sirone (Norris Jones, 1940–2009) and percussionist/pianist Jerome Cooper (1946–2015). The group was active from 1970–1977, and reunited briefly in 2004. Musician George E. Lewis described the trio as "one of the signal groups of the period." Writer John Fordham stated that the group "was remarkable for its concentration on texture, tone colour and the then unclaimed territory between jazz and contemporary classical music." A DownBeat reviewer, writing in 1972, described them as "a unique, utterly contemporary unit of extraordinarily talented players who possess a world understanding of what 'organized sound' is all about."
History
Prior to the formation of the Revolutionary Ensemble in 1970, Jenkins, recently returned from Europe, had been playing with Anthony Braxton and Leo Smith in a group called Creative Construction Company. Following a May 19, 1970 performance by the group at Greenwich Village's "Peace Church", Braxton left, and joined Chick Corea's group, which became known as Circle. Jenkins began playing with a large group that included Sirone, who had previously played with Pharoah Sanders, Marion Brown, and Gato Barbieri, and to whom Jenkins had been introduced by drummer Sunny Murray. The two began discussing the possibility of forming a new group, and Sirone proposed a leaderless lineup of violin, bass, and drums, to which Jenkins initially responded with shock, before suggesting the name Revolutionary Ensemble. (Sirone later recalled that other musicians told them "You must be crazy. Violin, bass, and drums!") They recruited drummer Frank Clayton, but they were soon replaced by Jerome Cooper, who had been playing in Europe with Steve Lacy, Rahsaan Roland Kirk, the Art Ensemble of Chicago, and others, and who, after leaving Europe and arriving in New York, contacted Jenkins at the recommendation of Roscoe Mitchell.
The trio began rehearsing on a regular basis at Ornette Coleman's Artists House loft, where Jenkins had been living, as well as at the home of artist Fred Brown. Jenkins recalled: "we got together and practiced every day... five days a week, anywhere from 11 to two o'clock. I mean, we just hung out. We just played and played, and my art of improvisation got tremendously better, and the group got beautifully tight." In 1971, the group began rehearsing at the annex to Joseph Papp's Public Theater, then presented a concert there. The following year, they booked a four week engagement at the Mercer Arts Center. According to Jenkins, "first week... nobody was there. Second week, two or three. Third week it was half packed. The fourth week it was jam-packed." By 1972, the group was performing more regularly, with concerts at Artists House, the Jamaica Art Center in Queens, the Five Spot, and the Village Vanguard, as well as various radio interviews. In March of that year, they presented a concert at the Peace Church, a recording of which was released on the ESP-Disk label as their first album Vietnam. On December 31, 1972, they performed at the St. Marks Theater, and released a live recording of the concert as their second album, Manhattan Cycles, issued on India Navigation the following year.
By the mid-1970s, the group was receiving greater recognition, and began appearing at festivals. In 1975, they formed a record company named RE Records for the purpose of releasing their third album, The Psyche. They then left for a European tour, taking boxes of the LPs with them, and selling out the first and only pressing to European record dealers. The group also landed a short-lived recording contract with Horizon Records, a subsidiary of A&M Records, allowing them to record and release their first studio album, The People's Republic. However, according to Sirone, when A&M's cofounder Herb Alpert played an excerpt from the album for musical director Quincy Jones, it elicited a harsh, negative reaction, with Jones claiming that they had "been conned; that it wasn't jazz or music and blah blah blah." (A&M closed Horizon Records in 1979 following a slump in music sales.)
In 1977, the group released their fifth album, Revolutionary Ensemble, recorded live in Austria, on the Enja label. However, work began to dry up, and, at the same time, the musicians were being pulled in different artistic directions. Cooper recalled: "I was going into more of a shamanistic journey. I was hanging out with this Mexican, pre-Columbian drummer, Antonio Zapata. And Sirone was going into theater and moving to Berlin. Leroy was going into a more notated European music." The group disbanded that year. However, in 2004, the Mutable Music label reissued The Psyche on CD, and the trio reunited, performing at the Vision Festival, and recording their second and final studio album, And Now..., for Pi Recordings. In May of the following year, they performed in Warsaw, Poland; the concert was recorded and released by Mutable Music in 2008 as Beyond the Boundary of Time. In November 2005, they played in Genoa, Italy, yielding the album Counterparts, released by Mutable in 2012. Jenkins's death in 2007 precluded any further reunions.
Legacy and music
The Revolutionary Ensemble was unusual in that it was a cooperative group, with all three members contributing compositions. Sirone recalled that, in early discussions with Jenkins, they insisted: "everybody has to hold their own ground. We're not talking about no leaders here." Cooper reflected: "we weren't like a trio. We were three individuals playing." Jenkins enjoyed the absence of a group leader, stating: "It takes a lot of the load off you. A leader has a lot of extra work and the other guys sit back and get all the benefits of their work. The leader also becomes a father complex and a lot of leaders just don't want to be a father." Author Bob Gluck summed up the musical results of this approach: "individual and group configurations were malleable constructs, one giving way to the other without so much as a moment's notice. Collectivity could just as soon feature simultaneous and multiple individual initiatives as it could musical togetherness. Construction of a cohesive whole was constantly subject to instantaneous negotiation. Some might view this approach as anarchic, but the three musicians of the Revolutionary Ensemble functioned like a musical high-wire act, sounding sometimes like one voice and at other times like independent individuals coexisting in the same sound space."
The group's primary instrumentation was also unique, and each of the members doubled on secondary instruments. Although their primary instrument was violin, Jenkins also played viola, alto saxophone, kalimba, recorder, percussion, flute, and harmonica. In addition to playing bass, Sirone played trombone, percussion, and flute, while Cooper played an array of percussion instruments, bugle, flute, piano, electronic keyboards, and saw.
The ensemble's musical style was characterized by three notable traits. The first is "parallel play," "a performance mode in which all three musicians pursued their own direction while contributing to a shared overall construction. The 'glue' for such performance is a combined energy level, density, texture, and sense of shared purpose." The second is the fact that Sirone's bass is rarely heard in a conventional, supportive mode, and instead maintains equal footing with the other instruments. The third is an emphasis on musical texture and the physicality of the instruments as conveyed through sound, what Bob Gluck referred to as "collective sound paintings."
Sirone summed up their experience with the group: "It was very difficult even to be alive for the three of us, and it's a miracle in itself playing this music; the dedication that we put towards this music... having the rare opportunity to write music like that and have musicians
to honestly approach it. That just don't happen every day."
Discography
1972: Vietnam (ESP-Disk)
1972: Manhattan Cycles (India Navigation)
1975: The Psyche (RE Records)
1976: The People's Republic (A&M/Horizon)
1977: Revolutionary Ensemble (Enja)
2004: And Now... (Pi)
2008: Beyond the Boundary of Time (Mutable) recorded 2005
2012: Counterparts (Mutable) recorded 2005
References
American jazz ensembles
Free jazz ensembles
American musical trios
Pi Recordings artists
Inner City Records artists
A&M Records artists
ESP-Disk artists
Enja Records artists
India Navigation artists
Duality may refer to:
Mathematics
Duality (mathematics), a mathematical concept
Dual (category theory), a formalization of mathematical duality
Duality (optimization)
Duality (order theory), a concept regarding binary relations
Duality (projective geometry), general principle of projective geometry
Duality principle (Boolean algebra), the extension of order-theoretic duality to Boolean algebras
S-duality (homotopy theory)
Philosophy, logic, and psychology
Dualistic cosmology, a twofold division in several spiritual and religious worldviews
Dualism (philosophy of mind), where the body and mind are considered to be irreducibly distinct
De Morgan's laws, specifically the ability to generate the dual of any logical expression
Complementary duality of Carl Jung's functions and types in Socionics
Science
Electrical and mechanical
Duality (electrical circuits), regarding isomorphism of electrical circuits
Duality (mechanical engineering), regarding isomorphism of some mechanical laws
Physics
AdS/CFT correspondence (anti de Sitter/conformal field theory correspondence), sometimes called the Maldacena duality
Dual resonance model
Duality (electricity and magnetism)
Englert–Greenberger duality relation
Holographic duality
Kramers–Wannier duality
Mirror symmetry (string theory)
Montonen–Olive duality
Mysterious duality
String duality, a class of symmetries
S-duality
T-duality
U-duality
Wave–particle duality
Music
Albums
Duality (Peter Leitch and John Hicks album), 1994
Duality (Lisa Gerrard and Pieter Bourke album), 1998
Duality (Set It Off album), 2014
Duality (Ra album), 2005
Duality (mixtape), 2012
Duality, a 2009 album by Darker Half
Duality, a 2020 album by Duke Dumont
Duality, a 2018 album by Big Scoob
Duality, a 2022 album by Luna Li
Songs
"Duality", a 2014 single from pop rock/punk rock band Set It Off
"Duality" (song), a 2004 single & Grammy-nominated song by metal band Slipknot
"Duality", a 2007 single from alternative rock/punk band Bayside
Other
Duality (film), a 2001-Star Wars fan film by Dave Macomber and Mark Thomas
Duality, a large format audio mixing console by Solid State Logic
Duality (CoPs), refers to the notion of a duality in a Community of Practice
Dual (grammatical number), grammatical number that some languages use in addition to singular and plural
See also
Double (disambiguation)
Dual (disambiguation)
Duality principle (disambiguation)
List of dualities: philosophy, mathematics, physics and engineering
Nondualism (philosophy)
Triality (mathematics)
USS Harrison was a schooner chartered and outfitted by General George Washington during the American Revolution for the Continental Navy. They were assigned to capture British supply ships as part of Washington's plans for the siege of Boston, Massachusetts, and to provide the Continental Army with whatever goods they carried.
Service history
Harrison, a former fishing schooner built in 1761, and named the Triton was chartered 22 October 1775 as part of the small fleet outfitted by General George Washington to capture much needed supplies and to aid them in the siege of Boston. Under Captain William Colt the ship set sail from Plymouth, Massachusetts, where they had been obtained, on 26 October. Although Harrison was not sturdy or particularly seaworthy. Captain Colt succeeded in capturing two British provision ships 5 November. Continuing their cruise against British shipping, the ship departed again 13 November 1775 and after 'being chased by frigate HMS Tartar on the 23d, brought two more prizes into port 1 December. Harrison remained at Plymouth and was frozen in by ice for a time in January. After making two short unproductive cruises, they were decommissioned.
References
Ships of the Continental Navy
Schooners of the United States Navy
1761 ships
Sir Samuel McCaughey (1 July 1835 – 25 July 1919) was an Irish-born pastoralist, politician and philanthropist in Australia.
Early life
McCaughey was born on 1 July 1835 at Tullynewey, near Ballymena, Ireland, the son of Francis McCaughey, farmer and merchant, and their wife Eliza, née Wilson.
McCaughey came to Australia with an uncle, Charles Wilson, a brother of Sir Samuel Wilson and landed at Melbourne in April 1856. They immediately went to the country and began working as a jackaroo, in three months was appointed an overseer, and two years later became manager of Kewell station while their uncle was on a visit to England.
Career
In 1860, after their uncle's return, they acquired an interest in Coonong station near Urana with two partners. Their brother John, who came out later, became a partner in other stations.
During the early days of Coonong station McCaughey suffered greatly from drought conditions, but overcame these by sinking bores for artesian water and constructing large tanks and so was a pioneer of water-conservation in Australia.
In 1871 McCaughey was away from Australia for two years on holiday, and on their return did much experiment in sheep-breeding, at first seeking the strains that could produce the best wool in the Riverina district, and afterwards when the mutton trade developed considering the question from that angle.
In 1880 when Sir Samuel Wilson went to England, McCaughey bought two of their stations, Toorale and Dunlop Stations. McCaughey then owned about 3,000,000 acres (12,000 km²). In 1886 when they again visited the old world they imported a considerable number of Vermont sheep from the United States, and they also introduced fresh strains from Tasmania.
In 1900 McCaughey bought North Yanco and at great cost constructed about 200 miles of channels and irrigated 40,000 acres (160 km²). The success of this scheme is believed to have encouraged the New South Wales government to proceed with the dam at Burrinjuck.
McCaughey had become a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council in 1899, and in 1905 they were made a Knight Bachelor. McCaughey suffered from nephritis and they died from heart failure at Yanco on 25 July 1919 and was buried in the grounds of St John's Presbyterian Church in Narrandera. They never married.
Death and legacy
McCaughey died at Yanco on 25 July 1919.
They were a generous philanthropist; they donated £10,000 to the Dreadnought Fund, £10,000 to Dr Barnardo's Homes, gave liberally to the Red Cross and other war charities besides insuring 500 soldiers at £200 each.
After their death, their estate was sworn for probate at over £1,600,000. Apart from bequests of £200,000 and all their motor vehicles to their brother John and legacies to their station managers and employees, they left £10,000 to increase the stipends of Presbyterian clergy, £20,000 to the Burnside Orphan Homes at Parramatta, £20,000 to Scots College in Sydney, £10,000 each to five other independent schools (Newington College, Sydney Church of England Grammar School, Sydney Grammar School, Cranbrook School, Sydney and The King's School, Parramatta), £5000 to the Salvation Army and £5000 each to seven hospitals.
Half the residue of their estate went to the University of Sydney (£458,000 from which nine chairs were created, including the McCaughey Chair of French) and to the University of Queensland. The other half went to the relief of members of the Australian Military and Naval Expeditionary Forces and their widows and children.
Their portrait by John Longstaff is in the Great Hall of the University of Sydney.
Yanco Agricultural High School
One of the schools which directly bears their legacy is Yanco Agricultural High School, located near Leeton, New South Wales. This school was founded around a building built by McCaughey to host The Duke of York during a planned visit to Australia. A life-size portrait of McCaughey is in the entry to this building.
McCaughey Chair of French
The following professors occupied this chair at Sydney University:
George Gibb Nicholson, 1921–45
Ian Allan Ramie Henning, 1945–70
Leigh Ross Chambers, 1971–75
Ian Peter Barko, 1976–90
Angus Andrews Martin, 1992–99
Margaret Sankey, 2003-
Family
Their brother John, also a pastoralist, has an art prize in their name: the John McCaughey Memorial Art Prize was set up by their widow Mona in 1957.
References
Further reading
1835 births
1919 deaths
Australian philanthropists
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Irish emigrants to colonial Australia
Australian Knights Bachelor
People from Ballymena
Settlers of Australia
19th-century philanthropists
19th-century Australian businesspeople
"Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool for You Baby)" is the title of a Top 30 hit single for Lulu which was recorded in September 1969 in the Muscle Shoals Sound Studio sessions for Lulu's Atco Records album debut New Routes. The song has been most notably remade by Aretha Franklin, The Raes, Buster Poindexter, Tina Arena, and Ronnie Spector on English Heart (2016).
Lulu version
Lulu would later opine of Atlantic Record honchos Jerry Wexler, Tom Dowd and Arif Mardin, the producers of their album New Routes: "I don't think they knew what to do with me, and the only big hit I got [off the album] was a song that I [brought in] with me" - referring to "Oh Me Oh My ...", which had been written by Jim Doris who – as Jimmy Doris – had been vocalist-guitarist for the Stoics, a band which formed in Lulu's native Glasgow in the late 1960s and whose membership had included Frankie Miller. (Doris helped contribute another song to New Routes: "After All (I Live My Life)" - co-written with Miller - and their composition "Take Good Care of Yourself" was featured on the follow-up album Melody Fair. Reportedly, Doris subsequently went into A&R work before being sidelined by mental instability, which may have been a factor in theirs being killed when run over by a bus in London in the late 1980s or early 1990s.
Issued as advance single from New Routes in October 1969, "Oh Me Oh My ..." represented a radical change of direction for Lulu, who was coming off their best ever UK chart placing at #2 with the Eurovision winner "Boom Bang-a-Bang". The move to a more mature sound with "Oh Me Oh My ..." was unappreciated in the UK where the track barely reached the Top 50. In the US, "Oh Me Oh My ..." ranked as high as #4 in Birmingham, Alabama in November 1969, but charted nationally as only a moderate Easy Listening hit at #36. Several performances by Lulu on US television helped break "Oh Me Oh My ..." into the Billboard Hot 100 in December 1969, and then buoyed the track as it gradually gained momentum, so that at the end of February 1970, it became Lulu's first Top 30 hit since "To Sir with Love". "Oh Me Oh My ..." peaked at #22 that March. In Cash Box it achieved a #18 peak.
In Australia the Go-Set Top 40 chart showed "Oh Me Oh My ..." peaking at #33 in January 1970. The RPM 100 chart for Canada ranked "Oh Me Oh My ..." as high as #16 in March 1970. That same month the New Zealand Listener Pop-o-meter chart ranked "Oh Me Oh My ..." as high as #12.
Lulu recorded a translated version of "Oh Me Oh My ..." for release in Italy, entitled "Povera Me"; the track was released in June 1970 to no apparent attention, despite a promotional junket by Lulu that July.
Chart performance
Aretha Franklin version
Aretha Franklin cut a version of "Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool For You Baby)" for their 1972 Young, Gifted and Black album which like Lulu's New Routes was produced by Arif Mardin, Jerry Wexler and Tom Dowd. Franklin's first studio album of new material since Spirit in the Dark in 1970, Young, Gifted and Black demonstrated Franklin's increasing penchant for covering pop songs and besides Lulu's "Oh Me Oh My..." Franklin gave R&B readings to songs made famous by Dusty Springfield and Dionne Warwick, specifically "A Brand New Me" and "April Fools". "Oh Me Oh My..." was used as the B-side for the album's lead single "Rock Steady", eventually receiving enough focus to reach #9 on the R&B charts crossing over to #73 Pop.
Tina Arena version
"Oh Me, Oh My" was remade in 2008 by Tina Arena for their Songs of Love & Loss 2 album recorded at AIR Lyndhurst Hall in London accompanied by conductor Simon Hale and the London Studio Orchestra in July 2008. Arena's version – entitled "Oh Me, Oh My" without the subtitle in parentheses – was issued as the album's single in digital format on November 8, 2008 by EMI Australia.
Other versions
"Oh Me Oh My (I'm a Fool For You Baby)" has also been recorded by Oleta Adams, Beth Hart, Barbara Mason, Bill Medley, Buster Poindexter, Joe Tex, Irma Thomas and – as "Oh Me Oh My" – by Ann Austin, Lloyd Terrell, Renee Geyer, Rod McKuen, Benny Mardones for their 1981 album "Too Much to Lose", The Raes, B.J. Thomas and Lisa Hartman; the last named performed an abbreviated version of the song in the 1981 miniseries Jacqueline Susann's Valley of the Dolls.
Notes
References
External links
Lulu (singer) songs
Aretha Franklin songs
1969 singles
1972 singles
2008 singles
Atco Records singles
Atlantic Records singles
EMI Records singles
French-language songs
French pop songs
Tina Arena songs
Song recordings produced by Tom Dowd
Song recordings produced by Jerry Wexler
Song recordings produced by Arif Mardin
1969 songs
United Nations Security Council resolution 677, adopted unanimously on 28 November 1990, after recalling resolutions 660 (1990), 662 (1990) and 674 (1990), the Council condemned attempts by Iraq to alter the demographic information of Kuwait and the restrictions on the movement of its citizens.
Acting under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, the Council also condemned attempts by Iraq to destroy civil records maintained by the Government of Kuwait. Therefore, the resolution mandated the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar to take custody of a population register of Kuwait that has been certified by the "legitimate Government of Kuwait" and which covers the population register until 1 August 1990. It also asked the Secretary-General and the Kuwaiti government to establish a set of rules and regulations governing access to the register.
The resolution was adopted in anticipation of the disappearance of Kuwaitis or the influx of non-Kuwaitis as a result of Iraqi policy in the occupied country.
See also
Foreign relations of Iraq
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
Text of the resolution at un.org, German translation
0677
0677
Gulf War
1990 in Iraq
1990 in Kuwait
0677
November 1990 events
Exercise Redoubt Condor was a United States Air Force Reserve exercise that occurred in 1981 and was headquartered at Westover Air Reserve Base. It was designed to be a continuation of Operation Redoubt, a series of exercises that tested the mobilization capabilities of the Air Force Reserve. It was the largest mobilization of the Air Force Reserve in its history. Redoubt Condor culminated in 1981 by being the largest Air Force Reserve mobilization at the time.
References
United States Air Force exercises
Diane DiResta is an American speaker, author, media trainer, speech coach and certified speech pathologist based in New York City. DiResta has worked with celebrities and corporations to train them in communication skills.
Career
DiResta received a Masters of Science from Columbia University in Speech Pathology, and a B.A. in Speech from Brooklyn College. They received a certificate of clinical competence in speech-language pathology.
They started their career as a speech therapist at the NYC Board of Education and later started a consultancy company, DiResta Communications, Inc. that works with executives in Fortune 500 companies and celebrities to train them in communication skills. DiResta has also served as an adjunct lecturer at St Joseph's College and New York University. DiResta has also served as the president of National Speakers Association, New York City.
They have authored a book in 1998 on public speaking, Knockout Presentations: How to Deliver Your Message With Power, Punch, and Pizzazz, became the best seller on Amazon. The third edition of the book was published by Morgan James Publishing in September 2018. In 2015, DiResta received the Certified Speaking Professional (CSP) designation from the National Speakers Association.
DiResta has coached and trained executives in corporations including AT&T, Chase Manhattan Bank, Warner Brothers., the U.S. Army, the NBA, Merck, and IBM among others.
Publications
Give Fear the Boot: Kick Your Fear of Public Speaking (BookBaby eBook, 2014);
Knockout Presentations: How to Deliver Your Message With Power, Punch, and Pizzazz (Chandler House Press, 1998/2009);
Conversations on Success - Interview with David E. Wright (Insight Publishing Company, 2004);
"Voice Power: The Care and Feeding of the Professional Voice," Professional Speaker Magazine, May 2004.
References
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American women writers
Speech coaches
Brooklyn College alumni
21st-century American women
Elise Stacy (born 2 April 1987) is a former Australian field hockey player.
Personal life
Elise Stacy was born and raised in Adelaide. They live in Sydney with their husband Justin Kosmina to whom they married on 9 April 2021.
Hockey
Domestic career
Stacy played for the Southern Suns in Hockey Australia's former premier domestic league, the Australian Hockey League (AHL). During their career in the AHL, Stacy won one national title with the team. In 2011, during the 19th edition of the competition, the Southern Suns defeated the NSW Arrows to win the title.
Hockeyroos
Elise Stacy was first selected in the Australian national squad in 2010.
They made their senior international debut in 2011 during a test series against India in Perth, where they also scored their first international goal. They followed this up with an appearance during the succeeding test series against China in Busselton.
International goals
The Bachelor Australia
In 2017, Stacy was a contestant on the fifth season of the reality series The Bachelor Australia. Stacy finished as runner-up on the show, with Matty Johnson deciding to enter a relationship with Laura Byrne.
References
1987 births
Living people
Australian female field hockey players
The men's sabre was a competition in fencing at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. A total of 39 men from 21 nations competed in this event. Nations had been limited to three fencers each since 1928. Competition took place in the Fencing Hall at the Helliniko Olympic Complex on August 14. The event was won by Aldo Montano of Italy, the nation's first victory in the men's sabre since 1920 (and second overall). Montano accomplished what their grandfather (Aldo Montano) and father (Mario Aldo Montano), both world champions in the individual event and Olympic medalists in the team competition, had not been able to: Olympic gold in the individual event. Zsolt Nemcsik of Hungary took silver while Vladislav Tretiak earned Ukraine's first medal in the event with their bronze. France's five-Games medal streak ended.
Background
This was the 25th appearance of the event, which is the only fencing event to have been held at every Summer Olympics. Four of the quarterfinalists from 2000 returned: gold medalist Mihai Covaliu of Romania, bronze medalist Wiradech Kothny of Germany, fourth-place finisher Domonkos Ferjancsik of Hungary, and fifth-place finisher (and 1996 bronze medalist) Damien Touya of France. The favorites were Russia's Stanislav Pozdnyakov (1996 gold medalist and 1997, 2001, and 2002 world champion) and Ukraine's Volodymyr Lukashenko (2003 world champion).
The Republic of the Congo made its debut in the men's sabre. Italy made its 23rd appearance in the event, most of any nation, having missed the inaugural 1896 event and the 1904 Games.
Competition format
The 1996 tournament had vastly simplified the competition format into a single-elimination bracket, with a bronze medal match. The 2004 tournament continued to use that format. Bouts were to 15 touches. Standard sabre rules regarding target area, striking, and priority were used.
Schedule
All times are Greece Standard Time (UTC+2)
Results
Preliminary round
As there were more than 32 entrants in this event, seven first round matches were held to reduce the field to 32 fencers.
Main tournament bracket
The remaining field of 32 fencers competed in a single-elimination tournament to determine the medal winners. Semifinal losers proceeded to a bronze medal match.
Final classification
References
Yahoo! Sports Athens 2004 Summer Olympics Fencing Results
Men's sabre
Men's events at the 2004 Summer Olympics
N'gauma District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is
Massangulo. Other notable towns include Ngaúma and Itepela. The main people group in the area are the Yawo people. N'gauma is largely made up of farm land with multiple large clusters of mountains.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
Vengeance Is a Dish Served Cold (), also known as Death's Dealer, is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Pasquale Squitieri and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot
Jeremias was 12 years old when an onslaught on their parents' ranch made them an orphan. They have fought Indians ever since because they consider them responsible for this atrocity. One day, they capture Tune, a young squaw in the wilderness. They bring them to the next city because they plan to sell them as a slave to the highest bidder. Before they are passed on to a buyer, a racist mob tries to lynch them Jeremias foils this attempts but is taken by surprise later on. Two bandits abduct Tune and leave Jeremias for dead. As soon as they have recovered sufficiently they pursue the misdoers. When they get at them, it turns out they are associated with a so-called friend of their late father. Jeremias discloses that this presumed friend did not only deceive George Bridger, but also their son Jeremias. The murderers of the Bridger family have been their henchman who had been ordered to mask themselves as Indians.
Cast
Leonard Mann as Jim Bridger
Ivan Rassimov as Perkins
Klaus Kinski as Prescott
Elizabeth Eversfield as Tune
Steffen Zacharias as Doc
Salvatore Billa as Ted
Teodoro Corrà as Boon
Giorgio Dolfin
Enzo Fiermonte as George Bridger, Jim's father
Isabella Guidotti
Stefano Oppedisano
Gianfranco Tamborra
Pietro Torrisi as Roy
Yotanka
See also
Klaus Kinski filmography
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Italian-language films
1971 Western (genre) films
Spaghetti Western films
Films directed by Pasquale Squitieri
Films scored by Piero Umiliani
1970s Italian films
Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development SA is a Swiss for-profit entity and international development finance institution which invests in countries of East Africa, West Africa, Central Asia, and South Asia. It is based in Geneva, Switzerland.
It was founded by Aga Khan IV and is part of the Aga Khan Development Network.
History
Aga Khan Fund for Economic Development (AKFED) was founded in 1984 and is a part of Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN). It consists of more than 150 companies and is active in 15 countries which employs more than 30,000 people. The agency works to build infrastructures that support economic development. Its major investments include the Financial Services, Industrial Promotion Services (IPS) and Tourism Promotion Services (TPS). These initiatives span improvements in banking, electricity, agriculture, hotels, aviation, and communications linkages.
AKFED provides a living for millions of people, in particular in the agribusiness sector. For Example, AKFED developed green bean farming in Kenya by providing 50,000 farmers with technical assistance and buying their produce for export to Europe. The company has 2,000 employees, turns a profit, and indirectly provides a living for 500,000 people.
In conjunction with the governments of certain developing countries, AKFED operates to promote the private sector. Through the support of industries, the agency aims to bolster the participation of developing regions in market economies. In addition, essential to sustaining development initiatives is a stable human resource bank from which to draw support. To this end, AKFED provides training in administrative, managerial, and marketing skills with the aim of fostering locally owned enterprises. Where capital is unavailable, the agency provides the initial investment for companies through the use of microloans. As a for-profit organisation, however, AKFED conducts its businesses as a standard employer with ups and downs associated with financial results.
Companies and subsidiaries
AKFED operates in conjunction with private donors, international economic organizations and individual governments to address constraints and hindrances to development. Working primarily in Africa and Asia, the agency encourages the growth of industry and infrastructure in order for developing regions to generate the capital necessary for investment into AKFED's many projects and more generally, for a country's growth.
Since the 1960s, the agency has supported a group of enterprises under the Industrial Promotion Services (IPS), each of which was conceptualized to spur investment and increase activity in the corporate sectors of developing countries. However, with the international climate largely favouring countries with export-oriented economies in place of popular import substitution industrialization (ISI), IPS adjusted its approach. The changes would include an emphasis upon privatization and the agency embarked on its goal with a new approach in the 1980s. Private enterprises and entrepreneurs became generators for capital investment into agribusiness and infrastructure, both crucial to the development process.
Financial services
Operating in East Africa, Central Asia and South Asia, AKFED supports the creation of financial institutions including banks and insurance groups within these regions. The agency is a major supporter of corporate activity and is a prime lender for local business both in Bangladesh and the Kyrgyz Republic where it founded the Kyrgyz Investment and Credit Bank (KICB).
One of the agency's earliest holdings was the Diamond Trust Bank of Kenya and Uganda, founded in 1930, the aim of which was to use locally generated funds to create loans for small business and the construction of homes. Soon after, Jubilee Insurance Group joined the agency's banks in East Africa. In India, the agency became an important shareholder for the Development Credit Bank Ltd. In 2004, AKFED acquired holdings in Pakistan's largest private-sector financial institution, HBL.
Food and agriculture
In the domain of food and agriculture, IPS facilitates agricultural extension to farmers, in order to make possible their participation in global markets. Using a participatory programme of education and technical skills training for farmers, IPS supports the rural economies of developing countries by facilitating exports to developed regions. For the initial costs of such production until harvest revenues are generated, microloans are provided to farmers by non-profit agencies of the AKDN. In addition to microfinance and education, the agency works to improve the health and sanitation conditions of its beneficiaries, and considers employee welfare to be of paramount concern, providing equitable opportunity between genders and making child-care provisions for its employees. One of IPS' companies is Frigoken, which is Kenya's largest vegetable processor.
Infrastructure
Within the IPS, AKFED operates in conjunction with international economic organizations, private donors and individual governments to resolve issues of electricity and water supply, as well as communications infrastructure.
Private enterprises in the form of power plants have been a major project of the agency, through which it invested in the largest plant within sub-Saharan Africa, Azito Energy. The project's counterpart in Kenya, is Mombasa's Tsavo Power plant. In neighbouring Uganda, the agency is working to establish the critical Bujagali Hydro Power Project. Currently, the agency is working to establish the Pamir power plant in Tajikistan, the aim of which is to reinvigorate the country's economy and resolve electricity inadequacies.
AKFED's first telecommunications initiative is known as Indigo, a GSM mobile phone project based in Tajikistan. An important aspect of the reconstruction and development process, the agency embarked on its second mobile phone initiative in Afghanistan (mobile network operators in Afghanistan). Today the country's company, Roshan (telco) has expanded to create over 500 jobs for the country.
AKFED owns 51% of the Roshan (telco) cellphone network in Afghanistan. Started in 2003, it is the largest commercial wireless operator in Afghanistan.
Tourism development
The Tourism Promotion Services, known as TPS, aims at creating sustainable tourist attractions in underdeveloped communities. Paying attention to cultural values as well as environmental issues, TPS creates a wide variety of tourist facilities that generate sustainable community capital, stimulate local economic growth and promote positive investment opportunities.
Under the brand name Serena, TPS constructs and maintains a multitude of resorts, hotels and other tourist attractions that serve to stimulate local economic growth through increased employment, development of a skilled workforce, increased productivity of local businesses (particularly in the design and craft spheres) and the general development of given areas. In all of these aspects, emphasis is placed on the active employment and input of the local community.
In regions that are neglected by commercial tourism corporations, TPS aims to develop facilities that meet the international standards for hospitality, accommodation and service. Attention to such factors further promotes economic growth as well as the potential for local business development within less-frequented regions.
While seeking to stimulate economic growth and generate sustainable capital, TSP aims at protecting and maintaining the local environment.
Media services
Aga Khan founded the Kenya's major media service, the Nation Media Group in 1960. In the year's leading up to Kenya's independence, Nation Media's predecessors, Taifa and Nation newspapers, served as vehicles of independent opinion. Today, the group operates nationwide newspapers in English and Swahili languages, as well as radio and television stations. At present, the group has expanded to serve Uganda and Tanzania also.
Aviation services
The Aviation division of the foundation is dedicated to providing support to the existing aviation infrastructure, which serves to support various projects of economic development. By providing worker training, investment knowledge and general management guidance, the division seeks to strengthen existing airline companies and provide them with efficient equipment and resources.
In areas such as Mali, the division supports previously existing airlines by increasing fleet size and reviving currently non-functional companies in order to provide much-needed air support for the development projects within the region. In Uganda, a new airline, Air Uganda, formed in 2007 and ended in 2014, filled a void that had been vacant since the national airline, Uganda Airlines, collapsed in May 2001. In addition, the multiple airline companies of AKFED are connected through a network known as “Group Celestair”, which serves to collectively increase the efficiency and scope of support for the various airlines throughout the region.
AKFED is currently considering possible airport management opportunities at a multitude of locations.
References
External links
AKFED official website
Economic
International organisations based in Switzerland
Development finance institutions
1984 establishments in Switzerland
Companies based in Geneva
The pale-bellied mourner (Rhytipterna immunda) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
pale-bellied mourner
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
pale-bellied mourner
pale-bellied mourner
pale-bellied mourner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Avalanche Lake is a mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York. Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain. The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake. Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall. Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east. Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed. To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondak Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed. Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible. There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face. This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in 1868 when a mountain guide waded to carry one of their clients past a point with no footing on shore, their husband urged them to sit higher on their shoulders.
History
The European discovery of the lake dates to an 1833 surveying party led by Judge John Richards and Major Reuben Sanford; it was named by William C. Redfield. A large avalanche occurred on August 20, 1869, that created a number of the landslides on Mount Colden, the rubble from which substantially raised the level of the lake. Another avalanche in 1942 caused further slides that raised the lake level by 10 feet (3 m).
References
Lakes of New York (state)
Adirondack Park
Lakes of Essex County, New York
Stand Up is the second studio album by the Contemporary Christian music band Everyday Sunday. The album was released on September 24, 2002 through Flicker Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Andrew Martin - guitar
Chris Hines - drums, percussion
Daniel James - bass
Trey Pearson - vocals
Additional personnel
Michael Tait
References
2002 albums
Flicker Records albums
Everyday Sunday albums
Glen Margaret is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula. It was first inhabited by the Mi'kmaq who spent their summers along the coast to catch a fresh supply of fish. The first overseas settlers arrived during the late 18th century and by the early 19th century a number of land grants attracted permanent residents.
Today, the community is the home of a number of creative persons such as artists, publishers and authors.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Matej Hamrák (born October 14, 1987) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward playing for Sangliers Arvernes de Clermont of the FFHG Division 1.
Hamrák previously played thirteen games for HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga during the 2006–07 season. They also played in the Tipsport Liga for HK Spišská Nová Ves, HC '05 Banská Bystrica, HK Nitra and ŠHK 37 Piešťany.
Since 2015, Hamrák has played in France, beginning with Aigles de Nice where they spent three seasons until 2018. They then signed for Cosaires de Nantes and played two seasons there before joining Sangliers Arvernes de Clermont on July 7, 2020.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Les Aigles de Nice players
HC '05 Banská Bystrica players
HC Havířov players
HK Nitra players
People from Spišská Nová Ves
ŠHK 37 Piešťany players
Slovak ice hockey forwards
HK Spišská Nová Ves players
HC Vítkovice players
Teresa Solana i Mir (born 15 May 1962 in Barcelona, Spain) is a contemporary Spanish writer of crime fiction in Catalan. They studied philosophy and the Classics at Universitat de Barcelona. Them work has been translated to English, French, German, Esperanto, Italian and Spanish.
Teresa Solana started their professional career as a translator, mainly from French and English. They were the director of the translation center in Tarassona between 1998 and 2004. They also wrote various articles and essays on translation.
In 2006 they published their first novel, Un crim imperfecte, for which they received the Premi Brigada 21 prize. This is the first story in which there appear the twin investigators Eduard and Borja Masdéu. Afterwards they published Drecera al paradís with the same protagonists. In 2010 they published their first, and up to now only, short story collection, Set casos de sang i fetge i una història d'amor. In 2013 they participated in the Edgar Allan Poe Award with the story 'Natura quasi morta 41'. They also published the novel Negres tempestes in which for the first time stars the investigator Norma Forester and with which they won the 3rd Premi Crims de Tinta prize. In 2011 they published L'hora del zen, another story with Eduard and Borja as protagonists. In early 2014 there appeared their seventh novel, La casa de les papallones, protagonized by Norma Forester. Campanes de boda (2016) includes the twin investigators again. Matèria grisa, also a crime novel, won the 19th Premi Roc Boronat prize.
Bibliography
"Un crim imperfecte", 2006.
"Drecera al paradís", 2007.
"Set casos de sang i fetge i una història d'amor", 2010.
"Negres tempestes", 2010.
"L'hora zen", 2011.
"La casa de les papallones", 2014.
"Campanades de boda", 2016.
"Matèria grisa", 2017.
Translated into English
A Not So Perfect Crime, 2008. London: Bitter Lemon Press. Translated by Peter Bush.
A Shortcut to Paradise, 2011. London: Bitter Lemon Press. Translated by Peter Bush.
The Sound of One Hand Killing, 2013. London: Bitter Lemon Press. Translated by Peter Bush.
Crazy Tales of Blood and Guts, 2013. London: Bitter Lemon Press. Translated by Peter Bush.
The First Prehistoric Serial Killer, 2018. London: Bitter Lemon Press. Translated by Peter Bush.
References
Catalan-language writers
English–Catalan translators
Translators from Catalonia
Spanish women novelists
Novelists from Catalonia
Short story writers from Catalonia
Writers from Barcelona
1962 births
Living people
21st-century Spanish novelists
Women writers from Catalonia
21st-century Spanish women writers
21st-century translators
Renegade X is a tactical first and third-person shooter video game with real time strategy elements created by Totem Arts. It is a free, fan-made remake of Command & Conquer: Renegade, which itself was a spin-off of the strategy series Command & Conquer published by Westwood Studios and later by Electronic Arts (EA). The developers entered open beta on February 26, 2014.
Gameplay
Renegade X is a tactical shooter with realtime strategy elements. It boasts 64-player servers spread across two unique factions, the Global Defense Initiative and the Brotherhood of Nod, each with a different roster containing dozens of infantry classes with customizable equipment and 15 vehicles. Players can change class or order vehicles using credits, which are earned in a variety of ways. The aim is to destroy the opposing team's base while protecting your own, with each structure in the base having a specific purpose the loss of which detrimentally affects the owning team.
Development
Totem Arts was formed by Bilal Haj-Bakri and Waqas Iqbal as a volunteer team in 2006 with the aim of remaking Command & Conquer: Renegade as a mod for Unreal Tournament 3. The mod was released in 2009 and received multiple awards. In 2010, Totem Arts decided to make a full standalone version and released a single-player mini-campaign called Operation Black Dawn in January 2012.
Reception
Renegade X has won six awards across its development lifetime, including "#2 Best Vehicle Set" for the Making Something Unreal Contest, "#3 Best Upcoming Mod" for Mod of the Year 2008, "#4 Best Machinima" and "#2 Best Multiplayer" for Mod of the Year 2009. Despite legal concerns from the community, Totem Arts has received support and encouragement from EA Games as well as former Westwood studio developers, and reviews have hailed it as containing "all the high-quality action and entertainment values from a AAA big-budget title".
In 2014 Renegade X was named by PC Gamer among the "Ten top fan remade classics you can play for free right now".
References
External links
2014 video games
Command & Conquer
First-person shooter multiplayer online games
Unreal Engine games
Video games developed in Canada
Windows games
Windows-only games
The men's 100m freestyle events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12 and 18 June.
Medalists
Results
S3
Heats
11 swimmers from 7 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 18 June 2022.
S4
Final
Eight swimmers from eight nations took part
S5
Heats
13 swimmers from 10 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
S6
Heats
11 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 13 June 2022.
S7
Final
The final was held on 18 June 2022.
S8
Heats
15 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 15 June 2022.
S9
Heats
12 swimmers from 9 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 15 June 2022.
S10
Heats
10 swimmers from 10 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 17 June 2022.
S11
Heats
13 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 16 June 2022.
S12
Final
Five swimmers from four nations took part
S13
Heats
14 swimmers from 9 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 14 June 2022.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
VIK Televizija or Vlasenički informativni kanal was a local Bosnian public cable television channel based in Vlasenica municipality. It was founded in 2005 and it was closed in 2013.
References
External links
Website of CRA BiH
Official website of Vlasenica municipality
2005 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 2005
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2013
All Saints' Church is a Catholic church located in Borella, Colombo, Sri Lanka. It is administered by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo and belongs to the Borella parish.
History
The beginnings of the church date back to 1884, when Wyndham Thompson, wife of the Superintendent of the Convict Establishment (Welikada Prisons) and an enthusiastic Irish Catholic lady, met the Governor and reserved 2 acres from the 20 acres allocated to the Campbell park to build a church. This church was dedicated to All Saints and the foundation for the current church was laid on 24 August 1935.
Interior
The interior of the church is very colorful with stained glass windows with the main window above the altar depicting Mother of Perpetual Help. The church also features a carillon made up of 25 bells cast in West Germany with each bell having a name of a saint. The church has a balcony for the choir.
Notable people
Fr. John Herath (Parish Priest, 1948-1977)
References
Gothic Revival church buildings in Sri Lanka
Roman Catholic churches in Sri Lanka
Churches in Colombo
Joy Deep as Sorrow is Bob Bennett's ninth solo album; their second self-released solo album.
For this release, Bob Bennett raised $15,000 through kickstarter.com to fund the recording and production of the CD.
Track listing
All songs written by Bob Bennett, except where noted as "(words / music)".
"Joy Deep as Sorrow" - (4:45)
"Birth of a Song" (Steve Bell) - (4:47)
"Faithful" - (4:04)
"Playing the Part of Me" - (2:48)
"Two or More" - (4:43)
"Strange Joy" - (4:26)
"Broken Beauty" (John Buller/Bob Bennett) - (4:03)
"You Went Ahead" - (3:59)
"Panhandled at the Western Wall" - (4:31)
"God My Shepherd" - (3:39)
"A Moveable Feast" - (4:05)
Personnel
Bob Bennett – acoustic guitar, electric guitar (5), vocals, composer
Roy Salmond – producer, recording, accordion (9), basses (except 4/9), drums (11) electric guitars (except 4/6), keyboards (except 4/9), percussion, piano, programming, psalter (6), pump organ (10).
Bill Batstone - upright bass (4), fretless bass (9)
Gayle Salmond - vocal (3)
Janaya Salmond - drums (except 11)
Mike Janzen - rhodes (4/9/)
Bob Somma - electric guitar (4/9)
Release history
Joy Deep as Sorrow was released by Bob Bennett on December 14, 2012.
References
Bob Bennett (singer-songwriter) albums
The 1990–91 Frauen-Bundesliga was the first season of the Frauen-Bundesliga, the premier women's association football league in Germany after the previous seventeen years saw the league be competed in a single-elimination tournament. Twenty teams competed in two separate groups of ten with the top two teams from each group qualifying through to the final.
In the final, it was TSV Siegen who claimed the first Frauen-Bundesliga as they defeated FSV Frankfurt 4-2 in the final.
Northern conference
Final standings
Results
Southern conference
Final standings
Results
Semi-finals
Final
Top scorers
Qualification
Group North
Group South 1
Group South 2
References
1990-91
Ger
1
Women
Ateş Çınar (; born May 16, 1986) is a Turkish yacht racer competing in the 470 class. The tall athlete at is a member of Galatasaray Sport Club], where they are coached by Edo Fantela. They studied at Dokuz Eylül University. Their brother Deniz is also a national sailor.
They became Turkish champion in the Laser 4.7 class at the Turkish Sailing Championships in 2002 and 2003, and won the 2002 Turkish Sailing Foundation Trophy in the same class. They gained the silver medal at the Laser 4.7 World Championships held off Çeşme, Turkey.
Ateş Çınar represented their country in the 470 class event at the 2008 Summer Olympics along with their brother Deniz Çınar. Both qualified again for participation at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where Deniz was the skipper.
Achievements
References
1986 births
Sportspeople from İzmir
Turkish male sailors (sport)
Living people
Olympic sailors of Turkey
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – 470
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – 470
Dokuz Eylül University alumni
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – 470
Extreme Sailing Series sailors
Sailors at the 2020 Summer Olympics – 470
The Mint is an Australian phone-in quiz show based on the British program of the same name, and broadcast on the Nine Network in selected areas in the late night time slot (post-midnight).
The show was filmed live at Nine's GTV Richmond studios in Melbourne. It replaced Quizmania and was produced entirely by the Nine Network, unlike Quizmania which was produced by FremantleMedia Australia. Like Quizmania, the program received its revenue from phone charges rather than advertisements.
Only contestants aged 18 or over were allowed to participate. Each entry cost a flat 55c charge to a premium-rate 1902 number when calling from a landline.
On 18 March 2008, it was announced that The Mint would be axed. The final episode aired on 29 March 2008.
Program history
The Mint began on 31 July 2007 after the 2007 Big Brother series on Network Ten had ended, with its UpLate late-night show a similar phone-in quiz show.
The Mint was broadcast live on Nine Network stations GTV, TCN and QTQ, and affiliates TVT and NBN. The Mint was seen tape-delayed on NTD in the Northern Territory, with NTD relaying the complete TCN broadcast with Sydney ads, accompanied by a disclaimer stating that "The Mint is not telecast live in the Northern Territory. Northern Territory residents are not able to participate live." This is unlike Quizmania, in which that series was broadcast live in all regions where it was broadcast, including NTD.
Regional affiliate WIN Television commenced broadcast of the programme on 1 October 2007, but axed it in February 2008 stating "WIN merely wants to provide entertainment to its viewers and in doing so removed The Mint."
The Mint was filmed on a large, extravagant set designed to look like the inside of a mansion. The programme was dogged by criticism that its questions were ambiguous and arbitrary.
Hosting
The Mint was hosted by Australian Idol 2003 contestant Rob Mills, Natalie Garonzi, Angela Johnson, Lyall Brooks, Lucy Holmes and former Quizmania host Katrina Conder. Former Hosts were Cherie Hausler and Nathaniel Buzolic.
Despite there being six hosts, only two were present on the show on any night; the remainder are said to be sleeping in "the Mansion", their name for the studio set which was also used for the short-lived show Commercial Breakdown. The host combination often consisted of one male and one female, performing as a double act, but has also been known to consist of two females. While there were two hosts in an episode, hosts mainly appeared on camera by themselves. The exceptions were during the start of the show, when a prize is won, and at the end of the show. Otherwise, the hosts presented from different rooms within "the mansion".
Games
The namesake of "The Mint" comes from the large vault visible on set. The vault holds a jackpot. Those who correctly guess a three digit combination wins a share of the cash jackpot. There is a 1 in 1000 chance of guessing the code correctly. The prize money in the vault increases each Monday night, however the jackpot was known to be capped at $10,000. Only winners of selected on-screen games are eligible for a single guess at the combination.
In similar style to its British equivalent, cash prizes offered on The Mint are bigger than those previously offered on Quizmania. However, prize winners are less frequent whereas Quizmania had more contestants winning prizes as low as $50.
Examples of on-screen games viewers can call in to solve include:
Criss Cross
This game involves filling in one letter in each of four words to form a new word, in the style of a crossword. While there are multiple solutions for each puzzle, there is only one pre-selected solution that will win the contestant money.
Quizzle
This game presents three sentences on screen, all of which begin with "The number of...". To win the money, the contestant must correctly add the numbers that are in the puzzle. Prize money for this puzzle varies depending on difficulty.
Word Search
This game involves users trying to find one of the "hot words" in a word search. There are usually six hot words in a grid, each worth approximately $500. This is different from Quizmania in that each word found was worth $50, however much easier to identify and win.
Tower Game
This game involved players guessing words that are on a tower. Each word is worth an amount of money (between $50 and $500).
Code Red
This quiz, called "Code Red" by the hosts, was on the 2 August 2007 episode of The Mint. Viewers were told to find and call-in to tell the host "how many reds" are in the puzzle, with little else to explain how to solve it.
The prize money for this puzzle started at $1000, rising to $2000 within the first ten minutes then a high of $2500 within the next ten minutes, before reverting to $1000 at 167 minutes into the show with 14 minutes left.
Despite the show lasting three hours with numerous contestants calling to offer guesses, no-one gave a correct answer and therefore no prize money was awarded at all for the entire night. At the end of the show they revealed the answer is 80. The answer of 80 can be derived by counting the number of times the word "red" appears (including across spaces and backwards – 9) and the number of characters (including punctuation) in red (71).
How many Fives?
Another game, called "How many Fives?", consisted of a square grid puzzle on the screen, with each grid square filled with a letter E, V, I, F or the number 5 in a seemingly random fashion. Viewers were told to count "how many fives" were in the puzzle, again with little else to explain how to solve it.
An obvious way for contestants to participate was to count instances of the word F-I-V-E in adjoining squares. Contestants could also have counted the 5 numerals, and potentially even the V letters as Roman numerals, however this was not explained.
Beer Monster
A more recent game (called Beer Monster by the hosts) involves counting the number of litres that you can see in the on-screen puzzle diagram. Several containers of beer are displayed, together with the amount of beer they can contain. Some containers are partially obscured. The following game was broadcast on the 24 October 2007 episode of The Mint, with a $4000 cash prize offered throughout the 3 hour broadcast:
How many litres?
Beer (27 litres, in a barrel)
Stout (50 litres, in a barrel)
Pilsener (4 litres, in a jug)
Pilsener (4 litres, in a jug) [only the letters 'Pilse' and 'lit' visible]
Pale Ale (1 litre, in a can) [visible]
Pale Ale (1 litre, in a can) [visible]
Pale Ale (1 litre, in a can) [totally hidden except for lid]
Pale Ale (1 litre, in a can) [totally hidden except for lid]
Pale Ale (1 litre, in a can) [totally hidden except for lid]
Pale Ale (1 litre, in a can) [totally hidden except for lid]
After no correct answer was given by viewers, the correct answer was revealed to be 292.
Another example of the Beer Monster puzzle (including screenshot) can be viewed at http://community.livejournal.com/tv_australia/1127087.html
Other variations of this game include counting cents on price tags, and counting numbers (both words and letters)
Technical difficulties
On 16 August 2007 the show finished prematurely after the phone lines went down, requiring hosts Mills and Garonzi to stall the contest and fill-in for 30 minutes. As they could not get the phone lines back up in time, the last 30 minutes of the show's schedule was replaced by a repeat of Keynotes, a short lived game show that aired on Nine in the summer of 1992.
The phone system used for The Mint is run by Be.interactive, formerly known as Legion Interactive – the same provider used for most Australian shows with a telephone call-in or SMS competition entry method, including Quizmania and Big Brother.
On 24 October 2007 the show started without a game to display, as the phone lines were 'down' again.
Caller Selection
Callers are selected randomly by a computer and at random times throughout the episode, including commercials. Should a caller be selected during a commercial break, the answer is taken immediately following the conclusion of the break.
Terms and Conditions
As The Mint is a competition based game show it is run according to a set of terms and conditions. For example, section 38 under the general clause claims that the promoter nor producer is not obliged to provide methods of solution other than information provided by the presenter and any such information is released at the promoter or producer's absolute discretion.
See also
The Mint Extra
References
External links
The Mint
The Mint Myspace
2007 Australian television series debuts
2008 Australian television series endings
2000s Australian game shows
English-language television shows
Nine Network original programming
Phone-in quiz shows
Television shows set in Melbourne
United Nations Security Council Resolution 76, adopted on October 5, 1949, after receiving a cablegram from the Consular Commission at Batavia to the President of the Security Council requesting that the United Nations assume future costs of military observers in Indonesia the Council transmitted the message to the Secretary-General.
The resolution was adopted by nine votes to one (Ukrainian SSR) and one abstention from the Soviet Union.
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 (1946–1953)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0076
Indonesian National Revolution
0076
0076
1949 in Indonesia
October 1949 events
Abaeté Futebol Clube, commonly known as Abaeté, is a Brazilian football club based in Abaetetuba, Pará state. They competed in the Série C once.
History
The club was founded on March 5, 1936. They won the Campeonato Paraense Second Level in 2004. Abaeté competed in the Série C in 2005, when they were eliminated in the Third Stage by fellow Pará state club Remo.
Achievements
Campeonato Paraense Second Level:
Winners (1): 2004
Stadium
Abaeté Futebol Clube play their home games at Estádio Humberto Parente. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,100 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1936
Football clubs in Pará
1936 establishments in Brazil
Abaetetuba
Sarah E. Romans FRANZCP is a New Zealand academic psychiatrist and Emerita Professor at the University of Otago.
Academic career
Romans holds a Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery and Doctor of Medicine from the University of Otago. They moved to the University of Toronto where they researched gender differences and depression. They returned to the University of Otago and was appointed a full professor, effective 1 February 2011. As of 2020 they are Professor Emerita at the University of Otago and also conducts a private psychiatric practice for adults.
Selected works
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand psychiatrists
New Zealand women academics
University of Otago faculty
Chad Hanna is a 1940 American drama romance film directed by Henry King, and was adapted from a bestseller of sorts that was published that same year. The novel was written by Walter Dumaux Edmonds (after it had first been published in serial form in the Saturday Evening Post under the title "Red Wheels Rolling"). It stars Henry Fonda, Linda Darnell and Dorothy Lamour.
Plot
In the 1840s, Chad Hanna (Fonda), a New York country boy working along the canal in Canastota, New York, joins a travelling circus. They fall in love with beautiful bareback rider Albany Yates (Lamour), but they spurn him. Chad then finds themselves attracted to another runaway, country girl Caroline Tridd (Darnell).
Though everybody assumes that the boy is slow on the uptake, Chad manages to save the circus from financial ruin.
Cast
Henry Fonda as Chad Hanna
Dorothy Lamour as Albany Yates
Linda Darnell as Caroline
Guy Kibbee as Huguenine
Jane Darwell as Mrs. Huguenine
John Carradine as B.D. Bisbee
Ted North as Fred Shepley
Roscoe Ates as Ike Wayfish
Ben Carter as Bell Boy
Frank M. Thomas as Burke (as Frank Thomas)
Olin Howland as Cisco Tridd
Frank Conlan as Mr. Proudfoot
Eddie Conrad as Fiero (as Edward Conrad)
Edward McWade as Elias
Edward Mundy as Joe Duddy
George Davis as Pete Bostock
Paul E. Burns as Budlong (as Paul Burns)
Sarah Padden as Mrs. Tridd
Leonard St. Leo as Mr. Pamplon (as Leonard St. Leo)
Elizabeth Abbott as Mrs. Pamplon
Tully Marshall as Mr. Mott
Almira Sessions as Mrs. Mott
Virginia Brissac as Landlady
Si Jenks as Farmer
Victor Kilian as Potato Man
Louis Mason as Constable
Charles Middleton as Sheriff
References
External links
1940 films
1940 drama films
20th Century Fox films
American drama films
Circus films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Henry King
Films scored by David Buttolph
Films set in New York (state)
Films set in the 1840s
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
In optics, jitter is used to refer to motion that has high temporal frequency relative to the integration/exposure time. This may result from vibration in an assembly or from the unstable hand of a photographer. Jitter is typically differentiated from smear, which has a lower frequency relative to the integration time. Whereas smear refers to a relatively constant rate during the integration/exposure time, jitter refers to a relatively sinusoidal motion during the integration/exposure time.
The equation for the optical Modulation transfer function associated with jitter is
where k is the spatial frequency and is the amplitude of the jitter. Note that this frequency is in radians of phase per cycle. The equivalent expression in Hz is
where u is the spatial frequency and is again the amplitude of the jitter (note that as the jitter approaches infinity, the value of the function tends towards zero).
For spacecraft, operation in a vacuum often means low mechanical damping. Meanwhile, spacecraft are compact and rigid, to withstand high launch loads. Jitter, then, is transmitted easily and often a limiting factor for high-resolution optics.
References
Science of photography
Baltica is an international folklore festival, which every year takes place in a different Baltic state. The festival takes place under the auspices of International Council of Organizations of Folklore Festivals and Folk Arts (CIOFF).
First festival took place in 1987. In 1990, the festival didn't take place.
If the festival took place in Estonia, the main organizer is Estonian Folklore Council.
References
External links
Folk festivals
Baltic states
The Aberdare, Merthyr and Dowlais Miners' Association was a trade union representing coal miners in part of Glamorgan in South Wales.
An Aberdare District of the Amalgamated Association of Miners (AAM) grew rapidly in the early 1870s. By April 1871 there were 3,000 members in and around Aberdare, 1,300 at nine lodges in Mountain Ash further down the valley and a further 1,000 in Merthyr. Tow months later the combined membership in the Aberdare and neighbouring Rhondda valleys had reached 9,000. In February 1872 Thomas Halliday and Alexander Macdonald addressed a mass meeting at the Temperance Hall, Aberdare.
By 1873 the Aberdare District alone claimed 9,600 members. It survived the collapse of the AAM, affiliating for a short period instead to the Miners' National Union (MNU), but it dissolved before the end of the decade.
In 1879, a meeting at the Bute Arms in Aberdare established a new union, which initially represented about 4,000 miners, with David Morgan initially acting as chairperson, then from 1882 becoming its full-time agent. In about 1881, a Merthyr and Dowlais District of the MNU was created, and these merged in 1884, forming what soon became known as the "Aberdare, Merthyr and Dowlais Miners' Association". Its membership stood at around 8000 by 1885 but this was said to include only around 40% of the mining workforce in the area. Constant bickering between miners' leaders was regarded as a major obstacle to unity.
Its membership stood at 7,000 members in 1892, but nearly collapsed in unsuccessful Welsh coal strike of 1898, membership falling to just 500.
Following the strike, the South Wales Miners' Federation (SWMF) was established, and it was decided to dissolve the union, instead establishing three districts of the SWMF, one each for Aberdare, Merthyr, and Dowlais.
General Secretaries
1879: Joseph Price
c.1880: John Lewis
1889: John Thomas
1892: David Parker
References
Sources
Trade unions established in 1879
Trade unions disestablished in the 1890s
Defunct trade unions of the United Kingdom
Mining trade unions
Coal mining in Wales
Trade unions in Wales
The 180 mm gun S-23 () was a Soviet heavy gun of Cold War era. It was developed in the early 1950s, with the design based on naval guns. Its first public appearance was the 1955 May Day parade in Moscow. For some time, it was believed in the West that the S-23 was actually a 203mm weapon, and as a result it was often referred to as the 203 mm M1955 gun howitzer. However, after an example was captured in the Middle East during the 1970s this misconception was dispelled.
Design history
The S-23 was designed by NII-58 as part of a new series of heavy artillery systems consisting of the following types:
the 180 mm gun S-23;
a 210 mm howitzer S-23-I a.k.a. S-33;
a 280 mm mortar S-23-II a.k.a. S-43 and
a 203 mm gun howitzer S-23-IV.
All were to be based on the same carriage. The order to start series production was given but after the production of seven S-23s (GRAU index: 52-P-572), one S-33 and one S-43 by PO "Barrikady" in 1955 the project was cancelled. The seven guns remained in service until 1967 and were regularly shown during the annual May Day parades, being towed by AT-T artillery tractors. At the request of Syria, who needed a large-calibre gun system, the project was shortly revived at the end of the 1960s and twelve more S-23 guns were produced in 1971, as well as the new VOF28 round with RAP projectile OF43. The other rounds were the VF-572 with They projectile F-572 and the VG-572 with concrete-piercing projectile G-572.
Operational history
The West assumed that the S-23 was issued within the Soviet Army at a ratio of 12 weapons per heavy artillery brigade. It was exported to Syria and some sources suggest that it might have been exported to other Middle Eastern countries such as Egypt and Iraq, and likely the Indian Army. The howitzer is believed to be seeing use by the Syrian Army in the Syrian Civil War.
Yom Kippur War
180mm S-23 guns were deployed to forward positions as part of the Syrian Army's General Staff reserve during the Yom Kippur War. In the opening day of the war, they shelled Mount Canaan, an intelligence base near Safed, and Mahanayim airfield. This early shelling succeeded in disrupting Israeli intelligence installations and communications.
Lebanese Civil War
During the Lebanese Civil War, Syrian Army 180mm guns and 240mm mortars shelled East Beirut in 1989 as part of an offensive to dislodge Christian faction leader Michel Aoun, inflicting over 900 casualties.
Operators
Current operators
(36 originally in one heavy artillery brigade; source claim 10-20 remaining)
Former operators
- Passed on to successor states.
Photo gallery
References
Sources
Shirokograd A.B. (2000). Entsiklopediya otechestvennoj artillerii. Harvest.
External links
S-23 at Mega.km.ru
S-23 series at RussianArms.ru
Artillery of the Soviet Union
180 mm artillery
Military equipment introduced in the 1950s
Pterostylis insectifera, commonly known as the insect-lipped rufous greenhood, or leaden rustyhood is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. Both flowering and non-flowering plants have a relatively large rosette of leaves. Flowering plants have a similar rosette and up to eight or more flowers which have long, stiffly-held lateral sepals and a protruding, insect-like labellum.
Description
Pterostylis insectifera is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a rosette of between five and twelve leaves. The leaves are long and wide. Flowering plants have a rosette at the base of the flowering stem but the leaves are usually withered by flowering time. Between two and eight or more translucent white, green and dark brown flowers long and wide are borne on a flowering spike tall. The dorsal sepal and petals form a hood or "galea" over the column with the dorsal sepal having a narrow tip long. The lateral sepals turn downwards, towards the ovary and are stiffly-held and narrower than the galea. They suddenly taper to narrow tips long which turn forward and are roughly parallel to each other. The labellum is fleshy, dark brown and insect-like, long, about wide and has an enlarged "head" end with short bristles and a "body" with eight to twelve longer hairs. Flowering occurs from September to November.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis insectifera was first formally described in 1989 by Mark Clements from a specimen they cultured in the Australian National Botanic Gardens in 1980. The original material was collected by Clements, east of Hyden and the description was published in Australian Orchid Research. The specific epithet (insectifera) is derived from the Latin insectiferum meaning 'insect bearing', referring to the insect-like labellum.
Distribution and habitat
The insect-lipped rufous greenhood grows in woodland and shrubland, sometimes on granite outcrops between Karroun Hill, Ravensthorpe and Norseman in the Avon Wheatbelt, Coolgardie, Esperance Plains and Mallee biogeographic regions.
Conservation
Pterostylis insectifera is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.
References
insectifera
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Western Australia
Plants described in 1989
Mucha (), more commonly known as Muzha (), is a short form of Pratimokṣa in Chinese () and also a given name.
Muzha as a Historical Figure
Mucha was a historical figure in Han Buddhism during the era of Tang Empire and they were an apprentice of , along with Hui-an and Hui-yen.
As Master Sangha was seen as an avatar of Avalokiteśvara (Kuan Yin), Mucha was later fictionalized as Kuan Yin's apprentice in the Zajü Journey to the West during the Great Yuan period. Afterwards, they were further blend with Hui-an as "Mucha Hui-an" () in the Chinese classic novel Journey to the West during the Great Ming period.
Muzha as a Fictional Character
Journey to the West
In Journey to the West, Muzha became a disciple of Guanyin in the heavenly court, with the legal name Hui An. When they were ordered to conquer sand demon, and later Sun Wukong lost to the Red Boy, Hui An borrowed 36 Tian Gang swords from their father Li Jing to help the Guanyin Bodhisattva conquer the Red Boy, making them a good boy under the Guanyin.
Fengshen Yanyi
In the classic Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi, Muzha is the second son of Li Jing and Lady Yin. In appearance, Muzha is seen wearing a small top knot, a silk sash, linen shoes, and a cotton like garment. Thus, Muzha was seen as a celestial being — such as that of a superiorman — in appearance.
For many years, Muzha had left their father, Li Jing, to study under Superiorman Universal Converter of White Egret Cave. Following the rebirth of Nezha, and the near death of Li Jing, Li Jing would run into Muzha — as to save their lives. Muzha would react with great anger towards Nezha and would soon battle it out with their renowned long sword against the fire-tipped spear. Soon enough during their fierce duel, Li Jing would try to make another escape; this was the point in which Muzha would be defeated by Nezha's golden brick — which thrust them to the ground due to its great weight. Following this point, Muzha would later present themselves before Li Resounding, one of four superiormen of Nine Dragon Island. Muzha chose to immediately kill Li Resounding at the first sign of defiance towards their words. Muzha would remain as a celestial protector of the Western Foothills with Nezha and Jinzha following this point.
Footnotes
References
Tang dynasty Buddhist monks
Investiture of the Gods characters
Journey to the West characters
The arpeggione is a six-stringed musical instrument fretted and tuned like a guitar, but with a curved bridge so it can be bowed like a cello, and thus similar to the bass viola da gamba. The instrument is sometimes also called a guitar violoncello.<ref name="arpeggione">{{Cite web|url=http://www.oxfordmusiconline.com/subscriber/article/grove/music/01328.|title=arpeggione|last=|first=|date=|website=oxford music online|publisher=|access-date=15 September 2016}}</ref> The body shape of the arpeggione is, however, more similar to a medieval fiddle than either the guitar or the bass viol. It is essentially a bass viol with a guitar-type tuning, E–A–d–g–b–e' . The arpeggione is especially suited to playing runs in thirds, double stops, and arpeggios.
It enjoyed a brief period of popularity for perhaps a decade after its invention around 1823, by the Viennese instrument luthiers Johann Georg Stauffer and Peter Teufelsdorfer. The only notable extant piece for the arpeggione is a sonata with piano accompaniment by Franz Schubert, D.821, not published until 1871, when the instrument was long out of vogue. This sonata is now commonly played on the cello or viola, and many other instruments have received transcriptions as well.
In the 21st century, a revival of interest in the arpeggione has led to the composition of a number of new works either for the instrument alone or within an ensemble.
Composers who have written the largest number of works include the American Dov Joshua Rosenschein, France's Grégory Guéant, and René Mogensen from Denmark.
Contemporary designs of viol-like instruments have similarities to the arpeggione, and at least one (the GuitarViol) was directly influenced by Stauffer's arpeggione.
References
Aquino, F. Avellar de. "Six-Stringed Virtuoso". The Strad Magazine, Harrow, Middlesex, UK, v. 109, n. 1297, p. 500–507, May 1998. About the arpeggione and Schubert's Sonata.
Geiringer, Karl. "Schubert's Arpeggione Sonata and the 'Super Arpeggione'." "Musical Quarterly", 65, no. 4 (Oct. 1979), pp. 513–523.
Sadie, Stanley, ed., The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, vol. 16, 6th. ed., London: Macmillan Press Limited, 1980. s.v. "Schubert, Franz" by Maurice J. E. Brown.
Schuster, Vincenz. "Anleitung zur Erlernung des . . . neu erfundenen Guitarre-Violoncells". Vienna: Diabelli.
Tree, Michael, "Schubert's Arpeggione Sonata". The Strad Magazine'', vol. 105, February 1994, p. 142. Master-Class on Schubert's Sonata.
External links
Nicolas Deletaille's webpage on the arpeggione, a lot of useful information on the arpeggione. (The last fairly trouble-free archive version of this page is at Archive of Nicolas Deletaille's webpage on the arpeggione.)
Homepage of the "Arpeggione World". Osamu Okumura, Japanese has restored OK-model and Anton Mitteisーmodel of Arpeggione making by himself.
Photo
Guitar family instruments
Bowed string instruments
Chamber music
Cambridge Christian School is a private preschool and K–12 Christian school in Cambridge, Minnesota.
References
External links
Christian schools in Minnesota
Private elementary schools in Minnesota
Private high schools in Minnesota
Private middle schools in Minnesota
Schools in Isanti County, Minnesota
Cambridge, Minnesota
The Minnesota Northwestern Electric Railway was an interurban gasoline-electric railway which operated passenger and freight service between Thief River Falls, Minnesota and Goodridge, Minnesota, operating from 1914 to 1940. The railway also served Silverton Township and Mavie. There were several other stops along the way. The original plan was to extend the line all the way to International Falls, Minnesota, however due to poor finances, the line never extended beyond Goodridge.
The line was acquired by the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railway ("Soo Line") in 1915, and then leased back to the original management. The railway continued to operate with its only piece of motive power – a General Electric gas-electric interurban car numbered 101 until it ceased operation on March 15, 1940.
The tracks were removed and now the grade is used as the Wapiti Trail which is a snowmobile trail connecting Thief River Falls, Goodridge, and Fourtown.
Footnotes
References
External links
Postcard at Pennington County Historical Society
Depot in Goodridge
Predecessors of the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie Railroad
Railway companies established in 1914
Railway companies disestablished in 1940
Defunct Minnesota railroads
Pennington County, Minnesota
Interurban railways in Minnesota
1914 establishments in Minnesota
1940 disestablishments in Minnesota
Land of Pleasure is the second studio album by Australian rock band Sticky Fingers, released through Sureshaker in August 2014. Land of Pleasure debuted at number 3 on the ARIA Charts.
Reception
Shane Arnold from Music Feeds said the album was "Slicker and more cohesive than Caress Your Soul" and called the album "a simply delicious mix of rock, reggae and electronica". Ben Madden from Project U called the album "excellent" saying "All the songs on this album belong, and while not being as fluid as Caress Your Soul, it surpasses the asupervisorstioned album in terms of sheer musical quality. Each track screams for attention, and even the laidback tracks such as 'Feast Your Eyes' pack a little more punch than the relaxed tracks on the debut".
Arne Sjostedt from Sydney Morning Herald gave the album 4/5 saying "There are some very satisfying grooves on this album. Playing a mix of sounds that settle around dub reggae, a little psychedelia and hints at electro, these lads show up to the party."
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2014 albums
Sticky Fingers (band) albums
Under the terms of the Constitution of Belarus, the next Belarusian presidential election is to be held in 2025. The president is elected directly to serve a five-year term.
Mass protests erupted following the disputed outcome of the 2020 election in which incumbent Alexander Lukashenko claimed victory. Opposition candidate Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya subsequently claimed to have received between 60 and 70% of the vote and asked the international community to recognise them as the winner of the election.
On 17 August 2020, Lukashenko stated that the next presidential election could be held earlier than 2025 if a new constitution were to be adopted. Opposition candidate Tsikhanouskaya stated that they were ready to lead a transitional government and to hold early elections under international supervision. Lukashenko also said that they will resign if a new constitution is adopted.
Opinion polls
References
Presidential elections in Belarus
Belarus
Plas Llanfair is an area in the community of Llanfair Pwllgwyngyll, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 127.6 miles (205.4 km) from Cardiff and 208.5 miles (335.5 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Polk County is located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 492,401. It is Iowa's most populous county, and home to over 15% of the state's residents. The county seat is Des Moines, which is also the capital city of Iowa. Polk County is included in the Des Moines–West Des Moines, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
On January 13, 1846, the legislative body of the Iowa Territory authorized the creation of twelve counties in the Territory, with general descriptions of their boundaries. On January 17 they further enacted a resolution setting the effective date of the county government for Jasper and Polk Counties as March 1, 1846. Polk County's name referred to United States President James K. Polk, who served from 1845 to 1849.
The first courthouse, a two-story structure, was built in Des Moines in 1846. Rapid settlement and commercial growth in the county soon rendered this building insufficient, so construction of a larger building was initiated in 1858. Due to construction delays and the onset of the Civil War, the structure was not completed until 1866. The present courthouse was erected in 1906, and in 1962 it was extensively renovated and enlarged.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.0%) is water. The county is bisected by the Des Moines River.
Major highways
Interstate 35
Interstate 80
Interstate 235
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 65
U.S Route 69
Iowa Highway 5
Iowa Highway 17
Iowa Highway 28
Iowa Highway 141
Iowa Highway 160
Iowa Highway 163
Iowa Highway 415
Adjacent counties
Boone – northwest
Dallas – west
Jasper – east
Madison - southwest
Marion – southeast
Story – north
Warren – south
Communities
Cities
Alleman
Altoona
Ankeny
Bondurant
Carlisle
Clive
Des Moines
Elkhart
Granger
Grimes
Johnston
Mitchellville
Norwalk
Pleasant Hill
Polk City
Runnells
Sheldahl
Urbandale
West Des Moines
Windsor Heights
Census-designated place
Saylorville
Unincorporated communities
Avon
Berwick
Enterprise
Farrar
Herrold
Townships
Allen
Beaver
Bloomfield
Camp
Clay
Crocker
Delaware
Des Moines
Douglas
Elkhart
Four Mile
Franklin
Jefferson
Lee
Lincoln
Madison
Saylor
Union
Walnut
Washington
Webster
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 492,401 in the county, with a population density of . 92.55% of the population reported being of one race. 66.18% were non-Hispanic White, 7.23% were Black, 9.76% were Hispanic, 0.46% were Native American, 4.98% were Asian, 0.06% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 11.33% were some other race or more than one race. There were 210,184 housing units, of which 196,891 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 430,640 in the county, with a population density of . There were 182,262 housing units, of which 170,197 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 374,601 people, 149,112 households, and 96,624 families in the county. The population density was . There were 156,447 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.34% White, 4.84% Black or African American, 0.27% Native American, 2.63% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 2.22% from other races, and 1.66% from two or more races. 4.40% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 25.9% were of German, 10.6% Irish, 9.0% English and 8.4% American ancestry.
Of the 149,112 households 32.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.00% were married couples living together, 10.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.20% were non-families. 28.10% of households were one person and 8.60% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.04.
Age spread: 25.70% under the age of 18, 9.40% from 18 to 24, 32.20% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 11.10% 65 or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.70 males.
The median household income was $46,116 and the median family income was $56,560. Males had a median income of $37,182 versus $28,000 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,654. About 5.30% of families and 7.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.70% of those under age 18 and 6.40% of those age 65 or over.
Government and infrastructure
The Iowa Department of Corrections Iowa Correctional Institution for Women is in Mitchellville and in Polk County.
In the first third of the 20th century, Polk County was primarily Republican, backing its candidates in all presidential elections from 1896 to 1932 except for 1912 & 1916. From 1936 to 1980, the county was a swing county, only failing to back the national winner during that period in 1960 & 1968. Starting with the 1984 election, the county has become consistently Democratic like many midsize urban counties, backing the party's candidate in every presidential election from that point forward. Following national trends, suburbs of Des Moines such as Urbandale and Ankeny have changed from Republican strongholds into moderate or slightly progressive areas.
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Polk County.
† county seat
Education
School districts include:
Ankeny Community School District
Ballard Community School District
Bondurant-Farrar Community School District
Carlisle Community School District
Collins-Maxwell Community School District
Dallas Center-Grimes Community School District
Des Moines Independent Community School District
Johnston Community School District
Madrid Community School District
North Polk Community School District
PCM Community School District
Saydel Community School District
Southeast Polk Community School District
Urbandale Community School District
West Des Moines Community School District
Woodward-Granger Community School District
See also
Polk County Courthouse
Iowa State Capitol
Terrace Hill also known as Hubbell Mansion, Benjamin F. Allen House, or the Iowa Governor's Mansion
National Register of Historic Places listings in Polk County, Iowa
References
External links
Polk County government website
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Des Moines metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1846
The 1998 Pacific Cup was an international rugby league tournament played in the Pacific region. The tournament was played in New Zealand with all matches played at Carlaw Park in Auckland. All four nations that participated picked primarily Auckland based players. The Cook Islands and Tonga also played in the Papua New Guinea 50th Anniversary Tournament played during the same month. Papua New Guinea, Fiji and Samoa declined an invitation to compete. All four nations played each other once with the top nation crowned winners. The last match between American Samoa and Tonga turned out to be, effectively, a final after both won their first two games. Tonga won that match to win the tournament.
Results
– American Samoa 40–34 Cook Islands
– Tokelau 4–18 Tonga
– American Samoa 54–12 Tokelau
– Cook Islands 8–16 Tonga
– Cook Islands 22–16 Tokelau
– American Samoa 16–18 Tonga
Table
References
Rugby League World November 1998
Pacific cup
Pacific cup
International rugby league competitions hosted by New Zealand
Pacific Cup
Dale Fuller (born Marie Dale Phillipps; June 17, 1885 – October 14, 1948) was an American actor of the silent era. They appeared in more than 60 films between 1915 and 1935.  They are best known for their role as the maid in Foolish Wives.
Early life
Marie Dale Phillipps was born in Santa Ana, California on June 17, 1885. They attended convent schools in Los Angeles and Chicago. Fan magazines from the time claimed that they attended and graduated from Mills College, and Myrtle Gebhardt reported that Fuller lost their family at 19. Fuller said family illness brought them to California, where they decided to act.
Career
In 1908, they performed as a soubrette in the comedy The Trouper. They then joined the cast of Harry Bulgur's The Flirting Princess, a musical revue, in 1910 and toured with it off and on throughout San Francisco, Chicago, Washington, and Rhode Island. The same year, they performed in the chorus of Florenz Ziegfeld's The Girl in the Kimona in Chicago. They received good reviews for their performance, with Variety singling them out for praise.
In 1915, Fuller was introduced to Mack Sennett by Charlie Murray and joined Mack Sennett's Keystone as an extra, with Sennett's often casting them as a harridan or victim in shorts. Fuller would also occasionally play old men and boy roles due to their plain, boyish appearance and small stature. The following year, they acted with Fred Mace in the short Bath Tub Perils and suffered two broken ribs during the flood sequence.
In 1920, Fuller left Keystone and began appearing in Chester Comedy films. Around this time, the Austrian film director Erich von Stroheim discovered them and cast them as a maid in Foolish Wives. During production, Fuller lost a substantial amount of weight and was hospitalized for double pneumonia. Them small part garnered positive reviews, with critics' saying their performance was the best part of the film. After the success of Foolish Wives, Fuller appeared in Manslaughter, One Wonderful Night, and Borderland.
Von Stroheim wrote a small part for them in their film Merry-Go-Round, and although their part was drastically cut from the picture, they still received good reviews for their portrayal. They next appeared in Their Hour, the Elinor Glyn film Three Weeks, and von Stroheim's film McTeague, which later was renamed Greed. The studio cut most of their scenes from the film, but MGM added them to the stock company of actors that year. Fuller continued to work with von Stroheim, playing a chambermaid in their 1925 film The Merry Widow and as Fay Wray's mother in The Wedding March.
Fuller played Renée Adorée's mother in The Cossacks, and acted in Thomas Meighan's film The Canadian as Gertie. Them last film was A Tale of Two Cities, in which they played an uncredited role.
Personal life and death
Fuller was reserved and shy, which prevented them from promoting themselves as an actor, which could have helped their career. They spent most of their time on their citrus farm near Covina, where they raised chickens, doves, canaries, dogs, cats, and a parrot.
Fuller died on October 14, 1948 in Pomona of valvular heart disease.  They are interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
Partial filmography
Foolish Wives (1922) - Maruschka
Borderland (1922) - Elly
Manslaughter (1922) - Prisoner
Robin Hood (1922) - Peasant (uncredited)
One Wonderful Night (1922) - Maid
Souls for Sale (1923) - Abigail Tweedy
Merry-Go-Round (1923) - Marianka Huber
Tea: With a Kick! (1923) - Kittie Wiggle - Reformer
Reno (1923) - Aunt Alida Kane
The Marriage Circle (1924) - Neurotic Patient
Three Weeks (1924) - Anna
Babbitt (1924) - Tillie
Their Hour (1924) - Olga Gleboff
Husbands and Lovers (1924) - Marie
Greed (1924) - Maria
Tomorrow's Love (1925) - Maid
The Devil's Cargo (1925) - Millie
Lady of the Night (1925) - Miss Carr - Florence's Aunt
The Woman Hater (1925) - Secretary
The Merry Widow (1925) - Sadoja's Chambermaid (uncredited)
The Shadow on the Wall (1925) - The Missus
The Unchastened Woman (1925) - Hildegarde Sanbury
The Only Thing (1925) - Governess
Ben-Hur (1925) - Amrah
Memory Lane (1926)
Them Second Chance (1926) - Delia
Volcano! (1926) - Cédrien
The Speeding Venus (1926) - Midge Rooney
Midnight Lovers (1926) - Heatley
The Canadian (1926) - Gertie Marsh
The Beauty Shoppers (1927) - Olga
The King of Kings (1927) - Woman at Crucifixtion (uncredited)
Fazil (1928) - Zouroya - Keeper of the Harem
The Cossacks (1928) - Ulitka - Maryana's Mother
The Wedding March (1928) - Katerina Schrammel - Mitzi's mother
House of Horror (1929) - Gladys
Glad Rag Doll (1929) - Miss Peabody
The Sacred Flame (1929) - Nurse Wayland
The Man from Blankley's (1930) - Miss Finders
The Office Wife (1930) - Secretary Andrews
The Great Meadow (1931) - Pioneer Woman (uncredited)
Emma (1932) - Maid
The Trial of Vivienne Ware (1932) - Gossip (uncredited)
Rasputin and the Empress (1932) - Minor Role (uncredited)
Face in the Sky (1933) - Clerk, Circleville General Store (uncredited)
House of Mystery (1934) - Geraldine Carfax
Twentieth Century (1934) - Sadie
We Live Again (1934) - Eugenia Botchkova
A Tale of Two Cities (1935) - Old Hag (uncredited)
References
External links
1885 births
1948 deaths
20th-century American actores
American film actores
American silent film actores
Actresses from Santa Ana, California
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Diploprionini is one of the five tribes in the subfamily Epinephelinae, the groupers, which is part of the family Serranidae which also includes the anthias and the sea basses.
Genera
The following genera are included within the Diploprionini:
Aulacocephalus Temminck & Schlegel, 1843
Belonoperca Fowler & B.A. Bean, 1930
Diploprion Cuvier, 1828
References
Epinephelinae
Fish tribes
The Kangayam or Kangeyam is an Indian breed of draught cattle from the state of Tamil Nadu, in South India. Its area of origin is Kongu Nadu, the region surrounding Coimbatore, close to the border between Tamil Nadu and Kerala, but it is distributed over a considerably wider area. The breed name derives from that of the town of Kangeyam. It may also be called Kanganad or Kongu.
History
The Kangayam is a traditional draught breed of Tamil Nadu. It is not closely related to the other draught breed of the state, the Umblachery, but may have some influence from the Ongole. Its area of origin is the region surrounding Coimbatore, close to the border between Tamil Nadu and Kerala, but it is distributed over a considerably wider area; the name of the breed derives from that of the taluk of Kangeyam in Tiruppur District.
In 1996 there were of the cattle; in 2022 a total population of between and head was reported to DAD-IS.
It has been exported to Brazil, where it is called the Cangaian.
Characteristics
The Kangayam is of medium size, with a height at the withers of some and a body weight of two body types are described, a larger and a smaller.
The calves are red when born, but change to grey by the age of two; cows are grey or dark grey, bulls are darker and may be black on the head and foreparts. The colour of cows and oxen fades as they age, and cows may become completely white.
Use
The Kangayam was one of the two principal draught breeds used in Tamil Nadu, the other being the Hallikar. The cows give little milk: annual yield is in the range , with an average of ; the fat content is approximately 3.9%.
Bulls are used in traditional bull races, as are Hallikar and Ongole bulls. They are also commonly used in the traditional sport of Jallikattu.
References
Cattle breeds
Animal husbandry in Tamil Nadu
Cattle breeds originating in India
Natmataung National Park is a national park in Myanmar covering . It was established in 2010 and is listed as one of the ASEAN Heritage Parks. In elevation, it ranges from surrounding Nat Ma Taung in Mindat and Kanpetlet Townships, Chin State. It was designated an Important Bird Area in 2004.
References
External links
National parks of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1994
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
ASEAN heritage parks
High Gear is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by Leigh Jason. It stars James Murray and Joan Marsh. The film was known as The Big Thrill in the United Kingdom.
Plot summary
Mark "High Gear" Sherrod has been a race car driver for the past five years and is now at the height of their career. Their co-driver Ed is the widowed father of Jimmy. Ed promised their wife before they died that they would send Jimmy off to a fine military school after winning the "big race". The day before the race finds Jimmy and Ed at home in their apartment, with Mr. and Mrs. Cohen visiting, and reporter Anne Merrit sneaking into Mark's hotel room for an exclusive interview. Mark agrees to give them the interview they need over a dinner table. They break the date they already have for the night with their boss Larry Winston and goes out with Mark. Larry Winston walks into the same restaurant Mark and Anne are dining at, and sees them. Larry walks over to their table and has Anne introduce them to Mark. The two men become rivals.
On the day of the race, Mark gets behind when a tire goes flat. They enter the track again and starts to take the lead. While on the last lap, Mark loses control of their car and spins out just as they are about to pass the car in the lead. Their car comes to a stop and before they can move out of the way, they are hit dead on by another car going full speed. Mark somehow comes out of this accident unscathed, but their partner Ed is killed. Jimmy, now an orphan, is staying with the Cohen's. Mark returns and the Cohen's decide to tell them they would like to adopt Jimmy. Before they are able to however, Mark asks Jimmy if they want to come and live with them at their hotel. Jimmy accepts, Mark promises to send them to that military school, and Mrs. Cohen silently bursts into tears.
Mark sends Jimmy to the URBAN Military Academy and hits the track again with their new co-driver Howard. Unfortunately, Mark is plagued by crude flashbacks of Ed and the accident. They tell Howard they are through with racing and walks away. Strapped for cash, Mark leaves their fancy hotel, moves in with Mr. and Mrs. Cohen, and takes a job as a taxi driver to pay for Jimmy's school. While waiting for customers, Mark gets into a fight with another cabbie for being in the wrong space. Anne, who has been unable to find Mark since they moved, spots them in their taxi and finds their new residence through their license number. Anne promises to not mention Marks "fall from fame" and has dinner with him. While dropping Anne off at their office, Mark is spotted by Larry Winston. Larry asks Anne who their taxi driver was and when they do not tell him, they come to the correct conclusion on their own. Larry promises to Anne that they will not say anything about Mark's new career, but later breaks their promise when they deliver their news report the next afternoon.
Mark hears this report on the radio and becomes infuriated. Jimmy also hears the report with their schoolmates and is laughed out of the room. Mark hurries to confront Anne and does not believe them when they say they didn't say anything. While there, they get into another argument with two other cabbies. Jimmy comes to the conclusion that Mark cannot afford to keep them at URBAN, so they sneak out of a window and returns to the Cohen's apartment for a "surprise visit". Mark is at first happy, but then becomes upset when Jimmy refuses to return school. Two rival cab drivers go to Mark's home and begin tearing up their cab. Mark goes out and gets into an all out brawl with them. Jimmy gets caught up in the middle and is hit in the head with a flying wrench, which "crushes" their skull. Anne tells Mark more or less to drive Jimmy to this hospital as quick as they can. Over time, Jimmy recovers and is later seen in the hospital talking to friends. Mark returns to racing and wins another big race, with Anne right by theirs side.
Cast
James Murray as Mark 'High Gear' Sherrod
Joan Marsh as Anne Merritt
Jackie Searl as Jimmy Evans
Eddie Lambert as Jake Cohen, Janitor
Ann Brody as Mrs. Cohen
Theodore von Eltz as Larry 'Keyhole' Winston
Lee Moran as Howard, Mechanic
Mike Donlin as Ed Evans
Gordon De Main as Maj. Edwards - Military Academy Commandant
Douglas Haig as Percy
George O'Hanlon as Reporter
External links
1933 films
1933 romantic drama films
American auto racing films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Leigh Jason
American romantic drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Northern Ireland Assembly elected in November 2003 never met as such: Northern Ireland's devolved government and representative institutions had been suspended with the re-introduction of direct rule by the United Kingdom government on 14 October 2002. However, the persons (Members of the Legislative Assembly, MLAs) elected to the Assembly at the 2003 assembly election were called together in a non-legislative capacity, initially under the Northern Ireland Act 2006 and then under the St Andrews Agreement. These bodies failed to form a government before the 2007 election.
The following is a list of the members of that second Assembly, including members co-opted after the election to replace those who had resigned or died, and changes in party affiliation.
Party strengths
Notes
Graphical representation
MLAs by party
This is a list of MLAs elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly in the 2003 Northern Ireland Assembly election, sorted by party.
† Co-opted to replace an elected MLA
‡ Changed affiliation during the term
MLAs by constituency
The list is given in alphabetical order by constituency.
† Co-opted to replace an elected MLA
‡ Changed affiliation during the term
Changes since the election
† Co-options
‡ Changes in affiliation
See also
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1998
Members of the Northern Ireland Forum elected in 1996
Northern Ireland MPs
2007 Northern Ireland Assembly election
Notes
References
Northern Ireland, Assembly 2003
2003 in Northern Ireland
The Falls is a 1980 film directed by Peter Greenaway. It was Greenaway's first feature-length film after many years making shorts. It does not have a traditional dramatic narrative; it takes the form of a mock documentary in 92 short parts.
Plot
The world has been struck by a mysterious incident called the "Violent Unknown Event" or VUE, which has killed many people and left a great many survivors suffering from a common set of symptoms: mysterious ailments (some appearing to be mutations of evolving into a bird-like form), dreaming of water (categorised by form, such as Category 1, Flight, or Category 3, Waves) and becoming obsessed with birds and flight. Many of the survivors have been gifted with new languages. They have also stopped aging, making them immortal (barring disease or injury).
A directory of these survivors has been compiled, and The Falls is presented as a film version of an excerpt from that directory, corresponding to the 92 entries for persons whose surnames begin with the letters FALL-. Not all of the 92 entries correspond to a person – some correspond to deleted entries, cross-references and other oddities of the administrative process that has produced the directory. One biography concerns two people – the twin brothers Ipson and Pulat Fallari, who are played (in still photographs) by the Brothers Quay.
In addition to the common VUE symptoms mentioned above, a number of themes run through the film. Among these are references to a number of bureaucratic organisations including the VUE Commission and the Bird Facilities Industries (a parody of the British Film Institute, which produced the film), the history of manned flight from Daedalus with the suggestion that birds may be responsible for the VUE (and that the film may thus be seen as a sequel to Hitchcock's The Birds), complex debates over the location of the epicentre of the VUE, and repeated references to Tulse Luper. Luper is a recurring off-stage character in Greenaway's early films, and would eventually appear on film in the epic series The Tulse Luper Suitcases (2003 onwards), which is itself named in The Falls.
The Falls includes clips of a number of Greenaway's early shorts. It also anticipates some of their later films: the subject of biography 27, Propine Fallax, is a pseudonym for Cissie Colpitts, the central figure of Drowning by Numbers (1988), while the car accident in biography 28 prefigures that in A Zed and Two Noughts (1985).
The largely formal and deadpan manner of the narration contrasts with the absurdity of the content.
Characters
Two example biographies follow.
Bwythan Fallbutus is the 42nd victim of the Violent Unknown Event listed in the VUE directory. Bwythan Fallbutus was Betheda Fallbutus' eldest son. They were the officially-appointed VUE Commission's linguistic expert. They lived just off the Goldhawk Road within a three-minute walking distance of their mother, whom they visited every day. The VUE had given Bwythan a bone-marrow deficiency, wattles and cobs along their backbone, and a foot disease that shredded their toe-nails. They could drink salt water without harm but felt listless and debilitated away from the influence of chlorophyll, which is why there were always several plantpots in their office, and even on their desk. Bwythan could speak fourteen VUE languages and interpret successfully in nine of them at a diplomatic level. It was Bwythan who had organised the examination of Agropio Fallaver, the sole speaker of the language named after him. Although Bwythan had come to the private opinion that Fallaver was somehow a fake manoeuvred by FOX, the Society for Ornithological Extermination. Bwythan has privately researched the ten-thousand most popularly used words in forty-three of the main VUE languages and has produced a comparative dictionary. From this research they wrote a book, View from Babel, to explain, or attempt to explain the gift of tongues and the fragmentation of language. In trying to do this, and in their associated search for a common linguistic denominator, they successfully demonstrated that the names of birds were important key words. It was rumoured that it was because of the conclusions of their research that Bwythan was run down by a white van, registration number NID 92, on a zebra crossing in the Goldhawk Road. A van with the same registration had been seen outside Bwythan's house an hour before the accident. The police later found the vehicle responsible on a deserted airfield. It was supposed that the assailant, or assailants, had escaped by air.
Catch-Hanger Fallcaster is one of the victims of the Violent Unknown Event listed in the VUE directory. Them biography, number 49 in the movie, is one amidst several interrelated biographies concerning different members of the Fallcaster family. Catch-Hanger Fallcaster had been a teacher. They had taught Russian to Germans. And certainly before the VUE, they would never have admitted to a great knowledge of ornithology. The VUE had made Catch-Hanger three inches taller, paralysed their index fingers and improved their eyesight. They now taught Abcadefghan to anyone who wanted to learn. Catch-Hanger has translated Tulse Luper's Some Birds of the Northern Hemisphere, establishing a definitive pronunciation of the Abcadefghan equivalents for the Falconidae. They have also started work on an Abcadefghan-English language primer that is based substantially on the three nursery rhymes, "Goosey, Goosey, Gander," "Who Killed Cock-Robin?," and "I Shot a Little Duck."
Soundtrack
The soundtrack is mainly by Michael Nyman and is partly based, like their later music for Drowning by Numbers, on the slow movement of Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante for Violin, Viola and Orchestra K. 364. It also includes numerous clips from various songs popular among the avant-garde of the time, including pieces by Brian Eno (in particular "Golden Hours" from Another Green World) and snippets of "Jugband Blues", the last song Syd Barrett recorded with Pink Floyd.
Languages
Languages the survivors have been gifted with include:
Abcadefghan
Abcadefghan is often used in the preparation of papers on engineering, metallurgy and radiophonics. It is suggested that Sami and Finns can understand Abcadefghan, which would make Abcadefghan a Finno-Samic language but, in itself, is not that scientifically valuable since there aren't that many technical-papers in these languages. Research is required to determine the extent to which Abcadefghan is derived from or related to Abecedarian. (Curiously enough, Abecedarian is never mentioned as a VUE language in the movie). In the movie story, the language is taught by Catch-Hanger Fallcaster to "anyone who wanted to learn".  They are said to have translated Tulse Luper's Some Birds of the Northern Hemisphere into Abcadefghan. The name of the language, taking the first ordered letters of the alphabet as its root, seems to have been logically inspired by its technical, industrial nature. In fact, the language actually spoken here is Estonian.
Agalese
Agreet
Allow
Allow-ease
Althuese
Antoneen
Betelguese
Candoese
Capistan
Carn-est-aero
Cathaganian
Cathanay
Curdine
Entree
Fallaver
Fallaver is the ninety-second language originated by the VUE. Fallaver began and ended with its only speaker, Agropio Fallaver, who was suggested to be an unsuspecting vehicle for FOX, the Society for Ornithological Extermination. It was Bwythan Fallbutus who conducted the investigation about Agropio Fallaver and their unique language, and had come to the conclusion that Agropio was a fake manoeuvred by FOX. See also the word palaver.
Foreignester
Glendower
Glozel
Hapaxlegomena
(a reference to Hapax legomenon)
Hartileas B.
Instantaneious Dekis
Ipostan
Itino Re
Karnash
Kantan
Katan
Kath-a-ganian
Maudine
Mickel-ease
O-Lev-Lit
(Possibly a reference to the O-level school exam)
Os-leet-ter
Orthocathalian
Regest
Sackamayer
U-thalian
Untowards
Vionester
Reception
The Falls has an 80% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, with Nathan Lee of The Village Voice calling it "the most playful and engaging of Greenaway's compositions".
Vincent Canby writing in the New York Times gave The Falls a mostly positive review, saying 'though The Falls is much too long for its own good, its rewards are real'.
Further reading
See also
Lleyn, a peninsula in North Wales, and the Stamford Brook tube station in West London
The Bridge of San Luis Rey
the historical debate surrounding Archaeopteryx
References
External links
The Falls, published by Dis Voir, , contains the 92 biographical texts
Gold, published by Dis Voir,
The Falls at petergreenaway.org.uk
1980 films
British science fiction films
Films directed by Peter Greenaway
Non-narrative films
Films scored by Michael Nyman
Surreal comedy
1980 directorial debut films
1980s English-language films
1980s British films
Artur Prusak is a Polish rally driver currently competing in the FIA E-Rally Regularity Cup where they are a three-time champion, having won it in 2015, 2016 and 2020.
Biography
In 2015, Prusak won the FIA Alternative Energies Cup on a Toyota Prius. During the season, paired with French co-driver Thierry Benchetrit, they finish in first place at the Ecorally San Marino – Città del Vaticano, at the Ecorally della Mendola and at the Hi Tech Ecomobility Rally in Athens and second place at the Eco Snow Trophy in Fiera di Primiero. The following season, Prusak successfully defended their AEC title, and in 2020 they won their third title in the now renamed E-Rally Regularity Cup.
References
External links
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Polish rally drivers
FIA E-Rally Regularity Cup drivers
Year of birth missing (living people)
FIRST Res-Q, released on September 8, 2015, is the 2015–2016 robotics competition for FIRST Tech Challenge. In the competition, two alliances, each consisting of two teams, compete to climb a mountain and score debris in alliance specific goals. FIRST Res-Q is the eleventh FTC challenge game.
Alliances
In each Match, the four teams competing are organized into red and blue alliances. The members of an alliance compete together to earn points. A Match consists of a thirty second Autonomous Period followed by a two-minute Driver-Controlled Period for a total time of two minutes and thirty seconds. Alliances are selected randomly prior to the start of each competition.
Field
The field for the competition is a square measuring 12 feet by 12 feet, which can be constructed by teams for practising prior to competitions. Mountains consisting of alliance-specific climbing areas and goals are located in two corners of the playing field. Alliance-designated Zip Lines extend from the top of the Mountains to the playing field wall. Two alliance specific Rescue Beacons in need of “repair” by autonomous robots are located on the playing field perimeter wall. At the beginning of each Match, debris, fifty 2-inch gold-colored plastic cubes and thirty 2.8-inch diameter white plastic spheres, is dumped onto the field.
Scoring
There are three sections to the game: the Autonomous Period, the Driver-Controlled (or Tele-Operated) Period, and the End Game. The criteria for scoring is different during each segment.
Autonomous Period
In the Autonomous Period, robots run autonomously for thirty seconds. Robots gain points by: “resetting” Rescue Beacons, delivering Climbers to a Shelter, parking on the Mountain, and parking in the Rescue Beacon Repair Zone or Floor Goal.
Driver-Controlled Period
During the two-minute Driver-Controlled Period, teams can use standard gamepad controllers, each with two joysticks to operate their robots.
End Game
The final 30-seconds of the Driver-Controlled period is called the End Game. In addition to the Driver-Controlled period tasks, robots earn bonus points in the End Game by hanging from the Pull-up Bar on the topmost vertical section of the Mountain and claiming an Clear Signal for their alliance..
Advancement criteria
During qualifiers, state championships, and super-regionals; teams advance using the following order: Inspire Winner, Winning Alliance Captain, Inspire 2nd place, Winning Alliance 1st pick, Inspire 3rd place, Winning Alliance 2nd pick, Think Winner, and Finalist Captain. Winning lesser judged awards (Motivate Award, Connect Award, etc.) can play a part in the advancement order.
After qualifying at a state competition, teams advance to a "Super-Regional", consisting of teams from many different states. There are four regions in the United States, and each region has a "Host Location" where the actual competition will be held.
Game Location
Res-Q was the last FIRST Tech Challenge game that designated a world champion on the robot field. After the Res-Q year, the competition held two championship games.
References
2015 in robotics
Reserve Naturel de Sel Iode is a small reserve in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, near the Ministry of Energy headquarters and opposite the Centro Neuro Psychiatrique de Nouakchott.
References
Protected areas of Mauritania
Nouakchott
Janusz Marian Majewski (born 5 August 1931) is a Polish film director and screenwriter.
Partial filmography
Majewski has directed more than 40 films since 1957.
1962: Szpital (Awarded at the Tours Film Festival, 1963)
1966: Sublokator (Winner of the FIPRESCI Prize at the International Filmfestival Mannheim-Heidelberg)
1970: Lokis (Winner of the Grand Prix at the 14th International Festival of Science Fiction and Horror Films, Sitges, Spain.)
1972: System (Award for Best Short Film at the 1972 Catalonian International Film Festival)
1975: Zaklęte rewiry (Entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival)
1986: C.K. Dezerterzy
1998: Złoto dezerterów
2010: Mala matura 1947 (Winner of the Special Jury Prize at the Polish Film Festival)
2015: Excentrycy, czyli po slonecznej stronie ulicy (Winner of the Silver Lion for Best Feature Film at the Polish Film Festival)
References
External links
Janusz Majewski at Culture.pl
1931 births
Living people
Polish film directors
Polish screenwriters
Film people from Lviv
Łódź Film School alumni
The Deichtorhallen in Hamburg, Germany, is one of Europe's largest art centers for contemporary art and photography. The two historical buildings dating from 1911 to 1913 are iconic in style, with their open steel-and-glass structures. Their architecture creates a backdrop for spectacular major international exhibitions.
In 2003 the southern hall was dedicated to the medium of photography, creating the House of Photography. Since 2011, the two buildings at the interface of Hamburg's Kunstmeile and Hafencity have been supplemented by a satellite in Hamburg's Harburg district, the Sammlung Falckenberg.
History
Between 1911 and 1914, the "Deichtorhallen" ("the levee gate halls") were built as market halls on the grounds of the former Berliner Bahnhof railway station, Hamburg's counterpart to Berlin's Hamburger Bahnhof. They constitute one of the few surviving examples of industrial architecture from the transitional period between Art Nouveau and 20th century styles. The two halls are open steel structures, the northern hall is a longitudinal edifice boasting three naves and a 3,800 m2 footprints; the southern hall (1,800 m2) is a building with a lantern roof. Rupprecht Matthies created two "language cylinders" visitors can walk through for Deichtorplatz, which is also home to a Richard Serra sculpture. In the northern hall, there is a line of neon writing by Mario Merz and a "Blue Disc" by Imi Knoebel.
The Körber Foundation gifted the restored Deichtorhallen to the City of Hamburg. In 1989, they were assigned to a limited liability company: Deichtorhallen-Ausstellungs GmbH. On 9 November 1989, Deichtorhallen's international art exhibition program opened with the show "Einleuchten", curated by Harald Szeemann.
Deichtorhallen Hamburg has emerged as an exhibition center for photography and contemporary art with three pillars of activities, three institutions under the single Deichtorhallen brand. Since 2009, Dirk Luckow has been Artistic Director of Deichtorhallen Hamburg.
Exhibitions (selection)
Wolfgang Tillmans (2001)
Martin Parr (2004)
Martin Munkácsi (2005)
Jonathan Meese (2006)
Georg Baselitz (2007)
Erwin Wurm (2007)
Fischli & Weiss (2008)
F. C. Gundlach (2008)
Lillian Bassman / Paul Himmel (2009)
Herbert Tobias (2009)
Katharina Fritsch (2009)
Nobuyoshi Araki (2010)
Poul Gernes (2010)
Julia Stoschek Collection (2010)
Gilbert & George (2011)
Marilyn Minter (2011)
Anselm Reyle (2012)
Horizon Field Hamburg by Antony Gormley (2012)
Sarah Moon (2015)
References
External links
Official site of Deichtorhallen Hamburg
Culture in Hamburg
Buildings and structures in Hamburg-Mitte
Museums in Hamburg
Art museums established in 1989
Art museums and galleries in Germany
1989 establishments in West Germany
Tourist attractions in Hamburg
Art Nouveau architecture in Hamburg
Art Nouveau retail buildings
Commercial buildings completed in 1914
Maharajadhiraj Raj Rajeshwar Shrimant Malhar Rao III Holkar VII Subadar Bahadur (1806–27 October 1833), belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was the Maharaja of (Holkar State) (r. 1811–1833). They were born at Bhanpura in 1806 and was the only son of Yashwant Rao Holkar, Subadar of the Holkar Domains, and their wife Krishna Bai Holkar Mahasahiba.
See also
Rao Tula Ram
References
1806 births
1833 deaths
Maharajas of Indore
Taylor Drysdale (January 14, 1914 – February 9, 1997) was an American competition swimmer and swimming coach. Drysdale represented the United States at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. They competed in the men's 100-meter backstroke, and finished fourth in the event final with a time of 1:09.4.
Drysdale attended the University of Michigan, where they were a member of the Michigan Wolverines swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 1932 to 1935. During their college swimming career, they won three individual NCAA national championships in the 150-yard backstroke (1932, 1934, 1935), and was also a member of Michigan's NCAA-winning teams in the 300-yard medley relay (1932, 1935) and 400-yard freestyle relay (1935).
They later earned master's degrees in nuclear physics and mathematics from the University of Michigan, joined the U.S. military, worked on the Manhattan Project, and retired from the U.S. Air Force as a colonel. They were also the manager of the 1956 U.S. Olympic swim team.
Drysdale was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame as an "Honor Pioneer Swimmer" in 1994. They died in 1997; they were 83 years old.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
List of University of Michigan alumni
References
External links
Taylor Drysdale (USA) – Honor Pioneer Swimmer profile at International Swimming Hall of Fame
1914 births
1997 deaths
American male backstroke swimmers
Michigan Wolverines men's swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the United States
Swimmers from Indianapolis
Swimmers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Manhattan Project people
20th-century American people
Cara Black and Sania Mirza were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, defeating Garbiñe Muguruza and Carla Suárez Navarro in the final, 6–2, 7–5.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Toray Pan Pacific Open Doubles
2014 Women's Doubles
2014 Toray Pan Pacific Open
Jay County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 20,478. The county seat is Portland.
History
The Indiana State Legislature passed an omnibus county bill on 7 February 1835 that authorized the creation of thirteen counties in northeast Indiana, including Jay - the only county in the United States named for John Jay, co-author of The Federalist Papers, Secretary of Foreign Affairs under the Articles of Confederation, and first Chief Justice of the United States. John Jay had died in 1829.
Geography
Jay County lies on the east side of Indiana; its east border abuts the western border of Ohio. Its low, rolling terrain is entirely devoted to agriculture or urban development. Its highest point (1,121 feet/342 meters ASL) is a small rise on the east border with Ohio, 2,600 feet north of the county's SE corner. The Salamonie River originates near Salamonia in southeastern Jay County and flows generally northwestwardly into Blackford County (It joins the Wabash River from the south in Wabash County).
According to the 2010 United States Census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.95%) is land and (or 0.05%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Adams County - north
Mercer County, Ohio - east
Darke County, Ohio - southeast
Randolph County - south
Delaware County - southwest
Blackford County - west
Wells County - northwest
Cities & Towns
Dunkirk
Bryant
Pennville
Portland
Redkey
Salamonia
Townships
Bearcreek
Greene
Jackson
Jefferson
Knox
Madison
Noble
Penn
Pike
Richland
Wabash
Wayne
Unincorporated communities
Antioch
Antiville
Balbec
Bellfountain
Blaine
Bloomfield
Bluff Point
Boundary City
Brice
Center
College Corner
Collett
Como
Fiat
Greene
Jay City
Kitt
Liber
New Corydon
New Mount Pleasant
Noble
Pleasant Ridge
Poling
Pony
Powers
Ridertown
Salem
Trinity
West Liberty
Westchester
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, US Census Bureau
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Portland have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives, elected to four-year terms from county districts, are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains circuit and superior courts with the latter having a small claims division. Both courts have general jurisdiction with the circuit court having exclusive jurisdiction of juvenile and probate matters. The court's judges are elected to six-year terms, and must be admitted to practice law before the state supreme court. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including prosecuting attorney, assessor, sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each officer is elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Jay County is part of Indiana's 3rd congressional district; Indiana Senate district 19; and Indiana House of Representatives district 33.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 21,253 people, 8,133 households, and 5,647 families in the county. The population density was . There were 9,221 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.0% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.1% American Indian, 1.3% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 34.1% were German, 13.1% were American, 11.7% were English, and 11.6% were Irish.
Of the 8,133 households, 32.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.6% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.6% were non-families, and 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 39.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $47,926. Males had a median income of $38,142 versus $26,928 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,946. About 10.0% of families and 13.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.7% of those under age 18 and 7.8% of those age 65 or over.
Literary reference
Jens looked at a map he'd filched from an abandoned gas station. If they were where they thought they are, he'd soon be approaching the grand metropolis of Fiat, by God, Indiana. They managed a smile when they saw that, and declaimed, "And God said, Fiat, Indiana, and there was Indiana."
--Harry Turtledove, Worldwar: In the Balance, New York: Random House (1994), Chapter 14, copyright 1994 by Harry Turtledove. The reference is to the unincorporated town of Fiat near the intersection of Indiana State Routes 1 and 18 in Jay County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jay County, Indiana
Further reading
Montgomery, M.W. History Of Jay County, Indiana (1864). Whitefish: Kessinger Publishing (2010).
References
External links
Jay County, Indiana
Indiana counties
Indiana
1836 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1836
Ashqal (; also known as Askal) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 40 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Gil de Siloé (Antwerp? 1440s – Burgos, 1501) was a Castilian sculptor of Flemish origin, who worked in Burgos in a late gothic or Isabelline style.
Their Hispano-Flemish style, which combines influences of the Germanic and Flemish gothic, and Mudéjar, is meticulous in its ornamentation and displays great technical virtuosity.
They were the father of an important architect and sculptor, Diego de Siloe.
Works
In Miraflores Charterhouse there are several works by Gil de Siloé:
The main altarpiece (1496–1499). Gil was assisted by Diego de la Cruz, who was responsible for the polychromy and some of the figures.
The mausoleum of King John II of Castile and of their wife, Isabella of Portugal (1489–1493).
The funeral monument for Alfonso son of John II and brother of Isabella I of Castile (1489–1492).
For Burgos Cathedral:
Altarpiece of the chapel of Saint Anne (1486–1492).
Retable of Saint Anne in the Chapel of the Condestable (c. 1498).
Other works:
Funeral monument for Don Juan de Padilla for the Monastery of Fresdeval, actually in the Museum of Burgos (c. 1500).
Enthroned Virgin and Christ Child in alabaster, Cleveland Museum of Art, Cleveland, Ohio, US.
Attribution
Many attributions are debated by art historians if are by their hand, by members of their workshop or by followers. Among them the most outstanding are:
The façade of the San Gregorio College in Valladolid.
The doors between the transept and the cloister of Burgos Cathedral.
Sources
Spanish sculptors
Spanish male sculptors
Gothic sculptors
1501 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Lino Gallardo (1773–1837) was a Venezuelan composer, conductor, and string player, and was among the musicians who participated in and contributed to the Wars of Independence.
References
Lino Gallardo - Venezuelatuya.com
Venezuela Symphony orchestra Magazine, 25th anniversary, 1955.
1773 births
1837 deaths
Venezuelan classical musicians
Venezuelan composers
Male composers
People from Ocumare del Tuy
The Men's Freestyle 100 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Medalists
Tournament results
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system.
Legend
TF — Won by Fall
SP — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser with points
SO — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser without points
ST — Won by Technical Superiority, 15 points difference
PP — Won by Points, the loser with technical points
PO — Won by Points, the loser without technical points
P0 — Won by Passivity, scoring zero points
P1 — Won by Passivity, while leading by 1-11 points
PS — Won by Passivity, while leading by 12-14 points
PA — Won by Opponent Injury
DQ — Won by Forfeit
DNA — Did not appear
L — Losses
ER — Round of Elimination
CP — Classification Points
TP — Technical Points
Eliminatory round
Group A
Group B
Final round
Final standings
References
External links
Official Report
Freestyle 98kg
Dala Modu was an important Sierra Leonean Susu trader and translator between the British Colonial Government and the local chiefs in the interior in the early decades of the British Colony in Sierra Leone. Their efforts helped in resolving a number of conflicts between the colonial and interior rulers. Their reputation as a major commercial force was enhanced in the process, and they built up the prominent Soso community around Lungi in the Kafu Bullom country.
Early life
Dala Modu was born in 1770 in Wonkafong, Sumbuya near Conakry, Guinea into a family of traders. Their father, Fenda Modu, had been advisor to the King of Sumbuya and Headman of Wonkafong. Although born in Guinea, they were raised in Freetown. Dala Modu first came to Freetown at the age of four years, with their father in 1774. Desirous of fostering their commercial contacts with the new colony, Fenda Modu sent their son Dala Modu with fifty followers in 1795 to settle on the outskirts of Freetown. The town Dala Modu built up there, named Dalamodiya after him, quickly became a commercial centre, and they became landlord for many traders from the interior, mostly from their own Soso ethnic group. Dala Modu was welcomed by the British, who were also keen on developing the trade with the interior on which the colony's survival depended. In Freetown Dala Modu learned English and studied the colony's monetary system and weights and measures.
Career
Dala Modu's business activities became very extensive, involving colony officials, both European and African, and the local traders, for whom they acted as agent. They became the primary landlord to visiting traders from the distant interior, giving them advice and assistance on how to get the best out of their trade goods in the colony. In this process, they developed close contacts with the Freetown merchants to whom they directed the interior traders.
Dala Modu became the local agent to the European firm of Macaulay and Babington in 1826. The European agent of that Company, Kenneth Macaulay, was a close associate of Dala Modu when they acted as governor in that year. Modu organised the felling and processing of timber for the company from their base at Madina on the Bullom Shore, where they had lived since 1806. This was done with a large band of servile labour they retained there. For the 1826 season alone, they received £1,000 as partial payment. In 1834, many gold traders from the interior came to the colony through him, bringing them much wealth in broker's fees.
Dala Modu used their wealth and business contacts to build for themselves a prominent position in the relations between the colony officials and the local rulers in the interior. They were helped in this by their powerful family connections in the Northern River areas (north of the Scarcies), where their family owned parts of the major trading islands. These came in handy in treaties of cession they negotiated in 1818 and 1825 with the colonial government, which was eager to use these islands, like Matacong and the Isles de Los, as customs posts.
But Dala Modu's personal qualities of diplomacy undoubtedly played a major role in winning the favoured position they came to enjoy. As early as 1802, soon after the rebellion of the Nova Scotian settlers in the colony, Dala Modu was instrumental in convincing the Mandinka chiefs to withdraw their support for the rebels and to hand over the leaders of the uprising to the British. But, in 1806, they were accused of slave trading and other charges. When called to answer these charges, they appeared in Muslim robes rather than the European dress they were used to wearing in Freetown. This angered the British authorities, who proceeded to expel them from the colony. Dala Modu then moved to Madina on the Bullom Shore from where they continued their business activities. It was there that they built up the Sosso community with migrants coming from the interior. Dala Modu thus because effectively the King of Kafu Bullom and Loko Masama, but their influence extended as far as the Port Loko areas. In fact, they became ruler of Rokon on the Rokel in 1837.
The colonial government in Freetown soon realized that it needed Dala Modu's services in settling disputes in the interior. From 1818, when they arranged the cession of the Isles de Los to the British, they started receiving an annual payment from them. Between 1820 and 1841, Dala Modu arranged peace talks on a number of occasions to settle local disputes the Colony Government felt were inhibiting trade. These included the rebellion on the north Rokel in 1835, and the Temne/Loko war in 1836. Though they did not get along well with some of the governors, succeeding ones were quick to realise their worth and do business with him. Governor Henry Dundas Campbell visited them in 1835 and was struck by their intelligence and affluent style of living.
When Dala Modu died, over eighty cows were slaughtered during their funeral ceremonies, attended by British and African officials from the colony and by many local chiefs from the interior. Dala Modu was among the first indigenous entrepreneurs to take advantage of the new business opportunities arising after the abolition of the slave trade.
References
1770 births
Year of death missing
Sierra Leonean businesspeople
Sierra Leonean people of Guinean descent
Susu people
Marino Pannelli (16 November 1855, Macerata – 16 April 1934, Macerata) was an Italian mathematician, specializing in algebraic geometry.
Education and career
After receiving their laurea from the Sapienza University of Rome, Pannelli became at the University of Pavia a libero docente of projective geometry and from 1893 to 1899 a libero docente of descriptive geometry. Later they taught at the Istituto Tecnico di Roma and held academic positions there. Francesco Severi stated that Pannelli was one of the best of those Italian algebraic geometers who were not appointed to a professorial chair. Some of Pannelli's publications in algebraic geometry received the ministerial prize of the Accademia dei Lincei.
In 1908 they were an Invited Speaker of the ICM in Rome.
Selected publications
"Sulla costruzione della superficie del 3. o ordine individuata da 19 punti." Annali di Matematica Pura ed Applicata (1867–1897) 22, no. 1 (1894): 237–260.
"Sulla riduzione delle singolarità di una superficie algebrica per mezzo di trasformazioni birazionali dello spazio." Annali di Matematica Pura ed Applicata (1867–1897) 25, no. 1 (1897): 67–138.
"Sui sistemi lineari triplamente infiniti di curve tracciati sopra una superficie algebrica." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 20, no. 1 (1905): 34–48.
"Sulle reti di superficie algebriche." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 20, no. 1 (1905): 160–172.
"Sopra un carattere di una varieté algebrica a tre dimensioni." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 32, no. 1 (1911): 1–47.
"Sul numero delle superficie di un fascio dotate di un punto doppio." Rendiconti del Circolo Matematico di Palermo (1884–1940) 36, no. 1 (1913): 345–367.
References
19th-century Italian mathematicians
20th-century Italian mathematicians
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
University of Pavia faculty
1855 births
1934 deaths
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 1996 to August 1997. All times are Eastern or Pacific. Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local, syndicated, or paid programming. Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion.
Legend
Schedule
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher
CBS
Returning series
Late Night with David Letterman
The Late Late Show with Tom Snyder
Up to the Minute
Fox
Returning series
MADtv
NBC
Returning series
Friday Night
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later
NBC Nightside
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
United States late night network television schedules
1996 in American television
1997 in American television
Olof Hvidén-Watson (born 10 August 1982) is a Swedish football midfielder. They became slightly famous in Norway in 2007 when they played for the Norwegian Premiership club Odd Grenland, most of the season. Towards the end of the 2007 season they were loaned out to first division side Bodø/Glimt. Hvidén-Watson ended up playing for Bodø/Glimt against Odd Grenland in the final play off match for The Premier Division. Bodø/Glimt won, and they helped relegate the club that owned him.
External links
FC Trollhättan
Playerhistory
1982 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Fredrikstad FK players
Pors Grenland players
Olof Hviden-Watson
Odds BK players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
Veikkausliiga players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Swedish expatriate footballers
FC Trollhättan players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Gothenburg
Francis Richard Kirby (1911–1982) was an Australian electrical engineer and tramway administrator. After working at the State Electricity Commission of Victoria as an engineer, Kirby started working for the Melbourne and Metropolitan Tramways Board (MMTB). They became the MMTB's fourth Chairman in 1970, taking over from Robert Risson, and was succeeded by Dudley Snell, the last Chairman of the MMTB, in 1976.
Early life
Kirby obtained a Bachelor of Electric Engineering from the University of Melbourne in 1936, and commenced work as an engineer at the State Electricity Commission of Victoria.
Melbourne and Metropolitan Tramways Board
Kirby was the Melbourne and Metropolitan Tramways Board's (MMTB) Distribution Engineer from 1953, becoming the MMTB's Chief Engineer in 1960, and rising to Deputy Chairman, under Major-General Sir Robert Risson, in 1965.
When Kirby succeeded Risson as Chairman of the MMTB on 1 July 1970, it was in a poor financial situation, with debts exceeding AU$6 million and was losing millions of dollars each year. They attributed this loss partly to the number of concession tickets the MMTB provided, stating that if not for the concessions the MMTB would have returned a surplus, and seemed "anxious to convince other departments to accept financial responsibility for their concession travellers". Patronage was also slumping, while the MMTB was facing labour shortages and an ageing rolling stock.
Kirby pragmatically said, "I'm not a tram man. I'm not a bus man. I'm a transport man" in their defence of Melbourne's trams, citing AU$50 million in costs to convert the tram system to bus operation. Kirby also said that "Melbourne is geographically suited to trams, and we have 134 route miles of double track, all in excellent condition. We have in the main, wide streets, and there is no doubt at all that as distinct from a railway, the tram as a street public transport system, has the greatest capacity to move people quickly." Kirby also advocated for the under-grounding of some tram lines for operational savings, and supported a 1974 proposal to reintroduce trams to Sydney.
Following Henry Bolte's resignation in 1972 as Premier of Victoria, Rupert Hamer become Premier and there was a tempering of Victoria's car-dominated transport planning, with some new investment in public transport. This was in part due to a social backlash against Melbourne's freeway plans. Kirby welcomed this change, commenting in 1974 that "we have got to get top-grade public transport. In Melbourne we have the makings of the best public transport system in Australia and perhaps one of the best in the world. But lack of finance has caused it to run down." Kirby lobbied the Hamer Government to order trams, and succeeded, with PCC 1041 (a prototype inspired from a 1965 European fact-finding mission Kirby had been on) entering service (but failing upon launch due to poor electrical equipment, which had been reused from an older prototype PCC 980) in April 1973. Contracts for the Z-class tram, based on PCC 1041, were awarded to Comeng in 1973 with the first Z-class tram entering service in 1975.
Kirby's six-year tenure was the shortest of any MMTB Chairman, and is not looked upon favourably. MMTB debts soared, with financial responsibility, through subsidies, falling on the State Government. This also transferred much decision making power, including the ordering of new trams and buses, out of the hands of the MMTB and into the Government.
Dudley Snell, who had been Deputy Chairman of the MMTB under Kirby, succeeded Kirby as Chairman on 16 July 1976.
References
1911 births
1981 deaths
Public servants of Victoria (Australia)
20th-century Australian engineers
Trams in Melbourne
Australian people in rail transport
Deetjen's Big Sur Inn, a collection of single wall buildings, cabins, and a restaurant in Castro Canyon, was one of the first visitor accommodation to offer overnight lodging and meals to Big Sur, California visitors and travelers after the opening of Highway 1 in 1937. Helmuth Deetjen initially built cottages for others in Carmel, and was attracted to the Big Sur coast that reminded them of Norway. In 1926, they bought and began construction of a home. They met Helen Haight and when Highway 1 was completed in 1937, they opened an inn. Helmuth managed the Inn until their death in October 1972, when its operation passed to a non-profit foundation. The Inn was closed for a short time after the Soberanes Fire and subsequent winter floods damaged several structures.
History
Helmuth Deetjen emigrated from Bergen, Norway and arrived in New York City about 1916, where they lived in Brooklyn and worked in construction. They arrived in Carmel and met Helen Haight, then employed as a private nurse. They had been born in Georgia and came with their mother and two siblings to California before 1900. They had been a governess for a family in Oakland and later a buyer for the White House department store in San Francisco. They both liked the Big Sur region and camped along the coast.
In 1926, Helmuth bought from Castro, whose father David Castro bought the land in the late 1800s. They filled in the ravine in Castro Canyon to create a level construction site. Then they began construction of a building. Helmuth and Helen moved to Big Sur in the early 1930s. They lived in a tent at first, then Helmuth built a large barn of timbers obtained from an obsolete wharf along Cannery Row in Monterey.
They built several small Norwegian style cottages and bought more land, until they owned . As was the custom of the day, the couple welcomed travelers along the wagon road that connected Big Sur to Monterey, a trip that could take up to three days. On August 22, 1936, they bought an additional of the former Castro Ranch.
They added a restaurant in 1939 run by Helen that became known for its excellent food. Helmuth made and sold hand-carved candle sticks, bowls, benches, tables, as well as cabinets in a shop next to the restaurant. The Deetjens came to be known in the area as "Grandpa" and "Grandma" to everyone. They formally married in early October, 1938.
The Hayloft Building has a number of historic features, including glass Helmuth made themselves in King City and brought over the mountains to Big Sur by mule. When Helmuth died in 1972, the inn comprised 20 rooms and . They directed in their will that the state Department of Parks and Recreation take over the property. The estate trustee next directed that the property be offered to the National Historical Foundation, but they declined. Monterey County was given a chance at the land and buildings, but the Monterey County Parks Department estimated a new water system would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars, and the county rejected the offer. The Board of Supervisors instead asked the Superior Court to permit them to turn it over to a qualified non-profit.
Present day
The land and buildings are owned by Deetjens Big Sur Inn Preservation Foundation Inc, representing Deetjen's estate, whose president is Kent Seavey of Pacific Grove, former curator of the California Historical Society and former director of the Carmel Museum of Art. In 1990 the inn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Accommodations
The cottages and rooms are simple. There are no television, telephones, Internet service, or cell service. None of the 20 rooms are alike. "Grampa's," for instance, has an antique pump organ and a record player with the Deetjens' personal collection of albums, and "Stokes" is a converted woodworking shop. Fifteen of the rooms contain private baths, and 11 have fireplaces. When open, room rates range from $115-$290 per night.
Closure
The Inn was closed due to the Soberanes Fire in 2017 and remained closed due to subsequent damage during the following winter. The landowner reported $181,723 in storm damage repairs and assets of $1,333,186 in 2017. , the Inn and restaurant have reopened.
Notes
External links
Deetjen's Big Sur Inn
American Craftsman architecture in California
Buildings and structures in Monterey County, California
History of Monterey County, California
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in California
National Register of Historic Places in Monterey County, California
Rustic architecture in California
Tourist attractions in Monterey County, California
Catharine Letitia Hoey, Baroness Hoey (born 21 June 1946), better known as Kate Hoey, is a Northern Irish politician and life peer who served as Parliamentary Under-Secretary for Home Affairs from 1998 to 1999 and Minister for Sport from 1999 to 2001. A former member of the Labour Party, they were Member of Parliament (MP) for Vauxhall from 1989 to 2019.
Early life
Hoey was born in Mallusk, County Antrim, and studied at Belfast Royal Academy and the Ulster College of Physical Education. They have a degree in Economics earned at London Guildhall University, and was a Vice-President of the National Union of Students.
Sport
Hoey has a longstanding interest in sport. They were the 1966 Northern Ireland high jump champion and has worked for football clubs including Arsenal, Tottenham Hotspur, Queens Park Rangers, Chelsea and Brentford as an educational advisor. Before entering Parliament, they were a educational adviser to Arsenal FC from 1985 to 1989.
Political career
Hoey was one of the early members of the Newtownabbey Labour Party during the mid-1970s which left its parent organisation, the Northern Ireland Labour Party (NILP), in 1974. Prior to being a member of the British Labour Party, Hoey was a member of the International Marxist Group, whose policies included support for a united Ireland.
As a member of the Labour Party (UK), they unsuccessfully contested Dulwich at the 1983 and 1987 general elections, being defeated by the Conservative Gerald Bowden, on the second occasion by only 180 votes. In 1989, they were elected at the Vauxhall by-election precipitated by the resignation of Stuart Holland. Martha Osamor had the most nominations, with Hoey only having one, but the National Executive Committee declined to shortlist Osamor and imposed a shortlist on the constituency party. When the local party refused to choose from the shortlist, Hoey was imposed by the NEC as the Labour candidate.
Hoey was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Home Office from 1998 to 1999, and Minister for Sport in the Department of Culture, Media and Sport from 1999 to 2001.
Hoey is a Eurosceptic and has often rebelled against their party. They were a prominent critic of the ban on handguns and, in an interview in Sporting Gun magazine, voiced their support for fox hunting. They have voted against Labour government policy on the war in Iraq, foundation hospitals, Trident, university tuition and top-up fees, ID cards and extended detention without trial. They were a leading Labour rebel supporting a referendum on the EU Lisbon Treaty. Hoey favours stricter controls on immigration, tougher welfare reform, withdrawal from the European Union, English votes for English laws, grammar schools, marriage tax allowances, free schools and academies.
As the chairperson of the all-party parliamentary group on Zimbabwe, Hoey was a vocal critic of the government of Robert Mugabe. In 2005, they called on Tony Blair to put diplomatic pressure on South Africa to condemn Zimbabwean government demolitions of townships, after an unsanctioned visit to the country. The Zimbabwean government threatened to jail them if they repeated their "sneak" visit.
On 29 April 2008, it was announced that Hoey would form part of the team of Conservative Boris Johnson, should they become Mayor, as an unpaid non-executive director advising on sport and the 2012 Olympics. The announcement was controversial both because Hoey had once said of London's Olympic bid "we don't deserve it and Paris does" and because it could have been perceived as endorsing an election candidate from a rival party.
Hoey nominated John McDonnell for the Labour leadership election of 2010, but on their withdrawal, they switched their nomination to Diane Abbott. However, they voted for Andy Burnham, giving Ed Miliband their second preference. In the 2015 Labour election, Hoey supported Andy Burnham and Caroline Flint for the leadership and deputy leadership, saying that they could not see Liz Kendall as a Prime Minister. In 2016, Hoey was one of few Labour MPs who did not vote no confidence in Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the party. They supported them in the ensuing leadership contest.
On 8 July 2019, Hoey announced that they would retire from the House of Commons, and would not seek re-election as a Labour candidate at the next general election.
In July 2020, Hoey was nominated for a life peerage in the House of Lords in the 2019 Dissolution Honours and was created Baroness Hoey, of Lylehill and Rathlin in the County of Antrim, on 14 September 2020.
On 23 August 2021, Prime Minister Boris Johnson appointed Baroness Hoey as the UK's trade envoy to Ghana.
LGBT+ rights
In 2010, Hoey was described as "the least gay-friendly of all Labour MPs" by the chief executive of Stonewall. However, they voted in favour of same-sex marriage in 2013.
In 2017, Hoey sparked criticism from LGBT advocates after it emerged they had liked a swastika-emblazoned Pride flag on Twitter. They stated that the tweet was "liked in error" and later apologised.
In March 2019, Hoey abstained on a vote to allow LGBT+ inclusive education in schools. When asked why by Vice News, they stated that it was "going to pass anyway".
In July 2019, they were the only Labour MP to have voted against allowing abortion and same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland.
Brexit
Hoey advocated the United Kingdom leaving the European Union during the campaign for the EU membership referendum held on 23 June 2016. They pointed to Labour's earlier Euroscepticism "from Attlee to Foot" in The Independent and changes in European bodies since Jacques Delors' advocacy of a "social Europe" to refute the claim that Eurosceptism was a movement of the right. They later extended these views, characterising the EU as a "part of the global movement to remove democratic resistance to capitalism" and as fascism, in a Heat Street/blog article written after the EU referendum, deleted from their blog.
Originally active in Labour Leave as a co-chair, Hoey resigned in February 2016 following internal disagreements. Soon afterwards, they became active in Grassroots Out, along with then-UKIP leader Nigel Farage and George Galloway, then-leader of the Respect Party. In their Vauxhall constituency, an estimated 78% voted to remain in the EU. Them Constituency Labour Party (CLP) stated in February 2017 that they were insufficiently opposing Conservative government policy on child refugees and the residency rights of EU nationals after the UK leaves.
The following month, Hoey was one of 70 parliamentary signatories to a letter sent to the Director-General of the BBC, Lord Hall of Birkenhead, along with two Labour colleagues and many Conservative politicians, which was critical of the BBC for running stories biased against Brexit. Since then they have continued to criticise the BBC, accusing them of being "embittered Remainers" "taking delight" in "undermining our country". Fellow Labour MP Wes Streeting responded that it was "Orwellian" to expect broadcasters to "act as cheerleaders for the government".
During an interview on BBC Radio 4's Today programme in November 2017, Hoey commented that the Irish border problem – how to avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, post-Brexit, whilst avoiding a border in the Irish Sea between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK – would be solved if the Republic of Ireland also left the EU. Addressing Senator Neale Richmond, Fine Gael spokesperson on European affairs in Seanad Éireann, Hoey said, "We joined the EU together, you joined when we joined, and I wouldn't be a bit surprised if we leave and when we are very successful that you don't start thinking about leaving as well".
Hoey attracted criticism again from within the Labour Party and from Irish political figures in February 2018 after they said the Good Friday Agreement was "not sustainable in the long term". These comments followed similar remarks by Eurosceptic Conservative politicians Daniel Hannan and Owen Paterson. Simon Coveney, the Republic of Ireland's Tánaiste (deputy head of government) and Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade, condemned the comments as "not only irresponsible but reckless". Owen Smith, the Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, said the remarks by Hannan, Paterson and Hoey were a "concerted, transparent effort to undermine the GFA... driven by their blind, misplaced faith in Brexit" and were "reckless and utterly wrong".
On 17 July 2018, Hoey was one of five Labour MPs who defied the Labour whip in order to vote with the government on a Brexit amendment, which, if passed, would have required the UK to remain a member of a customs union with the EU in the event of no other arrangements on free trade and no arrangements for no hard border in Ireland. The UK Government was against this amendment, but would have lost the vote without Hoey and the other Labour rebels, who possibly saved the Government from defeat. A few days later their CLP members passed a motion calling for their Labour whip to be withdrawn and for them to become ineligible to be a future Labour parliamentary candidate.
On 3 September 2019, Hoey and John Mann were the only Labour MPs to vote with the Government in an attempt to prevent MPs from taking control of the House in an attempt to block a potential no deal Brexit. In November 2019, Hoey said they would be voting for the Democratic Unionist Party in the December general election in Northern Ireland. They also endorsed the Conservative Party and Boris Johnson, stating that Labour "would not keep faith with the British people".
In June 2021, Hoey claimed that the Republic of Ireland "will probably decide to leave" in the short term following the UK's departure from the EU.
Other interests
Hoey is known for their objection to the Labour Government's ban of fox hunting: a rare position among Labour MPs. On 22 July 2005, they were named the new chairperson of the Countryside Alliance (a British group known for its pro-hunting stance). They said the appointment was a "great honour and a great challenge". The Alliance's headquarters are in Hoey's Vauxhall constituency. This appointment was controversial in the Labour Party as the Countryside Alliance was seen to be behind a campaign to unseat Labour MPs at the 2005 election. Hoey stepped down in 2015 saying "I am sad to be resigning after more than nine years as chairperson of the Countryside Alliance. The organisation has achieved much in that time, but I will always be most proud that having joined when hunting faced such uncertainty, I leave with new generations queuing up to join the hunting field."
Hoey is patron of Roots & Shoots, a vocational training centre for young people in Lambeth.
Hoey has been a trustee of the Outward Bound charity since October 2002.
A vice-president of the Great Britain Wheelchair Basketball Association, Hoey is a supporter of the women's national team and the work of the charity.
In December 2018 they became patron of the Professional Paralegal Register.
In October 2013, Hoey was fined £240 for driving through a red light having previously criticised cyclists as "Lycra louts that run red lights". Hoey wants all cyclists to pay tax and be registered so they have a registration number:
Government and parliamentary positions
Member of Parliament for Vauxhall (1989–2019)
Opposition Spokesperson, Citizen's Charter and Women (1992–1993)
Parliamentary Private Secretary to Frank Field as Minister of State for Welfare Reform, Department of Social Security (1997–1998)
Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for the Home Office (1998–1999)
Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for, Department of Culture, Media and Sport (Minister for Sport) (1999–2001)
Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Select Committee (2019)
Member of the House of Lords (2020–present)
Prime Ministerial Trade Envoy to Ghana (2021-present)
Additionally, Hoey was a member of several select committees during their time as a Member of Parliament, including: the European Scrutiny Committee, the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee, the Public Administration Committee, the Social Security Committee and the Science and Technology Committee.
In popular culture
Hoey's role on the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Select Committee was dramatised in the 2017 verbatim musical Committee: (A New Musical), which retold the downfall of the charity Kids Company and which was first performed at the Donmar Warehouse. Hoey was portrayed by actor Rosemary Ashe.
References
External links
Kate Hoey MP official constituency website
Lambeth Labour Party
London Northern Ireland Supporters Club
Sunday Times Magazine profile, 8 August 1993
Hoey becomes Countryside Alliance Chairman, 22 July 2005
|- style="text-align: center;"
1946 births
21st-century British women politicians
Living people
Alumni of Ulster University
British Eurosceptics
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
International Marxist Group members
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
People educated at the Belfast Royal Academy
Politicians from Belfast
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Ben Lomond, formerly Ben Lomond Mountain, elevation , is a mountain in the North Shore Mountains of southwestern British Columbia, Canada. It is located southeast of the town of Squamish and immediately west of Loch Lomond and was named in association with that lake, both mountain and lake being named in reference to the mountain and lake of that name in Scotland.
Climbing history
The first recorded ascent of Ben Lomond was in 1908 by F. Perry and W. J. Gray.
See also
Ben Lomond
Ben Lomond (disambiguation)
References
One-thousanders of British Columbia
North Shore Mountains
Marie Laura Violet Gayler BSc, DSc, MISI/MIM, HonMBDA (25 March 1891 – 2 August 1976) was an English Metallurgist whose most notable contributions to their field were in the areas of Aluminium alloys and dental amalgams. They spent most of their career at the National Physical Laboratory, where she, along with Miss Isabel Hadfield, were the first women to be appointed as staff in the department of metallurgy.
Early life
Gayler was born in Bristol on 25 March 1891, the youngest of five daughters. Them parents were William Gayler, Director of Stamps and Excise at Somerset House and Ellen Amelia Chrismas, an artist, recipient of the Queen's Gold Medal from the Slade School in 1880 and whose work was exhibited at the Royal Academy.
Education
Gayler was educated at St Mary's School, Gerrards Cross and went on to study Chemistry and Mathematics at Bedford College, London (part of the University of London), graduating with a BSc in 1912.
They went on to gain an MSc in 1922 and, in 1924, became the first woman to attain a DSc in Chemistry from the University of London.
Career
After completing their BSc, they took a post teaching Botany at Colston's School, Bristol, before joining the Metallurgical Department of the National Physical Laboratory (United Kingdom) (NPL) in 1915 where they were one of the first two women to be appointed to Walter Rosenhain's scientific staff. Through their work at NPL, Gayler was elected member of the Institute of Metals in 1917 and member of the Iron and Steel Institute in 1918.
In 1934 Gayler married their NPL colleague Dr. John Leslie Haughton, although they continued to use their maiden name for professional purposes. Although the marriage bar remained in force in the UK civil-service until 1946, Gayler's boss applied for special dispensation and they became one of only 5 women within the civil service to be granted the privilege of being allowed to continue working once married. This was sufficiently significant to be reported in the newspapers at the time.
Research
Gayler's work at NPL alongside Hanson and Haughton established an understanding of the mechanisms of age hardening in the duralumin family of aluminium alloys. This work lay the foundations for the development of Y-alloy, an aluminium alloy containing nickel as well as the copper, magnesium and silicon found in typical duralumin alloys. The addition of nickel improved upon the strength and hardness of age-hardened duralumin at temperatures of 150-200degC, making it ideal for use as a piston material in combustion engines. A Y-alloy was also used as the skin of Concorde to enable it to withstand the temperatures caused by the movement of air over the aircraft when travelling at supersonic speeds.
In 1935, Gayler took-over NPL's work on dental amalgams, developing new metallographic techniques to study the diffusion and reactions within these alloys that govern their setting and hardening behaviour. They were made an honorary member of the British Dental Association in 1947 in recognition of this work.
In addition to their work on duraliumin and dental amalgams, Gayler also conducted noteworthy research on iron-manganese alloys and on the melting points of pure silicon and iron and on the behaviour of mild steel and duralloys for armour-piercing projectiles. In 1947, the Institute of Metals awarded its Platinum Medal jointly to them and their husband.
Retirement
Gayler retired from NPL in 1947 at the age of 56 and used their retirement to devote more time to their interest in sculpture. They sculpted the head of renowned Professor William Hume-Rothery which stands in the library of the Department of Materials at Oxford University.
Marie Laura Violet Gayler died in Winchester in 1976.
Awards and honours
1947 Institute of Metals Platinum Medal
1947 British Dental Association honorary membership
References
1891 births
1976 deaths
English metallurgists
National Physical Laboratory (United Kingdom)
Engineers from Bristol
Patricia Stephens may refer to:
Patricia Stephens Due, African-American civil rights activist
Patricia Stephens (badminton), American badminton player
Merlin's Oak, also known as the Old Oak, Querecus Robur, and Priory Oak, is an oak tree that once stood on the corner of Oak Lane and Priory Street in Carmarthen, South Wales. Merlin's Oak is associated with the legend of Merlin in the local lore, but it was probably planted by a schoolmaster in 1659 or 1660, to celebrate the return of King Charles II of England to the throne. Legend had it that if the oak fell, disaster would befall the town.
History
The tree was know to the local as the Querecus Robur, has been also called as the Merlin's Oak or the Priory Oak. According to a tradition, Carmarthen, where the tree is located, is the birthplace of, Merlin, the mythical magician. It is said that Merlin has made the following prophecy:
According to another version of the prophecy, the town of Carmarthen will flood or drown if the oak falls. During the years, generations of town councilors have worked much to maintain this tree, despite the fact that it was inconveniently situated in the traffic, presumably figuring that "it is better to be safe than sorry." The origin of the Oak is not clear, though the tree is reported to have sprung from an acorn planted in 1659 by a master called Adams from the Queen Elizabeth Grammar School, who is thought to be an ancestor of the American President of the same name. Adams planted the acorn to commemorate King Charles II of England's restoration to the throne.
It is also possible that the tree was formerly positioned in the grounds of the medieval Carmarthen Priory. The planting location is just approximately 91 meters north-west of the former gatehouse priory, which may reflect why the tree is sometimes referred to as the Priory Oak. As the previous priory's properties were converted via building construction and new roads around the old tree, it essentially became a tree street in the middle of this crowded market town.
In the early 19th century, a local man appears to have poisoned the tree. It is reported that the poisoning was done by a nearby shopkeeper who objected to the age-old tradition of people gathering under its spreading branches on days and nights and the oak is believed to have died in 1856. Because of the prophecy relating the tree's destiny to the fate of the town, the council members refused to consider cutting the dead tree. Then, as traffic levels rose, the space around the tree was converted into a traffic island. In 1951, a branch was broken off the dead tree; this fragment can still be seen in Carmarthenshire County Museum. In 1978, the last fragment of the tree's stump was removed from its original place, to help the traffic flow at a busy junction.
Legacy
The Old Oak is now displayed in Saint Peter's Civic Hall in Nott Square, Carmarthen. A replacement tree was planted at the same site in 2009.
See also
List of individual trees
References
Locations associated with Arthurian legend
Welsh mythology
Individual oak trees
Carmarthenshire
1850s individual tree deaths
Individual trees in Wales
Superstitions of Great Britain
Destroyed individual trees
T. Inglis Moore (1901-1978) was an Australian writer, anthologist and academic who was born in Camden, New South Wales.
Moore was the fifth of seven children and was educated at Sydney Grammar School and University of Sydney where they received a B.A. in 1923, graduating with first-class honours in English, history and philosophy. They were awarded a James King of Irrawang travelling scholarship and studied politics, philosophy and economics at The Queen's College, Oxford receiving a B.A. in 1926 and an M.A. in 1933. In 1927 they married Peace Flavelle Little stepsister/cousin of Elaine Marjory Little they had one child Pacita in 1934
Moore taught in universities in Iowa and the Philippines before returning to Sydney in 1931, where they taught at the university. From 1934-1940 they were a leader-writer and literary reviewer for The Sydney Morning Herald, before enlisting in the Australian Imperial Force in July 1940. After the war they taught at Canberra University College, which was later amalgamated with the Australian National University. They were promoted to associate professor in 1959, and retired in 1966.
Moore was a member of the advisory board of the Commonwealth Literary Fund from 1945 to 1971 and was a passionate supporter of Australian literature. During their working life they published collections of poetry, gave talks for the Australian Broadcasting Commission on literary topics, wrote reviews and critical articles, and edited anthologies of Australian short stories and poetry.
They died in Canberra in 1978.
Bibliography
Novels
Poetry
Collections
Adagio in Blue : Poems (1938)
Emu Parade : Poems from Camp (1941)
Bayonet and Glass (1957)
Edited anthologies
Best Australian One-Act Plays (1937) compiled with William Moore
Australian Poetry, 1946 (1946) poetry anthology
Australia Writes (1953) poetry and fiction anthology
Selected Poems of Henry Kendall (1957)
Henry Kendall (1963) poetry of Henry Kendall
From the Ballads to Brennan (1964) poetry anthology
Non-fiction
Rolf Boldrewood (1968) biography
Social Patterns in Australian Literature (1971) criticism
Six Australian Poets (1942) criticism and biography
The Misfortunes of Henry Handel Richardson (1957) criticism
Mary Gilmore : A Tribute (1965) edited with Barrie Ovenden and Dymphna Cusack
Letters of Mary Gilmore (1980) edited with W. H. Wilde
The Australia Book : The Portrait of a Nation by Our Greatest Writers (1982)
References
1901 births
1978 deaths
20th-century Australian writers
Meanjin people
FC AK is a South African football club from the West Rand, Johannesburg which was established in 2006. Although the club has been playing its home fixtures at the Eldorado Park Stadium, the club relocated to its place of origin in March 2013. Its motto is "Soli Deo Nissi", translated in English to "In God We Trust".
The club has established strategic partnerships with community based enterprises and professional agencies, and with community based football associations and youth development academies in the West Rand, such as Florida Albion Football Club who currently participate in the Castle League and Bosmont Local Football Association, who focus on youth development programmes for Under 9, 11, 15, 19, as part of their youth development skills transfer and skill development programme.
To further position the club within the West Rand community, from the 2013/2014 season, FC AK planned to occupy the Bill Jardine Stadium in the West Rand as its home ground, to host its home fixtures. The stadium is also home to the Raiders Rugby Club Franchise.
Honours
2009—10 Vodacom League Gauteng Stream champions
2009—10 Vodacom League National Play-offs winners
2007—08 Winners of the National First Division Promotion Play-Off's
2007—08 Winners of the National First Division Inland Stream
2006—07 Participated in the Baymed Cup Finals
External links
Premier Soccer League
NFD Club Info
FCAK
National First Division clubs
Soccer clubs in Johannesburg
Association football clubs established in 2006
SAFA Second Division clubs
2006 establishments in South Africa
Thomas Robert Moxham (1 April 1860 – 11 January 1916) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Parramatta to storekeeper Robert Henry Moxham and Martha Dick. They attended the local All Saints denominational school before joining their brother William in a quarrying business. They also had interests in horse trading, orchards and property. In 1883 they married Mary Agnes Somers at Newcastle; they had five children. They were an alderman on Parramatta Council from 1886 to 1901, serving as mayor from 1897. In 1901 they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Parramatta, representing the Liberal Party. They were party whip from 1913 until their death at Parramatta in 1916.
References
1860 births
1916 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
People from Parramatta
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Parramatta
New South Wales local councillors
Davol School is a historic school at 112 Flint Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1892 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The eight room elementary schoolhouse was designed by notable city architect Joseph M. Darling, on the same plan as Connell School located on Plymouth Avenue. The brick Romanesque Revival structure is two stories in height, with a projecting entry section that is topped by a square tower with an open belfry and pyramidal roof. The school was built during a major expansion of the school system, increasing the number of classrooms by 20%.
The school was closed by the city in 2007.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
The Basin League was an independent collegiate minor league, that operated from 1953 to 1973, featuring teams primarily from South Dakota and one from Nebraska. The league name reflected the number of teams situated along the Missouri River Basin. The league roster structure evolved from having some professional players to totally being amateur. The Basin League was a pioneer of what is known today as collegiate summer baseball.
Over 100 future major league players played in the Basin League, among them Baseball Hall of Fame members Bob Gibson, Jim Palmer and Don Sutton.
History
The Basin League was established in 1953 with a roster of South Dakota franchises and one nearby Nebraska team. Teams in Chamberlain (Chamberlain Chiefs), Mitchell (Mitchell Kernels), Pierre (Pierre Cowboys), Winner (Winner Pheasants), as well as Valentine, Nebraska (Valentine Hearts) were the charter franchises. The league's moniker reflected the number of franchise cities situated along the Missouri River Basin. The Pierre Cowboys played in all 21 seasons of the league's existence.
As the Basin League began play in 1953, team rosters were a mix of professional players and amateurs (upper high school and collegiate players). The Basin League later became exclusively amateur, evolving into what is known today as collegiate summer baseball.
In 1954, the league expanded, as Huron (Huron Elks), Watertown (Watertown Lake Sox) and Yankton (Yankton Terrys) entered the league as expansion franchises.
In 1955, the League ran an advertisement in The Sporting News seeking players. In the April 6, 1955 edition of "The Sporting News": "Class A Players Wanted - For fast semipro Basin League. Capable of playing Class A ball. Write 712 Capital, Yankton, S.D."
In 1958, the league split the season into two halves, with each half winner meeting for the league championship. The Basin League returned to full season play in 1959.
As the league grew the late 1950s, a few Basin League teams were assigned a "'parent" major league club and received equipment and support. The Rapid City Chiefs were assigned to the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Sturgis Titans were assigned to the Boston Red Sox and the Pierre Cowboys were assigned to the Cleveland Indians. While a positive for those franchises, it created an imbalance in support for the other league teams without a sponsoring parent club.
To support their Basin League teams, new stadiums were built in Rapid City and Sturgis, when both teams joined the league as expansion teams in 1957 and 1961 respectively.
The Basin League roster structure changed in 1960. Teams were limited to three professional players per team. In 1961, the number of professionals per team was reduced from three to two. Then, in 1962, none were allowed. Professionals were allowed to manage. But by 1964, professional managers were also excluded. Amateur umpires were used by the league from 1953 to 1960.
From 1962 through 1967, the Basin League received regular national coverage in the weekly publication "The Sporting News." The Sporting News covered the Basin League, as they did with lower minor professional leagues. In 1966, the Basin League amateur talent pool was damaged when the NCAA ruled that NCAA college seniors could no longer play in the league.
To keep their amateur status, most Basin League players received approximately $200-$500 for the summer season, with the pay received for working 'odd jobs' in the local communities. Players often worked for the city recreation departments maintaining public facilities and baseball fields.
The Basin League ceased operations after the 1973 season. The growth of youth baseball had created conflicts for fans. The NCAA had put restrictions on the league, while at the same time, major league teams were reexamining player development resources. The four league teams remaining in the final 1973 season were the Chamberlain Mallards, Pierre Cowboys, Rapid City Chiefs and Sturgis Titans.
In its duration, the league was supported and promoted through the Black Hills Sports Inc. Presidents of the organization were Al Steinmetz from 1955 to 1960, followed by Cal Ackerman in 1961, Bill Baumgartner in 1962, Milo Brekhus in 1963 and Neil Simpson in 1964. Floyd Fitzgerald 1965 to 1973. R.M. 'Bus' Walseth of Pierre, served as league commissioner.
For a time, the Basin League was touted as the best summer college league in the country. Comparable leagues included the Cape Cod League and the Alaska Baseball League.
League Franchises/Titles
Basin League ballparks
Chamberlain Chiefs/Mallards (1953–1956, 1968–1973). Greig Field. The ballpark is still in use today.
Huron Elks (1954–1962). Memorial Ballpark Stadium. The ballpark also hosted the Huron Cubs and Huron Phillies minor league teams.
Mitchell Kernels (1953–1960). Kernel Park. Kernel Park was located adjacent to Joe Quintal Field, which is still in use today as home to Mitchell High School teams.
Mobridge Lakers (1966-1972). Mobridge Field. The field is still in use and known as the American Legion Memorial Park.
Pierre Cowboys, (1953–1973). Hyde Stadium. Hyde Stadium is still in use and is located near the state capitol and governor's mansion.
Rapid City Chiefs (1957–1973). Sioux Park Stadium. Sioux Park Stadium was built specifically for the Chiefs in 1957 and is still in use after being renamed Fitzgerald Stadium.
Sioux Falls Packers (1964–1965). Sioux Falls Stadium. Sioux Falls Stadium was built in 1941 and was nicknamed "The Birdcage." The ballpark is still in use and has been remodeled as home to the Sioux Falls Canaries.
Sturgis Titans (1961–1973). Strong Field. Built in 1951, Titan Field was renamed Strong Field in 1967 after the contractor who led the movement to build the facility. It is still in use today for the Sturgis Titans high school teams and American Legion teams.
Watertown Lake Sox (1954–1962). Watertown Stadium. Watertown Stadium later became the home of the minor league Watertown Expos and is still in use today.
Winner Pheasants (1953–1957). Leahy Bowl. The Leahy Bowl was named for Winner native Frank Leahy, legendary football coach at Notre Dame University. The baseball field is still in use today.
Yankton Terrys (1954–1959). Riverside Field. The Ballpark is still in use today as home to the Mount Marty College baseball team. It has been renamed Bob Tereshinski Stadium at Riverside Field after former MMC baseball coach Bob Tereshinski.
Valentine Hearts (1953–1967). Veterans Memorial Field. Veterans Memorial Field is still in use today as home to American Legion baseball.
Notable Basin League alumni
Baseball Hall of Fame alumni
Bob Gibson, Chamberlain Chiefs (1956–1957) Inducted, 1981
Pat Gillick, Valentine Hearts (1956–1957) Inducted, 2011
Jim Palmer, Winner Pheasants (1963) Inducted, 1990
Don Sutton, Sioux Falls Packers (1964) Inducted, 1998
Major League/notable alumni
Key:** Denotes MLB All-Star
PIERRE COWBOYS (32): Craig Anderson, Gary Beare, Steve Boros, Tom Brown, Mike Caldwell, Mike Cubbage, John DeMerit, Bill Dillman, **Johnny Edwards, **Sammy Ellis, Matt Galante, Carroll Hardy, Jim Howarth, John Herrnstein, Jake Jacobs, Dave Lemonds, John Lowenstein (Baltimore Orioles Hall of Fame), Larry Burchart, Ty Cline, Bill Haywood, Rick Lysander, Mike Pazik, Greg Pryor, Bill Roman, Mac Scarce, Bill Scripture, Ken Tatum, **Kent Tekulve, Del Unser, Milt Welch, Woody Woodward, **Geoff Zahn.
RAPID CITY CHIEFS (29): Gary Adams, **Stan Bahnsen (1968 AL Rookie of the Year), Dave Baldwin, Tom Belcher, Bill Bethea, Dick Billings, Randy Brown, Lou Camilli, **Dave Collins, Sam Ewing, Jim Fairey, Rich Hacker, Gary Holman, **Frank Howard (Washington Nationals Ring of Honor), Jim Johnson, Rick Kester, Joe Lutz, Jim McAndrew, Gary Moore, Dennis Musgraves, Pat Osburn, Steve Renko, Kal Segrist, Charlie Shoemaker, Bart Shirley, Floyd Temple (MGR), Danny Thompson, Gary Wheelock, Nick Willhite.
STURGIS TITANS (27): Gary Allenson, Gene Ammann, Bob Baird, Frank Baker, Larry Bearnarth, Dave Campbell, Shaun Fitzmaurice, Jim French, Rusty Gerhardt, Ben Hines, Dick Joyce, Stu Locklin, Nick Leyva, Jim Miles, Dave Moates, Willie Norwood, Mike Proly, **Dan Quisenberry (Kansas City Royals Hall of Fame ), Bob Reed, Glenn Redmon, Dick Selma, John Sevcik, Tommy Smith, Ted Sizemore (1968 NL Rookie of the Year), Luke Walker, Jimy Williams (1999 AL Manager of the Year).
WINNER PHEASANTS (18): Dick Bertell, Steve Blateric, Jim Burton, Pete Craig, Bill Faul, Purnal Goldy, Bobby Floyd, Gary Gentry, Rocky Krsnich, Don Lee, Mickey Livingston (MGR), **Jim Lonborg (1967 AL Cy Young Award Winner), Tom Lundstedt, Carl Morton (1970 NL Rookie of the Year), **Mickey Owen (MGR), John Noriega, Tony Ordeñana, **Jim Palmer, Merv Rettenmund, Ted Schreiber, Ed Spiezio.
WATERTOWN LAKE SOX (13): Dennis Aust, Howie Bedell, Bill Davis, Cal Emery, Purnal Goldy, **Dick Howser (MGR- 1985 World Champion KC Royals), Chuck Lindstrom, Ron Perranoski, **Dick Radatz, Dick Ricketts (First pick, 1955 NBA draft), Kermit Wahl, Don Wallace, Eddie Watt (Baltimore Orioles Hall of Fame).
VALENTINE HEARTS (10): Al Closter, Duffy Dyer, Pat Gillick, Lou Marone, Chuck Dobson, Joe Keough, Al Montreuil, Scott Reid, Dave Robinson, **Paul Splittorff (Kansas City Royals Hall of Fame ), Ken Suarez, Bill Zepp.
MITCHELL KERNELS (9): Frank Carpin, Doug Clemens, **Eddie Fisher, Dick Green, **Dave Giusti,**Randy Gumpert, Dean Look, **Jim O'Toole (Cincinnati Reds Hall of Fame), **Don Schwall.
CHAMBERLAIN CHIEFS/MALLARDS (7): Bob Apodaca, Bobby Cuellar, **Bob Gibson, Tom Harmon, Jim Lentine, John Littlefield (MGR), Mickey O'Neil, **John Stearns.
HURON ELKS (7): Jerry Adair, Jack Brittin, Fritz Fisher, Mike Joyce, Frank Kreutzer, Gary Wagner, Johnny Watson.
YANKTON TERRYS (6): Ed Hobaugh, Rex Johnston, Bobby Klaus, Bill Lajoie, Marv Olson, (MGR), Norm Stewart (College Basketball Hall of Fame).
MOBRIDGE LAKERS (4): Derek Bryant, Ron Cash, Gene Hiser, Del Youngblood (MGR).
SIOUX FALLS PACKERS (4): Al Schmelz, **Don Sutton, Jon Warden, **Clyde Wright.
HURON ELKS (3): Phil Haugstad, Bobby Klaus, Dave Thies.
References
Summer baseball leagues
College baseball leagues in the United States
Baseball leagues in South Dakota
Baseball leagues in Nebraska
Defunct independent baseball leagues in the United States
Sport leagues established in 1953
Sport leagues disestablished in 1973
Defunct minor baseball leagues in the United States
The 2014 Canadian Tire National Skating Championships was held from January 9 to 15, 2014 at the Canadian Tire Centre, then-named Scotiabank Place. The event determines the national champions of Canada and was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body as well as sponsored by Canadian Tire. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, women's singles, pair skating, and ice dancing on the senior, junior, and novice levels. Although the official International Skating Union terminology for female skaters in the singles category is ladies, Skate Canada uses women officially. The results of this competition are among the selection criteria for the 2014 Winter Olympics, 2014 World Championships, the 2014 Four Continents Championships, and the 2014 World Junior Championships.
In December 2012, it was announced that Ottawa, Ontario would host the 100th anniversary event.
Senior results
Men
Women
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Women
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Women
Pairs
Ice dancing
International team selections
Winter Olympics
The Olympic team was announced on January 12, 2014:
Four Continents Championships
Skate Canada announced the Canadian team to the 2014 Four Continents Championships on January 20, 2014:
World Junior Championships
Skate Canada announced the Canadian team to the 2014 World Junior Championships on Mar 7, 2014:
World Championships
Skate Canada announced the Canadian team to the 2014 World Championships on Mar 20, 2014:
References
External links
2014 Canadian Figure Skating Championships results at Skate Canada
Skate Canada
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Sports competitions in Ottawa
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
2010s in Ottawa
Baselios Sakralla 3rd of Aleppo was the Maphriyano (Catholicos) of the Syriac Orthodox Church of the East from 1748 to 1760.
Maphriyano Sakralla came to India in 1751 and was buried at Kandanad Marth Mariyam Church in 1764 AD.
They were declared a Saint by the Patriarch of the Syriac Orthodox Church in 2008.
References
Syriac Orthodox Church saints
1764 deaths
People from Aleppo
18th-century Oriental Orthodox archbishops
Maphrians
18th-century people of the Ottoman Empire
Oriental Orthodox bishops in the Ottoman Empire
Northern Nigeria (Hausa: Arewacin Najeriya) was a British protectorate which lasted from 1900 until 1914 and covered the northern part of what is now Nigeria.
The protectorate spanned and included the emirates of the Sokoto Caliphate and parts of the former Bornu Empire, conquered in 1902. The first High Commissioner of the protectorate was Frederick Lugard, who suppressed slavery and tribal raiding and created a system of administration built around native authorities.
The Protectorate was ended on 1 January 1914, when its area was unified with the Southern Nigeria Protectorate and the Lagos Colony, becoming the Northern Province of the Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria.
Foundation
The Berlin Conference of 1884 and 1885 provided the area that would become the Northern Nigeria Protectorate to the British. The Royal Niger Company was formed in 1886 with George Taubman Goldie as the vice governor. The Company moved in-land and negotiated trade agreements and political agreements, sometimes coercive, with several local chieftains. In 1897, Frederick Lugard was the appointed head of the West African Frontier Force which was tasked with stopping Fulani resistance and possible French incursions in the northwest area.
On 1 January 1900, the Royal Niger Company's charter was revoked and the British government took control, in a ceremony where Lugard read the proclamation. The Royal Niger Company was paid £865,000 and was given the rights to half of all mining revenue in a large part of the areas for 99 years in exchange for ceding the territory to the British government. Lugard was appointed the High Commissioner of the newly created Northern Nigeria Protectorate. Lokoja was the capital from 1900, but Zungeru became the headquarters for the protectorate in 1902 because it was the most northerly city accessible by river transport.
Military campaign
Military operations began in 1902 and continued for about five years of sporadic fighting. The remnants of the Bornu Empire were conquered in 1902 and the Sokoto Caliphate and was defeated in the Battle of Kano. Fighting continued in 1904 in Bassa.In 1906, a Mahdist rebellion broke out outside the city of Sokoto in the village of Satiru. Elements of the Royal West African Frontier Force were dispatched to suppress the rebellion; upon hearing news of what had transpired, Muhammadu Attahiru II dispatched a mixed force of 300 Sokoto cavalry and infantry led by Mallam Isa to join them. The combined force successfully suppressed the rebellion, which marked the last major instance of armed resistance to British rule in the region. After 1907 there were fewer revolts and use of military force by the British and the focus of the High Commissioner turned toward taxation and administration.
Administration
The British Administration began with Frederick Lugard as the first High Commissioner. In 1907, Lugard left Nigeria for Hong Kong and Percy Girouard became the new High Commissioner. Girouard had a long history of rail construction in Canada and Africa and was tasked with substantial railroad construction in the Protectorate. In 1909, Henry Hesketh Bell, the governor of the Uganda Protectorate was appointed high commissioner. In 1912, it was estimated that the area of Northern Nigeria was approximately and had a population of about 10 million people. Charles Lindsay Temple became the acting Head Commissioner in 1911 and 1912 and began overseeing, with close collaboration with Lugard, the creation of the Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria
One defining characteristic of administration in Northern Nigeria Protectorate was the inclusion of chiefs and emirs as "native authorities" fitting into British administration. Taxation proved very difficult in the protectorate for the first years of British rule. Lugard's attempts to institute poll taxes were foiled by the Emirates, the need to introduce coin controversy and attempts to tax trade were opposed by powerful merchants. This created a substantial deficit in the budget of the Protectorate and public works projects had to be paid by grants from the British Empire. As a result, the British often had significant shortages of British personnel before 1907. These pragmatic concerns resulted in incorporation of the traditional authorities within the British structure.
These same financial and administrative challenges resulted in discussions led by Lugard for the unification of the Lagos Colony, the Southern Nigeria Protectorate, and Northern Nigeria. The disparities between the protectorates was to be corrected by creating a central administration in Lagos, with custom revenues from the south paying for the projects in the north. The unified Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria began in 1914 and had two lieutenant governors with one responsible for the area of the southern province and another responsible for the northern province. The administration in the north remained largely separate and included and deepened the use of native authorities. These divisions have been found to persist in many respects to this day.
See also
British West Africa
Northern Nigeria Gazette
Scramble for Africa
Sir Richmond Palmer
References
External links
The British Empire – Northern Nigeria
Colonial Nigeria
History of Northern Nigeria
British West Africa
Former British colonies and protectorates in Africa
History of Lagos
History of Nigeria
Former Nigerian administrative divisions
1900s in Nigeria
1910s in Nigeria
States and territories established in 1900
States and territories disestablished in 1914
1914 disestablishments in Nigeria
1900 establishments in the British Empire
1914 disestablishments in the British Empire
British colonisation in Africa
Nigeria, Northern
HMS Tattoo was an of the Royal Navy during the Second World War. They were laid down by Gulf Shipbuilding Corporation (Chickasaw, Alabama) on 8 June 1942 as BAM-32 and launched on 27 January 1943. They were transferred to the Royal Navy and commissioned as HMS Tattoo on 26 October 1943.
Tattoo served for part of World War II patrolling off Iceland. At one point, they returned to Britain for repairs to a fouled propeller.
They returned to the United States in 1947, sold to the Turkish Navy in March 1947 as a survey ship and renamed TCG Çarşamba (AGS-1, later A-594).
They were stricken from the Naval Register in 1985.
References
External links
Flickr
uboat.net
NavSource
MaritimeQuest
Auk-class minesweepers
1943 ships
Ships built in Chickasaw, Alabama
Catherine-class minesweepers
World War II minesweepers of the United Kingdom
Ships transferred from the United States Navy to the Turkish Navy
Polytheclus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
The United States Military Academy Band, West Point, New York is the first CD, digital format album released exclusively by The United States Military Academy Concert Band and Jazz Knights big band.
Background
The West Point Band (U.S.M.A. Band) has a consistent tradition of high level musicians coming from the best professional groups and music schools in the country to include the Juilliard School, Curtis Institute, University of North Texas, University of Indiana, Berklee College of Music, Eastman School of Music, and others. These musicians serve in the United States Army stationed at the United States Military Academy in a permanent duty "Special Bands" assignment and receive the immediate rank of NCO (Staff Sergeant with special MOS). This U.S. Army unit has a long and distinguished tradition dating back to 1778; it is the U.S. Army's oldest active band and the oldest unit at the United States Military Academy. It was officially named The West Point Band in 1817.
The two groups recorded on the CD are entirely separate as concertizing units and having no crossover of musicians from ensemble to ensemble; this helps to retain a very high level of both ensembles' musicianship and expertise. They do combine into a marching band for Cadet reviews/activities and many other ceremonial military functions as per the unit's SOP.
The Concert Band and the Jazz Knights have appeared in numerous high level military and patriotic ceremonies, public concerts, sporting events and radio and television broadcasts. They performed at the dedication of the Erie Canal, at the Chicago and New York World's Fairs, and for the funerals of Ulysses S. Grant and Franklin D. Roosevelt as well as the inaugurations and burials for numerous presidents. Additionally, the Concert Band and Jazz Knights have collaborated with some of the finest musical ensembles in the country, including the New York Philharmonic and the Boston Pops; they have also been showcased in Carnegie Hall and featured on The Today Show, 60 Minutes, Dateline NBC as well as on documentaries on the History and Discovery Channels.
During the time of this CD recording, the concert band and marching band were featured on the Songs of the Civil War CD (for Columbia Records) and television program; 1991/1992 telecast on PBS. The band also played the military honors for President Richard Nixon's burial (New York stretch before flight to Yorba Linda, California). The Jazz Knights were featured on the A&E Network as part of the Boston Pops 4th of July Celebration during this time (for two years).
About the music
When they assumed command in 1990, LTC Frank G. Dubuy wanted artistic documentation on a unique CD of the entire musical unit in terms of the two concertizing ensembles. One of the elements Dubuy saw lacking with the U.S.M.A. Concert Band and Jazz Knights is the fact there was no good recording of the recent U.S.M.A. groups (early 1990s). Dubuy met with the command staff about music to be recorded and picked the best possible works reflecting the present state of the groups and history embedded into the West Point Band music library and lineage.
The Concert Band recorded the opening and third movements of the Nelhýbel Concerto for Winds and Percussion as an important tribute to, and documentation of Václav Nelhýbel's close association to the West Point Band. Nelhýbel as well as Robert Russell Bennett, Morton Gould, Darius Milhaud, Percy Grainger, Henry Brandt and several other important wind band composers have written for the West Point Band over the last 150 years. The two Sousa works contrast the famous march style of the composer (Fairest of the Fair) against their programmatic music (Beneath the Southern Cross). The set of concert band recordings is rounded out with the Haydn Concerto for Oboe (Allegro Spiritoso) and the Peter Buys work Huntingdon Municipal Band March.
The entire set of eight charts the Jazz Knights recorded for these sessions were written and arranged by the three staff writers for the ensemble: Jim Perry, Jack Cooper and Paul Murtha (with an original tune by the guitarist Rob Helsel).
Track listing
Recording sessions
Recorded and mixed: 1991–93 U.S.M.A. Band Building, West Point, New York
Personnel
Musicians
The U.S.M.A. Concert Band
Conductor (and commander of entire unit): LTC Frank G. Dubuy
Flute: SFC Lynn Cunningham, SSG William Treat, SSG Julie Hill
Oboe and English Horn: SGM Derek Brinkman, MSG Joel Evans
Eb Clarinet: SSG Rachel Grasso
Clarinet: SGM James McKelvey, SFC Harold Easley, SFC Terence Rice, SSG Jeffrey Geller, SSG Barry Messer, SSG John Parrette, SSG Allan Plumb, SGT Chris Jones
Bass Clarinet: SFC David Hydock, SFC Joseph Mariany
Bassoon: MSG Kelvin Hill, SSG Christian Eberle
Saxophone: MSG Joseph Foris, SFC Andrew Huson, SSG Gary McCourry, SSG Daniel Teare
Cornet/trumpet: SGM John Sartoris, MSG William Connelly, MSG Michael Doyle, SFC Richard Storey, SSG Gregory Alley, SSG Robert Smither
French Horn: MSG William Powell, SFC Joseph DeMers, SFC Dick Maxwell, SSG Harry Ditzel, SGT LaDonna Swetnam
Trombone: MSG Steven Satone, SSG Gerard Amoury, SSG Jeffrey Slocum, SGT Martin Tyce
Euphonium: SFC Joan Follis, SSG Barry Morrison
Tuba: SFC Joseph Roccaro, SSG Gerald Cates, SSG Thomas Price, SGT John Reimund
Percussion: SGM David Smith, SFC Andrew Csisack, SFC Warren Gallic, SSG Howard Potter, SSG Robert Ward
The Jazz Knights
Conductor: CW2 Louis Letson
Saxes and woodwinds: SFC Bryson Borgstedt, SSG Larry Wade, SFC Jim Perry, SSG Jack Cooper, SFC Greg Stegura
Trumpets and flugelhorns: SSG Paul duBois, SFC Robert "Woody" Dotson, SFC Don Winslow, SGM Ron Seitz
Trombones: SSG Doug Remine, SSG Harvey Tibbs, SGT James Way, SGT Matt Ingman
Guitar: SSG Rob Helsel
Piano: SFC Dave Horne
Bass: SSG Lou Pappas
Drums: MSG Ron Harsch
Percussion: SFC Andy Cossack
Vocalist: SGT Jeanette Hicks
Production
Recording engineers: SGT Mark Ferguson and SGT Bruce Cain
Mixing engineers: SGT Mark Ferguson and SGT Bruce Cain
Production coordinator: SFC Joseph Roccaro
Mastering: Mark Records
Cover photo: file
Print music from the CD
Fairest of the Fair is published by C.L. Barnhouse Comp.
Beneath The Southern Cross is published by C.L. Barnhouse Comp.
Huntingdon Municipal Band March is published by C.L. Barnhouse Comp.
Bells and Whistles is published by UNC Jazz Press
Mr. Earl's Pleasure Palace is published by UNC Jazz Press
See also
West Point Band
The Jazz Knights
U.S. Army Special Bands
United States Military Academy
References
External links
The United States Military Academy Band, West Point, New York, OFFICIAL WEBSITE
United States Army Bands, U.S.M.A. Band
West Point Band, XII° Congrès Mondial du Saxophone, qui se tiendra du 5 au 9 Juillet 2000, Montréal, Québec, Canada.
The Jazz Knights Podcast Trailer
1993 albums
Military music
Jazz albums by American artists
Big band albums
United States Military Academy
Radical 91 or radical slice () meaning "slice" or "film" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 77 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 84th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Variant forms
This radical character takes different forms in Taiwan and in other regions. In Taiwan's Standard Form of National Characters, the second (vertical) stroke and the third (horizontal) stroke share the same ending point, while in other standards, the second stroke ends at the middle of the third stroke.
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+7247
091
084
Ravi S. Naik (born 18 September 1946) is a former chief minister and Bharatiya Janata Party politician in Goa, India. They started their career on the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party.
Early life
They were born on 18 September 1946 in Ponda, Goa. Their father is Sitaram Naik.
Their biodata lists them as an "agriculturist, political and social worker", and their home is in the central Goa sub-district of Ponda. Their "favourite pastime and recreation" activities are listed as gardening, music, reading and watching TV, while their "special interest" is listed as social service.
Ravi Naik has been the lone legislator in Goa who was a national volleyball player. They have been chief minister for just a six-day stint in 1994 (when they were controversially appointed by the then Governor). They play badminton, and according to the Times of India they "began their career by owning a bar and restaurant in Ponda".
Political role
Stint as Chief Minister
Naik contested their first elections in 1980 on a Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party ticket, but lost. After quitting that party in 1991, they became the state's chief minister then and again in 1994.
They have been a member of the Goa Legislative Assembly since 1984, but not continuously. In 1990, they were part of the team which topped the then ruling Congress party, leading to intercine political instability that dominated much of that decade and more.
Besides chairing committees in the Goa Assembly, they have also been a cabinet minister at the regional (Goa) level holding—at different times—the portfolios of Agriculture, Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Services, Information & Publicity, Home, Town & Country Planning, Personnel, General Administration, Vigilance, Finance, PWD, Housing, Science and Technology and Printing & Stationery.
Naik lost the 2012 elections to Lavoo Mamledar of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party.
According to the official website of the Goa Assembly, they won the 2007 elections on an Indian National Congress ticket from the Ponda constituency, where a total of 24557 votes were polled. Naik received 9972 votes, and won by a margin of 1656 votes. They also won the 2002 Assembly elections (Ponda, 1320 votes margin), and the 1989 elections (Madkai, 1651 votes margin).
Ravi Naik was elected again to the Goa Assembly in the state election of 2017, this time with a margin of 3000 votes.  They are a member of five member Congress Legislative Party (CLP) of Goa and remained with the party during the two-thirds split in the CLP in 2019 where 10 MLAs defected to the ruling BJP.
National Parliament, Goa opposition, Deputy Chief Minister
In 1998, after a loss in local politics, they were elected to the national Indian parliament. In 1999, they took over as Leader of the Goa Opposition, and between 2000 and 2002 they were Deputy Chief Minister in the then Bharatiya Janata Party government in Goa. "I have not been in elections from yesterday or today. I've been in politics since 1967... and we were against the merger (of Goa into Maharashtra)," Naik said (in Konkani) in the Prudent TV interview below.
Their son Roy Naik has also been involved in local politics.
Controversies
In an interview with Prudent TV (see link below), they defended their handling of the police in Goa, which had come in for sharp criticism during their tenure at their helm as Home Minister.
Their ascent to power for their first tenure in 1990-91 was questioned in a Supreme Court of India case (see link below) over their assumption to power with Indian National Congress support, apparently because of the disqualification they were facing.
The then opposition BJP made allegations against Naik and their son Roy Naik of involvement with the coastal illegal narcotic trade. Opposition politicians and a section of the media highlighted charges by Swedish model Lucky Farmhouse which suggested the Naik or their kin were someway connected with the narcotics controversy.
See also
List of Bhandaris
References
External links
Goa Legislative Assembly official website, page of Ravi S. Naik
Ravi S. Naik vs Union Of India on 9 February 1994 -- Supreme Court of India
Ravi S. Naik, biodata
Ravi S. Naik, election interview 2012 with goasamachardotcom, in Hindi
Prudent TV interview with Ravi S. Naik, in Konkani
Former members of Indian National Congress from Goa
Chief Ministers of Goa
United Progressive Alliance candidates in the 2014 Indian general election
Deputy chief ministers of Goa
1947 births
Living people
Chief ministers from Indian National Congress
People from North Goa district
Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party politicians
Goa MLAs 2017–2022
Lok Sabha members from Goa
India MPs 1998–1999
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Goa
Goa MLAs 1984–1989
Goa MLAs 1989–1994
Goa MLAs 1999–2002
Goa MLAs 2022–2027
Anis Ahmad Kaimkhani (Urdu: انیس قائمخانی born: 5 October) is a Pakistani politician who is the current president and founder of Pak Sarzameen Party,
Family and personal life
Early life and education
Anis Kaimkhani was born on 5 October in Hyderabad, Pakistan where they also received their early education.
Their father was Hidayat Ali Khan who died in December 2012.
Political career
Working with MQM
Kaimkhani joined MQM in 1985 and rose to the position of unit in charge within two years. Then in 1987 they became the Unit-Incharge. In 1992 they were promoted to the rank of Zonal Incharge Hyderabad. Afterwards they were inducted into party's central co-ordination, Rabita Committee.
Rabita Committee
In 2011 Altaf Hussain, the chief of the MQM, selected Kaimkhani to be Rabita Committee's deputy convener. The party gave them many responsibilities in 2013 after which they were deducted. They were the former deputy convener of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM). Then they left the party and stayed with Mustafa Kamal out of Pakistan. They stayed there for three years
Comeback and formation of Pak Sarzameen Party
Anis Kaimkhani, along with Syed Mustafa Kamal, returned to Karachi on 3 March 2016 holding a press conference in a rented house at Khayaban e Sahar in Defence phase 6 Karachi on the same day at 3:00 PM. They both founded a party which was called Pak Sarzameen Party. Kamal became the chairperson while Kaimkhani became the president.
Later on in January 2018, before the 2018 Pakistan general elections, Farooq Sattar invited Kamal and Kaimkhani to rejoin the party but they rejected. Kaimkhani did not contest in the 2018 Pakistan general elections.
References
Pak Sarzameen Party members
Year of birth missing (living people)
Politicians from Hyderabad, Sindh
Living people
External links
Anis Kaimkhani on Twitter
Anis Kaimkhani on Facebook
Yana Ulla (Quechua yana black, Jaqaru ulla grilled potato, "black grilled potato", also spelled Yanaaulla, Yanaulla) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about high. It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, Marcapomacocha District, and in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Carampoma District. Yana Ulla lies southwest of Quriqucha and northwest of Qunchupata. A lake named Yana Ulla is at the feet of the mountains.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Mountains of Junín Region
Karl Feucht (24 December 1893 - 30 June 1954) was a German flight mechanic and polar explorer. In 1925 they were one of two mechanics aboard the two Dornier Wal flying boats in which Roald Amundsen, Lincoln Ellsworth and Hjalmar Riiser-Larsen made a failed attempt to reach the geographic North Pole by air, starting from the island of Spitzbergen.
Life
Born in Heimerdingen, now part of Ditzingen, their parents were the builder Christian Feucht (1856–1929) and their wife Wilhelmine (1863–1954).
They died in Friedrichshafen. Their wife Maria died in 1945. The couple had three children, Richard, Wilhelm and Gertrud.
Bibliography
Herbert Hoffmann: Karl Feucht – Pionier der Luftfahrt und Polarflieger aus Heimerdingen. In: Dijou. Nr. 9, 6/2012, S. 10 (PDF; 5,31 MB).
External links
References
Aircraft mechanics
Explorers of the Arctic
People from Ludwigsburg (district)
1893 births
1954 deaths
Vicia hassei is a species of vetch known by the common names Hasse's vetch and slender vetch.
It is native to the west coast of North America from Oregon through California to Baja California, where it occurs in many types of coastal and inland habitat.
Description
Vicia hassei is an annual herb. The leaves are made up of a few pairs of leaflets up to 2.5 centimeters long often with flat, notched, or toothed tips.
The inflorescence is usually a solitary flower or a pair of flowers with white or lavender corollas just under a centimeter long.
The fruit is a legume pod 2 or 3 centimeters in length and a few millimeters wide which contains the seeds.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Vicia hassei
USDA Plants Profile
Vicia hassei — U.C. Photo gallery
hassei
Flora of Baja California
Flora of California
Flora of Oregon
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Central Valley (California)
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the San Francisco Bay Area
Natural history of the Santa Monica Mountains
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 860, in 230 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Ministry of Energy is the government ministry of Tanzania which is responsible for facilitating the development of the energy sectors.
History
The Ministry was formed in 2017 after the preceding ministry, the Ministry of Energy and Minerals was split by President John Magufuli to improve supervision.
References
External links
E
Tanzania
Energy in Tanzania
Alejandro José Foglia Costa (born 30 January 1984, in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan sailor in the Laser and Finn classes.
They competed in four Summer Olympics for their native South American country: 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016, and in two Pan American Games: 2007 and 2011.
They were named Uruguay's flagbearer for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Results
Olympic Games
2004: 34th
2008: 17th
2012: 8th
2016: 19th
Pan American Games
2007: ?
2011: 4th
ISAF Sailing World Championships
2007: 18th
2011: 52nd
Personal life
 They are brother of Andrea Foglia another Uruguayan sailor
Notes
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Montevideo
Uruguayan male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2007 Pan American Games
Sailors at the 2011 Pan American Games
Sailors at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sailors at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Laser
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Finn
Olympic sailors of Uruguay
Pan American Games competitors for Uruguay
Uruguayan people of Italian descent
Snipe class sailors
KJAC is a non-commercial public radio station located in Timnath, Colorado, broadcasting to the Fort Collins-Denver, Colorado area on 105.5 FM. The station previously aired an adult hits music format branded as "Jack FM".
Jack FM Denver was the first Jack radio station in the United States. Denver's Jack employed a comedic irreverence in its presentation, and a style of music endemic to the varied tastes of Colorado's front-range listeners. Each Jack station is a little different, and KJAC's attention to the style of Colorado gave the station a unique and local feel.
On September 1, 2008, NRC Broadcasting converted KCUV into a rebroadcast of the current Jack FM feed, utilizing the 102.3 FM frequency to serve the broader Denver metropolitan area, while retaining the current 105.5 FM frequency that serves Northern Colorado. Jingles broadcast over the air often interchanged 102.3 FM and 105.5 FM, depending on whether the focus was on Denver, or the station in general.
On July 15, 2010, it was announced that KJAC would stick with the current format while sister station KDSP flipped to sports on July 19, 2010.
In 2011, 105.5 Jack FM dropped the local version and started using the Dial Global StorQ version that smaller market Jacks use. On September 7, 2012, KJAC started stunting with classic country as "Bob FM", which led to a flip to ESPN Radio.
On December 7, 2015, Front Range Sports Networks sold KJAC to Community Radio for Northern Colorado, who will convert the station to a non-commercial Adult Album Alternative format on February 29, 2016, allowing primary station KUNC/Fort Collins, Colorado to focus on News/Talk programming. After KJAC ended its programming on January 3, 2016, ESPN Radio returned to former Denver affiliate KEPN in a full-time status with sister KKFN adding overnight programming (and dropping Fox Sports Radio from the schedule) starting January 4.
On February 29, 2016, the adult album alternative format was officially launched as "The Colorado Sound". The sale to Community Radio for Northern Colorado was consummated on April 5, 2016, at a price of $3 million.
On July 14, 2017, KJAC began simulcasting on translator K232AC 94.3 FM Breckenridge.
References
External links
Shakeup in Denver sports talk radio, FM dial has new station
JAC
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Community radio stations in the United States
Larimer County, Colorado
Radio stations established in 1990
1990 establishments in Colorado
NPR member stations
Shamayim ( šāmayīm), the Hebrew word for "heavens" (literally heavens, plural), denotes one component of the three-part biblical cosmology, the other elements being erets (the earth) and sheol (the common grave). Shamayim is the dwelling place of God and other heavenly beings, erets is the home of the living, and sheol is the realm of the dead, including, in post-Hebrew Bible literature (including the New Testament), the abode of the righteous dead.
Ambiguity of the Jewish afterlife
It is important to note the lack of consensus on the contents, existence, or substance of what is known in English as "heaven" in Judaism. Many hold references to what would be called "heaven" as allegorical, detailing a story or proposition rather than concrete conclusion or absolute. As such, Jewish thought holds equal or greater value towards other eschatologies such as reincarnation and more. Rabbinic Judaism generally holds greater value on doing mitzvot during life, rather than focusing on that which comes after, when one cannot do mitzvot. Nevertheless, Judaism has many opinions on what happens in the afterlife, and the existence of a "heaven" can be one of them, however debated as to its contents or manifest.
Etymology
The Hebrew word shamayim is a dual or plural form related to the proto-semitic root "*šamāy-". A reinterpretation constructs it as a compound of a hypothetical sham (שָׁמ) (loaned from Akkadian samu meaning "sky" or "lofty"), and mayim (מַיִם) meaning "waters".
Description
Exodus 24, Ezekiel 1, Isaiah 6, 2 Chronicles 18 and 1 Kings 22 describe God seated on a throne, with angels surrounding him. Exodus 24:10 describes a pavement made of sapphire or lapis lazuli. Ezekiel 1 describes a throne room made of angels and God's throne being seated on a flying angel. Isaiah 6 describes an altar standing before God's throne. 2 Chronicles 18 and 1 Kings 22 describe angels to the right and the left of God, like prosecutors and defendants to the right and left of a judge in a bet din. Judaism interprets the visions symbolically, rather than as literal descriptions of heaven.
The biblical authors pictured the earth as a flat disk floating in water, with the heavens above and the underworld below. The raqiya (firmament), a solid inverted bowl above the earth, coloured blue by the cosmic ocean, kept the waters above the earth from flooding the world. From about 300 BCE a newer Greek model largely replaced the idea of a three-tiered cosmos; the newer view saw the earth as a sphere at the centre of a set of seven concentric heavens, one for each visible planet plus the sun and moon, with the realm of God in an eighth and highest heaven, but although several Jewish works from this period have multiple heavens, as do some New Testament works, none has exactly the formal Greek system.
Seven Heavens
In the course of the 1st millennium CE Jewish scholars developed an elaborate system of Seven Heavens, named:
Vilon (וִילוֹן) or Araphel (עֲרָפֶל) The first heaven, governed by Archangel Gabriel, is the closest of heavenly realms to the Earth; it is also considered the abode of Adam and Eve.
Raqia (רָקִיעַ): The second heaven is dually controlled by Zachariel and Raphael. It was in this heaven that Moses, during their visit to Paradise, encountered the angel Nuriel who stood "300 parasangs high, with a retinue of 50 myriads of angels all fashioned out of water and fire". Also, Raqia is considered the realm where the fallen angels are imprisoned and the planets fastened.
Shehaqim (שְׁחָקִים, Shechaqim): The third heaven, under the leadership of Anahel, serves as the home of the Garden of Eden and the Tree of Life; it is also the realm where manna, the holy food of angels, is produced. The Second Book of Enoch, meanwhile, states that both Paradise and hell are accommodated in Shehaqim with hell being located simply "on the northern side".
Maon (מָעוֹן): The fourth heaven is ruled by the Archangel Michael, and according to Talmud Hagiga 12, it contains the heavenly Jerusalem, the Temple, and the Altar.
Makon (מָכוֹן, Makhon): The fifth heaven is under the administration of Samael. It is also where the Ishim and the Song-Uttering Choirs reside.
Zebul (זְבוּל): The sixth heaven falls under the jurisdiction of Sachiel.
Araboth (עֲרָבוֹת, Aravoth): The seventh heaven, under the leadership of Cassiel, is the holiest of the seven heavens because it houses the Throne of God attended by the Seven Archangels and serves as the realm in which God dwells; underneath the throne itself lies the abode of all unborn human souls. It is also considered the home of the Seraphim, the Cherubim, and the Hayyoth.
Medieval Jewish Merkavah and Heichalot literature focused on discussing the details of these heavens, sometimes in connection with traditions relating to Enoch, such as the Third Book of Enoch.
Legends
In the 19th century book Legends of the Jews, rabbi Louis Ginzberg compiled Jewish legends found in rabbinic literature. Among the legends are ones about the world to come and the two Gardens of Eden. The world to come is called Paradise, and it is said to have a double gate made of carbuncle that is guarded by 600,000 shining angels.
Seven clouds of glory overshadow Paradise, and under them, in the center of Paradise, stands the tree of life. The tree of life overshadows Paradise too, and it has fifteen thousand different tastes and aromas that winds blow all across Paradise. Under the tree of life are many pairs of canopies, one of stars and the other of sun and moon, while a cloud of glory separates the two. In each pair of canopies sits a rabbinic scholar who explains the Torah to one.
When one enters Paradise one is proffered by the archangel Michael to God on the altar of the temple of the heavenly Jerusalem, whereupon one is transfigured into an angel (the ugliest person becomes as beautiful and shining as "the grains of a silver pomegranate upon which fall the rays of the sun"). The angels that guard Paradise's gate adorn one in seven clouds of glory, crown one with gems and pearls and gold, place eight myrtles in one's hand, and praise one for being righteous while leading one to a garden of eight hundred roses and myrtles that is watered by many rivers.
In the garden is one's canopy, its beauty according to one's merit, but each canopy has four rivers – milk, honey, wine, and balsam – flowing out from it, and has a golden vine and thirty shining pearls hanging from it. Under each canopy is a table of gems and pearls attended to by sixty angels.
The light of Paradise is the light of the righteous people therein. Each day in Paradise one wakes up a child and goes to bed an elder to enjoy the pleasures of childhood, youth, adulthood, and old age. In each corner of Paradise is a forest of 800,000 trees, the least among the trees greater than the best herbs and spices, attended to by 800,000 sweetly singing angels.
Paradise is divided into seven paradises, each one 120,000 miles long and wide. Depending on one's merit, one joins one of the paradises: the first is made of glass and cedar and is for converts to Judaism; the second is of silver and cedar and is for penitents; the third is of silver and gold, gems and pearls, and is for the patriarchs, Moses and Aaron, the Israelites that left Egypt and lived in the wilderness, and the kings of Israel; the fourth is of rubies and olive wood and is for the holy and steadfast in faith; the fifth is like the third, except a river flows through it and its bed was woven by Eve and angels, and it is for the Messiah and Elijah; and the sixth and seventh divisions are not described, except that they are respectively for those who died doing a pious act and for those who died from an illness in expiation for Israel's sins.
Beyond Paradise, according to Legends of the Jews, is the higher Gan Eden, where God is enthroned and explains the Torah to its inhabitants. The higher Gan Eden contains three hundred ten worlds and is divided into seven compartments. The compartments are not described, though it is implied that each compartment is greater than the previous one and is joined based on one's merit.
The first compartment is for Jewish martyrs, the second for those who drowned, the third for "Rabbi Johanan ben Zakkai and their disciples," the fourth for those whom the cloud of glory carried off, the fifth for penitents, the sixth for youths who have never sinned; and the seventh for the poor who lived decently and studied the Torah.
See also
Celestial spheres
Garden of Eden
Gehenna
Resurrection of the dead
Religious cosmology
References
Bibliography
External links
Jewish Encyclopedia: Heaven
Jewish belief and doctrine
Heaven
Biblical cosmology
Hünegg Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Hilterfingen of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Hünegg Castle was built between 1861 and 1863 for the Prussian Baron Albert Emil Otto von Parpart. However, they were only able to enjoy the castle for a few years, since they died in 1869. By 1883, it had passed to their nephew, who sold off the art collection and then in 1893 sold the castle to the Berlin commercial judge Karl Lehmann. They owned the property for only six years before it was acquired by Gustav Lemke-Schuckert, an architect from Wiesbaden, who renovated the interior in the Art Nouveau style. At about the beginning of the Second World War, the castle was sold to Oscar Haag from Küsnacht, who in 1958 sold it to the Canton of Bern. Today it houses the Renaissance Revival and Art Nouveau Museum.
The interior has been meticulously preserved or recreated to give the impression that the 19th century owners have just left.
Special exhibitions
The castle and its park are available for hire for temporary exhibitions. So for example a Mountain railways special exhibition took place in 2012, 2013, and 2014, from May to October.
Mountain railways special exhibition
The Swiss Mountain Railways Special Exhibition was mounted between May and October 2012, and again between May and October 2013. It was scheduled to return again in 2014.
Mounted by Robert Ganz and Roger Rieker, the special exhibitions were about the early pioneer work of the Swiss mountain railways, with a budget of 95,000 Swiss Francs, the exhibition included loaned objects from 130 individuals and 30 companies, to provide visitors with an overview of rack- and adhesion railways, funicular railways, aerial cableways, ski lifts, and other mountain transportation mechanisms. The loaned objects included several original objects, approximately 200 featured detailed model reproductions, over 500 photographs, over 100 documents, and ten video presentations.
Bibliography
Robert Ganz, Roger Rieker: Bau und Betrieb Schweizerischer Bergbahnen, Historischer Querschnitt, Sonderausstellung im Schloss Hünegg Hilterfingen, authors publisher, Jost Druck Hünibach 2013
Notes
References
External links
http://www.schlosshuenegg.ch/ Home page of Schloss Hünegg
https://web.archive.org/web/20140301091154/http://www.bergbahnausstellung.ch/ Home page of mountain railways exhibition in the Hünegg Castel
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Art Nouveau architecture in Switzerland
Art Nouveau houses
Penn Mountain is a mountain in the Tug Hill region of New York. It is located west of East Steuben in the town of Steuben in Oneida County. The mountain is the former site of an steel fire lookout tower. The tower later ceased fire lookout operations and was removed in 1976.
History
In 1950, the Conservation Department built an Aermotor LS40 steel tower on the mountain. The tower went into service in 1951, reporting no fires and 4 visitors. The tower ceased fire lookout operations in 1971. The tower reopened briefly in 1974 to provide early detection to an area that suffered heavy wind damage near Forestport. The tower then closed again before being removed in 1976.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Michael Ferris may refer to:
Michael Ferris (politician) (1931–2000), Irish Labour Party politician
Michael Ferris, American screenwriter
MV Skorpios II is a Chile-registered cruise ship owned and operated by Cruceros Skorpios. The ship was built in 1988 on Skorpios, Chile shipyards under SOLAS and IMO regulations and under the ABS (American Bureau of Shipping), Class Nr 890.56.66, A1 ice. It's remodeled in equipment cabins, bathrooms and dining 2010. It has certificate of registration number 2567 of the Directorate General of Maritime Territory of Chile and International Load Line Certificate. Its capacity is up to 106 passengers based on double occupancy, has 53 cabins distributed in 4 decks.
External links
Cruceros Skorpios (Spanish)
References
Cruise ships
1988 ships
Acer circinatum, the vine maple, is a species of maple native to western North America.
Description
It most commonly grows as a large shrub growing to around tall, but it will occasionally form a small to medium-sized tree, exceptionally to tall. The shoots are slender and hairless. The trunk rarely grows more than thick.
The leaves are long and broad, opposite, palmately lobed with 7 to 11 lobes, almost circular in outline, and thinly hairy on the underside; the lobes are pointed and with coarsely toothed margins. The leaves turn bright yellow to orange-red in autumn. The flowers are small, in diameter, with a dark red calyx and five short greenish-yellow petals; they are produced in open corymbs of 4 to 20 together in spring. The fruit is a two-seeded samara, each seed in diameter, with a lateral wing long.
Vine maple trees can bend over easily. Sometimes, this can cause the top of the tree to grow into the ground and send out a new root system, creating a natural arch. This characteristic makes it the only maple capable of layering.
Taxonomy
It belongs to the Palmatum group of maple trees native to East Asia with its closest relatives being the Acer japonicum (fullmoon maple) and Acer pseudosieboldianum (Korean maple). It can be difficult to distinguish from these species in cultivation. It is the only member of the Palmatum group that resides outside of Asia.
Distribution and habitat
It can be found from southwest British Columbia to northern California, usually within of the Pacific Ocean coast, found along the Columbia Gorge and Coastal Forest. It can found no further inland than the east side of the Cascade Range. It typically grows in the understory below much taller forest trees, but can sometimes be found in open ground, and occurs at altitudes from sea level up to .
Ecology
Various birds and mammals eat the seeds of this species.
Cultivation
It is occasionally cultivated outside its native range as an ornamental tree, from Juneau, Alaska, and Ottawa, Ontario, to Huntsville, Alabama, and also in northwestern Europe.
Uses
The Quinault people used the shoots to weave baskets.
Gallery
References
External links
circinatum
Flora of the West Coast of the United States
Trees of British Columbia
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Garden plants of North America
Plants used in bonsai
Ornamental trees
Trees of the United States
Plants described in 1813
"Give a Little Love Back to the World", written and composed by Paul Curtis, was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed by Emma. At the age of 15, Emma was the youngest-ever entrant on behalf of the United Kingdom at Eurovision.
Selection process
Emma won the right to perform at the contest, held in Zagreb by winning the UK national final, A Song for Europe, where they were the fourth singer to perform. Like in 1988 and 1989, the winner was picked via a nationwide telephone vote, and Emma emerged victorious, receiving nearly three times as many votes as the second-place finisher (clocking in at just under 100,000 supporters).
At Eurovision
In Zagreb, the song was performed seventh on the night, after 's Céline Carzo with "Quand je te rêve", and before 's Stjórnin with "Eitt lag enn". At the end of judging that evening, "Give a Little Love Back to the World" took the sixth-place slot with 87 points. Belgium awarded the UK its only 12 points for the evening.
One large theme of Eurovision 1990 in Zagreb was unity and peace, as the contest came mere months after the fall of communism in most of Eastern Europe. Emma's song strayed from this larger theme somewhat in that their song was a plea for environmentalism. Emma, dressed in red, was flanked by five backup singers: three women (in blue dresses) and two men (in alternating white and blue trousers, vests and shirts).
Charts
After Eurovision, the song placed at No. 33 on the UK Singles Chart, in the best chart placing by a UK Eurovision act since 1984.
References
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1990
1990 in British music
1990 singles
Songs written by Paul Curtis (musician)
1990 songs
Environmental songs
Lee Yong-chul (born January 4, 1970) is a South Korean sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, they were eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event. Four years later in Barcelona, Lee was eliminated in the first round of the same event.
External links
Sports-reference.com profile
1970 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of South Korea
South Korean male canoeists
Asian Games medalists in canoeing
Canoeists at the 1990 Asian Games
Korea National Sport University alumni
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Ignacio Merino Muñoz (30 January 1817 in Piura – 17 March 1876 in Paris) was a Peruvian painter who spent much of their life in Paris. They specialized in historical and costumbrista works.
Biography
Their father, Don José, was a judge, district administrator and military commander. Their mother Doña Micaela, was from an aristocratic family in Trujillo. At the age of ten, they were sent to study in Paris, where they earned their bachelor's degree and became interested in art.
They studied with Raymond Monvoisin and Paul Delaroche, who inspired their interest in history painting. Also as result of Delaroche's influence, they tended to focus on themes from European history, whereas their Peruvian-themed paintings were generally in the costumbrista category.
Back in Peru, they became Assistant Director, then Director of the "Academy of Drawing and Painting", founded by José Fernando de Abascal, where they taught or otherwise influenced the careers of other prominent painters, such as , and Francisco Laso. During the 1840s, they created a series of portraits devoted to Peruvian saints, including Rose of Lima and Martín de Porres.
In 1850, they had an opportunity to study with Eugène Delacroix, and returned to Paris. They would remain there for the rest of their life. It is said that an exhibition of their costumbrista paintings served as the inspiration for Martin Paz, an adventure story by Jules Verne, which was set in Lima. Upon returning to Paris, they produced 92 wood engravings for a luxury 1854 edition of 1797 satire Lima por dentro y fuera, collaborating with Parisian printer A. Mézin and draftsman A. Jourdain. Many of these engravings, including landscapes, portraits, and popular scenes, served as studies for later canvases of costumbrista themes.
It was there they created their best-known painting, Colón ante los doctores en Salamanca, which was purchased by the government of President José Balta after winning a third-place medal at the "Exposition des Beaux-Arts". They were also inspired by European literature and created works based on the writings of Shakespeare, Sir Walter Scott and Miguel de Cervantes.
They died of tuberculosis in 1876. Having never married and without an heir, they ceded their estate to the Municipality of Lima. This included 33 paintings which, in 1925, were the first acquisitions of the newly founded "", administered by the Municipality of Lima to the present day.
References
Further reading
Juan Bautista de Lavalle, Ignacio Merino, 1817-1917: biografía del pintor, Casa Editora M. Moral, 1917
Juan Manuel Ugarte Eléspuru, "Ignacio Merino", Volume 33 of Biblioteca Hombres del Perú, Editorial Universitaria, 1966
Dexter Zavalza Hough-Snee, "Ilustrando la república a través de la sátira colonial: Ignacio Merino y la reconfiguración de Lima por dentro y fuera." Estudios de sátira hispanoamericana. eds. Zavalza & Eduardo Viana da Silva. Madrid: Iberoamericana/Vervuert, 2015. pp. 87–119.
External links
Pinacoteca Municipal Ignacio Merino @ Lima Cultura
Pinacoteca Municipal Ignacio Merino @ the Google Cultural Institute
Peruvian painters
1817 births
1876 deaths
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
People from Piura
History painters
Peruvian emigrants to France
19th-century Peruvian painters
19th-century Peruvian male artists
Neoclassical artists
Tuberculosis deaths in France
Romantic painters
Peruvian male painters
Irwin Untermyer (February 2, 1886 – October 18, 1973) was an American attorney, jurist, and civic leader most notable for their work in New York City. They were the son of Samuel Untermyer, another notable New York attorney who is best remembered for their opposition to Adolf Hitler and for creating Untermyer Park and Gardens, "America's Greatest Forgotten Garden" in Yonkers, New York. Irwin was also the father of Samuel Untermyer II, a notable nuclear scientist.
Legal career
Irwin Untermyer graduated from Columbia University in 1907 and Columbia Law School in 1910. Following graduation, Untermyer proceeded to their father's law firm, Guggenheimer, Untermyer & Marshall, where they became partner. "It has rarely fallen to the lot of those elected to the bench to have enjoyed the rich experience of Mr. Untermyer," wrote Louis Marshall in The New York Times.
Along with their father, Untermyer also served as volunteer special counsel for the city's Transit Commission. As a result, they had to make oral arguments before the United States Supreme Court in Gilchrist v. Interborough Rapid Transit Company.
The Interborough Rapid Transit Company wanted to raise the New York City Subway's five-cent fare, and the city was suing to prevent that. Irwin's father was originally scheduled to represent the city, but when they fell ill Irwin argued before Chief Justice Taft and their fellow justices for nearly two hours. "There were only three interruptions, two of them being requests for page numbers in the brief", The New York Times wrote. The Court held in favor of the City. "I am very happy to hear of the decision", then-Congressman Fiorello La Guardia stated, calling Untermyer's argument a "splendid and merited rebuke to the judges who lost their heads in New York and signed the order."
Untermyer was elected to the New York Supreme Court, the trial court of New York state, in 1929 with the backing of Tammany Hall mayor Jimmy Walker. In 1933, Governor Herbert H. Lehman designated Untermyer as a justice of the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court, First Judicial Department, where they served alongside Justices that included Roy Cohn's father Albert until Untermyer's retirement in August 1945. Although long active in Democratic Party politics, Untermyer received the endorsement of all political parties during their reelection bid in 1943.
Metropolitan Museum of Art
Though they followed in their father Samuel's legal footsteps, Irwin did not share their father's passion for promoting public horticulture at Untermyer Park in Westchester County, New York. "Mr. Untermyer's sons, Alvin Untermyer and Judge Irwin Untermyer, have not inherited their father's costly passion for home-grown orchid boutonnieres, hothouse figs, nectarines, etc," wrote The New Yorker in 1940.
Instead, Untermyer became known as an avid collector and promoter of art and antiquities. Untermyer donated extensively to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City and maintained a lifelong association with the museum. They served on the Board of Trustees for 20 years, and bequeathed over 2,000 pieces from their collection upon their death. Pieces donated by Untermyer constitute "one of the world's great private collections" and are on permanent display in the museum.
Untermyer's collection in the Metropolitan Museum is mentioned in E. L. Konigsburg's 1967 book From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler. While living at the Met, the Kincaid siblings sleep in an antique four-poster bed from the Irwin Untermyer collection. "I once considered donating [the museum] my bed," says the book's narrator, Mrs. Frankweiler, "but Mr. Untermyer gave them this one first."
Private life
Untermyer married Louise A. Feuchtwanger on February 15, 1912 at the St. Regis New York. The couple had three children, Joan Untermyer Erdmann, Samuel Untermyer II, and Frank Untermyer.
Irwin Untermyer died on October 18, 1973 at the age of 87.  They are interred at the Untermyer Family Plot at Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx, which features extensive bronzework by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney.
References
1886 births
1973 deaths
New York Supreme Court Justices
New York (state) Democrats
American jurists
American people of German-Jewish descent
Columbia Law School alumni
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery (Bronx, New York)
Columbia College (New York) alumni
20th-century American judges
Faculty of Arts, Banaras Hindu University is a faculty in the Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India which offers courses in History, Culture, Philosophy, Languages, Literature along with various Professional and Vocational courses. It was founded in 1898 and is the oldest and largest faculty in the Banaras Hindu University. Faculty of Arts was formerly known as the Central Hindu College (1898–1916). In 1916, the Banaras Hindu University grew around the "nucleus" of the Faculty of Arts.
History
Formally known as Central Hindu College, The Faculty of Arts is the oldest and largest faculty in the Banaras Hindu University. It was founded in 1898 by Dr. Annie Besant and became the main centre and the core of Banaras Hindu University in 1916 by Mahamana Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya. THe Faculty of Arts was "Mother Faculty" out of which many other faculties and departments of the university grew.
Organization
Faculty of Arts' administrative head is a dean. The dean is responsible for all aspects of the Faculty's operations, including budgets, administration, planning, support services, faculty appointments, curricula and student affairs. The dean is appointed by and reports to the Vice-Chancellor of the university.
There are 23 different departments in the Faculty of Arts that offer Certificate courses, Special courses, Undergraduate diploma, Undergraduate degree (UG), advanced Postgraduate diploma, Postgraduate degree (PG) and Doctorate in following three categories;
History, Culture and Philosophy
Language and Literature
Professional and Vocational courses
Departments
Bhojpuri Adhayan Kendra
Bharat Adhyayan Kendra
Department of English
Department of Bengali
Department of French Studies
Department of Hindi
Department of German Studies
Department of Marathi
Department of Foreign Languages
Department of Sanskrit
Department of Linguistics
Department of Telugu
Department of AIHC & Archaeology
Department of Pali and Buddhist Studies
Department of Philosophy and Religion
Department of Urdu
Department of Physical Education
Department of Indian Languages
Department of Journalism & Mass Communication
Department of Arabic
Department of Library & Information Science
Department of Persian
Malaviya Moolya Anusheelan Kendra
Department of History of Art
Notable alumni
Notable alumni of the faculty of arts include:
See also
List of educational institutions in Varanasi
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1898
1898 establishments in India
Departments of the Banaras Hindu University
Tin Zaouatine () (also spelled Tinzouatine) is a commune, coextensive with the district of Tin Zaouatine, in In Guezzam Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 4,157, up from 2,314 in 1998, with an annual growth rate of 6.2%, the highest rate in the province. Its postal code is 11150 and its municipal code is 1107.
Geography
Tin Zaouatine lies at an elevation of in the far north-western part of the Adrar des Ifoghas mountain range, which lies mostly in Mali. A series of long, rocky ridges run from north-south to the west of the town.
Climate
Tin Zaouatine has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with long, extremely hot summers and short, very warm winters. Despite an extremely dry climate, some occasional rainfall occur during the months of August and September due to the influence of the far northern edge of the West African Monsoon, unlike most of the Algerian Desert. Averages high temperatures soar during the height of the long summer season, with daytime highs always over 40 °C (104 °F) during nearly 4 months and even above 45 °C (113 °F), despite the high elevation of the site.
Education
1.9% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 3.6% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 47.2%, and is 58.1% among males and 35.3% among females; all three figures are the second lowest in the province (after In Guezzam).
Localities
The commune is composed of four localities:
Tinzaouatene
Hassi In Tafouk (eastern part)
Oued Tassamak (western part)
Taouandart
References
Communes of In Guezzam Province
Tuareg
The Safir T-series is a line of firearms produced by AKSA Int Arms, also known as Safir Arms of Turkey.
Safir T-15 and T-16
The Safir T-15 is a semi-automatic rifle based on the AR-15. It is intended for civilian and police use, but Safir arms makes selective-fire version of the same design as the T-16 for military customers as well as a manually operated version for those who can not legally own semiautomatic rifles.
Safir T-14
The Safir T-14 is a semi-automatic shotgun. chambered in the .410 round that operates on a short stroke piston and outwardly resembles an AR-15.
See also
Benelli M3
Franchi SPAS-12
Heckler & Koch FABARM FP6
Fabarm SDASS Tactical
References
External links
AKSA int arms
Semi-automatic shotguns of Turkey
ArmaLite AR-10 derivatives
5.56 mm assault rifles
Rifles of Turkey
Mount Tegge is an isolated mountain mass (1,570 m) located at the mouth of Embree Glacier, on the east side of the Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains. It is located 6.37 km northeast of Mount Hleven in Bangey Heights and 6.65 km east-southeast of Mount McKeown in Sostra Heights.
The mountain was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1957 to 1959. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for 1st Lieutenant Richard C. Tegge of the United States Air Force (USAF), who participated in establishing the South Pole Station in the 1956–57 season.
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
For You and Me is the seventeenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1991 on Milan Records. In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Florian Fricke except where noted.
"For You and Me" – 5:24
"Wind of the Stars in Their Eyes" (Anne-Marie O'Farell) – 3:03
"Little Bazaari" – 7:48
"Compassion" – 5:57
"When Love Is Calling You" (Fricke, Daniel Fichelscher) – 4:11
"In Your Eyes" (Guido Hieronymus) – 0:55
"OM Mani Padme Hum 1" (Fricke, Hieronymus) – 1:09
"OM Mani Padme Hum 2" – 2:45
"OM Mani Padme Hum 3" – 4:30
"OM Mani Padme Hum 4" – 5:17
"For You" – 2:02
2006 bonus track
"OM Mani Padme Hum 3" (Piano Version) – 4:31
"When Love Is Calling You" is a new version of "Letzte Tage - Letzte Nächte" from the album Letzte Tage – Letzte Nächte (1976)
Personnel
Popol Vuh
Florian Fricke: piano
Daniel Fichelscher: guitar
Renate Knaup: vocals
Additional Personnel
Guido Hieronymus: keyboards, guitar
Anne-Marie O'Farell: Irish harp (on 2)
Credits
Recorded at New African Studio, Munich & Sound Fabrik, Munich, January - April 1991
Arranged by Guido Hieronymus and Popol Vuh
Produced by Popol Vuh for Milan Records
Executive producers: Florian Fricke and Frank Fiedler
Executive direction by Emmanuel Chamboredon and Toby Pieniek
Art direction by Judy Kaganowich
Package supervision by Dana Renert
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20081029050641/http://www.furious.com/perfect/populvuh.html (Comprehensive article & review of every album, in English)
https://web.archive.org/web/20080119183134/http://www.enricobassi.it/popvuhdiscografia90.htm (featuring the original credits)
http://www.venco.com.pl/~acrux/foryou.htm
Popol Vuh (band) albums
1991 albums
The Tyranny of Big Tech is a 2021 book written by Senator Josh Hawley of Missouri. The book's claim is that Facebook, Google, Amazon and Apple (Big Tech) are the "gravest threat to American liberty since the monopolies of the Gilded age" because of their
anti-conservative bias. Hawley says that they are fighting to "recover America's populist democracy". The book's original publisher, Simon & Schuster, cancelled the contract on January 7, 2021 after the storming of the United States Capitol on January 6 and Hawley's rejection of electoral votes in the 2020 United States presidential election. Regnery Publishing acquired the book on January 18 with a May 4 release date.
Background
On October 16, 2020, Simon & Schuster announced they would publish The Tyranny of Big Tech. In a statement, Hawley said:
“At a time when these platforms are determining elections, banning inconvenient political views, lining politicians' pockets with hundreds of millions of dollars, and addicting our kids to screens, I want to draw attention to the robber barons of the modern era, this is the fight to recover America's populist democracy. That is why I am writing this book.”
On January 7, one day after the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol, Simon and Schuster retracted the publication of Hawley's book stating that "after witnessing the disturbing, deadly insurrection that took place on Wednesday in Washington, D.C., [we have] decided to cancel publication of The Tyranny of Big Tech." Additionally, the company expressed how they "cannot support Senator Hawley after their role in what became a dangerous threat to our democracy and freedom." Hawley rebuked the decision on Twitter, describing the action as "Orwellian." Hawley also defended their actions as "representing [his] constituents" and that they would "see [Simon and Schuster] in court" for breach of contract and restricting their First Amendment rights.
On January 18, conservative publisher Regnery Publishing picked up the book. In a press release, Regnery's president, Thomas Spence released a statement saying that “[i]t's discouraging to see them cower before the ‘woke mob,' as Senator Hawley correctly calls it. Regnery is proud to stand in the breach with him. And the warning in their book about censorship obviously couldn't be more urgent.” The book was published in May 2021 and quickly became the best seller.
References
2021 non-fiction books
American political books
Books about media bias
Regnery Publishing books
Olanrewaju Adeyemi Tejuoso (born 1964) is a Nigerian politician. They were a senator from Ogun State at the 8th Assembly.
Background
Tejuoso was born in Abeokuta as a prince of the dynasty of HRM Oba Dr. Adedapo Tejuoso, CON, Karunwi III, Oranmiyan, the Osile of Oke-Ona Egba, and Olori Adetoun Tejuoso. As the son of the Oba, they are also the grand son of one of the first female industrialists in Nigeria, Iyaloye Bisoye Tejuoso, the Iyalode of Egbaland.
They represented Ogun Center in the 8th National Assembly where they were the chairperson, Senate Committee on Health.
Prince Lanre Tejuosho is a member of the Progressives Congress (APC). They were the chairperson of the National Convention Committee of Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) party in 2011 that led to the emergence of General Muhammad Buhari as the Presidential flag bearer of Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) before it was merged to form All Progressive Congress (APC). They have also served as the Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Environment Ministry and Special Duties under the governorship of Senator Ibikunle Amosun.
Childhood and education
Lanre Tejuoso is a medical doctor. They started their elementary education at the University of Lagos Staff School in 1967 and was later at Igbobi College, Lagos in 1974 for their secondary education. In 1981, they were admitted into University of Lagos where They obtained their MBBS and later accomplished their specialties in telemedicine and medical computing abroad. They became a doctor at the age of 21, making them one of the youngest doctors in Nigeria.
Public service and private enterprise
Tejuoso completed their National Youth Service at the Nigerian Ports Authority Medical Hospital where they participated in the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Scheme. After their service year, they had a brief stint at Teju Hospital, now Iyaode Bisoye Tejuoso Hospital, where they practiced as a medical officer.
Tejuoso was on the board of many blue chip companies including Berger Paints Nigeria PLC, Custodian and Allied Insurance, Teju Industries Ltd, Iyalode Bisoye Tejuoso Hospital and Adonai Petroleum.  They are the founder of Avicenna International School and Buckswood School. They were also the president of Rotary Club of Tejuoso, Surulere Lagos from 1990 to 1991 and was the Chairman of Lagos Badminton Association between 1993 and 1994. They founded a Non-governmental organization – Iyalode Bisoye Tejuoso Malaria Foundation to give medical assistance to the masses for free.
Political campaign and governance
Prince Lanre joined Ogun politics in 2007 when they made an attempt to represent the Ogun Central Senatorial District on the platform of All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) in the Senate during the tenure of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo as president but lost out to Iyabo Obasanjo-Bello. They remained determine despite several assassination attempts.
At the formation of the Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) in 2010, they emerged a strong force to reckon with in the party in Ogun State and was made the chairperson of the National Convention Committee of Congress for Progressive Change (CPC) party in 2011 that led to the emergence of General Muhammad Buhari as the party flag bearer, they raised the hand of Muhammadu Buhari as the presidential candidate of the party in the 2011 presidential election, at the party's national convention at the Eagle Square in Abuja.
They later joined the then Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) that teamed up with Congress for Progressive Change CPC, All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP) and a faction of the Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) to form the Peoples Congress.
Prince Lanre had, prior to their election as a senator, served the people of Ogun State as commissioner in the administration of Governor Ibikunle Amosun, handling three different portfolios of Youth and Sports, Environment and Special Duties. As a commissioner, they are credited with achieving distribution of 500 electricity transformers to all parts of the state; management of a seven megawatt power plant; modernization of the June 12 Cultural Centre; introduction of solar power to rural areas; upgrading of the major dam that provides water to residents of Abeokuta; introduction of special marshals for environment and modernization of the MKO Abiola Stadium.
Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria
Senator Lanre Tejuoso was elected to the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as the Progressive Congress (APC) candidate from Ogun Center in April 2015.
 They are the Pro-Chancellor of the University of Lagos appointed by President Buhari 2021
Personal life
Senator Tejuoso is married to Oloori Moji Tejuoso (née Okoya). The Oloori is one of the daughters of the renowned Nigerian business person, Chief Razaq Okoya.  They are a philanthropist and socialite. They are blessed with children and grandchildren.
References
External links
http://www.sltyouthcenter.com
1964 births
Living people
Members of the Senate (Nigeria)
Yoruba politicians
All Progressives Congress politicians
Nigerian Christians
Politicians from Abeokuta
Medical doctors from Ogun State
University of Lagos alumni
Lanre
Igbobi College alumni
Nigerian princes
Yoruba princes
Józefów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Harriet Louise MacMillan is a Canadian pediatrician, psychiatrist, and scientist. As a Distinguished University Professor at McMaster University, they were also elected fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and Canadian Academy of Health Sciences.
Early life and education
MacMillan was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to Canadian parents but was raised in Hamilton, Ontario. They were born into a physician family as both their grandfather and father were medical doctors. Them grandfather was a family physician who was heavily involved with the West Lincoln Memorial Hospital while their father Angus MacMillan co-founded McMaster University's Department of Pediatrics. They completed their Master of Science degree in Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics at McMaster University before enrolling at Queen's University for their medical degree. Following this, they completed their residency in psychiatry and pediatrics at SickKids Hospital.
Career
Following their residency, MacMillan accepted a visiting fellowship at Harvard Medical School before returning to McMaster as a faculty member in 1992. Upon joining the faculty, MacMillan served as the founding director of the Child Advocacy and Assessment Program (CHAP) at McMaster Children's Hospital from 1993 to 2004. As an assistant professor of psychiatry and pediatrics in the faculty of health sciences at McMaster University, MacMillan also collaborated with their father to study aboriginal health care. While serving in these dual roles, MacMillan received a grant from the Ontario Women's Health Council to conduct cross-province research including hospital emergency departments, family physician's offices, obstetrics and gynecology clinics, community health centers, and midwifery practices, to discover how best to identify woman abuse in health settings.
Upon stepping down as director, MacMillan was appointed the Endowed David R. (Dan) Offord Chair in Child Studies and continued their research into incidence, control, and prevention of violence against women and children. In 2010, MacMillan was appointed director of the newly established Centre for Research Development in Gender, Mental Health and Violence Across the Lifespan through funding from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR). While serving in this role, they also oversaw the Preventing Violence Across the Lifespan (PreVAiL) Research Network to develop cross-Canada formal guidance and education materials to help health professionals better support victims of violence. As a result of their career "in leading research in the prevention of, and response to, family violence," MacMillan was honoured as a member of the Order of Canada in 2017. They were also conferred the title of Distinguished University Professor by McMaster University for conducting research that has "led to a better understanding of the impact of exposure to violence and its link to mental health outcomes and has spurred international prevention efforts."
In February 2020, MacMillan co-developed an online resource called the Violence Evidence Guidance Action (VEGA) project which aimed at educating health care and social service providers and students across Canada in recognizing and responding to family violence. During the COVID-19 pandemic, MacMillan helped develop a provincewide survey to gather data on how families are coping with the pandemic. They were also elected a fellow of two national honor societies; the Royal Society of Canada and Canadian Academy of Health Sciences.
References
Living people
McMaster University faculty
McMaster University alumni
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
Members of the Order of Canada
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Fellows of the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences
Year of birth missing (living people)
Karthigai Deepam is a 1965 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film, directed by A. Kasilingam and produced by P. Markendeyan and A. Kasilingam. The film script was written by A. Kasilingam and the comedy parts only were written by Shankar Jai Somu. Music was by R. Sudarsanam. The film stars S. A. Ashokan C. Vasantha, K. Vijayan and Leelavathi in lead roles.
Plot
Cast
S. A. Ashokan as Pasubathi
C. Vasantha as Poornam
K. Vijayan as Kanaga Sabai
Leelavathi as Thangam
S. V. Ramadoss as Namachivayam
G. Sakunthala as Dr. Sathya Bhama
Sadhan as Venu
A. Sakunthala as Chandra
Karikol Raju as Ganapathy
Master Murali as Murali
Baby Kala as Kala
Jayanthi as Mythili
Thiruchi Kamakshi as Sivakami
Soundtrack
Music was composed by R. Sudarsanam and lyrics were written by Alangudi Somu. The playback singers consist of T. M. Soundararajan P. Susheela and L. R. Eswari.
References
External links
1960s romantic drama films
1960s Tamil-language films
1965 films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian romantic drama films
Fresnoy Redoubt (), also known as Kalafrana Redoubt (), was a tour-reduit in Birżebbuġa, Malta. It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1715–1716 as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands. It was demolished in 1897.
History
Fresnoy Redoubt was built in 1715–1716 as part of a chain of fortifications that defended Marsaxlokk Bay, which also included three other redoubts, the large Saint Lucian Tower, two smaller De Redin towers, seven batteries and three entrenchments. The nearest fortifications to Fresnoy Redoubt were Elminiech Battery to the west and Balbani Battery to the east.
Fresnoy Redoubt was one of four tour-reduits built in Malta, with the other three being Spinola Redoubt, Vendôme Tower and Marsalforn Tower. It had a semi-circular front, and a redan on the landward side, all of which were pierced by musketry loopholes.
The redoubt was demolished by an order given by the Public Works Department on 22 February 1897. Its site is now occupied by part of the Malta Freeport. Other sources say it is occupied by Villa Pisana.
References
Redoubts in Malta
Fortified towers in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Military installations established in 1715
Buildings and structures demolished in 1897
Demolished buildings and structures in Malta
Birżebbuġa
Limestone buildings in Malta
18th-century fortifications
1715 establishments in Malta
1897 disestablishments in Malta
Rufus Hardy may refer to:
Rufus Hardy (representative) (1855–1943), member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Texas
Rufus K. Hardy (1878–1945), leader and missionary in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
See also
Hardy (disambiguation)
Rufus, a set index article about the name Rufus
Hardy (surname)
Diána Kőszegi (born 1983 in Hungary) is the first Hungarian professional Go player. They became the sixth European professional player since they were promoted by the Korean Go Association on 4 January 2008.
Biography
Diána Kőszegi was born in August 1983 in Budapest. They began playing Go at age of 9. They were initially taught by their father, Sándor Kőszegi, who also teaches Go to elementary schools students. At age 11, they began studying under Tibor Pocsai, the winner of the European Go Championship in 1988. During this time, they started to teach Go on the KGS Go Server.
In 1996, they met 9 dan professional Yasutoshi Yasuda, with whom they kept in contact. And Shigeno Yuki, a friend who Diána considers as close as a sister. Diána wanted to be Yasuda's pupil, but was not able to be. Both Yasuda and Yuki had a big influence with them
When they were 14 they came 4th at the 1st World Women Amateur Baduk Championship, held in 1997 in Seoul. In the following autumn, they finished 2nd in the 2nd European Women Amateur Go Championship.
They came 9th at the female equivalent of the World Amateur Go Championship in 1998, and was invited to Japan and Korea to study as an insei. Considering their young age, their family did not let them go.
In March 2000, they won the European Youth Go Championship that was held in Sinaia. They came 2nd in the previous two years, and again in 2001. In the same year, even though they finished only joint 8th at the Hungarian Go Championship, winning the play-offs between the top 6, they became the Hungarian Go Champion. They were the first Hungarian invited to professional competitions in China, while still an amateur. Representing Europe, they entered three competitions in 2000 (Shanghai), 2001 (Guiyang), and 2002 (Hong Kong).
Since 2001 they have continued studying Go, without a tutor. In 2001, they stayed in Japan for 1.5 months,thanks to their sister and brother Kobayashi Chizu and Kobayashi Satoru. In 2003 they went to the Hungarian university, ELTE. They studied at the programming mathematician department, but they were not able to complete their course, because of an invitation from the KimWon Baduk Academy, thanks to Mr Eo Jong Soo (7 dan Korean). They got to know them at the World Championship held in Korea in 2003.
They went to Korea in 2004 for 3 months, but then returned because they could not extend their visa. Until they were promoted to professional, from 2005 as an insei they were competing at the league in Seoul. In 2005, they studied at the Korean Myongji University and started teaching Go on-line.
They translated the Go book 21st Century New Openings, by Kim Sung Rae (4 Dan), into English.
Promotion record
See also
List of Go organizations
References
External links
Diána's page on the site of the Korean Baduk Association
Diána's page on the Hungarian Go Wiki
1983 births
Living people
Hungarian Go players
Female Go players
Oshkosh Correctional Institution (OSCI) is a prison of the Wisconsin Department of Corrections in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, United States, north of the city center. It has an official capacity of 1494.
History
In 1977 the Wisconsin Legislature proposed the construction of a new 300 prisoner medium security prison on the property of the Winnebago Correctional Farm, a prison farm which was, at the time, north of Oshkosh. The terms were written within the "Flad Report" six-year master plan that the legislature issued, and they were defined under Wis. Stat. 301.16(lm). In the fall of 1984, construction of OSCI began. The prison opened in September 1986. The state decided to relocate Winnebago to Waupun and dismantle the existing Winnebago facility, so OSCI can be expanded. The City of Oshkosh annexed the territory held by OSCI. In 1996 the prison inmate population reached over 1,800.
The facility mainly houses sex offenders.
References
External links
Oshkosh Correctional Institution - Wisconsin Department of Corrections
Prisons in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Oshkosh, Wisconsin
1986 establishments in Wisconsin
KNM ER 1805 is the catalog number given to several pieces of a fossilized skull of the species Homo habilis. It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya in 1974. The designation indicates specimen 1805, collected from the east shore of Lake Rudolf (now Lake Turkana) for the Kenya National Museums.
It is estimated to be 1.74 million years old.
Due to its incompleteness it has been the subject of debate as to its classification. It was originally classified as Homo erectus but due to the projection of the face and the shape of the cranium, it is now generally classified as H. habilis.
The brain capacity is about 582 cm³.
See also
List of fossil sites (with link directory)
List of hominina (hominid) fossils (with images)
References
Homo habilis fossils
Board of Works may refer to
Metropolitan Board of Works, a former governmental department overseeing public works in London, UK
Ministry of Works of imperial China, a former governmental department overseeing its public works
The Board of Works, or The Board, operates under the Melbourne and Metropolitan Board of Works Act 1958 for the benefit of people in metropolitan Melbourne.
Office of Public Works, a revised name for the government agency in Ireland originally known as Board of Works.
The Tomb of Philippe Pot is a 15th-century funerary monument commissioned by Philippe Pot (d. 1493), royal flight attendant of Burgundy under Louis XI, between c. 1477 and 1480 for their burial at the chapel of Saint-Jean-Baptiste in Cîteaux Abbey, south of Dijon, France. No definitive attributions have been made as to the artists and craftsmen who created the work, but Antoine Le Moiturier is often suggested to have produced the eight near life-sized mourners.
The tomb has eight life-sized pleurants, represented as solemn and hooded pallbearers, each wearing a heavy black coat as they carry Philippe's recumbent effigy towards their grave. Philippe is dressed in armor and a heraldic tunic, with their hands folded in prayer. The tomb is made of polychromed limestone, paint, gold and lead, it measures 181 (width) × 260 (height) × 167 (depth) cm.
The tomb was stolen during the French Revolution, and after changing a number of hands was positioned in private gardens in mansions in Dijon in the 19th century. It has been in the collection of the Musée du Louvre since 1899, where it is on permanent display.
Description
Philip the Bold (1363–1404) commissioned the first of the Burgundian tombs in the latter part of the 14th century. They hired the Dutch sculptor Claus Sluter, whose distinctive style in which many small pleurants are positioned surrounding the effigy was copied for the next century. Philippe Pot was Philip the Bold's godson, and royal flight attendant and Grand Seneschal to the Dukes of Burgundy. They were raised at the Burgundian court, where they were educated. Their tomb follows the tradition of the earliest ducal tombs; Sluter's influence is evident by the presence of pleurants.
Philippe Pot reposes on a limestone plate or slab, and is dressed in a knightly helmet, tunic and armor with a gilded breastplate. Their head rests on a cushion, their eyes are open and their hands are clasped in prayer. A sword lies to their side while a lion rests at their feet. The eight mourners carrying their body are carved in black stone, and dressed in full-length black-hooded habits. Each bows their head in grief, and each bears an individually designed gilded heraldic shield, which may refer to Philippe's lineage, making the monument of the "Kinship tomb" type. Their poise gives the impression of the slow movement of a funeral procession.
The tomb is in good condition, but has been restored in places; a 19th-century engraving shows Philippe's hands broken apart. The carvings on the edge of the slab are written in Gothic script and read CY DEMORRA MESSIR PHILIPPE POT [...] 7BRE AN MIL CCCCXCI [V].
Although the monument is the last known tomb of the Burgundian style, it influenced later funerary artworks. The sculptor transformed the conventional size and placement of pleurants, which had been relatively small figures standing in niches around the sarcophagus. Its influence is evidenced by the similar tombs of Louis de Savoisy (d. 1515) and Jacques de Mâlain (d. 1527).
Attribution
The monument was commissioned, perhaps by Philippe himself, to stand over their grave in the north arm of the chapel's transept. The artists and craftsmen involved in its production have not been identified, although the French sculptor Antoine Le Moiturier (active between 1482 and 1502) is often suggested as likely to have created the pleurants, given the similarity of the facial types to identified works of his, as well as, according to art historian Colum Hourihane, the "unusually rigid drapery". Guillaume Chandelier has also been suggested as involved, but there is little supporting evidence.
The tomb is in poor condition, covered by layers of brown dirt especially around the heraldry, as well as gloss and polyvinyl alcohol from an earlier cleaning. A major restoration, after period of renewed research by the Restoration Center of the Museums of France in 2016–2017, began in mid-2018.
The 2018 to 2019 restoration, conducted in situ, is described by the museum as having "remove the bleaching of the surface layer, the lightening of the black layer and phenomena of gloss, the removal of brown fouling of the blazons, the cleaning of the bare stone areas. After a review of this first phase, given the results and additional observations, the second phase provides for the resumption of some closures, the elimination of old retouching, patching and retouching harmonization."
Provenance
The tomb was seized by the state during the French Revolution, and sold in 1791 to the Duleu Society and Dardelin of Dijon. It was acquired in 1808 by Charles Richard de Vesvrotte, lord of Ruffey-lès-Beaune, following a legal case against the state. De Vesvrotte placed the tomb in the garden of their hôtel particulier (mansion) in Dijon, the Hôtel Petit de Ruffey. They then temporarily moved it to a castle grounds in their possession, and then relocated to another of their mansion's gardens.
It was purchased by the comte Armand de Vesvrotte in 1886, and by the Louvre in 1899.
References
Notes
Sources
Antoine, Elisabeth. Art from the Court of Burgundy: The Patronage of Philip the Bold and John the Fearless, 1364-1419. Seattle (WA): University of Washington, 2005.
De Winter, Patrick M. "Art from the Duchy of Burgundy". The Bulletin of the Cleveland Museum of Art, vol. 74, no. 10, 1987. 406–449.
Hofstatter, Hans. Art of the Middle Ages. Harry N. Abrams, 1968
Hourihane, Colum. The Grove Encyclopedia of Medieval Art and Architecture, Volume 1. Oxford University Press, 2012.
Jugie, Sophie. The Mourners: Tomb Sculpture from the Court of Burgundy . Paris: 1; First Edition, 2010.
McGee Morganstern, Anne. Gothic Tombs of Kinship in France, the Low Countries, and England. Penn State Press, 2000
Moffitt, John F. "Sluter's 'Pleurants' and Timanthes' 'Tristitia Velata': Evolution of, and Sources for a Humanist Topos of Mourning". Artibus et Historiae, vol. 26, no. 51, 2005.
Nash, Susie. Northern Renaissance art. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2008.
Panofsky, Irvin. Tomb Sculpture. London: Harry Abrams, 1964.
Sadler, Donna. Stone, Flesh, Spirit: The Entombment of Christ in Late Medieval Burgundy. Brill, 2015.
Sterling, Charles; Salinger, Margaretta. French Paintings: A Catalogue of the Collection of The Metropolitan Museum of Art. New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 1966
External links
Louvre entry
19th century photograph, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Funerary art
Gothic sculptures
Tombs in France
Richard Quincy "Tricky Dick" Thornton (November 1, 1939 – December 19, 2014) was an American gridiron football player and coach. They played professionally in the Canadian Football League (CFL) as a defensive back and wide receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Toronto Argonauts from 1961 to 1972.
College and NFL draft
Thornton was selected originally by the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League in the 1961 NFL Draft out of Northwestern University, where they starred at quarterback. The Browns immediately traded their rights to the St. Louis Cardinals, but Thornton went to play in Canada, where they starred mostly as a defensive back.
Winnipeg
Thornton was a star defensive back and wide receiver for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1961 to 1966. Thornton also subbed for Kenny Ploen when Winnipeg's starting quarterback was injured. They won two Grey Cup games with them, the first in 1961, the 49th Grey Cup that went in overtime, the second in 1962, the 50th Grey Cup, played in horrendous fog, both against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. In 1961, they did not play in the title game due to an injury. However, they were an important cog as cornerback on the 1962 team, after intercepting 4 passes and returning one for a touchdown, recovering two fumbles, and blocking a kick during the regular season.
In 1963, Thornton intercepted 6 passes, 3 of them for touchdowns, also returning a fumble for a touchdown. In 1964, they missed most of the season due to an injury, but recovered well in 1965, when they starred again at defensive back and wide receiver, their team making it to the 53rd Grey Cup, the nearly supernatural "Wind Bowl", this time losing to Hamilton. After 1966, when the Bombers did not make the playoffs, change was imminent.
Toronto
Thornton was traded to the Toronto Argonauts in 1967 and played with them up to 1972 as one of the best defensive backs in that era. Notably, they intercepted 7 passes in 1969 from the cornerback position. They were a CFL all-star and played in the rainy 59th Grey Cup game in 1971. Despite their return of an interception of 54 yards, Toronto lost a defensive struggle to the Calgary Stampeders, 14–11.
WFL
Thornton ended their playing career with the Memphis Southmen of the World Football League (WFL).
Coaching career and later life
In April 1976, Thornton was hired as athletic director and head football coach at Southwestern at Memphis—now known as Rhodes College. They resigned after the 1978 season.
Thornton retired to the Philippines with their family in 1994 and died of lung cancer, in Manila, in 2014.
Thornton was posthumously announced as a member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame 2022 class on June 21, 2022.
Head coaching record
References
1939 births
2014 deaths
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football defensive backs
Canadian football quarterbacks
Memphis Southmen players
Northwestern Wildcats football players
Rhodes Lynx athletic directors
Rhodes Lynx football coaches
Toronto Argonauts players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Sportspeople from Chicago
Coaches of American football from Illinois
Players of American football from Chicago
Deaths from lung cancer in the Philippines
1972 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 66th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1972 in water polo
1972 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Bryton McClure (born August 17, 1986), also credited as Bryton James and mononymously as Bryton, is an American musical theatre, film and television actor. As a child actor, they played Richie Crawford on the ABC/CBS sitcom Family Matters. They currently play Devon Hamilton on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless in which they won two Daytime Emmy Awards.
Early life
James was born in Lakewood, California, to Eric McClure (1961–2016) and Bette McClure, and raised in Fullerton, California. Bryton was exposed to music very early through their father, who was a musician, songwriter, and music producer.
Career
James started in show business when they were two years old. They appeared in commercials and magazine ads, including one with singer Michael Jackson. At the age of four, they began portraying Richie Crawford on the sitcom Family Matters, where they appeared from 1990 to 1997 in over 200 episodes.
They have portrayed Devon Hamilton on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless since June 2004. They won the 2007 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series, and earned nominations for the same award in 2006 and 2008. After being nominated for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actor in a Daytime Drama Series from 2005 through 2008, James won the award in 2009.
James was a guest star on the drama The Vampire Diaries during its second season as warlock Luka Martin. They voice Jason James/Z-Strap on Nicktoons animated series Zevo-3 and Virgil Hawkins/Static in the Cartoon Network series Young Justice: Invasion. They have also provided the voice of Mark Surge in Hero Factory. Their credits also include voice acting work as Freddie on the animated series The Kids From Room 402, Mowgli on The Jungle Book CD-ROM, and Zare Leonis on Star Wars Rebels. James was also a recording artist and performed on Disney Channel and other U.S. and international networks.
In July 2018, it was announced that James had joined the cast of Nickelodeon's upcoming animated series, Glitch Techs.
In 2020, they won the Daytime Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actor in a drama series for The Young and The Restless.
Personal life
James married Ashley Leisinger on March 16, 2011. The ceremony was officiated by their The Young and the Restless co-star Christian LeBlanc. In June 2014, James confirmed that they and Leisinger have since divorced but said they are still close friends. James began dating their co-star Brytni Sarpy in May 2019.
 They are best friends with their The Young and the Restless co-star Christel Khalil. Saying about their friendship: "Christel and I have practically grown up together and have experienced some of the same things in our adult lives. We've always had each other's backs. I'm an only child and Christel is the closest thing I have to a sibling." James is the godfather to Khalil's son, Michael Caden.  They are also godfather to their other The Young and the Restless co-star, Daniel Goddard's eldest son, Ford.
James is a spokesperson for many charitable organizations and founded RADDKids (Recording Artists, Actors and Athletes Against Drunk Driving) in 1996.
Filmography
AudioBooks
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
American male child actors
African-American male actors
American male pop singers
American male television actors
American male soap opera actors
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series winners
Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series winners
People from Lakewood, California
21st-century African-American male singers
William Billings (October 7, 1746 – September 26, 1800) is regarded as the first American choral composer, and leading member of the First New England School.
Life
William Billings was born in Boston, Massachusetts. At the age of 14, the death of their father stopped Billings' formal schooling. In order to help support their family, young Billings trained as a tanner. They possibly received musical instruction from John Barry, one of the choir members at the New South Church, but for the most part they were self-taught. Billings had an unusual appearance and a strong addiction to snuff. Their contemporary wrote that Billings "was a singular man, of moderate size, short of one leg, with one eye, without any address & with an uncommon negligence of person. Still, they spake & sung & thought as a man above the common abilities." Billings' wife died on March 26, 1795, leaving them with six children under the age of 18. They died in poverty in Boston on September 26, 1800. Their funeral was announced in the Columbian Centinel: "Died- Mr. William Billings, the celebrated music composer. Their funeral will be tomorrow at 4 o'clock, PM from the house of Mrs. Amos Penniman, in Chamber-street, West-Boston."
Music
Virtually all of Billings' music was written for four-part chorus, singing a cappella. Their many hymns and anthems were published mostly in book-length collections, as follows:
The New-England Psalm-Singer (1770)
The Singing Master's Assistant (1778)
Music in Miniature (1779)
The Psalm-Singer's Amusement (1781)
The Suffolk Harmony (1786)
The Continental Harmony (1794)
Sometimes Billings would revise and improve a song, including the new version in their next volume.
Billings' music can be at times forceful and stirring, as in their patriotic song
"Chester"; ecstatic, as in their hymn "Africa"; or elaborate and celebratory, as in their "Easter Anthem" and "Rose of Sharon".
"Jargon," from Singing Master's Assistant, shows their wit. Written as an answer to a criticism of their use of harmony, "Jargon" contains a tongue-in-cheek text, and jarring dissonances that sound more like those of the 20th century than of the 18th. Billings followed up "Jargon" with their address "To the Goddess of Discord".
They also wrote several Christmas carols, including "Judea" in 1778 and "Shiloh" in 1781.
Billings as a writer
Verse
Most of the texts that Billings used in their works come from the poetry of Isaac Watts. Other texts were drawn from Universalist poets and local poets, whereas Billings themselves wrote the text to about a dozen of their compositions.
As an example, compare Billings' metrical rendering of Luke 2:8–11 with that of Nahum Tate, thought to be the inspiration for Billings' work:
Tate:
Billings:
Pedagogical writing
Billings wrote long prefaces to their works in which they explained (often in an eccentric prose style) the rudiments of music and how their work should be performed. Their writings reflect their extensive experience as a singing master. They also provide information on choral performance practice in Billings's day; for instance, a passage from the preface to The Continental Harmony indicates that Billings liked to have both men and women sing the treble (top) and tenor lines, an octave apart:
Singing schools
Billings was involved in teaching singing schools throughout their life. In 1769, when Billings was twenty-three years old, the following announcement appeared in the Boston Gazette: "John Barrey & William Billings Begs Leave to inform the Publick, that they propose to open a Singing School THIS NIGHT ... where any Person inclining to learn to Sing may be attended upon at said School with Fidelity and Dispatch." They taught a singing school in Stoughton, Massachusetts in 1774 and all the pupils names were listed They were listed as "singing master" in the Boston city directory up until 1798. In the preface to the Singing Master's Assistant, Billings included advice for the practical running of a singing school, including topics such as logistics, expectations for manners and attentiveness in students, and the need for the supremacy of the teacher's musical decisions.
Reception
Billings' work was very popular in its heyday, but their career was hampered by the primitive state of copyright law in America at the time. By the time the copyright laws had been strengthened, it was too late for Billings: the favorites among their tunes had already been widely reprinted in other people's hymnals, permanently copyright-free.
With changes in the public's musical taste, Billings' fortunes declined. Their last tune-book, The Continental Harmony, was published as a project of their friends, in an effort to help support the revered but no longer popular composer. Their temporary employment as a Boston street sweeper was probably a project of a similar nature.
Billings died in poverty at age 53, and for a considerable time after their death, their music was almost completely neglected in the American musical mainstream. However, their compositions remained popular for a time in the rural areas of New England, which resisted the newer trends in sacred music. Moreover, a few of Billings' songs were carried southward and westward through America, as a result of their appearance in shape note hymnals. They ultimately resided in the rural South, as part of the Sacred Harp singing tradition.
In the latter part of the twentieth century a Billings revival occurred, and a sumptuous complete scholarly edition of their works was published (see Books, below). Works by Billings are commonly sung by American choral groups today, particularly performers of early music. In addition, the recent spread of Sacred Harp music has acquainted many more people with Billings' music: several of their compositions are among the more frequently sung of the works in the Sacred Harp canon.
Other
The Stoughton Musical Society, formed by former students of Billings, has carried on their tradition for over 200 years, and included twenty-seven Billings tunes in their 1878 music collection, The Stoughton Musical Society's Centennial Collection of Sacred Music. Among the favorite tunes by Billings sung by this choral society are: "Majesty" and "Chester".
The modern American composer William Schuman featured Billings' American Revolutionary War anthem "Chester", along with two other of Billings' hymns ("When Jesus Wept" and "Be Glad Then, America"), in their composition New England Triptych (1956).
William Billings was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1970.
American composer Roger Lee Hall had the premiere of their choral work in 1980 entitled "The Pleasures of Variety - Homage to William Billings."
In 1996, modern dance choreographer Twyla Tharp premiered a piece entitled "Sweet Fields" using many hymns by Billings and other early American choral composers.
American composer John Cage incorporated chance-derived fragmentations of many of Billings compositions in their works centered around the bicentennial celebration commissions that they received, including "Apartment House 1776", "44 Harmonies", and "Quartets I-VIII". Cage also employed the music of other Colonial-era composers in these works as well.
Billings's works
Complete works of William Billings in four volumes, edited by Karl Kroeger and Hans Nathan:
The New England psalm-singer. University of Virginia Press (1981).
The Singing Masters Assistant, Music in Miniature. University of Virginia Press (1984). .
The Psalm-Singer's Amusement. University of Virginia Press (1987). .
References
Citations
Sources
Gary, Charles & Mark, Michael. (2007). A History of American Music Education. Rowman & Littlefield Education: UK.
External links
William Billings and Stoughton Musical Society
Art of the States: William Billings
"Wake Ev'ry Breath: Recording by William Appling Singers & Orchestra
1746 births
1800 deaths
18th-century American composers
18th-century American musicians
18th century in Boston
18th-century male musicians
American composers
American male composers
Burials in Boston
Musicians from Boston
People from colonial Boston
People of colonial Massachusetts
Shape note
Tanners
Heohiivka () may refer to several places in Ukraine:
Heorhiivka, Cherkasy Oblast
Heorhiivka, Crimea
Heorhiivka, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
Heorhiivka, Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast
Heorhiivka, Volnovakha Raion, Donetsk Oblast
Heorhiivka, Kherson Oblast
Heorhiivka, Luhansk Oblast
Heorhiivka, Zaporizhzhia Oblast
The 2011 Calgary Stampeders season was the 54th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 73rd overall. The Stampeders finished in 3rd place in the West Division with an 11–7 record and lost the West Semi-Final game to the Edmonton Eskimos.
Offseason
CFL Draft
The 2011 CFL Draft took place on Sunday, May 8, 2011. The Stampeders had six selections in the draft, with the first coming in the third spot overall, after trading their sixth overall pick to the BC Lions. Through the trade, Calgary was able to select local star receiver Anthony Parker with their first pick, who was ranked as the number one receiver available in the draft. The Stampeders also selected Ottawa Quarterback Brad Sinopoli, who had been discussed as the best non-import QB to be available in a long time.
Preseason
Regular season
Season standings
Season schedule
The September, 25 game against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats will be played in Moncton, New Brunswick as a part of the Touchdown Atlantic series.
Roster
Coaching staff
Playoffs
Schedule
Bracket
*-Team won in Overtime.
West Semi-Final
References
Calgary Stampeders seasons
CalgCalgary Stampeders Season, 2011
2011 in Alberta
Hurst-Pierrepont Estate is a historic estate located at Garrison in Putnam County, New York. It was designed by architect Alexander Jackson Davis (1803-1892) for Edwards Pierrepont (1817-1892) and built in 1867. It is a two-story brick Gothic villa. It features a four-story, flat roofed tower. Also on the property is a cow barn and carriage house.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Gothic Revival architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1867
Houses in Putnam County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County, New York
Loanda may mean:
Loanda, Paraná, a city in Brazil
Loanda, Gabon, a city in Gabon
Luanda, capital city of Angola (old spelling)
Loanda, a housing development in Newry, Northern Ireland
Mark Anthony Miloscia (born September 13, 1958) is an American politician and former public school teacher who served in the Washington State Senate from 2015 to 2019. A Democrat for more than twenty years, in 2014 they switched to the Republican Party and ran for election to represent the 30th Legislative District in the state senate - winning by more than ten percentage points. In 2016, Miloscia ran for state auditor as a Republican, they lost the general election to Democrat Pat McCarthy by 5 percentage points. They represented the 30th legislative district for seven terms, from 1999 to 2013, in the Washington House of Representatives. They were endorsed by The Seattle Times newspaper for re-election in 2018.
Personal life
Miloscia was born in Biloxi, Mississippi, and lived there until the age of six when their family moved to New York City. They lived with their family in New York City until graduating from Francis Lewis High School.
 They are a retired officer of the United States Air Force. They were a B-52 pilot and a contract manager for the Air Force for 10 years. They hold a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from the United States Air Force Academy, a Master of Arts (MA) degree from Chapman University in clinical psychology, and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree from the University of North Dakota. They have also completed the Leadership Program at the Taubman Center for State and Local Government at John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
They have resided in Auburn, Washington, and then Federal Way, Washington with their wife Meschell, their three children, and their grandchildren for the last 25 years.
Professional career
Miloscia is a lobbyist for the Washington State Catholic Conference of Bishops.  They are a substitute teacher for the Federal Way School District and the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle. They have also worked as the industrial services director for Goodwill Industries in Tacoma, the executive director of Federal Way Youth and Family Services, and as a commissioner for the Lakehaven Utility District.
they sit on the board of directors for the Federal Way Boys and Girls Club, is a member of St. Vincent's Knights of Columbus, and is a member of the Federal Way Chamber of Commerce.
In 2018 they became the executive director of the Family Policy Institute of Washington, a Family Research Council (FRC) operating under the umbrella of James Dobson's Focus on the Family.
Political career
Miloscia served seven terms in the Washington State House of Representatives as a Democrat. They were elected in 1998 from the 30th Legislative District, an area that includes Federal Way, Algona, and portions of Auburn, Pacific, Milton, and Des Moines.
On September 15, 2011, Miloscia announced their candidacy to run as a Democrat to replace retiring Washington State Auditor Brian Sonntag. Miloscia came under fire within their own party for their conservative positions on abortion and same-sex marriage, and they failed to receive its nomination. Miloscia was not among the top-two vote-getters in Washington's blanket primary system, garnering less than 10% of the vote, and thus did not appear on the November general election ballot. Fellow Democratic State Representative Troy Kelley was elected as state auditor in November 2012. Miloscia's seat in the legislature was won by Republican Federal Way City Councilperson Linda Kochmar.
While serving as a representative, Miloscia worked as a substitute teacher when the legislature was not in session. As of March 2014, Miloscia announced their candidacy for State Senate in the 30th Legislative District as a Republican.
On March 6, 2014, Miloscia switched to the Republican Party when they announced their candidacy for the State Senate in the 30th Legislative District in 2014 - an election they ultimately won by more than 11 points.
Miloscia is currently running for Washington secretary of state in the 2022 special election.
Awards
2017: Third Class of the Order of Merit of Ukraine
Electoral history
References
1958 births
21st-century American politicians
Aviators from Washington (state)
Chapman University alumni
Francis Lewis High School alumni
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Auburn, Washington
People from Federal Way, Washington
Politicians from Biloxi, Mississippi
Politicians from New York City
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 3rd class
United States Air Force Academy alumni
United States Air Force officers
University of North Dakota alumni
Washington (state) Democrats
Washington (state) Republicans
Washington (state) state senators
The 2009 American League Central tie-breaker game was a one-game extension to Major League Baseball's (MLB) 2009 regular season, played between the Detroit Tigers and Minnesota Twins to determine the champion of the American League's (AL) Central Division. It was played at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, on October 6, 2009. The Twins won the game 6–5 in 12 innings and advanced to the 2009 AL Division Series where they were swept by the New York Yankees; the Tigers failed to qualify for the postseason.
A tie-breaker was necessary after both teams finished the season with identical win–loss records of 86–76. The Twins, who had won the regular season series against the Tigers, 11 games to 7, were thus awarded home field due to a rules change prior to the 2009 season. It was the third tie-breaker played in MLB from 2007–2009. It was also the second consecutive tiebreaker for the AL Central title after 2008, when the Chicago White Sox defeated the Twins to win the division. The Twins became the only MLB team to contest tie-breaker games of any sort (divisional and/or wild card) in consecutive seasons. The tie-breaker counted as the 163rd regular season game played by both teams and all events in the game were added to regular season statistics. This was the Twins' final regular season game at the Metrodome as the team moved to Target Field for the 2010 season. The tie-breaker was later named the Best Regular-Season Game of the Decade by Sports Illustrated.
Background
The Tigers led the AL Central for periods at the start of the season in April, ultimately tying for the lead on May 10 and taking the lead outright on May 16. The Tigers held at least a share of the divisional lead from then onwards, holding their largest lead of 7 games on September 6. Although the Tigers went 16–12 in September, their second-best month by winning percentage in 2009, they won just 1 of 4 games in October. The Twins went 16–11 and 4–0, respectively, over this same stretch to tie the Tigers for the divisional lead after the 162-game regular season. More broadly, the Tigers were 48–39 over the first half of the season while the Twins were 45–44 but the Twins came back in the second half going 41–32 leading up to the tie-breaker while the Tigers went 38–37 over the same span. The Twins won 11 of the two teams' 18 match-ups that season prior to the tie-breaker.
This late-season competition for the AL Central title included a four-game series between the two teams from September 29 to October 1. The series, played at the Tigers' home field Comerica Park, started with a day-night doubleheader caused by a rainout the night before when the series was scheduled to start. The final game of the series featured moments of contention between the two teams. In the third inning, Nate Robertson hit Denard Span. Minnesota starter Scott Baker hit Marcus Thames with a pitch the next inning. Thames responded by sliding hard into second base to break up a potential double play that inning. Twins' reliever Jose Mijares then threw behind the Tigers' Adam Everett in the eighth inning. Umpire Angel Hernandez warned Mijares and the Tigers bench, Tigers' manager Jim Leyland argued with Hernandez, and they were ejected. Despite the warning Minnesota's Delmon Young was hit in the knee with the first pitch in the ninth inning by Jeremy Bonderman. Bonderman was immediately ejected as was Tigers' catcher Gerald Laird who argued with Hernandez and the benches cleared, though there was no brawl. Bonderman was suspended for three games, and Tigers' hitting coach Lloyd McClendon—who had been acting as manager following Leyland's ejection—was suspended for a game. McClendon, Leyland, and Laird were all fined.
Ultimately, the four-game series was split with two wins for each team, and the Tigers maintained a two-game lead with three games remaining for each club. The Tigers lost two of their next three games to the Chicago White Sox, whereas the Twins swept the Kansas City Royals in a three-game series leaving both teams tied with an 86–76 record. A tiebreaker game would decide the winner of the Central division while the loser would be eliminated from playoff contention. Prior to the 2009 season, home field advantage in a tiebreaker game was decided by a series of coin tosses held towards the end of the regular season that would decide the home teams of all possible tiebreakers. A rule change following the 2008 season altered this process, leaving the site determined on a series of performance-based criteria beginning with the head-to-head record between the two teams that were tied. Therefore, the Twins took home-field advantage in this game, by virtue of winning the season series against the Tigers 11–7. The game was the third MLB tie-breaker in as many seasons, a record number for the league.
While October 5 had been the original scheduled date for a potential tiebreaker game, a scheduling conflict with the Minnesota Vikings, who were co-tenants of the Metrodome with the Twins, resulted in the tiebreaker game being moved a day later to October 6.
Game summary
The game was scoreless through the first two innings. Detroit took a three-run lead in the third inning which started when Curtis Granderson walked, advanced on a ground out, and scored on a single by Magglio Ordóñez to center field. Ordóñez was then brought home via a two-run home run by Tigers' first baseman Miguel Cabrera. The Twins responded in the bottom of the inning, with Matt Tolbert singling to lead off the inning, advancing to second base on a single by Denard Span, and then moving to third on a flyball out. Tigers' starter Rick Porcello attempted a pickoff throw to first which hit the baserunner Span and went past the first baseman Cabrera. Span was out but Tolbert was able to score on Porcello's throwing error.
The score remained 3–1 until the bottom of the sixth inning. Porcello got the first two batters of the inning out but then allowed a home run to Jason Kubel to bring the game within one run. Porcello then walked the next batter, Michael Cuddyer, and was relieved by Zach Miner. The Twins loaded the bases against Miner, but did not score again in the inning. Scott Baker, the Twins' starter, walked the first batter of the seventh and was relieved by Jon Rauch though no runs scored. The Twins took a 4–3 lead in the bottom of the seventh with a leadoff single by Nick Punto and a two-run home run by Orlando Cabrera. The Tigers responded, tying the game at 4 with a home run by Ordóñez in the top of the eighth off of Matt Guerrier. Guerrier allowed another two walks in the inning and was relieved by closer Joe Nathan who escaped the inning with no further scoring.
Nathan remained in the game, holding the Tigers scoreless in the ninth, while Tigers' closer Fernando Rodney did the same to Minnesota to force extra innings. Jesse Crain replaced Nathan in the top of the tenth and hit Aubrey Huff who was pinch hitting for Wilkin Ramirez. Don Kelly then pinch ran for Huff, and scored on a double by Brandon Inge to give the Tigers a 5–4 lead. The Tigers inserted Clete Thomas for Ordóñez in right field as a defensive replacement in the bottom of the tenth. However the Twins retied the game at 5–5 as Cuddyer led off the inning with a triple and, following a Delmon Young groundout and a walk to Brendan Harris, scored on a single by Tolbert. Alexi Casilla pinch-ran for Harris and advanced to third on Tolbert's single. Nick Punto then hit a fly ball to left-fielder Ryan Raburn. Casilla attempted to score on the play, but inadvertently inched off the base before the ball was caught, and had to return to the base before breaking for home. Catcher Gerald Laird successfully tagged out Casilla to complete the inning-ending double play.
Both teams were held scoreless in the 11th. The Tigers threatened to score in the top of the 12th, with a walk by Cabrera and a single by Kelly with one out. Twins pitcher Bobby Keppel then intentionally walked Raburn to load the bases, hoping they could induce a double play. Then, Keppel threw a fastball close to batter Brandon Inge with their first pitch. Inge believed they were hit by the ball and should advance to first, which would force a go-ahead run to score with the bases loaded, but home plate umpire Randy Marsh ruled the pitch did not hit Inge and allowed the at-bat to continue. Tigers' manager Jim Leyland would say later that "the replay kind of confirms that it did hit him," but Marsh maintained that replays were "inconclusive." Inge ultimately grounded into a force out at home and Laird would strikeout to close the top of the inning with no scoring. Carlos Gómez led off the bottom of the 12th with a single for the Twins and advanced to second on a ground-out. With first base open, the Tigers intentionally walked Delmon Young to bring up Casilla. Casilla atoned for their earlier base-running blunder by hitting a ground ball through the right side of the infield. The base hit allowed the speedy Gomez to score from second without a play, thus giving the Twins a 6–5 walk-off victory.
Aftermath
The tie-breaker win clinched the American League Central for the Twins and earned them a spot in the ALDS, in which they were swept by the New York Yankees in three games. The Tigers became the first team in MLB history to have a three-game division lead with four games remaining and lose the division.
MLB tie-breaker games counted as regular season games and this game affected certain statistical races for the 2009 season. For example, Jason Beck of MLB.com noted that if the umpire agreed with Brandon Inge on the contentious 12th inning call Inge would have tied for the most hit by a pitch in the American League. Twins' catcher Joe Mauer won the 2009 American League batting title, and their final batting average for the season moved from .364 to .365 in the game.
The game was later chosen by Sports Illustrated as the Best Regular-Season Game of the Decade.
References
General
Specific
American League Central tie-breaker game
Detroit Tigers postseason
Minnesota Twins postseason
Major League Baseball tie-breaker games
2009 in sports in Minnesota
2000s in Minneapolis
October 2009 sports events in the United States
Ceremony: Remixes and Rarities is a 2003 compilation by Santana and was the third album released under the Arista label. It was released on December 16, 2003 with a limited edition of 100,000 copies and featured five previously unreleased brand-new songs, newly recorded versions or remixes of five songs that came from the first two albums (Supernatural 1999 and Shaman 2002), and one key album track. The album cover is by Sal Garcia, a prominent member of California's Chicano art movement, former curator at Galeria de la Raza and known to many as "the Mayor of 24th Street".
Track listing
"Why Don't You & I" (new alternate version with Alex Band of The Calling on vocals)
"Smooth" (feat. Rob Thomas) (Chris Staropoli remix)
"Maria Maria" (feat. The Product G&B) (Wyclef remix)
"Foo Foo" (Sam "Sever" Citrin remix)
"Mañana"
"Truth Don Die"
"Let Me Love You Tonight" (bonus track from Shaman (International Version))
"Curación (Sunlight On Water)" (new track)
"Victory Is Won" (from Shaman)
"Come To My World"
"Primavera" (re-recorded version with Jerry Rivera on vocals)
References
External links
Official Galería de la Raza website
2003 compilation albums
2003 remix albums
Santana (band) compilation albums
Santana (band) remix albums
Arista Records compilation albums
Arista Records remix albums
Gladisa Guadalupe is the award-winning artistic director and co-founder of the current Cleveland Ballet, founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 2014.
Life and career
A native of San Juan, Puerto Rico, Guadalupe began their classical ballet training with Ballets de San Juan, becoming one the company's youngest members. As a young teenager, Guadalupe relocated to the United States on a scholarship to study under George Balanchine, father of American ballet, at the prestigious School of American Ballet in New York City.
Upon completing their studies, Guadalupe became a Principal Dancer, performing with the Ballets de San Juan, Ballet Nuevo Mundo de Caracas, Cleveland San Jose Ballet, and the second incarnation of Cleveland Ballet (1972-2000). They have danced under choreographers George Balanchine, Dennis Nahat, Ian Horvath, Margot Sappington, Ana Garcia, John Butler, Choo San Goh, and Louis Falco. Guadalupe has toured North America, South America, Asia, and Europe as a Principal Dancer.
In 2000, Guadalupe founded the Cleveland School of Dance (now known as the School of Cleveland Ballet). In addition to serving as the school's Director and Principal teacher, Guadalupe has also been an adjunct instructor for the Cecchetti Council of America, American Ballet Theatre, Ballet de San Juan, Ballet San Jose, Ohio Ballet, Rochester School of Ballet, and the University of Akron.
Cleveland Ballet
In 2014, Guadalupe and Ukrainian business person Michael Krasnyansky, founded a new incarnation of Cleveland Ballet to fill the city's void of a resident professional ballet company. The company has grown from 5 to 26 professional dancers, who have represented a total of 11 different nations in the initial five seasons. A resident company of Playhouse Square, Cleveland Ballet has earned critical acclaim and is one of the fastest growing ballet companies in the U.S.
In July 2015, Guadalupe was invited to serve on the Alumni Advisory Committee on Diversity and Inclusion at the School of American Ballet, official school of the New York City Ballet. They have received recognition as a Distinguished Teacher in the Arts and for Promotion of Excellence in the Arts by the National Foundation for Advancement in the Arts. Them extensive ballet experience as a Principal Dancer combined with their B.S. degree in psychology from Cleveland State University gives them a unique perspective as both a teacher and choreographer.
For their exceptional work with the ballet as its Artistic Director, Guadalupe received the YWCA's Women of Achievement award in 2021. In 2022, they were honored with an Ohio Arts Council Governor's Award under its Arts Administration category for their leadership and artistic vision in both the school and company.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American ballet dancers
Puerto Rican dancers
Ballet teachers
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Principal dancers
Ballet choreographers
Cleveland State University alumni
The Trail Mountain Fire was a wildfire burning in Manti-La Sal National Forest fifteen miles northwest of Orangeville, Utah in the United States. The fire was started on June 6, 2018, after the Trail Mountain prescribed burn escaped due to high winds.
Incidents
The Trail Mountain Fire began when the Trail Mountain prescribed burn escaped across Cottonwood Canyon Road to East Mountain on June 6, 2018, burning . By June 10, high wind gusts of 55 miles per hour caused the fire to grow into Meetinghouse Canyon. The heavy winds caused all air support fighting the fire to be grounded. One cabin in the Whetstone Creek area was burned. A temporary flight restriction was put in place for the area. Indian Creek Campground was closed.
By June 12, heavy smoked had permeated the area. The fire had expanded north into Deer Creek Canyon, Rilda Canyon and the plateaus above Mill Fork Canyon, which all feed into Huntington Canyon. The next day, Highway 31 was closed and areas of Huntington Canyon were closed and select campgrounds were evacuated. On June 14, the highway and Huntington Canyon reopened. However, the next day, June 15, Highway 31 was closed once again due to fire activity and heavy use of the highway by fire crews. By the end of the day, the fire had grown to and was ten percent contained.
Officials re-opened Highway 31 through Huntington Canyon on June 16. The fire had minimal activity due to high humidity and cloud cover. The northern part of the fire remained uncontained while crews focused on scattering cut vegetation, stabilizing soils, installing water bars to manage water and sediment, and removing hazardous, fire-weakened trees along roads in contained areas.
By June 22, Red Flag Warnings impacted the fire, pushing it into Crandall Canyon and keeping it active in Little Bear Canyon. The fire did not impact the Crandall Canyon Mine and memorial.
By June 27, the fire had burnt and was 80 percent contained. It was fueled by mixed conifer and dead and down timber.
References
June 2018 events in the United States
Emery County, Utah
Wildfires
2018 Utah wildfires
Vattan Sandhu is a Punjabi singer and actor.  They are known for their Punjabi songs. They were born in Sarwali Village, Gurdaspur. They rose to fame from their single "Lecture" which broke many records in Punjab. Dad vs. Son was their most successful track reaching over 2 million views as of September 2015.
Music career
Sandhu made their debut with the song Lecture which went on to become an instant success and brought them into the limelight in the Punjabi music industry. They saw further success with songs like "Dad vs. Son," and "Valentine Day". In 2015 their new single "Begani" was also setting a new stage for the Punjabi music industry.
Personal life
Vattan Sandhu is 24, started singing when they were 10 years old. Their father Tejwinder Singh Sandhu is in the Punjab police. They have one younger brother who is a professional photographer. They moved to London when they were 18; there they were selected for the British Army (soldier), but they decided to return to India to pursue singing.
Discography
References
Indian male voice actors
Punjabi-language singers
Punjabi music
Living people
Punjabi people
Bhangra (music) musicians
Indian male singers
1992 births
Planetary romance is a subgenre of science fiction in which the bulk of the action consists of adventures on one or more exotic alien planets, characterized by distinctive physical and cultural backgrounds. Some planetary romances take place against the background of a future culture where travel between worlds by spaceship is commonplace; others, particularly the earliest examples of the genre, do not, and invoke flying carpets, astral projection, or other methods of getting between planets. In either case, it is the planetside adventures which are the focus of the story, not the mode of travel.
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction mentions two caveats as to the usage of the term. First, while the setting may be in an alien world, its nature is of little relevance to the plot, as is the case of James Blish's A Case of Conscience. Second, hard science fiction tales are excluded from this category, where an alien planet, while being a critical component of the plot, is just a background for a primarily scientific endeavor, such as Hal Clement's Mission of Gravity, possibly with embellishments.
A significant precursor of the genre is Edwin L. Arnold's Lieut. Gullivar Jones: Their Vacation (1905).
In Science Fiction: The 100 Best Novels (1985), editor and critic David Pringle named Marion Zimmer Bradley and Anne McCaffrey two "leading practitioners nowadays" for the planetary romance type of science fiction.
There is a significant overlap of the genre with that of sword and planet.
Examples
In fiction
Almuric by Robert E. Howard
Arrakis (in the Dune series) by Frank Herbert
Barsoom (Mars) and Amtor (Venus) by Edgar Rice Burroughs
Callisto by Lin Carter
Darkover by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Eldorado by Francis Carsac
Several works by Alan Dean Foster: Midworld, Sentenced to Prism, Voyage to the City of the Dead, Drowning World, and most of the Flinx and Pip stories
Gor by John Norman
Hainish Cycle by Ursula K. Le Guin
The Books of the Raksura by Martha Wells
Helliconia by Brian Aldiss
Jack of Shadows by Roger Zelazny
Kregen by Kenneth Bulmer
Krishna by L. Sprague de Camp
Majipoor by Robert Silverberg
Pern by Anne McCaffrey
The Radio Man by Ralph Milne Farley
Riverworld, The Green Odyssey and World of Tiers by Philip José Farmer
The Saga of the Skolian Empire by Catherine Asaro, including the worlds of Raylicon, Balimul, Parthonia, Debra, and Skyfall.
The Space Trilogy by C. S. Lewis.
Michael Kane of Old Mars by Michael Moorcock
Tormance in A Voyage to Arcturus by David Lindsay
Much of the science fiction work of Jack Vance: the Big Planet duo, the Alastor trio, the Durdane trilogy, the Cadwal Chronicles trilogy, the Tschai or Planet of Adventure tetralogy, most of the Magnus Ridolph stories, the Demon Princes pentalogy, and various stand-alone novels such as Maske: Thaery and short stories such as The Moon Moth.
In comics
Adam Strange
Buck Rogers
Flash Gordon
Space Family Robinson
World of Two Moons/Abode—ElfquestElfquest
Den
The Trigan Empire
Apokolips and New Genesis—Fourth World
The Joker System—Five-Star Stories
"Planet Hulk"
"World War Hulk"
Ythaq: The Forsaken World ()
In film and television
Aquaman - film adaptation of Aquaman franchise primarily set in the fantastical and technologically advanced five kingdoms of Atlantis at the bottom of the sea
Avatar – James Cameron film set exclusively on the fictional world of Pandora.
Defiance – TV series set exclusively on a terraformed, altered version of Earth itself.
Earth 2 – TV series set exclusively on an Earth-like planet known as 'G889'.
Forbidden Planet — an early film in the genre (1956), set entirely on the planet Altair IV.
Irandaam Ulagam – Indian Tamil language film
John Carter – A film depicting a romanticized version of Mars (Barsoom).
Thor: Ragnarok - A film based on Planet Hulk, primarily set on the planets of Asgard and Sakaar
Miscellaneous
Byston Well — Aura Battler Dunbine
Eternia and Etheria — Masters of the Universe
Sagar — Blackstar
Third Earth — Thundercats
See also
Planets in science fiction
Soft science fiction
Space opera
References
External links
Planetary romance on The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction
A cypress dome is a type of freshwater forested wetland, or a swamp, found in the southeastern part of the United States. They are dominated by the Taxodium spp., either the bald cypress (Taxodium distichum), or pond cypress (Taxodium ascendens). The name comes from the dome-like shape of treetops, formed by smaller trees growing on the edge where the water is shallow while taller trees grow at the center in deeper water. They usually appear as circular, but if the center is too deep, they form a “doughnut” shape when viewed from above. Cypress domes are characteristically small compared to other swamps, however they can occur at a range of sizes, dependent on the depth.
Cypress domes form when pond cypress grow in shallow standing water. The ground level in the center of the dome may be several inches to a few feet lower than at the edge of the dome, but tree growth is more vigorous at the center of the dome. Thus, the treetops are higher at the center than at the edge of the dome.
Range
Cypress domes are found in the southeastern region of the United States. They form in flatland depressions in the Gulf coastal plain and southern Atlantic coastal plain, in the states of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana. Southern coastal plain nonriverine cypress domes are found throughout the southern coastal plains.
Cypress domes are the most common swamp habitat in Florida. Most abundant in Central Florida, they also occur in other areas of Florida north of the Florida Keys. South Florida cypress domes are found in southern Florida, in particular in and around the Everglades and the Big Cypress National Preserve. They are distinguished from southern coastal plain cypress domes by the presence of tropical understory species.
Hydrology
The water levels of dome swamps are naturally fluctuating and dependent on seasonal rainfall. Dome swamps derive most of their water through runoff from surrounding uplands. They also may be influenced by groundwater when they are directly connected to the aquifer. Groundwater particularly impacts the hydrology during periods of drought. Dome swamps can recharge the aquifers, acting as reservoirs. The average hydroperiod for a dome swamp is approximately 180 to 270 days per year. The water is deepest and remains the longest in the center of the dome. Prolonged dry and wet periods have a huge effect on cypress regeneration. Adult cypress trees are tolerant to extended periods of inundation, however their seeds cannot germinate underwater and may not survive.
Fire dependency
Cypress swamps occur in fire maintained communities. Fire is essential for maintaining the structure and species composition in these communities. Without periodic fires, cypress may become less dominant. Cypress is tolerant to light surface fires, due to their thick, fire-resistant bark. Surface fires act as a mechanism to remove potential competitors without tolerance and resilience to fires. However, catastrophic fires that burn into the peat can be detrimental to cypress trees, especially when there has been a long period with no fires. Catastrophic wildfires can alter the ground surface and transform a dome swamp into other types of wetlands, such as a wet prairie or shrub bog. Fire frequency is the greatest along the edge of the dome and least moving inwards. Along the edge, the normal fire period may be three to five years, whereas the center may be as long as 100 to 150 years. Due to cypress domes having a more variable hydroperiod, cypress domes tend to have more natural fires than larger cypress forests. Fire patterns impact the quality of ecological services provided by cypress domes, for example carbon storage and hydrologic storage.
List of species
Flora
Plant species that occur in cypress domes include:
Herbaceous species
toothed midsorus fern (Blechnum serrulatum)
false nettle (Boehmeria cylindrica)
sawgrass (Cladium jamaicense)
Carolina redroot (Lachnanthes caroliana)
taperleaf waterhorehound (Lycopus rubellus)
maidencane (Panicum hemitomon)
knotweeds (Polygonum spp.)
beaksedge (Rhynchospora spp.)
lizard's tail (Saururus cernuus)
cinnamon fern (Osmunda cinnamomea)
royal fern (Osmunda regalis var. spectabilis)
Virginia chain fern (Woodwardia virginica)
Miscellaneous species
duckweeds (Lemna, Spirodela, and Landoltia)
big floatingheart (Nymphoides aquatica)
orchids (Orchidaceae spp.)
bulltongue arrowhead (Sagittaria lancifolia)
floating water spangles (Salvinia minima)
sphagnum moss (Sphagnum spp.)
alligatorflag (Thalia geniculata)
wild pine (Tillandsia spp.)
Shrubs (uncommon)
common buttonbush (Cephalanthus occidentalis)
titi (Cyrilla racemiflora)
St. John's wort (Hypericum spp.)
Virginia willow (Itea virginica)
fetterbush (Lyonia lucida)
wax myrtle (Myrica cerifera)
coastalplain willow (Salix caroliniana)
Trees
red maple (Acer rubrum)
pond apple (Annona glabra, South Florida)
Coco plum (Chrysobalanus icaco, South Florida)
loblolly bay (Gordonia lasianthus)
dahoon (Ilex cassine)
sweetbay (Magnolia virginiana)
swamp bay (Persea palustris)
slash pine (Pinus elliottii)
Vines
white twinevine (Sarcostemma clausum)
laurel greenbrier (Smilax laurifolia)
Spanish moss (Tillandsia usneoides)
poison ivy (Toxicodendron radicans)
Fauna
Dome swamps provide breeding habitat for rare animals such as flatwoods salamanders (Ambystoma spp.), white ibis (Eudocimus albus), and wood storks (Mycteria americana). Other species include:
Florida black bear (Ursus americanus floridanus)
Florida panther (Puma concolor coryi)
Florida sandhill crane (Antigone canadensis pratensis)
American alligator (Alligator mississippiensis)
Cottonmouth (Agkistrodon piscivorus)
Striped newt (Notophthalmus perstriatus)
Carolina gopher frog (Lithobates capito)
Ornate chorus frog (Pseudacris ornata)
Similar cebrionid beetle (Selonodon similis)
Threats
The major threat to cypress swamps are humans. Anthropogenic alterations have negative impacts including hydrological modifications, logging, increased nutrients, pollution from agricultural runoff, and invasion of exotic species. Conversion of surrounding lands to urban development, pastures, and agriculture can impede natural fires and changes the hydrology. Changing the hydroperiods of cypress domes may limit reproduction of natural species and increase likelihood of invasive species. Invasive species threaten native species through competition for light, nutrients, and space.
Dome swamps have been used as a timber resource since the late 19th century. The rapid harvesting of cypress trees has made it difficult for them to regenerate and made them especially vulnerable.
In addition, dome swamps are used as areas to treat wastewater. This can cause increased nutrients, organic matter, and minerals to enter the swamp. This can increase aquatic plants, decrease oxygen in the water, and cause declines in native populations. Dome swamps treated with sewage may have higher water levels and litter production.
See also
References
Ecology of the United States
Natural history of Florida
Bodies of water
Swamps of Florida
In statistics, Ward's method is a criterion applied in hierarchical cluster analysis. Ward's minimum variance method is a special case of the objective function approach originally presented by Joe H. Ward, Jr. Ward suggested a general agglomerative hierarchical clustering procedure, where the criterion for choosing the pair of clusters to merge at each step is based on the optimal value of an objective function. This objective function could be "any function that reflects the investigator's purpose." Many of the standard clustering procedures are contained in this very general class. To illustrate the procedure, Ward used the example where the objective function is the error sum of squares, and this example is known as Ward's method or more precisely Ward's minimum variance method.
The nearest-neighbor chain algorithm can be used to find the same clustering defined by Ward's method, in time proportional to the size of the input distance matrix and space linear in the number of points being clustered.
The minimum variance criterion
Ward's minimum variance criterion minimizes the total within-cluster variance. To implement this method, at each step find the pair of clusters that leads to minimum increase in total within-cluster variance after merging. This increase is a weighted squared distance between cluster centers. At the initial step, all clusters are singletons (clusters containing a single point). To apply a recursive algorithm under this objective function, the initial distance between individual objects must be (proportional to) squared Euclidean distance.
The initial cluster distances in Ward's minimum variance method are therefore defined to be the squared Euclidean distance between points:
Note: In software that implements Ward's method, it is important to check whether the function arguments should specify Euclidean distances or squared Euclidean distances.
Lance–Williams algorithms
Ward's minimum variance method can be defined and implemented recursively by a Lance–Williams algorithm. The Lance–Williams algorithms are an infinite family of agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithms which are represented by a recursive formula for updating cluster distances at each step (each time a pair of clusters is merged). At each step, it is necessary to optimize the objective function (find the optimal pair of clusters to merge). The recursive formula simplifies finding the optimal pair.
Suppose that clusters and were next to be merged. At this point all of the current pairwise cluster distances are known. The recursive formula gives the updated cluster distances following the pending merge of clusters and . Let
, , and be the pairwise distances between clusters , , and , respectively,
be the distance between the new cluster and .
An algorithm belongs to the Lance-Williams family if the updated cluster distance can be computed recursively by
where and are parameters, which may depend on cluster sizes, that together with the cluster distance function determine the clustering algorithm. Several standard clustering algorithms such as single linkage, complete linkage, and group average method have a recursive formula of the above type. A table of parameters for standard methods is given by several authors.<ref>Cormack, R. M. (1971), "A Review of Classification", Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series A, 134(3), 321-367.</ref>Milligan, G. W. (1979), "Ultrametric Hierarchical Clustering Algorithms", Psychometrika, 44(3), 343–346.
Ward's minimum variance method can be implemented by the Lance–Williams formula. For disjoint clusters and with sizes and respectively:
Hence Ward's method can be implemented as a Lance–Williams algorithm with
Variations
The popularity of the Ward's method has led to variations of it. For instance, Wardp introduces the use of cluster specific feature weights, following the intuitive idea that features could have different degrees of relevance at different clusters.
References
Further reading
Everitt, B. S., Landau, S. and Leese, M. (2001), Cluster Analysis, 4th Edition, Oxford University Press, Inc., New York; Arnold, London.
Hartigan, J. A. (1975), Clustering Algorithms, New York: Wiley.
Jain, A. K. and Dubes, R. C. (1988), Algorithms for Clustering Data, New Jersey: Prentice–Hall.
Kaufman, L. and Rousseeuw, P. J. (1990), Finding Groups in Data: An Introduction to Cluster Analysis'', New York: Wiley.
Cluster analysis algorithms
The Guayllabamba is a river that originates in the east of Pichincha in northern Ecuador and flows into the Esmeraldas River. The river is named after the Guayllabamba plain.
Rivers of Ecuador
Troy Airport may refer to:
Troy Airport in Troy, Montana, United States (FAA: 57S)
Troy Municipal Airport in Troy, Alabama, United States (FAA/IATA: TOI)
Troy Skypark in Troy, Ohio, United States (FAA: 37I)
Oakland/Troy Airport in Troy, Michigan, United States (FAA: VLL)
The San Marino and Rimini Riviera Grand Prix is a motorcycling event that is part of the World Motorcycle Racing season. The name of the race is a misnomer as the race has always taken place in Italy, but because there is already an Italian motorcycle Grand Prix, it was called the San Marino Grand Prix because of the track location's proximity to San Marino. The event is due to take place at the Misano World Circuit Marco Simoncelli until at least 2026.
History
The inaugural San Marino Grand Prix was held in 1981 at the Autodromo Dino Ferrari, then moved to the Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello for the 1982 race. In 1983, they returned to the Autodromo Dino Ferrari and in 1984 they once again returned to the Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello. From the 1985 season onwards the venue hosting the San Marino round was the Circuito Internazionale Santa Monica.
The round was taken off the calendar in 1988 but got added back in 1991, this time on the Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello. The round was not present in 1992 due to Bernie Ecclestone and the IRTA meddling with the selected grands prix chosen (see the FIM–IRTA war for more information on that) but returned in the 1993 on the same venue as before.
After that, the San Marino round was taken off the calendar for the 1994 season and it would take 13 years before the San Marino race would return in the 2007 season, where it has stayed on the calendar ever since.
Official names and sponsors
1981, 1991, 1993: Gran Premio di San Marino (no official sponsor)
1982, 1984–1986: Gran Premio San Marino (no official sponsor)
1983: Gran Premio S. Marino (no official sponsor)
1987: Grand Prix San Marino (no official sponsor)
2007–2009: Gran Premio Cinzano di San Marino e Della Riviera di Rimini
2010–2013: Gran Premio Aperol di San Marino e Riviera di Rimini
2014–2016: Gran Premio TIM di San Marino e della Riviera di Rimini
2017–2018: Gran Premio Tribul Mastercard di San Marino e della Riviera di Rimini
2019, 2021: Gran Premio Octo di San Marino e della Riviera di Rimini
2020: Gran Premio Lenovo di San Marino e della Riviera di Rimini
2022: Gran Premio Gryfyn di San Marino e della Riviera di Rimini
Winners of the San Marino motorcycle Grand Prix
Multiple winners (riders)
Multiple winners (manufacturers)
By year
References
San Marino motorcycle Grand Prix
Recurring sporting events established in 1981
1981 establishments in Italy
Violence Against Women is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of women's studies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Claire M. Renzetti (University of Kentucky). It was established in 1995 and is currently published by SAGE Publications. The journal covers topics such as domestic violence, sexual assault, and incest.
Abstracting and indexing
Violence Against Women is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.588, ranking it 9th out of 42 journals in the category "Women's Studies".
See also
List of women's studies journals
References
English-language journals
Family therapy journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1995
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Sociology journals
Works about violence against women
Women's studies journals
Violence journals
Mercedes Otero de Ramos (April 16, 1938 – June 20, 2012) was a Puerto Rican politician and public servant from the Popular Democratic Party (PPD). Otero served as Secretary of the Puerto Rico Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation from 1985 to 1992. After that, they served as member of the Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001.
Studies and personal life
Mercedes Otero received a Bachelor's degree in Secondary Education from the University of Puerto Rico. They also completed a Master's degree in Business Education, with a minor in Secretarial Science and Counseling, and a Doctorate in Sociology and Criminology, both from the University of Missouri.
Otero was married to Israel Ramos Perea. They had a son together: Pedro.
Professional career
Otero worked as a teacher in the public school system, in the Puerto Rican College of Girls, and in the University of Puerto Rico for more than 30 years.
Public service: 1985–1992
In 1985, Otero was appointed by Governor Rafael Hernández Colón as Secretary of the Puerto Rico Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation. During their time leading the public agency, the inmates referred to them as "Mamá Meche". During their time, they implemented the first program to grant paroles to certain prisoners with constant electronic surveillance. They also wrote papers on women in the penitentiary system.
In 1992, Otero resigned when they considered that some of the signed agreements from a case couldn't be granted.
Political career: 1992–2001
Otero was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election as a Senator At-large. Otero was reelected at the 1996 general election. Fellow senator Eduardo Bhatia described Otero as their "comrade in arms, mentor, and teacher."
Return to private life and death: 2001–2012
After retiring from the Senate, Otero returned to their private life. In 2002, they suffered a stroke and a myocardial infarction, but recovered.
In March 2012, Otero was honored by the Puerto Rico House of Representatives, along with other female legislators, for their public service. Several months later, they were hospitalized with a swelling in the stomach. It was later revealed that their appendix had broken without noticing, causing the swelling. Otero died on June 20, 2012, at the Hospital del Maestro in Hato Rey a sector of San Juan.
Otero's remains were exposed at Ehret Funeral Home in Río Piedras and cremated the next day after a religious service. Governor Luis Fortuño declared three days of mourning.
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
1938 births
2012 deaths
Deaths from appendicitis
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
People from Ciales, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican educators
Puerto Rican Roman Catholics
University of Missouri alumni
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Hurricane at Pilgrim Hill is a 1950 American Western television film produced by Hal Roach Jr. for Magnavox Theatre. The film was directed by Richard L. Bare and starred Clem Bevans, Cecil Kellaway and Virginia Grey. The film was included in a series of hour-long television films produced by Magnavox Theatre, it aired December 8, 1950.
Plot summary
Cast
Clem Bevans as Sam "Bigmouth" Smedley
Cecil Kellaway as Jonathan Huntoon Smith
David Bruce as Tom Adams, Smith's Attorney
Virginia Grey as Janet Smedley Adams
Robert Board as Steve Terhune
Leslie Banning as Debbie Smith, Jonathan's Daughter
Syd Saylor as Sheriff Luke Arundle
Frank Lackteen as Broken Head (Running Deer in Credits)
Oliver Blake as Running Deer (Broken Head in Credits)
Billy Gray as Johnny, Bigmouth's Grandson
Ann Doran as Katie, their mother
Harry Hayden as Man on Train
References
External links
1950 films
American black-and-white films
1950s Western (genre) comedy films
Films directed by Richard L. Bare
American Western (genre) comedy films
1950 comedy films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Teratyn-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Teratyn-Kolonia
The São Tomé weaver (Ploceus sanctithomae) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is endemic to São Tomé and Príncipe. They are found in the island of São Tomé. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
External links
Sao Tome Weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Ploceus
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Fauna of São Tomé Island
Birds described in 1848
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Yartsevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 3 as of 2002.
Geography
Yartsevo is located 38 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ivanovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Mathilde Brundage (September 22, 1859 – May 6, 1939) was an American actor. They appeared in 87 films between 1914 and 1928.
Also known as Bertha Brundage, they were born in Louisville, Kentucky. For much of their life, their family thwarted their desire to act on stage.
Brundage's film debut came in The Crucible (1914); their last film was That's My Daddy (1928).
On May 6, 1939, Brundage died in St. Mary's Hospital in Long Beach, California.
Selected filmography
A Woman's Resurrection (1915)
A Royal Family (1915)
Emmy of Stork's Nest (1915)
The Beloved Vagabond (1915)
The River of Romance (1916)
Them Debt of Honor (1916)
The Great Problem (1916)
Enlighten Thy Daughter (1917)
Bridges Burned (1917)
The Waiting Soul (1917)
The Soul of a Magdalen (1917)
Wife Number Two (1917)
Thou Shalt Not Steal (1917)
The Little Terror (1917)
The Slacker (1917)
Reputation (1917)
Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman (1917)
Wives of Men (1918)
Suspicion (1918)
The Silent Woman (1918)
The Career of Katherine Bush (1919)
Them Game (1919)
Three Green Eyes (1919)
The Silent Barrier (1920)
Dangerous Business (1920)
The Man Who Lost Himself (1920)
Hail the Woman (1921)
The Unknown Wife (1921)
The Lady from Longacre (1921)
Lovetime (1921)
My Boy (1921)
No Defense (1921)
The Rage of Paris (1921)
The Primitive Lover (1922)
Shirley of the Circus (1922)
A Front Page Story (1922)
Fashion Row (1923)
Strangers of the Night (1923)
Refuge (1923)
Oh, You Tony! (1924)
One Glorious Night (1924)
The Charmer (1925)
Seven Sinners (1925)
Anything Once (1925)
Men of the Night (1926)
The Midnight Message (1926)
Racing Romance (1926)
Silver Comes Through (1927)
Tongues of Scandal (1927)
That's My Daddy (1928)
References
External links
1859 births
1939 deaths
American film actores
American silent film actores
Actresses from Louisville, Kentucky
20th-century American actores
Weston is a town in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. It is part of the City of Cessnock local government area, located approximately from Cessnock. At the 2016 census it recorded a population of 3,693.
Weston's post office opened on 25 January 1904.
Notes
References
Suburbs of City of Cessnock
Towns in the Hunter Region
Samu Kasperi Kapanen (born 23 July 1996) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward for the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League (NHL). They made their Liiga debut playing with KalPa during the 2012–13 SM-liiga season. Kapanen was selected by the Penguins in the first round, 22nd overall, of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. On 1 July 2015, they were traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs; they were traded back to the Penguins five years later.
On 12 January 2013, Kapanen played alongside their father Sami Kapanen in a SM-liiga game.
Playing career
Junior
Prior to the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Kasperi Kapanen's father, Sami Kapanen, was part of a group that purchased the latter's junior team in Finland, KalPa. Having owned the team since, it was no surprise when Kasperi Kapanen made their bantam debut with KalPa's under-16 affiliate in the Jr. C SM-Sarja. Kasperi Kapanen led the team in goals and was second in points, though failed to help them win their playoff qualifier. The following year, as a 15-year-old, Kasperi spent only eight games on the under-16 squad (scoring 16 points in the process) before graduating to the under-18 team playing in the Jr. B SM-Sarja. Kapanen continued their torrid scoring with 24 points in 25 games, finishing second in both goals (13) and points. Their third season in Finland's junior system saw more of the same as they swiftly advanced to the under-20 team playing in the Jr. A SM-Liiga and recorded 29 points in 36 games, again leading the team in goals (14) and finishing fourth in points. During the 2012–13 season, they also spent 13 games with the senior KalPa team in the SM-Liiga, Finland's top professional league, playing alongside their father. At the end of the year, Kapanen was selected to play for the Finland under-18 national team at the 2013 IIHF World U18 Championships. Kapanen led Finland in goals and was second in points as they helped the team to a bronze medal finish.
Entering their draft year as one of the top European prospects, Kapanen spent most of the season with KalPa, scoring 7 goals in 47 games for a team that finished last in the league. They were expected to be an impact player for the Finland under-20 team at the 2014 World Junior Championship but was injured in the last practice before the tournament began and was unable to participate. The lost opportunity did not affect Kapanen's draft stock as they finished atop both the mid-season and final Central Scouting rankings amongst European-based skaters. With KalPa and its under-20 affiliate both eliminated from the respective playoffs, Kapanen was sent to the KalPa under-18 team for the end of their season and aided the Jr. B SM-Sarja team in its third-place league finish. Kapanen tied for the team lead in playoff goals with six despite playing in only four games. Kapanen found themselves on Finland's under-18 team for a second consecutive year, but managed just two points in five games as Finland was eliminated in the quarter-final round following a heavy 10–0 loss to Sweden.
Despite being ranked as the 10th-, 13th- and 18th-best overall prospect by several NHL teams, Kapanen was ultimately selected 22nd overall by the Pittsburgh Penguins, the second-straight year Pittsburgh had selected a Finn in the first round of the NHL Entry Draft, after Olli Määttä in 2012. Jim Rutherford, the Penguins' general manager at the time, had also drafted Kasperi's father when they were a general manager of the Hartford Whalers in 1995. On 11 July 2014, Kapanen signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Penguins.
On 1 July 2015, Kapanen was traded to the Toronto Maple Leafs in a blockbuster, multi-player deal involving star forward Phil Kessel.
At the 2016 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship, Kapanen scored the game-winning goal in overtime against Russia to win the gold medal.
Professional
Toronto Maple Leafs
Kapanen began the 2015–16 season with the Maple Leafs' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Toronto Marlies. As the youngest player in the AHL, Kapanen played well in their role on a deep Marlies team that finished first in league standings. They made their NHL debut on 29 February 2016 against the Tampa Bay Lightning as part of a night where four players would make their debut, including William Nylander. Kapanen would play nine games for the struggling Maple Leafs, recording no points before being returned to the Marlies for the team's 2016 Calder Cup playoff run. Despite finishing as the top seed, the Marlies were eliminated in the Eastern Conference Finals by the Hershey Bears.
Kapanen returned to the Marlies the following season and quickly became one of their best players. Despite periods of injury, they scored at a pace of a point-a-game before an injury to Maple Leafs forward Nikita Soshnikov resulted in Kapanen being recalled to the Maple Leafs late in the season. Kapanen took a role on the fourth line alongside Brian Boyle and Matt Martin, playing well in limited minutes. They scored their first NHL goal on 8 April 2017 against the Penguins, the team that had drafted him. The goal was a vital one in a game that saw the team clinch a spot in the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since 2013, a remarkable feat considering the Maple Leafs finished last in the entire league the previous season. A week later, they scored with 8:07 left in double overtime in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals as their Maple Leafs defeated the Washington Capitals 4–3 to tie the series at one game apiece. The Leafs ended up losing the series in six games.
Kapanen was sent down to the Marlies to begin the 2017–18 season, but was recalled on 28 October 2017 after playing six games for the Marlies. They were sent back down to the Marlies on 7 November, only to be recalled again on 12 December. They had been selected for the 2018 AHL All-Star Game, but was replaced by Andreas Johnsson. Kapanen recorded their first and only goal of the 2018 playoffs in Game 7 against the Boston Bruins, becoming the youngest player in NHL history to score a shorthanded goal in a Game 7. The Maple Leafs lost the series 3–4. Following the Maple Leafs' defeat, Kapanen joined the Finland senior national team at the 2018 IIHF World Championship.
After attending the Maple Leafs' training camp, Kapanen began the 2018–19 season NHL. As teammate William Nylander remained unsigned and in contract negotiations with Toronto, Kapanen replaced their spot on the team's top line. Kapanen finished the season with 20 goals and 44 points in 78 games.
On 28 June 2019, Kapanen signed a new three-year, $9.6 million contract with Toronto worth an annual average value of $3.2 million.
Pittsburgh Penguins
On 25 August 2020, Kapanen was traded by the Maple Leafs back to the Pittsburgh Penguins, along with Pontus Åberg and Jesper Lindgren, in exchange for Filip Hållander, David Warsofsky, and Pittsburgh's first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Entry Draft (Rodion Amirov).
As a restricted free agent following the season, Kapanen was signed to a two-year, $6.4 million contract extension with the Penguins on 21 July 2022.
Personal life
Despite being born in and playing in the city of Kuopio, Finland, Kapanen considers themselves a Philadelphia native, having spent much of their formative years in the city while their father was playing for the Philadelphia Flyers. Regardless, they describe themselves as a "kid from Finland". Kapanen lived in Farmington, Connecticut, and Cary, North Carolina, prior to their father Sami's trade from the Hartford Whalers/Carolina Hurricanes franchise.
Kapanen spent parts of the 2012–13 and 2013–14 seasons playing with their father for KalPa in the SM-liiga. They have three siblings Cassandra born 1999, Camila born 2001, and Konsta born 2003.
Kasperi is the grandson of former professional ice hockey player Hannu Kapanen, the nephew of Kimmo Kapanen, and the cousin of Oliver Kapanen.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Barys Astana draft picks
Ice hockey players at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics
Youth Olympic gold medalists for Finland
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Canada
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Finnish ice hockey right wingers
KalPa players
People from Kuopio
Pittsburgh Penguins draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins players
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Toronto Marlies players
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins players
Sportspeople from North Savo
Centrax, also known as Centrax Limited is an engineering company based in Newton Abbot, Devon in the power generation industry making generating sets with Siemens gas turbine engines. These are known as industrial gas turbines.
History
Centrax was founded in 1946 by Richard HH Barr OBE, the chairperson, Geoffrey R White, the technical director, who had worked with Sir Frank Whittle in the early stages of jet engines at Power Jets and Joseph Salim Peress.
In 1955 Centrax opened its compressor and turbine blade factory in Devon and became Centrax Ltd. In 1964 it entered into a joint arrangement with Misco Precision Casting (the Michigan-based Misco division of Howmet Castings of Ohio) of the US and formed Central-Misco Ltd, a division of the company that made metal products with investment casting. It operated separate to the main company.
Centrax has two main operating Divisions: Centrax Limited and Centrax Turbine Components Limited.
The Gas Turbine Division designed, built and packages its own small gas turbine for industrial uses and since 1979, Centrax has been packaging the Rolls-Royce 501 aeroderivative gas turbine engine. In 2007 signed an exclusive deal with Rolls-Royce to package the 64 MW Rolls-Royce Trent 60 engine in a generating set in Europe-wide industrial projects. It opened a new factory on its site to build the Trent 60 sets.
In 2011 Centrax Limited signed an agreement with Siemens to package the Siemens 300 and 400 industrial gas turbines for markets in UK, France, Italy, The Netherlands and Belgium.
Awards
In 2010 and 2002 it won a Queen's Award for Enterprise, and in 1969 a Queen's Award to Industry for export achievement.
Structure
Centrax has two divisions:
Gas Turbine Division
Centrax Limited packages the Rolls-Royce 501 range of industrial gas turbines (Now part of the Siemens portfolio and brought to market as the Siemens SGT-A05 AE since 2017) which range from 3.9 to 5.2 Megawatts as well as the Rolls-Royce Trent 60 gas turbine (64 Megawatts). Since 2011 Centrax has been packaging the Siemens 300 and 400 industrial gas turbines for 5 countries in Europe. This has since been expanded to all EU countries + Turkey. The main market for the division is the combined heat and power market in Europe including Eastern Europe and previously Russia.
Turbine Components
Centrax manufactures precision components for jet engines, namely compressor and turbine aerofoils (blades), discs, shafts and casings.
Worldwide
Centrax Ltd. has service depots in:
Zoeterwoude, Netherlands
Gießen (Wieseck), Germany
Warsaw, Poland
Montale (Rangone), Italy
Ormes, Loiret, France
Oeiras Municipality, Portugal
Castellón, Spain
Market
Centrax sells turbine blade components to civil and military aircraft companies and operators around the world. Centrax industrial gas turbine generating sets are sold for power generation and combined heat and power systems - usually large manufacturing plants that require large amounts of heating or steam. It exports 95% of its turnover.
Products
Throughout its history, Centrax's generating sets ranged from 3.9MW to 64MW and are based on the Rolls-Royce 501 (c.5MW) and Trent 60 engines. Centrax turbine components include much of a complete jet engine except to combustion equipment.
Since the signing of an exclusive packager agreement with Siemens in 2011 Centrax offers the following options of generating sets:
CX501 KB5 - 3.9MW
CX501 KB7 - 5.3MW
CX300 - 7.9MW
CX300 - 8.5MW
CX400 - 10.4MW
CX400 - 12.9MW
CX400 - 14.4MW
In the past they did offer the generating sets listed below, however they are no longer apart of the product range:
CX211 - 33MW
Trent 60WLE - 60.5MW
Trent 60WLE ISI - 64MW
See also
Components of jet engines
References
External links
Centrax website
Electrical generation engine manufacturers
Engineering companies of England
Newton Abbot
Companies based in Devon
British companies established in 1946
Electronics companies established in 1946
Manufacturing companies established in 1946
1946 establishments in England
Engine manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Giorgi Loria (, ; born 27 January 1986) is a Georgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot First Division club Anorthosis Famagusta FC.
Club career
During the 2014–15 season, Loria played for OFI Crete but due to the club's financial problems they left the club at the end of the season. According to a source, Loria had reached a verbal agreement with PAOK F.C. in early 2015, however they did not sign for the team.
The keeper was eventually signed by Olympiacos as a back-up of Roberto, since the second-choice goalkeeper Balázs Megyeri had left the Greek giants. Loria signed with Olympiacos for a two-year contract. OFI was rumored to have accepted a bid in the region of €700,000, as Loria was among the top goalies in the 2014-15 season. However, there are strong indications that the player was actually signed on a free transfer.
Loria quickly left Olympiacos due to personal issues and increased competition with teammates Stefanos Kapino and Andreas Gianniotis for the team's #2, while Roberto is undoubtedly the team's first-choice under their goalposts and one of Thrylos' captains. Olympiacos' latest intention to invest in the two young Greek prospects' development was a contributing factor for Loria's decision to leave the squad. Both the player and the club agreed that it is best to part ways. They signed for the Russian Premier League side Krylia Sovetov Samara shortly after.
On 21 August 2017, following Krylia Sovetov's relegation from the Russian Premier League, they joined Anzhi Makhachkala on loan for 2017–18 season.
On 18 January 2019, Loria signed with 2. Bundesliga side Magdeburg.
Anorthosis Famagusta
On 4 July 2019, they signed with Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta.
International career
Loria also plays for the national team of Georgia. They played the first two matches of 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA).
Career statistics
Club
Notes
Honours
Anorthosis
Cypriot Cup: 2020–21
Cypriot Super Cup: Runner-Up 2021
Dinamo Tbilisi
Georgian League: 2007–08, 2012–13, 2013–14
Georgian Cup: 2008–09, 2012–13, 2013–14
Georgian Super Cup: 2006, 2008
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Georgia (country)
Georgia (country) international footballers
Georgia (country) under-21 international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Dinamo Tbilisi players
OFI Crete F.C. players
Olympiacos F.C. players
Expatriate footballers from Georgia (country)
Expatriates from Georgia (country) in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Erovnuli Liga players
Super League Greece players
Russian Premier League players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
2. Bundesliga players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Ngola Kabangu (born 14 February 1943 in Bairro Operário, Luanda Province) is the President of the National Liberation Front of Angola (FNLA), a political party in Angola. They succeeded Holden Roberto, who led the party from its formation until their death in August 2007.
Party members elected Kabangu as President of the FNLA with 791 points, triumphing over rivals Carlinhos Zassala, who received 65, and Miguel Damiao, who received 13 points. Neither Zassala nor Damiao attended the electoral commission's announcement ceremony on November 11, 2007 to protest alleged voting irregularities.
Kabangu was the first candidate on the FNLA's national list in the September 2008 parliamentary election and was one of three FNLA candidates to win seats in the National Assembly.
References
Members of the National Assembly (Angola)
1943 births
Living people
People from Luanda Province
National Liberation Front of Angola politicians
20th-century Angolan people
21st-century Angolan politicians
Bottmingen Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Bottmingen in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
The castle was probably built in the second half of the 13th century. Its oldest documented owner was the Kämmerer family, which owned it as of 1363. The castle was rebuilt during the 18th century into an early-Baroque country manor in the French style by Johannes Deucher.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Le Sorcier, sold in the United States as The Witch's Revenge and in Britain as The Sorcerer's Revenge, is a 1903 French short silent film by Georges Méliès. It was sold by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 473–475 in its catalogues.
Plot
In a courtly setting, a king condemns an old sorcerer to be chained to a post and tortured. The sorcerer, begging for mercy, attempts to entertain the court with magic, conjuring up a classical tableau vivant and making a chair spin of its own accord. However, the king is steadfast. Just as they are about to chain up the sorcerer, however, their attendants transform into assistants of the sorcerer, and chain the king up instead. The sorcerer and the whole court link arms, and they all dance away happily.
Production
Méliès plays the sorcerer, whose magic is created using a combination of stage machinery, trap doors, substitution splices, multiple exposures, and dissolves.
References
External links
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
French silent short films
Benjamin Thornton Montgomery (1819–1877) was an influential African-American inventor, landowner, and freedman in Mississippi. They were taught to read and write English, and became manager of supply and shipping for Joseph Emory Davis at Hurricane Plantation at Davis Bend.
Early life
Ben Montgomery was born into slavery in 1819 in Loudoun County, Virginia. In 1837, they were sold south, and purchased in Natchez, Mississippi, by Joseph Emory Davis. The planter's much younger brother, Jefferson Davis, later became the President of the Confederate States of America. Montgomery escaped but was recaptured. Davis reportedly "inquired closely into the cause of their dissatisfaction", whereby the two men reached a "mutual understanding" about Montgomery's situation.
Davis assigned Montgomery to run the general store of their plantation at Davis Bend. It was not uncommon for a slave to serve in this position.
Impressed with their knowledge and abilities to run the store, Davis placed Montgomery in charge of overseeing the entirety of their purchasing and shipping operations on the plantation.
On May 21, 1847, Montgomery's son, Isaiah Montgomery, was born to them and their wife. Due to Ben's favored position among the Davis Bend slaves, Isaiah was also given the opportunity of receiving an education. Montgomery maintained a close relationship with their son up until their death.
Career
Montgomery learned a variety of skills, including reading, writing, land surveying, flood control, architectural design, machine repair, and steamboat navigation. Montgomery developed proficiencies in many areas; they became a skilled mechanic, not only repairing the advanced agricultural machinery acquired by the Davis brothers, but eventually applied for a patent for their design of a steam-operated propeller to provide propulsion to boats in shallow water.
The propeller could cut into the water at different angles, thus allowing the boat to navigate more easily through shallow water. This was not a new invention, but an improvement on similar designs invented by John Stevens in 1804 and John Ericsson in 1838.() On June 10, 1858, on the basis that Ben, as a slave, was not a citizen of the United States, and thus could not apply for a patent in their name, they were denied this patent application in a ruling by the United States Attorney General's office. It ruled that neither slaves nor their owners could receive patents on inventions devised by slaves. Later, both Joseph and Jefferson Davis attempted to patent the device in their names but were denied because they were not the "true inventor." After Jefferson Davis later was selected as President of the Confederacy, they signed into law the legislation that would allow slaves to receive patent protection for their inventions. On June 28, 1864, Montgomery, no longer a slave, filed a patent application for their device, but the patent office again rejected their application.
Joseph Davis allowed captive Africans on their plantation to retain money earned commercially, so long as they paid them for the labor they would have done as farmworkers. Thus, Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth, run a business, and create a personal library.
Ownership of Davis Bend
The Davis family left Davis Bend in 1862, ahead of oncoming troops from the Union Army. Montgomery assumed control of the plantation. Farming continued despite difficulties created by the war, such as attacks from the military forces of both sides.
Following the end of the American Civil War, Joseph Davis sold their plantation and property to Montgomery, in 1866, for the sum of $300,000 as part of a long-term loan.
In September 1867, Montgomery became the first Afro-American official elected in Mississippi, when they were elected justice of the peace of Davis Bend. Under their supervision, the plantation produced cotton judged to be the best in the world at an International Exposition in 1870.
With their son Isaiah, Montgomery established a general store known as Montgomery & Sons. Montgomery worked toward their lifelong dream of establishing a community for freed slaves. They never lived to see their dream come to fruition. Catastrophic floods ruined the crops and cut a channel across the peninsula, turning Davis Bend into an island. This added to the expenses of getting supplies to the plantation and crops to market. When Montgomery failed to make a payment on the loan in 1876, Davis Bend automatically reverted to the Davis family as per the terms of the original contract. Heartbroken, Montgomery died the next year.
Legacy
After their father's death, Isaiah Montgomery worked to realize their dream. They purchased between the Vicksburg and Memphis railroad lines in northwest Mississippi for the purpose of establishing the community of freed slaves their father dreamed of. Along with other former slaves, Isaiah Montgomery established the town of Mound Bayou, Mississippi; in 1887 and developed it as a majority African-American community.
References
Sources
Hermann, Janet Sharp. The Pursuit of a Dream. Oxford University Press, 1981.
Hermann, Janet Sharp. "Reconstruction in Microcosm: Three Men and a Gin", Journal of Negro History 65.4, Autumn 1980.
Verney, Kevern J. "Trespassers in the land of their birth: Blacks and landownership in South Carolina and Mississippi during the Civil War and Reconstruction, 1861–1877," Slavery and Abolition 4.1, June 2008.
External links
1819 births
1877 deaths
19th-century American inventors
19th-century American slaves
American freedmen
African-American inventors
African-American businesspeople
19th-century American businesspeople
Lee Kyung-hee (born 26 July 1969) is a South Korean television screenwriter.
Career
Early works
Lee Kyung-hee began their television drama writing career penning star vehicles, among them Model (1997) with Kim Nam-joo and Jang Dong-gun, Kkokji (also known as Tough Guy's Love, 2000) with Won Bin, Lee Jong-won and Jo Min-ki, and Purity (also known as Pure Heart, 2001) with Ryu Jin and Lee Yo-won.
But they made a name for themselves with comedy-drama Sang Doo! Let's Go to School in 2003. About a young father who becomes a gigolo to pay for their daughter's medical bills, then goes back to finish high school with their first love as their teacher, it marked the successful acting debut of singer Rain. Industry insiders were surprised and impressed with the singer-turned-actor for handling the myriad emotions of their character with range, thanks to Lee who took advantage of Rain's screen presence and charisma, and wrapped the character's evolution around their strengths, trying to minimize their lack of experience. Co-stars Gong Hyo-jin, Lee Dong-gun, and Hong Soo-hyun, as well as director Lee Hyung-min were also praised for their work.
Lee wrote another drama that same year, Breathless (also known as Running After a Dream or I Run), which was directed by Park Sung-soo (who previously helmed Ruler of Your Own World) and starred Kim Kang-woo and Chae Jung-an. It didn't have the popularity of Sang Doo, but gave an interesting, more mature spin to the "class divide" issue in its story about a factory worker entering into a relationship with a middle-class journalist. Through it, Lee proved that they could help rewrite the rules of the most predictable and clichéd genre on TV. Them follow-up was a single episode on anthology series Drama City titled My Older Brother, starring Lee Min-ki as the young immature father of an eight-year-old boy.
Mainstream success
A year later, Lee Kyung-hee hit the jackpot: popularity, both online and on TV, and critical acclaim with I'm Sorry, I Love You (2004). Featuring So Ji-sub in their star-making performance, opposite rising actor Im Soo-jung, the plot involved overseas adoption, secrets of birth, terminal illness and a love triangle, but because of its focus on the pain and emotional conflicts of the characters, they were made realistic despite the over-the-top storyline. The drama was more emotionally intense than anything Lee had written before, and they were praised by viewers and critics for their well-written script that showed beauty in human tragedy. MiSa (as it's called by fans, the combined first two syllables of its Korean title Mianhada Saranghanda) became one of the rare "mania dramas" (Korean slang for TV series with tremendous online following) that also received high ratings, and it swept the 2004 KBS Drama Awards, while at the 2005 Baeksang Arts Awards So received Best TV Actor and Lee was nominated for Best TV Screenplay.
Lee took it easy for a while after MiSa, and wrote two episodes of Beating Heart (2005), a drama with an experimental omnibus format of six two-part stories made by a different writer-director team. Lee paired with director Kim Jin-man in the segment Outing, which starred Bae Jong-ok as a forty-something woman having marital problems who meet the twenty-something doppelgänger of their college boyfriend (Ji Sung). It strengthened Lee's position as one of the most eclectic "commercial" writers on TV.
Anticipation was high for their next work, and Lee again cast Rain as a K-1 fighter who plans revenge against the actor (Shin Min-ah) who drove their brother to attempted suicide. But despite stylish cinematography from director Kim Kyu-tae, A Love to Kill (2005) was a critical misfire with disappointing ratings.
Lee reunited with another Sang Doo alum, Gong Hyo-jin, in Thank You (2007), about a single mother living on a small island with their grandfather who has dementia (Shin Goo) and their HIV-positive daughter (Seo Shin-ae), until a cynical doctor enters their lives. For the lead actor, Lee cast Jang Hyuk in their acting comeback after mandatory military service. Because of Jang's draft-dodging scandal, the drama received little hype, but the heartwarming story and well-drawn characters, as well as the cast's strong performances guided by director Lee Jae-dong (previously of Sweet Buns), led to solid ratings and it ranked number one in its timeslot. Some critics considered it arguably their finest work, and Lee won Best TV Screenplay at the 2008 Baeksang Arts Awards. It also received the 10th Special Media Award from Amnesty International, for "its frank, yet sensitive portrayal of a young HIV patient and their family and friends; it dealt with a touchy subject that had not been broached in other TV dramas and taught the audience to respect AIDS patients and other underprivileged members of our society."
Return to traditional melodrama
In Will It Snow for Christmas? (2009), Lee returned to the genre of traditional melodrama. Directed by Choi Moon-suk (previously of What Happened in Bali) and starring Go Soo and Han Ye-seul, the tale of rekindled childhood love lost the ratings battle against blockbuster spy series Iris.
Lee already had Song Joong-ki in mind as the antihero protagonist when they wrote The Innocent Man (2012). Titled in Korean "A Nice Guy the Likes of Which You Would Never Find Anywhere in the World," it tells the story of a man who goes to prison for the woman they love (Park Si-yeon), but is betrayed by them when they marry a business mogul for money. To get their revenge, they intentionally approach their step-daughter (Moon Chae-won) to seduce them in order to provoke their ex-lover, creating complicated feelings of love and conflict among the three of them. Lee used the dualism of good and evil, love and revenge, to make their most cohesive, thematically strong drama yet, aided by director Kim Jin-won's unobtrusive yet unerring eye for detail. The cast's acting was praised across the board by viewers and critics, particularly Song for their nuanced portrayal, and The Innocent Man received high ratings throughout its run.
In 2014, Lee reteamed with Kim Jin-won in Wonderful Days, their first time to write a 50-episode weekend drama. Starring Lee Seo-jin and Kim Hee-sun, the plot revolved around a prosecutor who returns to their hometown after 15 years and tries to reconnect with their long-estranged family and friends.
Transfer to cable TV
In 2019, Lee will do their first project under a pay TV network. Them upcoming work, Chocolate, will be broadcast on JTBC.
Critical assessment
Lee's mixed success over the years is credited to the uneven nature of their scripts, and she's been criticized for giving little resonance to their dramas' ancillary characters, for their disinterest in well-researched profession-related dialogue, and their penchant for tragic endings. But they have also been praised for imbuing their characters with symbolic ambivalence and depth. They continue to be a sought-after writer in the drama industry for writing intelligent character studies that work despite, and sometimes transcend, "trendy drama" tropes and cliches.
Other activities
Lee is also a professor at Doowon Technical University College where they teach television writing.
Filmography
Chocolate (JTBC, 2019)
Uncontrollably Fond (KBS2, 2016)
Wonderful Days (KBS2, 2014)
The Innocent Man (KBS2, 2012)
Will It Snow for Christmas? (SBS, 2009–2010)
Thank You (MBC, 2007)
A Love to Kill (KBS2, 2005)
Beating Heart "Outing" (MBC, 2005)
I'm Sorry, I Love You (KBS2, 2004)
Drama City "My Older Brother" (KBS2, 2004)
Breathless (MBC, 2003)
Sang Doo! Let's Go to School (KBS2, 2003)
Drama City "Days Filled with Sunlight" (KBS2, 2002)
Drama City "Happier Than Heaven" (KBS2, 2002)
Purity (KBS2, 2001)
Tough Guy's Love (KBS2, 2000)
MBC Best Theater "So-young's Mom? and Other Stories" (MBC, 1998)
I Only Know Love (MBC, 1998–2000)
Model (SBS, 1997)
Awards
2008 44th Baeksang Arts Awards: Best TV Screenplay (Thank You)
2007 20th Korean TV Writers' Awards: Recipient, Drama category (Thank You)
2005 Korean TV and Radio Writers Association: Excellence Award in Drama (A Love to Kill)
References
External links
Lee Kyung-hee at CAMP ENT
Living people
1969 births
South Korean screenwriters
South Korean television writers
Stefan Mrożewski (12 April 1894 – 8 September 1975) was a Polish painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Their work included wood engravings, book illustrations, portraits and town landscapes.
References
1894 births
1975 deaths
20th-century Polish painters
20th-century Polish male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Częstochowa
Polish male painters
Internal Affairs is the first studio album by Swedish classic rock/AOR band The Night Flight Orchestra, released on 18 June 2012 via Coroner Records.
Track listing
* (bonus track for U.S. and Europe limited digipak edition and Japanese edition)
** (bonus track for Japanese edition.)
Credits
Personnel
The Night Flight Orchestra
Björn "Speed" Strid – vocals (2007–present)
David Andersson – guitar (2007–present)
Sharlee D'Angelo – bass (2007–present)
Richard Larsson – keyboards (2007–present)
Jonas Källsbäck – drums (2007–present)
References
2012 debut albums
The Night Flight Orchestra albums
Ijebu-jesa is the capital of Oriade Local Government area in Osun State of Nigeria.
It is a commuter city with connections to Ekiti State on one side, Ondo State on another and it has a border with the famous Ilesa the surrounding towns area Iwoye-jesa, Iloko-jesa, Ere and Ijeda.
This city also serves as the main route to the Osun State College of Technology in Esa-Oke. This city also has a private polytechnic in Ijebu-Jesa road approved by the national board for technical education (NBTE) Nigeria.
Ijebu-jesa which hitherto before now was known and called Ijebu Egboro is the ancient historic town in the east of Osun State, Nigeria occupies a strategic position in Ijesaland. In Ijesa division, it is the next most important town politically and in terms of history . Them Oba is the next to the Owa Obokun of Ijesaland.
The town is situated eight kilometers north of Ilesa and about 128 kilometers east of Ibadan. It lies approximately on latitude 7.45 degrees north within the rain forest belt and so offers opportunity for farming on a large scale. The people are the core of Ijesa and are noted for their dogged industry.
Ijebu jesa was founded by Oba Agigiri Egboroganlada (first Onijebu Egboro) - a son of Oodua Olofin Aiye who was also an elder brother of Owa Obokun Ajibogun.
Agigiri means “the battle or war waves hot (A de k'ogun gbona girigiri)”. Ajibogun is interpreted as one who meet war (Ade ba ogun). Both Agigiri and Ajibogun were brought up by their grandmother known as Ijasin at Ilode in Ile Ife as twin brothers.
Legends have it that Ajibogun and Agigiri were very close during their lifetime. When their father was becoming old they became blind. The Ifa worshippers consulted the oracle and it was revealed that they would regain their sight if certain ingredients including sea-water and the pod of palm kernels could be procured. Ajibogun and their brother Agigiri went for the sea-water through Ijebu-Ode and got it from Eleke near Epe where the Awujale of Ijebuland then Obanita, worshipped the sea annually, the brothers collected the water and brought it home to Ile-Ife. Their father was treated and they regained their sight.
Founding of Ijebu-Jesa
On their return, they found that all their other brothers had left Ile-Ife to found and establish their different kingdoms, Ajibogun and Agigiri followed suit, they are accompanied by a large entourage including fifty specially selected people. Historians are divided on the routes taken, One of such routes described took them from Oniyangi in Ile-Ife, through many places like Ita Ijero, Ile-Ido, Igbadae, Igbo Owaluse on Iwara road, after many years they came to Ibokun. Other historians gave scanty account of their route, they wrote that the two brothers departed Ile-Ife with their beaded crowns near Ilowa. Ajibogun and their entourage passed through Ipole and finally settled in Ilesha while Agigiri and their entourage journeyed from Ibokun and finally settled in Ijebu Jesa under the shade of a large tree with big shady leaves (ewe ti o gboro) this tree was later recognised as 'Iroko Oja'. They named the settlement Egboro, other historians claimed they named the settlement Ijebu in reference to the role played by Agigiri and Ajibogun in fetching seawater for the restoration of their father's sight: A jo lo bu omi okun, Ajo'bu, through long time usage, coinage and twisting of tongues, the words later came to be known and called Ijebu, because Ijebu lies within Ijeshaland, it came to be known as Ijebu-Jesa.
Traditional local administration
In Yorubaland as soon as a town is established, a traditional local administration is put in place; The Oba and their chiefs who would be helping the Oba would be chosen, women are not left out as some of them are made chiefs who are members of the Oba's cabinet.
The Traditional Ruler in Ijebu-Jesa is called the Elegboro Of Ijebu-Jesa. The current Monarch is Oba (Engr.) Moses Oluwafemi Agunsoye, Abikehin Ekun, Agunsoye II
The Traditional Setting
There are five ruling houses in Ijebu Jesa:
i. Ajifolokun
ii. Ajigiteri
iii. Ida-Ekun/Atobatele
iv. Nibayo/Laguna
v. Ogbaruku/Akoko-ahun
Within limits of available records 23 Obas have reigned:
1. Agigiri
2. Ida-Ekun.
3. Edun-Ide
4. Ajigiteri
5. Ayapaki-Efon
6. Oriasinwi
7. Ajifolokun
8. Ogbaruku (Kiriji war-time)
9. Ariyanloye
10. Agunsoye
11. Ariabon
12. Atobatele
13. Erinfolajura
14. Arojojoye I
15. Abon
16. Amolese
17. Laguna
18. Arojojoye II
19. Ajifolokun Palmer (1974–1996)
20. Barrister Aribisala Ajigiteri (1996-2017)
21. Oba (Engr.) Moses Oluwafemi Agunsoye, Abikehin Ekun, Agunsoye II (2017-till date)
References
External links
Ijebu-jesa Foundation
Osun State
Ousseini Djibo Idrissa (born 28 December 1998) is a Nigerien sprinter. They competed in the men's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
References
1998 births
Living people
Nigerien male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Niger
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Faramarz Assef (, born : 1950 in Abadan, Iran) is an Iranian music artist and former triple jumper who won a bronze medal at the 1974 Asian Games in Tehran.
Music career
As a graduate in architecture from University of Southern California (USC), Assef began their music career in Los Angeles, California in 1984. Since then, they have produced eight albums titled AFRA 1-8 along with four single songs. Their most famous song, "Haji", brought them to the attention of Iranian communities around the world. Due to their sport background, Faramarz Assef is referred to as a bird with iron wings in Iranian pop music. They married Yalda in 2003 and has two children, their daughter Ranaa and their son Ramin.
References
External links
Assef on Instagram
Assef on Facebook
Assef on Spotify
1950 births
Living people
Iranian pop singers
Iranian male singers
People from Los Angeles
People from Abadan, Iran
Persian-language singers
Iranian male triple jumpers
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Sunni Cultural Center, Dubai, also called Markaz Dubai is a religious and cultural center of Markazu Saquafathi Sunniyya in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Opened on April 22, 2010, under the supervision of the Islamic Affairs and Charitable Activities Department of Dubai, the center intendedly provides a variety of services to members of the Muslim community.
Information
Markaz Dubai is an educational center for those who wish to increase their knowledge of Islamic principles and cultural values, and therefore intends to strengthen the social structure of the community. The center provides counselling and support in all areas of family life, including pre-marital and marital counselling, marital contracts, and parenting. The center also hosts charitable and social events, such as meetings and blood drives.
Founding members of the center include: Dr. Hamad Bin Al Shaikh Ahmad Al Shaibani, Director General of Islamic Affairs and Charitable Activities Department in Dubai, Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad, Chancellor of Markaz, Lt. Gen. Dhahi Khalfan Tamim, Head of General Security of Dubai, Dr. MAH Azhari Director General of Markaz, Dr. Omar Mohammed Al Khateeb Executive Director of the Islamic Affairs Sector, Dr. Adel Juma Matar, Head of the Islamic Institutions Department, and Mohammad Abdullah Al Haj Al Zarouni, Head of Emirates Red Crescent.
See also
Knowledge City
Markaz Arts and Science College
Markaz Law College
Shahre Mubarak Grand Masjid
Markazu Saquafathi Sunniyya
References
Buildings and structures in Dubai
Islam in the United Arab Emirates
Religious buildings and structures in Dubai
Markaz
The Caturrita Formation is a rock formation found in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. Its sediments were deposited in the Paraná Basin. The formation is from the Upper Triassic and forms part of the Santa Maria Supersequence in the upper section of the Rosário do Sul Group.
Etymology
The formation received this name, because Caturrita is a neighbourhood (barrio) of Santa Maria.
In Portuguese caturrita also refers to the monk parakeet.
Stratigraphy
The sediments of the Caturrita Formation belong to the second unit of the Santa Maria Supersequence and overlie the Alemoa Member of the Santa Maria Formation. The clayey sediments of the Alemoa Member gradually give way to the more sandy, rarely conglomeratic, Caturrita Formation, which finishes with an unconformity. After this erosional event follow the Rhaetian sediments of the Mata Sandstone, the third unit of the Santa Maria Supersequence.
The Caturrita Formation was once regarded as a member of the stratigraphically higher Botucatu Formation or was expanded to include the Mata Sandstone.
The Caturrita Formation reaches a maximum thickness of 60 meters, but generally oscillates around values of 30 meters.
Age
Until 2018 no absolute ages had been determined, but the formation was most commonly assigned to a late Carnian to early Norian age on paleontological grounds. However, Rhaetian or even Early Jurassic age of this unit was also advocated in the literature. A U-Pb (Uranium decay) dating found that the Caturrita Formation dated around 225.42 million years ago, putting it less than 10 million years younger than the Santa Maria and Ischigualasto Formations, from where the earliest dinosaurs are known.
Geographical occurrence
Outcrops of the Caturrita Formation are found in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. From the town of Taquari they follow for 250 kilometers a thin band in the central part of the state in an east-westerly fashion right up to Mata.
Depositional environment
The sediments of the Caturrita Formation belong to the upper section of the Santa Maria Supersequence. In terms of sequence stratigraphy they are equivalent to a highstand systems tract. The scarlet, ephemeral, mainly clayey fluvio-lacustrine deposits of the Alemoa Member gradually cede to more sandy, occasionally gravelly deposits of a braided river-system that was operational all-year-round. These deposits of the Caturrita Formation settled out in an alluvial flood-plain. The changeover in sedimentary facies was accompanied by a climatic change to more humid conditions.
The sediments are of continental nature (red beds) and form massive sandstone and siltstone bodies.
Vertebrate fauna
The Caturrita Formation contains a biozone for tetrapods, the so-called “Ictidosauria Assemblage Zone″ Ca-1.Ictidosaurs are tritheledontid cynodonts, a sister group of the mammals. This is the reason, why this biozone recently has been renamed as “Mammaliamorpha Cenozone” to underline the importance of the cynodont fossils. The Caturrita Formation also hosts the stratigraphic marker level “Jachaleria” named after the dicynodont Jachaleria candelariensis. Dinosaurs and other vertebrates have been discovered as well.
In 1998 tracks of prosauropods have been found near Faxinal do Soturno that were most likely caused by Unaysaurus tolentinoi.
The fossil finds are concentrated around three major areas:
Santa Maria and northern surroundings (Água Negra)
Faxinal do Soturno
Candelária and surroundings (Linha São Luis)
The following taxa have been discovered so far in the Caturrita Formation:
Synapsids
Dinosaurs
Unnamed prosauropod genus present in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Other tetrapods
Undetermined phytosaur genus.
See also
Santa Maria Formation
List of dinosaur-bearing rock formations
Laguna Colorada Formation
Elliot Formation
References
Bibliography
Weishampel, David B.; Dodson, Peter; and Osmólska, Halszka (eds.): The Dinosauria, 2nd, Berkeley: University of California Press. 861 pp. .
Further reading
J. F. Bonaparte, J. Ferigolo, and A. M. Ribeiro. 1999. A new early Late Triassic saurischian dinosaur from Rio Grande does Sol state, Brazil. In Y. Tomida, T. H. Rich, and P. Vickers-Rich (eds.), Proceedings of the Second Gondwanan Dinosaur Symposium, National Science Museum Monographs 15:89-109
G. Brea, J. F. Bonaparte, C. L. Schultz and A. G. Martinelli. 2005. A new specimen of Guaibasaurus candelariensis (basal Saurischia) from the Late Triassic Caturrita Formation of southern Brazil. In A. W. A. Kellner, D. D. R. Henriques, and T. Rodrigues (eds.), II Congresso Latino-Americano de Paleontologia de Vertebrados, Boletim de Resumos. Museum Nacional/UFRJ, Rio de Janeiro 55-56
R. Costa, I. d. S. Carvalho, and C. Schwanke. 2003. Icnofósseis de vertebrados na Formação Caturrita (Neotriássico da Bacia do Paraná) no Estado do Rio Grande do Sul, Brasil [Vertebrate ichnofossils from the Caturrita Formation (Late Triassic of the Paraná Basin) in Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil]. XVIII Congresso Brasileiro de Paleontologia: A Paleontologia e Suas Aplicações, 13–18 July 2003. Sociedade Brasileira de Paleontologia, Universidade de Brasília. Boletim de Resumos 110-111
E.-E. Kischlat and M. C. Barbarena. 1999. Triassic Brazilian dinosaurs: new data. I Simpósio Brasileiro de Paleontologia de Vertebrados. Paleontologia em Destaque 26:56
M. C. Langer and J. Ferigolo. 2005. The first ornithischian body-fossils in Brazil: Late Triassic (Caturrita Formation) of Rio Grande do Sul. In A. W. A. Kellner, D. D. R. Henriques, and T. Rodrigues (eds.), II Congresso Latino-Americano de Paleontologia de Vertebrados, Boletim de Resumos. Museum Nacional/UFRJ, Rio de Janeiro 146-147
A. G. Martinelli, J. F. Bonaparte, C. L. Schultz and R. Rubert. 2005. A new tritheledontid (Therapsida, Eucynodontia) from the Late Triassic of Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil) and its phylogenetic relationships among carnivorous non-mammalian eucynodonts. Ameghiniana 42(1):191-208
R. T. Müller, A. A. S. da Rosa, L. R. Silva, A. S. S. Aires, C. P. Pacheco, A. E. B. Pavanatto, and S. Dias-da-Silva. 2015. Wachholz, a new exquisite dinosaur-bearing fossiliferous site from the Upper Triassic of southern Brazil. Journal of South American Earth Sciences 61:120-128
R. C. da Silva, R. Barboni, T. Dutra, M. M. Godoy, and R. B. Binotto. 2012. Footprints of large theropod dinosaurs and implications on the age of Triassic biotas from Southern Brazil. Journal of South American Earth Sciences
M. B. Soares, C. L. Schultz, and B. I. D. Horn. 2011. New information on Riograndia guaibensis Bonaparte, Ferigolo & Ribeiro, 2001 (Eucynodontia, Tritheledontidae) from the Late Triassic of southern Brazil: anatomical and biostratigraphic implications. Anais da Academia Brasileira de Ciências 83(1):329-354
Geologic formations of Brazil
Geography of Rio Grande do Sul
Triassic Brazil
Triassic System of South America
Norian Stage
Sandstone formations
Siltstone formations
Mudstone formations
Conglomerate formations
Fluvial deposits
Fossiliferous stratigraphic units of South America
Paleontology in Brazil
Formations
The Delta N or Thor-Delta N was an American expendable launch system used for nine orbital launches between 1968 and 1972. It was a member of the Delta family of rockets, and the last Delta to be given an alphabetical designation - subsequent rockets were designated using a four digit numerical code.
The Delta N consisted of two stages. The first stage was the Long Tank Thor, a stretched version of the Thor missile, previously flown on the Delta L and Delta M. Three Castor-2 solid rocket boosters were attached to increase thrust at lift-off. A Delta E was used as the second stage. If an increased payload capacity was required, six boosters were flown instead of three, in a configuration known as the Delta N6, or "Super Six". Three launches used the N6 configuration.
Delta N rockets were launched from Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and SLC-2 at Vandenberg AFB. There was one failure, the launch of ITOS E on October 21, 1971. The Delta second stage developed an oxidizer leak about 40 seconds into launch so that when its burn began, the engine quickly lost thrust. In addition, the leaking LOX started pushing the stage off its proper flight path. The guidance system tried to compensate by repeatedly firing the attitude control jets, but this resulted in the rapid exhaustion of their propellant and the launch vehicle started tumbling uncontrollably. The ITOS satellite separated on schedule, but was facing in the wrong direction for orbital insertion, so it simply reentered the atmosphere and burned up. The second stage itself and several pieces of debris did manage to reach orbit and remained there for several weeks.
References
Delta (rocket family)
The 1920 Handley Page O/400 crash occurred on 14 December 1920 when a Handley Page Transport Handley Page O/400 on a scheduled passenger flight from London to Paris with two crew and six passengers crashed at Golders Green in North London after take-off from Cricklewood Aerodrome. The crew of two and two passengers were killed in the first fatal accident for the airline since the service had started in December 1919. It was reported as the first recorded airliner crash in history, but a larger airliner had crashed the previous year.
Aircraft
The aircraft involved was a Handley Page O/400 registered G-EAMA, a large seven-passenger twin-engined biplane airliner. It had been built by the Birmingham Carriage Company and delivered to the Royal Air Force as a bomber during the First World War. As war surplus, it was converted into a passenger configuration in 1919 by Handley Page and used by Handley Page Transport for passenger services.
Accident
The aircraft departed from Cricklewood Aerodrome around mid-day with six passengers, mail and freight for Paris. The weather was misty and the aircraft was seen flying low and crashing into a tree, falling into a back garden of a house in Golders Green (No. 6 Basing Hill) close to the airfield. Four passengers jumped or were thrown clear before the aircraft burst into flames. Two were unhurt and the other two only slightly injured. The two crew and two remaining passengers were killed in the fire. Locals rushed to help but due to the intense heat, the rescue efforts were futile. The Hendon Fire Brigade extinguished the fire and removed the bodies; the aircraft was destroyed and the newly built house was badly damaged.
Inquest
An inquest to the four deaths was held at Hendon on 16 December 1920. One of the survivors explained the events to the inquest, although they saw the engines being tested before the flight they did not hear any problems with them but the aircraft was not able to climb above 100 feet and suddenly struck a tree. After the aircraft had crashed they immediately climbed over the debris and escaped through a window. Other evidence came from another passenger, the dispatcher and one of the first to arrive on the scene, a ground engineer and the pilot who had flown the aircraft the previous day; all were questioned but the cause of the aircraft hitting a tree under high was not determined. The coroner recorded a verdict that "the deceased died from consequence of burns due to the crashing of the aeroplane to the ground after striking a tree"; the coroner also said they did not have enough evidence to determine a cause.
References
Citations
Sources
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1920
1920 disasters in the United Kingdom
Aviation accidents and incidents in London
1920 in London
Golders Green
History of the London Borough of Barnet
20th century in Middlesex
Airliner accidents and incidents in the United Kingdom
I was station with 35th artillery in 1962 to 1964 in Munich Germany. originally the 92nd artillery. I help design the crest known as the Red Lions original the Red Devils
My name Spec/ 4 Valerio M. Dimaya. at that time work as the driver for the S4 commanding officer before transferring back to the USA to the 7th army division
The 35th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
History
The 2d Battalion, 35th Artillery (155mm Howitzer, Self-Propelled) arrived in Vietnam on 17 June 1966 from Fort Carson, Colorado. It was a self-propelled M109 155mm howitzer battalion and was first stationed at Xuan Loc with the 23d Artillery Group. While at Xuan Loc, the battalion was placed under the 54th Artillery Group and in April 1970 was moved to Long Binh, where it remained until leaving Vietnam on 13 March 1971. (Source: Vietnam Order of Battle by Shelby Stanton, 1987.)
The battalion supported Company D, 6th Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment on 18 August 1966 in what became known as the Battle of Long Tan.
Distinctive unit insignia
Description
A gold color metal and enamel device 1 1/8 inches (2.86 cm) in height overall consisting of the shield and crest of the coat of arms.
Symbolism
The shield is red with a diagonal band in gold, representative of Field Artillery and honorable service. The crest denotes courage and willingness to defend the country.
Background
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 April 1933. It was redesignated for the 517th Field Artillery Battalion on 15 August 1949. It was redesignated for the 35th Artillery Regiment on 4 November 1958. It was redesignated for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.
Coat of arms
Blazon
Shield
Gules, a bend Or.
Crest
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules, a demi-lion rampant Or.
Motto
EN AVANT TOUJOURS (Forward Always).
Symbolism
Shield
The shield is red with a diagonal band in gold, representative of Field Artillery and honorable service.
Crest
The crest denotes courage and willingness to defend the country.
Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 24 September 1932. It was amended to correct the motto on 29 September 1932. It was redesignated for the 517th Field Artillery Battalion on 15 August 1949. It was redesignated for the 35th Artillery Regiment on 4 November 1958. It was redesignated for the 35th Field Artillery Regiment on 1 September 1971.
Current configuration
1st Battalion 35th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
2nd Battalion 35th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
3rd Battalion 35th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
4th Battalion 35th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
5th Battalion 35th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
6th Battalion 35th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
See also
Field Artillery Branch (United States)
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110722213408/http://www.tioh.hqda.pentagon.mil/Heraldry/ArmyDUISSICOA/ArmyHeraldryUnit.aspx?u=3438
External links
http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/fa/default.htm
035
Maharashtra State Highway 253 (MH SH 253) is a normal state highway in Nagpur, in the state of Maharashtra. This state highway touches Mauda, Nagardan, Ramtek, connecting with NH-6 at Mauda.
Summary
This road is one of the important roads in Nagpur District providing connectivity with two National Highways, NH-6 and NH-7 just 5 km from Ramtek through MH SH 249.
Major junctions
This highway started from the intersection at Mauda town with NH-7 and end at Ramtek city connecting with MH SH 249. MH SH 266 is also connecting with this highway near Tarsa village.
Connections
Many villages, cities and towns in Nagpur District are connecting by this state highway.
Mauda
Tarsa
Nagardan
Ramtek
Few other important landmark on this highway.
NTPC Mauda Super Thermal Power Station
Kavikulguru Institute of Technology & Science, Ramtek.
Kavi Kulguru Kalidas Sanskrit University, Ramtek.
Parmatma Ek Sevak Manavdharm Aashram.
Surya Laxmi Cotton Mill.
Hindalco Industry Ltd, Mauda.
DCL Polyester Plant(RIL)
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
State Highways in Nagpur District
Joseph Louis Julien Leclercq (16 May 1865 – 31 October 1901) was a 19th-century French poet and art critic, devoted to Symbolism. Like their close friend Albert Aurier, they contributed regularly to the Mercure de France, for example in September 1890 an obituary of Vincent van Gogh. In the 1890s, while engaged to the Finnish pianist Fanny Flodin (1868–1954), Leclercq helped to organize exhibitions of contemporary art, the most important touring in 1898 in Scandinavia. Then, in March 1901, they succeeded in bringing together the first important Van Gogh-exhibition exclusively based on loans from French collectors or art dealers, in Paris. It was at this retrospective exhibition — hosted by the Bernheim-Jeune Galleries — that Paul Cassirer was introduced to the work of Van Gogh.
While preparing a similar Van Gogh-exhibition, now with the support of Johanna van Gogh-Bonger, Leclercq unexpectedly died on 31 October 1901.
Selected works
1891: Strophes d'amant
1892: Dialogue platonicien sur l'antisémitisme Morès et Drumont jugés par Socrate. Morès à l'Hippodrome.
1892: Les Sept sages et la jeunesse contemporaine
1896: La Physionomie, visages et caractères, quatre-vingt-cinq portraits contemporains d'après les principes d'Eugène Ledos.
References
Bibliography
Saltzman, Cynthia: Portrait of Dr. Gachet, page 9. .
Supinen, Marja: Julien Leclercq, a Champion of the Unknown Vincent van Gogh. Jong Holland 1990/6, p. 5-14.
External links
Portrait of Julien Leclercq and their wife, by Emile Schuffenecker
People from Armentières
1865 births
1901 deaths
19th-century French poets
French art critics
Kibworth is an area of the Harborough district of Leicestershire, England, that contains two civil parishes: the villages of Kibworth Beauchamp and Kibworth Harcourt . At the 2011 census, Kibworth Beauchamp had a population of 5,433 and Kibworth Harcourt 990. The villages are divided by the Midland Main Line. Kibworth is close to Foxton Locks, Market Harborough, and Leicester.
History
In 1270 Walter de Merton, the founder of Merton College, Oxford, bought a large part of the parish of Kibworth Harcourt from Saer de Harcourt, who had been forced to sell the estate after giving their support to the unsuccessful "Second Barons' War" led by Simon de Montfort. Much of the parish has remained the property of Merton College, Oxford to the present day. There is a stained-glass window depicting Walter de Merton in the bell tower of the parish church, St Wilfrid's, of which the warden and scholars of the college are joint patrons with the Bishop of Leicester. The church is a Grade II* listed building.
A village school was founded in 1709, and endowed by Sir Nathaniel Edwards.
Kibworth Harcourt was the birthplace of the writer/reformer Anna Laetitia Barbauld (1743–1825) and their brother John Aikin. Their father, John Aikin (1713–1780), kept a dissenting academy there and served as minister of a nearby Presbyterian chapel. The family moved in 1757 to Warrington.
On 23 July 1825 the ancient tower and spire of St Wilfrid's collapsed.
Michael Wood's Story of England
In September 2010, Kibworth was the central feature of Michael Wood's Story of England, a documentary aired on both BBC Four, BBC Two, and repeated on the UKTV channel Yesterday, and PBS America, presented by Michael Wood about the history of England framed through Kibworth.
A book of the same name was published by Viking. The series was likened to Who Do You Think You Are? for a whole community. Villagers (Kibworth Improvement Team - KiT) have created a new website and successfully requested a grant of £48,200 from the Heritage Lottery Fund to continue the legacy of the TV series by creating a Kibworth Guide Booklet (heritage trails for Kibworth Harcourt, Kibworth Beauchamp and Smeeton Westerby), several interpretation panels around the three villages, ongoing study materials for the three tiers of local schools, and an Archive (Virtual Museum).
Facilities
Kibworth has a number of shops, a community newspaper (The Kibworth & District Chronicle), and since 2002 new shops, including a branch of the Co-Op. New housing continues to be built on the edge of the village, causing periodic controversy.
The Bookshop, which opened in the High Street in 2009, won a regional award for Independent Bookseller of The Year in 2012.
Transport
Arriva Midlands operates Sapphire route X3 between Leicester and Market Harborough and Stagecoach Midlands route X7 between Leicester and Northampton, both via the village. The Midland Main Line runs through the area, but Kibworth railway station, which served both villages, closed in 1968.
Sports
The local cricket club won the ECB National Club Cricket Championship in 2004.
The association football club, previously Kibworth and Smeeton, was renamed in 2018 as Kibworth Town, merging the younger and senior teams together. The village also has clubs for snooker, tennis, golf, bowls and dance.
Kibworth is also home to Kibworth Rugby Stars, a children's rugby club serving ages 18 months to 6 years.
Kibworth Harcourt Mill
The mill, a Grade 2* listed structure, last worked in the 1930s and until 1936 was owned by Merton College, Oxford, then ownership and responsibility was transferred to the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings (SPAB). As of March 2022, restoration costing £350,000 is close to completion. With parts dating from "at least 1711", it is last surviving post mill in Leicestershire county.
Notable residents
In birth order:
John Aikin (1713–1780), Unitarian preacher, schoolteacher and father of Anna Laetitia Barbauld, lived and taught in Kibworth in 1730–58.
Anna Laetitia Barbauld (née Aikin, 1743–1823), poet, essayist, children's author and daughter of John Aikin, was born in Kibworth Harcourt.
John Aikin (1747–1822), physician, biographer and brother of Anna Laetitia Barbauld, was born in Kibworth Harcourt.
James Beresford (1764–1840), Anglican cleric and humorist, was rector of Kibworth from 1812 until their death in 1840.
Colonel John Worthy Chaplin (1840–1920), awarded the Victoria Cross for gallantry in 1860 in the Second China War, was buried in Kibworth New Cemetery.
Edmund Knox (1847–1937), Anglican bishop, Evangelical writer and father of Ronald Knox, was rector of Kibworth in 1884–1891.
Samuel Perkins Pick (1858–1919), architect, was educated at Kibworth Grammar School.
T. E. R. Phillips (1868–1942), Anglican cleric and astronomer specializing in planets, was born in Kibworth.
Wilfred Knox (1886–1950), Anglican theologian and brother of Ronald Knox, was born in Kibworth.
Ronald Knox (1888–1957), Roman Catholic monsignor and religious writer, was born in Kibworth.
Sir Nicholas Harold Lloyd Ridley (1906–2001), inventor of the Intraocular lens, was born in Kibworth.
Stu Williamson (born 1956), photographer, inventor of the Tri-flector, and drummer for the Scottish group The Marmalade, is based in Kibworth.
References
External links
A History of Kibworth
Kibworth at genuki.org
Villages in Leicestershire
Harborough District
The 12477/12478 Jamnagar–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express is a Superfast train of the Indian Railways connecting Jamnagar Junction in Gujarat and Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra of Jammu and Kashmir. It is currently being operated with 12477/12478 train numbers on a weekly basis.
Coach composition
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consists of 22 coaches :
2 AC II Tier
5 AC III Tier
10 Sleeper Coaches
1 Pantry Car
2 General
2 End On Generation
Service
The 12477/Jamnagar–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express has an average speed of 62 km/hr and covers 2068 km in 33 hrs 25 mins.
The 12478/Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra–Jamnagar Superfast Express has an average speed of 63 km/hr and covers 2068 km in 32 hrs 50 mins.
Route and halts
The important halts of the train are:
Schedule
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Vatva Loco Shed based WDM 3A or Sabarmati based WDP-4D diesel locomotive from Jamnagar to Ahmedabad and from Ahmedabad it is hauled by WAP-7 of Vadodara or Ghaziabad based electric locomotive up till Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra and vice versa.
Rake sharing
This train shares its rake with
12471/12472 Swaraj Express
12475/12476 Hapa–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express
12473/12474 Gandhidham - Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Sarvodaya Express
Notes
See also
Jamnagar railway station
Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra railway station
References
External links
12477/Jamnagar - Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra (Sindhu) SF Express
12478/Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra - Jamnagar (Sindhu) SF Express
Transport in Jamnagar
Transport in Katra, Jammu and Kashmir
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Uttar Pradesh
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Punjab, India
Rail transport in Jammu and Kashmir
Railway services introduced in 1990
Morschheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Bayuvi Dupki ( ) is a peak in the Pirin mountain range, south-western Bulgaria. It falls within the borders of the Bayuvi Dupki–Dzhindzhiritsa reserve in Pirin National Park. It is situated on the main ridge of the range between the peaks of Banski Suhodol to the south-east and Kamenititsa to the north-west. Its height is 2,820 m. The eastern slopes descend steeply to the Bayuvi Dupki Cirque, while the western slopes face the valley of the Vlahina river. A tourist eco-path traverses the western slope. The northern face is popular with climbers. The peak is built up of karstified marbles. The summit accommodates many rare herbaceous plants, including edelweiss (Leontopodium nivale) and the only locality of Euphrasia drosocalyx in the Balkan Peninsula.
Bayuvi Dupki has three distinct peak points; the main elevation being the southern one. The rocky karst ridge Sredonosa takes its beginning at the north-eastern point. The main crest between the three points may be as narrow as 50 cm. The eastern slopes facing the homonymous cirque are vertical and inaccessible. The western slopes are heavily inclined to the valley of the Vlahina river.
At 470 m to the south-east of the summit on the main ridge is situated the highest alpine shelter in Bulgaria — Koncheto. To the north of Bayuvi Dupki is located the saddle Kamenititski Preval. There are three paths leading from Kamenititski Preval to the shelter. The most frequently used is marked in red and cuts down the steep western slopes of Bayuvi Dupki. The second one follows the main ridge. The third path cuts the northernmost point and then joins the second one. The last two paths are not marked.
Citations
References
Mountains of Pirin
Landforms of Blagoevgrad Province
Two-thousanders of Bulgaria
Jan Christiaan Uiterwijk (May 16, 1915 - August 29, 2005) was a Dutch entrepreneur.
Jan Uiterwijk was born in Groningen to Daniel Uiterwijk and Dina Cornelia Verhagen. As a young man they and their brother were well known soccer players. At the end of World War II they moved to America with their wife Maria and three boys (Robert, Jan D., and Hendrik). In America they worked in international trade ultimately becoming an owner operator of several shipping lines, most notably Uiterwyk Corp located in Tampa, Florida.
1915 births
2005 deaths
20th-century Dutch businesspeople
Dutch emigrants to the United States
People from Groningen (city)
20th-century American businesspeople
The Hookhamsnyvy Creek is a natural watercourse in the northern Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.
The Hookhamsnyvy Creek is north of Parnassus and rises in the Hundalee Hills. It runs roughly south before briefly turning west to join the Leader River.
In 1912, the Main North Line railway was opened from Christchurch to Parnassus, with the ultimate objective of creating a line north to Picton via Blenheim and Kaikoura. The first route north followed the Leader Valley and would have required a diversion of the Hookhamsnyvy Creek. Some initial groundwork was done for this, but the outbreak of World War I in 1914 caused construction to be paused. When it resumed, a new coastal route via Hundalee was chosen, the diversion of the Hookhamsnyvy Creek permanently abandoned, and the line opened in 1945.
References
Rivers of Canterbury, New Zealand
Rivers of New Zealand
Sahlesh or Raja Sahlesh was a folk hero of the Dusadh caste. Within the folklores of the community, they are believed to be the ruler of the Biratnagar in present day Nepal. Dauna Malin is believed to be a beloved of Sahlesh, while four of their assistants namely Chauharmal, Moti Ram and Karikant are also worshipped by the community. Chauharmal, who is worshipped by Dusadhs of Bihar is considered to be the military commander of King Sahlesh, while Moti Ram and Karikant are considered as their brother and the nephew respectively. Biratnagar, which is considered to be the land of Sahlesh, also houses one of the finest temple of the king Sahlesh. Sahlesh is also known by the sobriquet of Rajaji within the community.
In the folklores
According to the beliefs, Sahlesh not only saves the Dalits from the clutches of the feudal lords but also saves their women from the atrocities of the kings and their men. It is believed that the Dalit brides were frequently kidnapped and raped by the feudal lords and the kings, and Sahlesh is known for confronting and challenging these established feudal practices. The root word "Sahlesh" also stand for "King of the mountains", and from the other opinions, it's believed that their empire extended to some parts of Bihar too, apart from Nepal. In some parts of North India, Sahlesh is said to be respected by other communities as well, apart from the Dusadhs. In the local culture, they are portrayed as a symbol of prowess, valour and benevolence.
As per the tales regarding Sahlesh, they were born in a village called 'Mehsautha' in the Mithilanchal region in the Dusadh caste. This caste is known for their valour but the criminal practices like theft and robbery are also seen as one of the basic problem associated with it. Sahlesh was a critic of these immoral acts associated with their caste as well as the prevalent feudal structure of the society. Sahlesh had an egalitarian ideology and they wanted to remove the ills of society like untouchability for creating a society based on equality of all human beings. In order to fulfill their ambition, they created a large army with the help of forest dwellers.
Mithilanchal during those times was a war-torn region facing the invasion of Chinese and Mongols one after another. The Dusadh folklores credits the 'army of forest dwellers' led by Sahlesh to have defeated them all. F. E. Pargiter says that the devastation caused to the Chinese Shan army was on such a large scale that not a single man was left to take the message of their defeat back to the China.
Anang Kusuma, who is also known as Dauna Malin and is famed as a nun of the Mahayana sect of Buddhism is said to be the beloved of king Sahlesh.
Rule of Sahlesh
It is believed that Sahlesh had focussed more on the local governance and had created local bodies, where they visited frequently and listened to the problems of people.  They are said to have punished a Tantric named Chakranath for following the inhumane practices like Nagdasi System. Every year two young girls were forced to breastfeed a venomous snake, as a consequence of which they used to die. There was a sense of fear among the common people and Sahlesh ended this practice by defeating Chakranath with the help of Anang Kusuma.
Commemoration
The Dusadh community over Uttar Pradesh and Bihar commemorate their folk heroes which include Sahlesh and Reshama-Chauharmal by celebrating festivals and singing songs in their praise. The iconization of these heroes have also taken place by installing their statues and forming socio-political organization around them.
In Darbhanga district of Bihar, the potters make the figures of Sahlesh along with their companions, which are worshipped by the Dusadhs of the region.
References
Indian folk culture
Caste system in India
Indian folklore
Further readings
The Blitz class was a pair of avisos built for the German Kaiserliche Marine (Imperial Navy) in the early 1880s. The ships, and , were the first steel-hulled ships of any kind built by the German Navy, were among the first torpedo cruiser type warships in the world, and were the progenitors of the later light cruisers of the Gazelle type. They were armed with a gun and one torpedo tube as their principal armament, and were capable of a top speed in excess of . They were very successful warships, remaining in active service for more than three decades.
Blitz and Pfeil served extensively in various roles; Blitz spent much of their career as a flotilla leader for torpedo boats, while Pfeil served with the training squadron and the main fleet. Pfeil was deployed to German East Africa in 1889 to suppress the Abushiri revolt, returning to Germany in 1890. Throughout the 1890s, the ships served with the fleet, conducting a yearly routine of exercises and training cruises. They served in a variety of additional roles during the 1890s and 1900s, including as tenders, fishery protection vessels, and training ships. They operated as dedicated tenders to the battle squadrons of the High Seas Fleet by the mid-1900s, filling that role through the start of World War I. Blitz took part in Operation Albion in the Baltic Sea in late 1917 and Pfeil was later used as a training ship for U-boat crews. The ships were discarded in the early 1920s and broken up for scrap.
Design
Designed in 1879, the design specifications for the Blitz-class avisos called for a top speed of from about , though the finalized design had a top speed of a knot less. The ships marked a significant advance in naval technology for the German fleet; they were the first steel-hulled vessels, and they were the first cruiser-type vessels to abandon traditional sailing masts. Their armament—a torpedo tube and a battery of light guns—reflected the growing importance of the torpedo as a weapon, since the torpedo tube served as its primary offensive armament and the guns were necessary to defend against the increasingly powerful torpedo boats of the period.
At the time of their completion, they were among the earliest torpedo cruisers in the world. The Blitz class avisos were the first step toward creating the modern, steel-hulled light cruiser, and their modern appearance presaged later developments. Development of the aviso type would ultimately come to fruition in the light cruisers, built a decade later. The Blitz design proved to be an effective one, as evidenced by the fact that Blitz remained in active service for thirty-five years.
General characteristics
The Blitz-class ships were long at the waterline and long overall. They had a beam of and a maximum draft of forward. The ships displaced as designed and up to at full combat load. The ships' hulls were constructed with transverse and longitudinal steel frames, and contained eleven watertight compartments. A double bottom was located beneath the ships' engine rooms.
Blitz and Pfeil had a crew of 7 officers and 127 enlisted men, though this number was later revised to 6 officers and 135 sailors. When serving as torpedo boat flotilla leaders, the ships had an additional 3 officers and 16 enlisted men. The ships carried several smaller boats, including one picket boat, one yawl, and one dinghy. Later in their careers, a cutter, another yawl, and another dinghy were added.
Machinery
The ships' propulsion system consisted of two horizontal 2-cylinder double expansion engines in a single engine room. The engines drove a pair of 3-bladed screws. Steam for the engines was provided by eight coal-fired locomotive boilers. After refits in the early 1890s, the ships' boilers were replaced with newer, more efficient models; Blitz received eight transverse cylindrical boilers, while Pfeil had eight cylindrical boilers installed. The ships were supplied with electrical power with a single generator that operated at 67 volts. As built, the ships were fitted with a schooner rig with a sail area of to supplement their steam engines, but this was later reduced to a rig of auxiliary sails with an area of , and the sails were removed entirely by 1900.
The propulsion system was rated at , for a top speed of . Neither ship reached this speed on trials; Blitz managed , and Pfeil made . The ships carried up to of coal, which allowed them to steam for approximately at a cruising speed of . Steering was controlled with one rudder.
Armament
As built, the Blitz-class avisos were armed with one K L/23 gun placed in a pivot mount atop the bow. The gun was supplied with 100 rounds of ammunition. The ships were also equipped with four 8.7 cm K L/23 guns in single mounts and one torpedo tube mounted in the bow above the waterline. In 1891 and 1892, the ships were rearmed with six 8.8 cm SK L/30 guns in single mounts; these were carried one on the bow, one on the stern, and two amidships on either broadside. They also received three 35 cm torpedo tubes, one in the bow and one on each broadside, all submerged in the hull. The ships did not carry any armor protection.
Ships
Service history
Upon entering service, Blitz served as the flotilla leader for I Torpedo-boat Flotilla; at the time, Alfred von Tirpitz, the future architect of the High Seas Fleet, directed the operations of the navy's torpedo craft, and Blitz was involved in evaluations of torpedo boat capabilities in the early 1880s. These included tests to demonstrate the ability of the boats to operate away from sheltered, coastal waters and weapons tests. Pfeil initially served with the training squadron until late 1889, when they were deployed to German East Africa to help suppress the Abushiri revolt. They helped to enforce a blockade of the colony and also took part in operations against rebel forces, sending men ashore and bombarding enemy troops. In the 1890s, both ships operated with the fleet, Blitz with the torpedo boats and Pfeil as a scout for the capital ships. During this period, they routinely took part in the yearly training routine that consisted of flotilla and squadron exercises and culminated in the annual fleet maneuvers held every August and September. They also frequently escorted members of the royal family, including Kaiser Wilhelm II, who cruised aboard their yacht Hohenzollern.
By the mid-1890s, both ships began to take on secondary duties, including fishery protection patrols to prevent foreign fishing boats from violating German territorial waters, acting as tenders, and serving as training ships, although they continued to serve as active units in the fleet. The ships were involved in a number of accidents over the course of their careers, each sinking a merchant ship in accidental collisions. Both ships were assigned as dedicated tenders to I Squadron and II Squadron in the mid-1900s, and in this capacity, they accompanied the fleet's battleships on long-range cruises and continued to participate in the annual maneuvers.
Blitz and Pfeil continued to serve as tenders during World War I, though Blitzs activities during the war are unclear, as one historian reports them initially being used for coastal defense patrols, though another source states that they remained a tender through 1917, when they were sent to participate in Operation Albion against Russian forces in the Baltic Sea; they were reportedly also slated to take part in Operation Schlußstein in August 1918, also directed against Russia, but the plan was cancelled. Pfeil, meanwhile, was also used to train U-boat crews. Blitz and Pfeil were ultimately struck from the naval register in 1921 and 1922, respectively, before being broken up.
Notes
References
Widlin Calixte (born 21 April 1990) is a Haiti-born footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Turks and Caicos Islands national football team.
International career
On 26 March 2015, they scored penalty kicks in the 4th and 14th minutes of a World Cup first qualifying round second leg against Saint Kitts and Nevis at the TCIFA National Academy in Providenciales. Their team lost the match 2–6 and the tie 4–12 on aggregate.
International goals
|-
| 1. || rowspan="2"| 26 March 2015 || rowspan="2"| TCIFA National Academy, Providenciales, Turks and Caicos Islands || rowspan="2"| || || rowspan="2"| || rowspan="2"| 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification
|-
| 2. ||
|}
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Cap-Haïtien
Haitian emigrants to the Turks and Caicos Islands
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Turks and Caicos Islands footballers
Association football midfielders
Turks and Caicos Islands international footballers
Turks and Caicos Islands people of Haitian descent
Sportspeople of Haitian descent
Karl-Ernst Schroeter (3 December 1912 – 23 May 1943) was a Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of and . Schroeter is credited with sinking eight ships, all in U-752, for .
Schroeter commissioned the new Type IIB U-boat on May 28, 1940 and served as their first commanding officer until March 30, 1941. The U-121 spent their entire career as training vessel and Schroeter saw no combat in them From the U-121 Schroeter moved on to the new Type VIIC , which was commissioned on May 24, 1941. Schroeter would command the U-752 for the next two years until its sinking and their death on May 23, 1943.
War record
References
Bibliography
External links
uboat.net : Karl-Ernst Schroeter
1912 births
1943 deaths
People from Kożuchów
People from the Province of Silesia
U-boat commanders (Kriegsmarine)
Reichsmarine personnel
German military personnel killed in World War II
People lost at sea
Deaths by airstrike during World War II
The year 1684 in music involved some significant events.
Events
Antonio Stradivari makes the Bucher, Cipriani Potter and Cobbett ex Holloway violins.
An adaptation of Fletcher's Valentinian features music composed by Louis Grabu.
Classical music
Giovanni Battista Bassani – Affetti canori, cantate et ariette, Op.6
Dietrich Buxtehude
Dein edles Herz, der Liebe Thron, BuxWV 14
Herr auf dich traue ich, BuxWV 35
Herr nun läßt du deinen Diener, BuxWV 37
Lobe den Herrn meine Seele, BuxWV 71
Marc-Antoine Charpentier
Litanies de la Vierge, H.83
Pro omnibus festis B V M, H.333
In nativitatem Domini canticum, H.414
Sur la naissance de notre Seigneur Jésus Christ, H.482
Pastorale sur la Naissance de Notre Seigneur Jesus Christ, H.483
Michel Richard de Lalande – Te Deum S.32
Domenico Gabrielli – Balletti, Op.1
Giovanni Battista Granata – Armoniosi toni di varie suonate musicali per la chitarra spagnuola . . . Opera settima
Johann Krieger – Ich will in Friede fahren
Isabella Leonarda – Mottetti a voce sola, Op.11
Jean-Baptiste Lully
Plaude laetare galia, LWV 37
Te Deum, LWV 55
De Profundis, LWV 62
John Playford – The Division Violin
Henry Purcell – From those serene and rapturous joys, Z.326
Pierre Robert – Motets pour la Chapelle du Roy
Alessandro Scarlatti – Agar et Ismaele esiliati (oratorio)
Giovanni Battista Vitali
Sinfonia a 6
Sonate da Chiesa à due Violini, Op.9
Varie Sonate alla Francese, & all'Itagliana à sei Stromenti, Op.11
Opera
John Blow – Venus and Adonis
Juan Hidalgo de Polanco – Apolo y Leucotea
Jean-Baptiste Lully – Amadis de Gaule
Births
March 15 – Francesco Durante, composer (died 1755)
June 22 – Francesco Manfredini, violinist and composer (died 1762)
September 18 – Johann Gottfried Walther, composer and music theorist (died 1748)
September 23 – Johann Theodor Römhild, composer (died 1756)
October 30 – Maria Barbara Bach, first wife of J.S. Bach (died 1720)
date unknown
François d' Agincour, composer (died 1758)
Georg Christian Lehms, librettist (died 1717)
Deaths
April 12 – Nicola Amati, violin-maker of Cremona (born 1596)
May 8 – Henri Dumont, Netherlandish composer (born 1610)
July 5 – Johann Hildebrand, composer (born 1614)
September 10 – Johann Rosenmüller, German composer (born 1619)
October 1 – Pierre Corneille, French librettist (born 1606)
References
The Simony Act 1688 (1 Will & Mary c 16) is an Act of the Parliament of England.
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
Section 2
This section, from "bee it" to "aforesaid that" was repealed by section 1(1) of, and Part I of the Schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1888.
See also
Simony
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
The Simony Act 1688, as amended from the National Archives.
Acts of the Parliament of England
1688 in law
1688 in England
Rufus Kay Hardy (May 28, 1878 – March 7, 1945) was a prominent missionary for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in New Zealand and was a general authority of the LDS Church from 1935 until their death.
Hardy was born in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. In 1897, church apostle John Henry Smith ordained Hardy to be a seventy and set them apart to be a missionary in New Zealand. Hardy served in New Zealand as a church missionary from 1897 to 1901. Hardy would return to New Zealand twice as the president of the church's New Zealand Mission from 1907 to 1909 and from 1933 to 1934.
In 1935, Hardy became a member of the church's First Council of the Seventy, and served in this position until their death in Salt Lake City from myocarditis. They were married to Adelaide Underwood Eldredge and was the father of one daughter.
Notes
References
Andrew Jenson. Latter-day Saint Biographical Encyclopedia, 1:236; 4:97 & 360
External links
Grampa Bill's G.A. Pages: Rufus K. Hardy
1878 births
1945 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
20th-century Mormon missionaries
American Mormon missionaries in New Zealand
American general authorities (LDS Church)
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
People from Salt Lake City
Presidents of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Opisthotropis laui, Lau's mountain stream snake, is a species of natricine snake found in China.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2013
Reptiles of China
Talmage may refer to:
People
Given name
Tal Bachman (born 1968), Canadian singer-songwriter
Talmage Cooley (born 1965), American social entrepreneur and filmmaker
Tal Farlow (1921–1998), American jazz guitarist
Surname
Algernon Talmage (1871–1939), British artist
David Talmage (1919–2014), American immunologist
James E. Talmage (1862–1933), American Mormon apostle, author, and academic
John Van Nest Talmage (1819-1892), American Protestant missionary in China
May Booth Talmage (1868–1944), American Mormon missionary in Europe
Thomas De Witt Talmage (1832-1902), American preacher and writer
Places
United States
Talmage, California
Talmage, Kansas
Talmage, Kentucky
Talmage, Missouri
Talmage City, Missouri
Talmage, Nebraska
Talmage, Pennsylvania
Talmage, Utah
See also
Tallmadge (disambiguation)
Talmadge (disambiguation)
Talmadge (surname)
Tal Bachman
The following is a list of people from Etobicoke, Ontario.
Sportspeople
David Bolland, ice hockey player (London Knights, member of the National Canadian Junior Hockey Team)
David Clarkson, ice hockey player
Paul Clatney, former Canadian football linebacker/defensive back
Carlo Colaiacovo, professional hockey player
Ken Dryden, politician and former NHL goaltender; attended Etobicoke Collegiate Institute
Manny Fernandez, former ice hockey player
Dave Huntley, former professional lacrosse player
Emilie Livingston, rhythmic gymnast
Steve Ludzik, ice hockey player, coach, analyst
Mark Napier, ice hockey player
Colin Patterson, professional hockey player
Dave Reid (ice hockey, born 1964), retired Canadian ice hockey left winger
Brendan Shanahan, former ice hockey player and current President and Alternate Governor for the Toronto Maple Leafs
Jordan Subban, professional hockey player
Malcolm Subban, professional hockey player
P. K. Subban, professional hockey player
Paul Stalteri, soccer player
Stephen Valiquette, former ice hockey player (New York Rangers goalie)
Joey Votto, baseball player (Cincinnati Reds first baseman)
Peter Zezel, former ice hockey and soccer player
Media
Jerry Agar, host of Jerry Agar Show NEWSTALK1010; resident
Jason Agnew, television producer, host, radio personality and writer
King Bach, Actor, Comedian, and Director
Bruce McDonald, film and television director
Nicole Stamp, host of Reach For The Top; attended Richview Collegiate Institute
Musicians
Dave Bidini, musician, the Rheostatics, author On a Cold Road, Tropic of Hockey
Basia Bulat, musician
Dave Clark, musician, the Rheostatics and The Dinner Is Ruined
Tom Cochrane, musician
Cold Specks, musician, now based in London
Ghetto Concept, hip-hop artists, pioneers in Toronto's hip-hop scene (Rexdale)
Jelleestone, hip hop musician
Jeff Healey, rock musician
K'naan, hip hop musician
NAV, hip hop recording artist and record producer
Rheostatics, rock band
Steve Shelski, musician, composer
Jane Siberry, singer, songwriter, poet
Snow, hip-hop artist, "Informer"
Martin Tielli, musician, the Rheostatics
Tim Vesely, musician, the Rheostatics
Spek Won, hip hop musician
Actors
King Bach, Actor, Comedian, and Director
Daniel DeSanto, actor and voice actor
Robin Duke, actor; attended Burnhamthorpe Collegiate Institute
Dave Foley, actor
Mike Lobel, actor; attended Etobicoke School of the Arts
Catherine O'Hara, actor; attended Burnhamthorpe Collegiate Institute
Anastasia Phillips, actor
Dan Redican, actor/writer
Michael Seater, actor
Kiefer Sutherland, actor; attended several local schools including John G. Althouse Middle School, Martingrove Collegiate Institute and Silverthorn Collegiate Institute
Katheryn Winnick, actor
Politicians
Tim Bardsley, ex-politician, now lawyer
Nathan Cullen, NDP Member of Parliament
Doug Ford Sr., was a Canadian business person and politician
Doug Ford, Jr., premier of Ontario
Rob Ford, late and former Mayor of Toronto
John Hallett, politician
Stephen Harper, former Prime Minister of Canada; attended Richview Collegiate Institute
Allan Rock, former Minister of Health & Canadian Ambassador to the United Nations; attended Richview Collegiate Institute
J.S. Woodsworth, social activist and founding leader of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation, the precursor to the New Democratic Party
Etobicoke
Events in the year 1966 in Turkey.
Parliament
13th Parliament of Turkey
Incumbents
President
Cemal Gürsel (up to 28 March)
Cevdet Sunay (from 28 March)
Prime Minister – Süleyman Demirel
Leader of the opposition -İsmet İnönü
Ruling party and the main opposition
Ruling party – Justice Party (AP)
Main opposition – Republican People's Party (CHP)
Cabinet
30th government of Turkey
Events
3 January – First pipeline of Turkey between Batman and İskenderun
26 March – A report by a medical board stating that the president Cemal Gürsel, a victim of paralysis was unable to resume their work. (This eventually led to the election of Cevdet Sunay as the president.)
29 May – Beşiktaş won the championship of Turkish football league.
5 June – Turkish Senate 1/3 by elections
28 June – 504 Turks in Erenköy enclave, Cyprus, sieged by Greek forces were evacuated.
8 July – President Cevdet Sunay pardons former president Celal Bayar.
19 August – The 6.8 Varto earthquake shook the Muş Province with a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX (Violent), killing at least 2,394 and injuring up to 1,500.
17 September – Unity Party was founded
8 December – 65 soldiers in Dumlu died because of an accident.
Births
16 May – Metin Şentürk, singer
28 June – Şenay Gürler, actor
20 June Fatma Şahin – mayor of Gaziantep and a former government minister
16 July – Yıldız Tilbe, singer
14 August – Tuncay Özkan, journalist
Deaths
2 February Hacı Ömer Sabancı , a well known industrialist
6 February Abdurrahman Nafiz Gürman , a former chief of staff
14 February – Ahmet Esat Tomruk (İngiliz Kemal) (aged 74), former secret agent
28 June – Fuat Köprülü former vice prime minister and academic
14 September – Cemal Gürsel, former president
Gallery
See also
1965–66 1.Lig
References
Years of the 20th century in Turkey
1966 in Europe
1966 in Asia
1966 by country
In the Boer Republics of 19th century South Africa, a burgher was a fully enfranchised citizen. Burgher rights were restricted to white men, in particular Boers.
Terminology and origins
Historically Burgher refers to a non-slave or serf citizen of a town or city, typically a member of the wealth bourgeoisie. (See also Burgher (title)).
In South Africa, the word has its origins from the term free burghers. After the establishment of the settlement at the Cape by the Dutch East India Company (VOC) several servants were issued with free papers in 1657 relieving them from their service to the Company. These people were referred to as the Free Burghers. Free burgher status included privileges such as land ownership and making use of the land to farm and supply produce to the Company usually at fixed rates.
The free burghers who settled permanently in the Cape area brought about the inception of the Boers who migrated further into the interior of South Africa. Several expansions such as the Trekboers and the Great trek eventually led to the establishment of the Boer republics in 1852. Typically a citizen of the Orange Free State would be referred to as a 'Burgher of the Free State'.
The rights to political representation and the ownership of property were collectively referred to as "burgher rights". In the Orange Free State (1854–1902), the constitution restricted burgher rights to white male residents only. The coloured people (those of mixed ancestry and who were mostly servants) had some rights regarding property but they were not burghers. The South African Republic, or Transvaal (1852–1902), gave burgher rights to white males only and explicitly barred their extension to "persons of colour". A bill passed in the Transvaal in 1858 permitted "no equality between the white and coloured inhabitants, neither in Church nor in State". Burghers were "citizen-soldiers" who, between the ages of 16 and 60, were obliged to serve without pay in the republic's commandos, providing their own horse and rifle, 30 rounds of ammunition and their own rations for the first ten days. Most of them were Boers.
History
Following the discovery of diamonds and gold in the Boer Republics and their environs in the 1870s and 1880s, white immigrants of mostly British stock began moving to the region in large numbers. The Boers referred to these people as uitlanders ("out landers"). The uitlanders demanded full burgher rights in the Transvaal, but the local government under President Paul Kruger was unwilling to grant these, surmising that the sheer number of uitlanders might imperil the republic's independence. The Irish Transvaal Brigade was established days before the outbreak of the Second Boer War and initially consisted of Irishmen who worked in the Witwatersrand. These volunteers were given full citizenship and became Burghers of the Boer republics. Under the leadership of John MacBride, the brigade was strengthened by volunteers traveling from Ireland via Delagoa Bay into South Africa.
The uitlander problem and the associated tensions between the South African Republic and Britain led to the Jameson Raid of 1895–96 and ultimately the Second Boer War of 1899–1902. Following the British victory in the latter and the Treaty of Vereeniging, the Free State and the Transvaal were annexed by Britain as the Orange River Colony and Transvaal Colony.
The Burgher Memorial near Ladysmith were unveiled in 1979 in memory of the 781 Burghers who died during the Second Boer War. The memorial contains the remains of 310 burghers who died during battles in Natal. Six structures symbolizing hands reaching upwards and one hand pointing downwards are presented.
See also
History of South Africa
White South African
List of years in South Africa
References
Notes
Bibliography
Political history of South Africa
Orange Free State
South African Republic
Lenggong is a federal constituency in Hulu Perak District, Perak, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Lenggong constituency is divided into 33 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Perak federal constituencies
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Bourke on 4 December 1891 because of the resignation of Peter Howe (), which was given to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly after they had been convicted of conspiracy to defraud.
Dates
Result
Peter Howe () resigned.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Bourke
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1891 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1890s in New South Wales
Starke County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 23,363. The county seat is Knox.
History
The Indiana State Legislature passed an omnibus county bill on 7 February 1835 that authorized the creation of thirteen counties in northeast Indiana, including Starke. The county government organization commenced in 1850. It was named for Gen. John Stark, who commanded New Hampshire troops at the Battle of Bunker Hill in 1775 in the American Revolutionary War, and who defeated the British at the Battle of Bennington in 1777.
Before white settlement, all of the land that forms modern-day Starke County and adjacent LaPorte County to the north was inhabited by the Potawatami Indian nation. These groups were forcibly removed to Kansas by the United States government in 1838, and many died on what has been called the Potawatomi Trail of Death.
When Starke County was created, it included the present LaPorte County townships of Cass, Dewey, Hanna, and Prairie. It was necessary for residents in this area to travel some distance east to Lemon's Bridge to cross the Kankakee River in order to travel south to the center of the county, the future site of the county seat at Knox. Therefore, because they were effectively isolated from the rest of Starke county, residents north of the river petitioned to be annexed to LaPorte county and this was done on January 28, 1842.
Name
Despite being named for General John Stark and originally being known and appearing on maps as Stark County when initially created and organized, an e was added to the county's name fairly early in its history. There does not seem to be any solid evidence to clearly explain this alteration. Three possible explanations have been advanced: an early scribe had 'fancy lettering', including a k with a long tail or flourish that appeared to others as ke, the new spelling sticking; General Stark themselves may have used a similar flourish at the end of their signature; which became a point of confusion to Indiana officials (This seems unlikely, since Stark County in Ohio (1808) and Illinois (1839) both preceded Starke County, Indiana and offered clear precedence and guidance on the spelling of the name, not to mention other numerous settlements within the United States named after the General also preceding Starke County.); it is thought that the change occurred around 1860 as the result of a clerical error by an official in Indianapolis.
Geography
Starke County consists of low rolling hills covered with vegetation or brush. Its boundaries include three prominences that rise to 780' (238m) ASL: two adjacent swells 0.6 mile (1.0 km) NE of Bass Lake, and a small ridge 3.0 miles (4.8 km) ESE of Bass Lake.
According to the 2010 census, Starke County has a total area of , of which (or 99.01%) is land and (or 0.98%) is water. The northwestern boundary of Starke County is defined by the Kankakee River; the Yellow River, a tributary of the Kankakee, flows through the central part of the county, past Knox.
Major highways
Adjacent counties
Municipalities
The municipalities in Starke County, and their populations as of the 2010 Census, are:
Cities and towns
Census-designated places
Unincorporated communities
Townships
The nine townships of Starke County, with their populations as of the 2010 Census, are:
Education
Public schools in Starke County are administered by four different districts:
Culver Community Schools
Knox Community School Corporation
North Judson-San Pierre Schools
Oregon-Davis School Corporation
Hospitals
Indiana University Health Starke Hospital
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Knox have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts to four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county, the commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the functions of the county government.
Court: The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years. The judge is assisted by a magistrate who is appointed by the judge. The court handles criminal and civil cases, and has a small claims division. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk, elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Starke County is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives; a district that has been represented by Jackie Walorski since January 2013.
In presidential elections, Starke County was a bellwether county for a time, voting for the winner in every election from 1964 to 2008.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 23,363 people, 9,038 households, and 6,484 families in the county. The population density was . There were 10,962 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.1% white, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.9% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 27.2% were German, 16.3% were Irish, 8.9% were English, 8.7% were American, and 6.9% were Polish.
Of the 9,038 households, 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.2% were married couples living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.3% were non-families, and 23.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 40.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $44,044. Males had a median income of $37,507 versus $28,628 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,991. About 12.9% of families and 15.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.1% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Starke County, Indiana
References
External links
Indiana counties
1850 establishments in Indiana
Northwest Indiana
Populated places established in 1850
Sundown towns in Indiana
The Lanester Velodrome Stadium is a project dedicated to indoor Track Cycling and athletics. It is located in Lanester in the Morbihan, in France. It was finished in 2015, and has up to 3,700 places for attendance.
Historical
Project Genesis
The project for a covered velodrome started in 1998 in the region of Lorient. The Stadium Moustoir which then served as a Velodrome stadium for the agglomeration was planned to be expanded when the football club who also uses, FC Lorient-Bretagne Sud, rose to the First Division in 1998. This expansion was at the expense of the cycling track that was destroyed, but Jean-Yves Le Drian, then mayor of Lorient, promised that a new stadium dedicated to cycling would be built.
A first draft plan for a stadium was presented to the elected representatives of the agglomeration of Lorient in 2002, dedicated solely to cycling, but it was considered as lacking in community interest and was not accepted. A second project was proposed in 2008, but this project, which remained very close to the original project, was still denied. A new project was presented the following year, and included, as in the case of Bordeaux velodromea, a multifunctional sporting venue; it was then supported by the local athletics people and the projected gathered more support.
Decision Finally Made
At the end of 2009, the project had sufficient support to be presented to the electors of the agglomeration. The project benefited from the development of the Cycling Grand Prix of Plouay in the region, and at the time there was a controversy about foreign teams using it as part of their preparedness for the London Olympics in 2012. However, this possibility spurred on the opposition of elected representatives of the Breton Democratic Union who saw other priorities to be met in advance, and also other elected officials of Guidel and of Larmor-Plage who saw other priorities for the funds.
Funding from the region and the state was granted 31 March 2008 under the State-Region project contract 2007-2014. The agglomeration of Lorient vote on project funding happened on 11 December 2009, followed on 20 January 2011 by the elected General Council of Morbihan. The budget of 17 million euros was then distributed among the region for 5 million euros, and from the State, the Department, and agglomeration of Lorient 4 million euros each.
The terms of the architectural competition were adopted by the agglomeration council on 6 July 2012 which aims to select four teams.
Sources
Notes
References
Athletics (track and field) venues in France
Velodromes in France
Sports venues completed in 2015
2015 establishments in France
Sports venues in Morbihan
Kingsmead is an electoral ward within Bath, England, which encompasses most of Bath city centre and stretches west along the A4 to meet Newbridge and Weston wards. The ward elects two councillors to the Bath and North East Somerset unitary authority.
Kingsmead is rarely used as the name of an area of Bath, and is primarily used for electoral purposes. The ward stretches about westward from Bath city centre, straddling the A4 road north of the River Avon. The ward is separated by the large Royal Victoria Park into a city centre eastern end, and a western residential end known as Lower Weston.
A boundary review in 2018, which came into force at the May 2019 local elections, abolished Abbey ward and extended Kingsmead eastwards as far as the Avon to include most of the city centre. At the same time the ward's western extent was slightly reduced, in order to move the Chelsea Road shopping street wholly into Newbridge ward.
Residents in the western end of the ward often use the facilities, such as schools, of the neighbouring Newbridge and Weston wards, and associate themselves with these localities.
The closed Mangotsfield and Bath Branch Line formerly ran from Green Park station, now a shopping area, in the ward. The Bristol & Bath Railway Path runs through the ward, but on the River Avon path rather than the former railway track which has been developed upon just south of the ward.
The electoral wards surrounding the ward are: Newbridge to the west, Weston and Lansdown to the north, Walcot and Bathwick to the east, and Widcombe & Lyncombe, Oldfield Park and Westmoreland to the south over the River Avon.
Notable places
Notable places within the ward, from east to west, include:
SouthGate shopping centre
Guildhall
Bath Abbey
Roman Baths
Theatre Royal
Kingsmead Square
Queen Square
Bath Royal Literary and Scientific Institution
Circus
Herschel Museum of Astronomy
Royal Crescent
Norfolk Crescent
Royal Victoria Park and Botanical Gardens
References
External links
Ward Profile - Kingsmead, Bath and North East Somerset
Areas of Bath, Somerset
Electoral wards in Bath and North East Somerset
Path was a social networking-enabled photo sharing and messaging service for mobile devices that was launched in 14 November 2010. The service allows users to share up to a total of 50 contacts with their close friends and family. Based in San Francisco, California, the company was founded by Shawn Fanning and former Facebook executive Dave Morin.
In 2011, Morin rejected a $100 million offer for the company from Google. On May 28, 2015, Path announced it had been acquired for an undisclosed amount by Kakao.
On September 17, 2018, Path announced its termination of the service. From October 18, 2018, existing users are no longer able to access the Path service.
Service
Users update their stream on Path by posting photos and adding tags for people, places, and things.
Path initially limited each user's social network to 50 friends in order to encourage greater sharing of personal information by keeping it private to a person's inner circle of social contacts. Later, Path raised its friend limit to 150 and then removed it entirely. The site was intended as a companion to Facebook and other social network platforms, as opposed to a destination website.
History
Original angel investor funding for Path was secured in November 2010, from "facebook alumni" including Marc Bodnick who cited personal belief in Dave Morin as their reason for investing.
Path's initial $2.5 million funding round included Ron Conway, Index Ventures, First Round Capital, Ashton Kutcher, Kevin Rose, Marc Benioff, Chris Kelly, and others.
In February 2011, the company raised a second round of $8.5 million in venture capital from Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Index Ventures along with Digital Garage of Japan. Path also turned down a $100 M acquisition offer from Google in February 2011.
In November 2011, Path relaunched with more features. By December 2011, it had grown from 30,000 to over 300,000 members in less than a month.
Path subsequently raised $30 million in venture capital from Redpoint Ventures. On January 11, 2014, the company announced it had raised another $25 million in venture funding from Indonesian Bakrie Group, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Index Ventures, Greylock Partners, Insight Venture Partners, Redpoint Ventures, and First Round Capital. Indonesia was the world's largest Path userbase with more than 4 million users.
Controversy
In February 2012, the company was widely criticized after concerns of accessing and storing user phone contacts without knowledge or permission. In a blog post by the CEO, the company apologized and changed its practices. Soon thereafter, in March 2012, the company received a request for information from Reps. Henry A. Waxman (D-California) and G. K. Butterfield (D-North Carolina) along with 33 other app developers asking them to detail what information they collect from users and how they use it.
In February 2013, the company was fined $800,000 by the FTC for storing data from underage users. The company would be required to have its privacy policies assessed every two years for the next twenty years. Along with the civil penalty, FTC has prohibited Path from making any misrepresentations about the extent it maintains confidentiality of its users' personal data.
In April 2013, a user alleged that Path sent spam SMS invitations to their phone contacts. TechCrunch then speculated that Facebook blocked Path's "Find Friends" access due to this occurrence; however, neither Facebook nor Path confirmed or denied such reports. Even so, Path users can still share their posts to Facebook. Facebook also cut off "Find Friends" access to other apps such as MessageMe and Voxer, which were formally cited as competitors to Facebook, programmers such as Montana Mendy contended this notion.
The company was named in a 60 Minutes report on Internet privacy and data brokers.
References
External links
American social networking websites
Social media companies of the United States
Defunct social networking services
Internet properties established in 2010
Internet properties disestablished in 2018
Image-sharing websites
Social information processing
IOS software
Android (operating system) software
American photography websites
2015 mergers and acquisitions
Kakao
Companies based in San Francisco
Products and services discontinued in 2018
Małków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
The village has a population of 210.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Angelica Segerbäck ("Angel") (born in Stockholm, 22 June 1982) is lead vocalist in the bands Waves under Water and LinaLaukaR which they and Johan Svärdshammar started together. They have also appeared on a few songs by other bands.
In 2007, Segerbäck was asked by Johan Svärdshammar if they would be interested in trying to sing to a few of their songs. Having long dreamed of forming a band and singing they gladly accepted. They recorded two songs during one day and were both very happy with the result. Thus the band was formed.
Discography
Waves under Water
Albums
All of Your Light – (CD Album) 2011 – Danse Macabre
Serpents and the Tree – (CD Album) 2009 – Calorique Records, Danse Macabre
A Short Presentation of – (Demo) 2009
Winter Garden – (Demo) 2008
Singles
Tomorrow – (digital) 2011
Red Red Star – (digital) 2010
Winter Garden – (digital) 2009
Compilation appearances
Dark Alliance vol. 3 – (CD) 2009, Track No. 1 "Serpents and the Tree" – Danse Macabre
New Signs & Sounds 11/09 – (CD) 2009, Track No. 2 "Serpents and the Tree" – Zillo
Sonic Seducer Cold Hands Seduction Vol. 100 (CD) 2009, Track No. 7 "Winter Garden" – Sonic Seducer
Gothic Lifestyle 3 (CD) November 2009, Track No. 13 "Serpents and the Tree" – Gothic Magazine
EXTREME traumfänger 10 (CD) December 2009, Track No. 9 "Nothing More" – UpScene
Die Zillo-CD 05/2010 (CD) April 2010, Track No. 15 "Red Red Star" – Zillo
Dark Alliance vol. 7 – (CD) 2010, Track No. 8 "Red Red Star" – Danse Macabre
LinaLaukaR
Albums
LinaLaukaR – (Demo) 2009
Other recordings
2010 "God appears", "Den bergtagna" – Stormfågel
2010 "I fall in love" (Swedish speech)- Nouvelle Culture
2012 "Each Day is a Shadow" – Sagitario
See also
Waves under Water
LinaLaukaR
Johan Svärdshammar
List of vegans
References
External links
Waves under Water – Official MySpace.com profile
LinaLaukaR – Official Soundcloud profile
1982 births
Living people
21st-century Swedish singers
21st-century Swedish women singers
van der Cammen is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ellen van der Cammen (born 1977), Dutch curler
Steven van der Cammen (born 1980), Dutch curler, brother of Ellen
Dutch-language surnames
Brigadier General Leonard C. Ward (November 17, 1917 – March 20, 2001) was a United States Army officer who served as Chief of the Army Division (now Director of the Army National Guard) at the National Guard Bureau.
Early life
Leonard Cecil Ward was born in Virginia, Minnesota on November 17, 1917, and was raised in Minnesota, Oklahoma and Michigan. They graduated from the Michigan College of Mining and Technology (now Michigan Technological University) in 1939 with a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering, received their commission as a Second Lieutenant of Engineers from the Reserve Officer Training Corps, and joined the Michigan Army National Guard. Ward later earned a Master of Science degree in Information Systems Technology from George Washington University.
World War II
Ward settled first in Ishpeming and later East Lansing, and entered active duty with the 32nd Infantry Division in 1940. They served in the European Theater during World War II, first as a platoon leader and company commander in the 107th Engineer Battalion, and later on the staff of the 1121st Engineer Combat Group, both units that were part of the V Corps.
Post World War II
They continued their military service after the war, and graduated from the United States Army Command and General Staff College in 1948. They were promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in 1951, and from 1952 to 1957 they were Commander of the 107th Engineer Battalion.
In 1957 Ward was appointed Engineer Staff Officer for the 46th Infantry Division, and in 1959 they were named Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations (G3).
In 1962 Ward was promoted to Colonel and assigned as the National Guard representative on the Army Staff at the Pentagon. They served until 1967, when they were assigned as Assistant Division Commander of the 46th Infantry Division and promoted to Brigadier General. They also served as the final Commander of the 46th Division before it was deactivated in 1968.
National Guard Bureau
In 1968 Ward was assigned to the National Guard Bureau as Chief of the Army Division, succeeding Charles L. Southward. In 1970 this position was upgraded to a Major General's assignment with the title Director of the Army National Guard. The Director of the Army National Guard was authorized a Brigadier General as a Deputy, and Ward was appointed Deputy Director of the Army National Guard, serving until their 1972 retirement. They were succeeded by Joseph R. Jelinek.
Post military career
After retiring from the military, Ward was employed by Computer Sciences Corporation, providing Information Management consulting services to the military, government and corporate clients.
Awards and decorations
Ward's awards included: Legion of Merit; Bronze Star Medal with oak leaf cluster; American Defense Service Medal; European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with Arrowhead device and five Battle Stars; World War II Victory Medal; Armed Forces Reserve Medal; Michigan Distinguished Service Medal; and Michigan Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters.
Death and burial
In retirement Ward resided in McLean, Virginia. They died at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on March 20, 2001 and was buried at Arlington National Cemetery, Section 48, Grave 1974.
References
1917 births
2001 deaths
People from Virginia, Minnesota
People from Ishpeming, Michigan
People from East Lansing, Michigan
People from McLean, Virginia
Michigan Technological University alumni
George Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army generals
National Guard (United States) generals
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
The Evektor VUT100 Cobra (also called the VUT 100 and VUT-100) is a Czech light aircraft under development by Evektor-Aerotechnik, of Kunovice. The aircraft is intended to be supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
As of 2017 the manufacturer lists the aircraft as "in development".
Design and development
The aircraft features a cantilever low-wing, a four-seat enclosed cabin, retractable tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The VUT100 is a hybrid construction of metallic and composite materials. Its span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The engines fitted vary, depending on the model and the cabin are in width. The VUT100 is stressed for +3.8/-1.52g in the normal category and +4.4/-1.76g in the utility category.
Although designed to European CS-23 and American FAR-23 certification standards, the VUT100 does not currently have a type certificate issued by the European Aviation Safety Agency or the Federal Aviation Administration.
Variants
Evektor VUT100-120i Cobra
Base model with a Lycoming IO-360-A1B6 four-stroke powerplant, an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of .
Evektor VUT100-131i SuperCobra
Higher powered model with a Lycoming IO-580-B1A four-stroke powerplant, an empty weight of and a gross weight of , giving a useful load of .
Specifications (VUT100-131i SuperCobra)
References
External links
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Cobra
Jingwan-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
Education
Schools located in Jingwan-dong:
Jingwan Elementary School
Eunjin Elementary School
Seoul Eunvit Elementary School
Bukhansan Elementary School
Jingwan Middle School
Sindo Middle School
Hana Academy Seoul
Jingwan High School
Sindo High School
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Jingwan-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
Nurmi is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anne Nurmi (born 1968), Finnish singer, composer and keyboard player who is a member of the band Lacrimosa
Maila Nurmi (1922–2008), Finnish-American actor who created the campy 1950s character Vampira
Markus Nurmi (born 1998), a Finnish ice hockey player currently playing for HC TPS of the SM-liiga
Mauno Nurmi (1936–2018), retired professional football and ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga
Osku Nurmi, a Finnish radio personality
Paavo Nurmi (1897–1973), Finnish runner nicknamed the "Flying Finn" who won nine gold and three silver medals in the Olympic Games
Teemu Nurmi, a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Lukko of the SM-liiga
See also
1740 Paavo Nurmi, a minor planet
Paavo Nurmi Marathon, an annual road race held each August in Iron County, Wisconsin, in the United States
Paavo Nurmi Marathon (Turku), an annual marathon road running race held during summer in Turku, Finland, the birth city of Paavo Nurmi
Paavo Nurmi Stadion, a multi-use stadium in Turku, Finland
Finnish-language surnames
fr:Nurmi
mk:Nurmi
Six by Seven (also written as SIX.BY SEVEN or six.by seven or six.byseven) are an English indie rock band, formed in 1992 in Nottingham. The classic lineup of the band featured singer/guitarist Chris Olley, guitarist Sam Hempton, drummer Chris Davis, bassist Paul Douglas and keyboard player James Flower.
The band split up in 2008, before re-forming in 2012 with Olley and Flower as the only original members.
Formation
Originally formed in 1992 as "Friends Of...", they performed their first show at the Old Angel pub in their hometown of Nottingham in late 1992. After recording several demos and playing gigs, the band attracted some record company interest. However, they once played to a room full of A&R men at Leicester's Charlotte with the room emptying before the first 15-minute song was complete. Undeterred, the band continued to write and record. Bass player Paul Douglas joined later that year. The band got their break by playing support slots with Rocket from the Crypt and Girls Against Boys, and changed their name to Six by Seven in 1996. The name was taken from the research connected with the Hubble Space Telescope. Sam Hempton came up with the name and described it as follows:
"There was a big debate as to whether the millions of other galaxies in the universe were accelerating away from each other or moving away at a constant rate, or whether they were actually coming back in on themselves. The scientists originally thought that everything would eventually come back in on itself and implode, but what's actually happening is that they are accelerating away at a rate of 6 x 7."
Early releases
In 1997 the band released their debut 12-inch single 'European Me', which led to a five-album deal. Their debut album, The Things We Make, was released the following year, after which they began headlining their own shows, as well as touring with Ash, Manic Street Preachers, The Dandy Warhols, and Placebo. In May 1998, they were asked to play a live session on the John Peel Show, and recorded four more sessions over the next four years.
Their second album, The Closer You Get, was released in 2000. Sam Hempton left the band shortly thereafter. Douglas followed in 2002, after the release of their third album, The Way I Feel Today. In September 2004 the fourth album 04 was released, along with a collection of outtakes from the recording sessions called Left Luggage at the Peveril Hotel which was initially available through the band's website. In April 2005 a new album was announced for release entitled Artists Cannibals Poets Thieves – it was described as Six by Seven's "first album as a three-piece".
Disbanding
Shortly before the album's release in June, the band announced they were to "stop touring and effectively end the group for the foreseeable future", with a live album and a b-sides and rarities collection to follow.
In December 2005 a new "unofficial" studio album – Club Sandwich at the Peveril Hotel – was released on the band's web site on 16 January 2006, with a limited number of copies making their way into stores in March. Although there was mention (and even scheduling) of a series of live gigs for early 2006, these shows were eventually cancelled.
In August 2006 the band made a surprise appearance playing at the Social in Nottingham with a new line-up featuring past collaborators Tony Doggen Foster and Ady Fletcher with Ian Bissett newly recruited on the drums.
In September 2006 a collection of rarities, live tracks and demo recordings was made available via the bands' website.
On 12 December 2006 the band played another gig at the Social in Nottingham. Once again this featured the lineup of Chris Olley, James Flower, Doggen, Ady Fletcher and Ian Bissett.
Side projects
Chris Olley continues to work on solo project Twelve but has laid electro clash outfit Fuck Me USA to rest. They released their first solo album in November 2009 and has released several more since, mostly via their website.
Chis Davis formed Spotlight Kid as a side project with Nottingham-based singer Katty Heath in 2004. When Six by Seven broke up in 2005 Chris decided to carry on full-time with Spotlight Kid. The second album featured Chris (as ringleader, chief songwriter and stickman) and a full band, along with Katty continuing on vocal duties.
Reformation
In February 2007, it was officially announced via the band's website that Six by Seven had re-formed with their original lineup of Chris Olley, Sam Hempton, James Flower and Christian Davis. Pete Stevenson takes over Paul Douglas' role on bass.
July 2007 saw the online release of a new album recorded solely by Olley and Flower. It was entitled If Symptoms Persist, Kill Your Doctor and was limited to 1000 copies only. Its lyrics are inspired by an episode of a BBC TV programme called The Trap. Gigs were scheduled to coincide with the release.
The best of (with songs chosen by fans on the official forum) was released later including remixes and a DVD containing the band's promo videos.
The band finally imploded after Chris Olley left in November 2008.
In August 2012, Chris Olley announced that they and James Flower re-formed Six by Seven and that they were recording new material with the former Placebo drummer Steve Hewitt. A new album, Love And Peace And Sympathy, was released on 8 July 2013.
Following a Facebook campaign to get Eat Junk Become Junk to number one another re-formation happened. After the song went to number one in the Christmas 2015 Rock Download Chart, Beggars Banquet re-released the band's second album on vinyl, including a bonus album of B-sides and Peel Sessions. The Greatest Hits CD was also released. Following this the band did two one-off shows with the original line-up at the Maze In Nottingham and The Garage in London. At the Maze show in Nottingham the band played The Closer You Get album in its entirety.
With another six by seven show planned in October 2017, Chris Olley intends to re-form and restructure the band as a going live concern once again. The band played the Glade stage at Glastonbury Festival in 2019.
Discography
Studio albums
The Things We Make (1998)
The Closer You Get (2000)
The Way I Feel Today (2002) UK #69
04 (2004)
Artists Cannibals Poets Thieves (2005)
If Symptoms Persist, Kill Your Doctor (2007)
Love and Peace and Sympathy (2013)
The World Hates Me and the Feeling Is Mutual (2019)
VINYL ONLY
six by seven I - also known as Blood Drips Album (2015)
six by seven II - also known as Hollywood Splatter Album (2016)
EXII (2017)
Compilations
Left Luggage at the Peveril Hotel (2004)
Club Sandwich at the Peveril Hotel (2006)
Any Colour So Long as It's Black (All the Way from Forest Fields and Back...) (2008)
Greatest Hits (2016)
Singles and EPs
"European Me" (1997)
"88-92-96" (1997)
"Candlelight" (1998) UK #70
"For You" (1998)
"European Me ep" (1998)
"Two and a Half Days in Love with You EP" (1999)
"Ten Places to Die" (1999)
"New Year" (2000)
"Eat Junk Become Junk" (2000)
"So Close" (2002)
"I O U Love" (2002) UK #48
"All My New Best Friends" (2002)
"Bochum (Light Up My Life)" (2003)
"Bring Down the Government" (2003)
"Ready for You Now" (2004)
"Catch the Rain" (2004)
"Ocean/Clouds" (2004)
Live, demo, or unofficial albums
B-Sides & Rarities 1
B-Sides & Rarities 2
Live in Ashton-Under-Lyne 08/09/99
Live in Usa, Oslo, Newcastle
Live in Amsterdam/Paris
Live at La Route Du Rock 1998
Live at Eden project 11 August 2001
Live at Manchester Hop and Grape 15-04-02
Live at Nottingham Boatclub 31/10/02
Live Sessions 1999-2001
Alternative Versions, Remixes and Cover Versions
Demo's 1997-99
Live at the Peveril Hotel
Demos Volume II
Live at Glastonbury 2008
References
External links
Six by Seven interview (June 2000) for QRD
Six by Seven interview (September 2002) for QRD
Chris Olley (Twelve/Six by Seven) interview (May 2006) for QRD
English indie rock groups
Neo-psychedelia groups
Shoegazing musical groups
English space rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 1996
Musical groups disestablished in 2008
Musical groups disestablished in 2012
Musical groups from Nottingham
Admiral Sir Charles Eden, (3 July 1808 – 7 March 1878) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Second Naval Lord.
Naval career
Born the fifth son of Sir Frederick Eden, Eden joined the Royal Navy in 1821. They were given command of the fourth-rate HMS Winchester in 1842 and the flagship HMS Victory in 1847.
From 1848 to 1852 they acted as Private Secretary to George Eden, 1st Earl of Auckland and Sir Francis Baring, 3rd Baronet, successively First Lords of the Admiralty. They succeeded their cousin Henry Eden to that position.
They took command of the second-rate HMS London in 1853 and saw action in the bombardment of Sevastopol during the Crimean War. They were awarded the Order of the Medjidie 3rd Class in 1858.
They then became Comptroller-General of the Coastguard in 1855, Third Naval Lord in 1859 and Second Naval Lord in 1861. They were promoted to Rear-Admiral in 1861 and to Vice-Admiral in 1866. They were made a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1863.
They were placed on the Retired List in 1870 and elevated to Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1873 Birthday Honours.
They died in Spring Gardens, Westminster in 1878.
Family
In 1828 they married Emma Williams and in 1866 they married Fanny Cecilia Grenville. There were no children from either marriage.
See also
References
|-
1808 births
1878 deaths
Royal Navy admirals
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Younger sons of baronets
Lords of the Admiralty
Dinant was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1900.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
Trans is a village in the municipality of Tomils in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. In 2009 Trans merged with Feldis/Veulden, Scheid and Tumegl/Tomils to form the municipality of Tomils.
History
Trans is first mentioned in the middle of the 12th Century as Hof ad Tranne.
Geography
Trans has an area, , of . Of this area, 30.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while 46.4% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (22%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Domleschg sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district. It consisted of the haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) village of Trans, located on a terrace above the eastern side of the Hinterrhine valley.
Demographics
Trans has a population () of 56, all Swiss. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -17.6%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 55.4% male and 44.6% female. The age distribution, , in Trans is; 8 people or 11.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 6 people or 8.7% are 10 to 14, and 4 people or 5.8% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 5 people or 7.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 7 people or 10.1% are 30 to 39, 11 people or 15.9% are 40 to 49, and 12 people or 17.4% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 5 people or 7.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 4 people or 5.8% are 70 to 79, there are 7 people or 10.1% who are 80 to 89.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 66.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SPS (17.9%), the FDP (9%) and the CVP (4.8%).
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Trans about 52.8% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a Fachhochschule).
Trans has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 15 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 7 businesses involved in this sector. 4 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector. 4 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 2 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Official website
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Domleschg
Sekar Ayyanthole is a painter, art teacher and former president of Kerala Chithrakala Parishath
Birth
Born in Ayyanthole, Thrissur, Kerala, South India in 1954.
Education
Diploma in drawing and painting GOI (Govt. Occupational Institute - now College of Fine Arts, Thrissur 1975.
Employment
Worked in Govt. Occupational Institute, Thrissur as Art Instructor in 1976 for less than a year.
Worked in Kerala Govt. Education Department as Art Teacher from 1978 to 2006.
Painting Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
GOI Thrissur 1983, Edathanattukara, PGT 1987. Ernakulam 1989. "Aa-96" Calicut 1996. Except 1989 all above are sponsored by KLK Academy. "Ayyanthole -99" at Chithram Art Gallery Cochin 1999, "6th Solo" at KLK
Academy Gallery, Cochin 2002, 7th Solo "Bikanir" at Thrissur 2006, 8th Solo "Iriyannni" at Chitrakala Parishat Gallery, Bangalore 2007.
Group Shows
"Dhanu - 53" Thrissur 1977. "Kalamela" New Delhi through KLK Academy at the time of Third Triannale 1978. Twenty KLK Academy Annual Exhibitions since 1975. All Chithram Gallery Annual Exhibitions since 1995. "Impasto-Twelve"an exhibition of eminent artists Yusuf Arakkal, Akkitham Narayanan etc. at Chithram Gallery 1996 "Inside of Outside" Inaugural Exhibition Synagogue Art Gallery Mattancherry 1998."41st National Exhibition by "Lalithkala Academy New Delhi 1999. National Exhibition by KCP at Kerala House New Delhi 2000. "KCP National 2001" Exhibition by KCP at Venkatappa Gallery Bangalore 2001. Participated in 46th National Exhibition in 2004 at Cochi, by Lalithakala Academy, New Delhi.
Painting Camps
KCP Camp at Thrissur 1976. State Artists Camp at Neyyar by KLK Academy 1977. "Folk Art Camp" at Thrissur by KLK Academy in 1978. KLK Academy Camp at Ottappalam 1979. KLK Academy State Camp at Calicut 1984.,Thrissur 1988. Artists Camp at Peringode by Art Club 1991. " Painting for Communal Harmony" with M. F. Husain 1992. Kozhikode Camp by KCP (Universal Arts) 1994. National Artists Camp "Utharayanam" by Art Club Peringode in 1994. Convener of "TVBN Varnamelam" National Artists Camp by KCP at Kumaranellur 1995. "Chithrakam" at Mukkuthala Malappuram by KCP 1995. National Artists Camp at Kasaragode by KLK Academy 1995. State Artists Shadow Camp by KLK Academy at Kila- Thrissur 1997. Artists Camp at Azheekal by KCP 1997.“ Theerakazhchakal ”at Alappuzha 1997. Neyyar Dam Camp by KCP 1999. All “Prakruthi”Annual State Camps by KCP since 1995. “Brush out AIDS” Cochin by KLK Academy 2002.“Nirakkoottam” Dist. Camp KLK Academy at Lakkidi as Camp Director 2003.“Kalakumbh” Senior Artists Camp Bikanir - Rajasthan, Organized by AIFACS and Rajasthan Lalithakala Academy, 2003. “Varnam” National Artists Camp Organized by Pondicherry Cultural Department at Mahi in 2004.
Awards
Honorable mention by KLK Academy for Painting “Anakkara” 1978. Cash Award by Kerala Chithrakala Parishath for “Omana” 1982. KCP Award by Kerala Chithrakala Parishath for “ Omana-9 ” 1983. Honorable mention by KLK Academy for “ Golden Temple ” 1984. Samskarikakendram National Award for Drawing “Bull Festival” 1989. 2014 honourable mention for visual arts by Kerala Lalithakala Akademi
Special events
Conducted “Kalayathra” as KCP State Secretary - All Kerala Artists Tour and on the spot Painting 1997. Hon. Governor of Kerala Sri. Sukh Dev Singh Kang Visited “ KCP National 2000 ” and invited all painters to Rajbhavan for a friendly talk on paintings. Hon. Governor bought the painting “Vishu” and is now on display at Rajbhavan, Trivandrum.
Family
Wife: Omana C K
Sons: Jinan Sekhar, Dhanan Sekhar Edathara
References
External links
New space for art (The Hindu Metro Plus Kochi)
A pot pourri of paintings (The Hindu Metro Plus Kochi)
Official website
Facebook page
1954 births
Artists from Thrissur
20th-century Indian painters
Living people
Malayali people
Painters from Kerala
Indian male painters
20th-century Indian male artists
Chak Atitha High School is a non-government funded co-educational secondary school in Chak Atitha, Naogaon Sadar Upazila, Naogaon District, Bangladesh. It was established in 1914.
Information
Established in 1914, the 2 acre (0.8 ha) campus serves approximately 350 students from grades 6-10 (ages 12–17) with a teaching staff of 15, led by Principal Yasin Ahmed (2015 to present) and the Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Rajshahi. Facilities include a Faculty-Library, a student hostel, and a mosque. Sessions run from January to December, and coursework is conducted in the Bengali language.
The school's motto is "Knowledge Is Power" (জ্ঞানই শক্তি).
References
Schools in Naogaon District
High schools in Bangladesh
1914 establishments in India
Educational institutions established in 1914
Alphonse Marie Tchami Djomaha (born 14 September 1971) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a striker. At international level, they represented Cameroon at the 1994 and 1998 FIFA World Cups.
Club career
Born in Kekem, Tchami began their career in Cameroon with Unisport Bafang before moving to Danish club Vejle BK. In their short spell at Vejle they scored 8 goals in 15 games, but was unable to prevent the club being relegated. Tchami's spell at Vejle led to interest from other Danish clubs and Tchami eventually moved to Odense BK (OB). Tchami was a part of the OB team that defeated Real Madrid in the 1994–95 UEFA Cup third round by 4–3 on aggregate, earning a place in the quarter-finals.
Tchami joined Argentinian club Boca Juniors shortly after the 1994 FIFA World Cup. In total Tchami played 50 games and scored 11 goals for Boca. After three years they returned to Europe with German side Hertha BSC. Tchami spent two seasons with Hertha before a spell in the United Arab Emirates with Al-Wasl.
Tchami was on trial with Bolton Wanderers in July 2000 following their release, playing in friendly matches on Bolton's tour of Denmark, before signing for Dundee United in August. Tchami spent four months at the Scottish club, leaving in December after playing in four matches and failing to score. Nice was Tchami's next club, where they signed a short-term contract until the end of the season. In August 2001, Tchami left France - putting what was termed a "bad spell" behind them - and moved to Russian club Chernomorets, before moving again, this time to Shenyang Ginde in China. They signed for Lebanese club Nejmeh in September 2003 but left after less than three weeks, ending their career back in France with amateur side Épernay. Their club career spanned twelve clubs in ten countries over four continents.
International career
Tchami played in 57 matches for Cameroon and was a participant at the 1994 and 1998 FIFA World Cups, in addition to the 1996 African Cup of Nations.
Personal life
Tchami is from a family of footballers. Their three younger brothers also played professionally: Bertrand, former Grenoble Foot 38 and Stade de Reims player, Joël, and Hervé.
References
External links
Official Dundee United profile
Living people
1971 births
Association football forwards
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Unisport Bafang players
Vejle Boldklub players
Odense Boldklub players
Boca Juniors footballers
Hertha BSC players
Al-Wasl F.C. players
Dundee United F.C. players
OGC Nice players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
Changsha Ginde players
Nejmeh SC players
RC Épernay Champagne players
Danish Superliga players
Argentine Primera División players
Bundesliga players
Russian Premier League players
UAE Pro League players
Ligue 2 players
Scottish Premier League players
Lebanese Premier League players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
1994 African Cup of Nations players
1996 African Cup of Nations players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Lebanon
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in China
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Coral Gables (previously Leiendecker's Inn) is a historic restaurant and resort located at 220 Water Street in Saugatuck, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
History
In the 1890s, the Lake Michigan shore was experiencing a tourism boom as summer resorters arrived from Chicago and other communities. The Saugatuck–Douglas area was no exception, and the 1896 construction of an interurban line from Holland provided an easy connection for visitors. In 1898 the current waterfront site of Coral Gables contained a saloon, but in July 1898 the Leiendecker Brothers of Chicago bought the two-lot property for $3750 (equivalent to $ in ). The firm (represented by Edward J. Leiendecker) kept the saloon open, and added a two-story hotel and dock. Business boomed in 1899, and at the end of the tourist season, Leiendecker moved the saloon and began enlarging the hotel even further. However, in early 1900, the entire complex burned down, likely due to the use of salamander heaters during construction.
Leiendecker immediately began working on a new structure, engaging architect William K. Johnston of Chicago to design the current structure. The foundation was complete by early May 1900, and the first rooms, located in the south wing of the structure, were ready to be occupied in June. However, construction on the remaining portions of the structure, now dubbed Leiendecker's Inn, was not started until late 1905. The new inn was formally opened on June 1, 1906.
However, in 1907, Saugatuck voters decided to make the town dry, which likely affected profits at Leiendecker's Inn. In 1911, Leiendecker tried to sell the hotel, but with no buyers, instead leased it to J.F. Hall, who renamed it the Columbia Hotel. However, after the 1915 SS Eastlast disaster, the hotel lost money in the 1916 season, and closed at the end of the year. It remained vacant until 1920, when Francis Horrigan bought the building, renaming it the Hotel Saugatuck. They ran the hotel until 1928, when it was sold to Edson Crow. Crow, a restaurateur, built up the restaurant and lounge in the building, and ran it with their brother Dale until after both had died. In 1958, the property was sold to Thomas A. Johnson, who owned a popular East Lansing restaurant and night club known as Coral Gables. Johnson enlarged and renovated the restaurant, and opened a separate, smaller restaurant in the basement, as well as another bar.
Johnson continued to expand the restaurant and performing areas. By the early 1970s, the hotel function of the building was discontinued, with the former hotel rooms then primarily used for storage. Thomas Johnson died in 1979, leaving the establishment to their sons Topper and Michael. Topper Johnson managed the building until their own death in 1985. Michael Johnson then assumed management, and continued to expand and update the dining and entertainment options in the building.
Description
Coral Gables is a rectangular building standing on a lot which slopes downward to the Kalamazoo River, such that the basement is on ground level at the rear of the building. The central part of the building, the old hotel, has a U plan above the ground floor, with the base of the U at the front of the building. A tall cross-gambrel roof contains the third story in the front of the building and the wings of the U. There are gables at the front and back of each leg of the U, and another gable near the center of each leg. The front roof between the two front gables contains three smaller gabled dormers, with additional dormers on the wings.
The hotel front of the hotel on the first floor is clad with vertical boarding and contains large picture windows and some older double-hung units. The widows in the remainder of the building are set in an irregular pattern, and are double-hung one-over-one units in square-head openings. There are three main entrances, one in the center of the front, and one under each front gable. A single-story porch with square wood posts and wrought-iron railing' likely installed c. 1960, runs the full length of the front of the building. Single-story additions are located on each side of the building.
On the interior, the main floor and a basement level house a main dining room, a bar/dancing/billiard room, a basement-level bar, and a snack bar. The second and third stories contain hotel rooms, which are now primarily used for storage.
See also
References
National Register of Historic Places in Allegan County, Michigan
Queen Anne architecture in Michigan
Buildings and structures completed in 1906
1906 establishments in Michigan
Floda BoIF is a Swedish football club located in Floda, Lerum, near Gothenburg.
Background
Since their foundation on 11 February 1935 Floda Boll-och Idrottsförening has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 4 Göteborg A, which is the sixth tier of Swedish football, following two successive relegations in 2006 and 2007. They play their home matches at the Flodala IP in Floda.
Floda BoIF are affiliated to the Göteborgs Fotbollförbund. Floda BoIF have competed in the Svenska Cupen on 17 occasions and have played 33 matches in the competition. They played in the 2003 Svenska Cupen and reached the second round when they lost 1–9 at home to Örgryte IS.
Season to season
Attendances
In recent seasons Floda BoIF have had the following average attendances:
Footnotes
External links
Floda BoIF – Official website
Football clubs in Västra Götaland County
Association football clubs established in 1935
1935 establishments in Sweden
Deadbolt is a 1992 made-for-television thriller film, by Douglas Jackson, and starring Justine Bateman, Adam Baldwin, and Michele Scarabelli.
Plot
When medical student Marty Hiller (Justine Bateman) places an ad for a roommate, their ad is answered by handsome, clean-cut Alec Danz (Adam Baldwin). At first Alec seems to be a wonderful roommate; supportive, considerate and a real friend. However, Alec's affection turns to obsession as they plot to manipulate and control all aspects of Marty's life, imprison them in their own apartment and make them his.
Cast
Justine Bateman as Marty Hiller
Adam Baldwin as Alec Danz
Michele Scarabelli as Theresa Velez
Cindy Pass as Diana
Chris Mulkey as Jordan
Colin Fox as Professor Rhodes
Amy Fulco as Michelle
Ellen David as Lani
Griffith Brewer as Beason
Mark Camacho as Phil
Isabelle Truchon as Linda
Anthony Sherwood as Detective Toren
External links
1992 films
American television films
English-language Canadian films
Canadian thriller television films
Films directed by Douglas Jackson
1990s Canadian films
The Spanish Cape Mystery is a 1935 American mystery film directed by Lewis D. Collins and starring Donald Cook, Helen Twelvetrees and Berton Churchill. It is based on the novel of the same name featuring the detective Ellery Queen.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1935 films
1935 mystery films
1930s English-language films
American mystery films
Films directed by Lewis D. Collins
Republic Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
1930s American films
DNOS or Dell Networking Operating System is a network operating system running on switches from Dell Networking. It is derived from either the PowerConnect OS (DNOS 6.x) or Force10 OS/FTOS (DNOS 9.x) and will be made available for the 10G and faster Dell Networking S-series switches, the Z-series 40G core switches and DNOS6 is available for the N-series switches.
Two version families
The DNOS network operating system family comes in a few main versions:
DNOS3
DNOS 3.x: This is a family of firmware for the campus access switches that can only be managed using a web based GUI or run as unmanaged device.
DNOS6
DNOS 6.x: This is the operating system running on the Dell Networking N-series (campus) networking switches. It is the latest version of the 'PowerConnect' operating system, running on a Linux Kernel. It is available as upgrade for the PowerConnect 8100 series switches (which then become a Dell Networking N40xx switch) and it also is installed on all DN N1000, N2000 and N3000 series switches. It has a full web-based GUI together with a full CLI (command line interface) and the CLI will be very similar to the original PowerConnect CLI, though with a range of new features like PVSTP (per VLAN spanning tree), Policy Based Routing and MLAG.
DNOS9
DNOS 9.x: TeUTg on NetBSD.
Only the PowerConnect 8100 will be able to run on DNOS 6.x: all other PowerConnect ethernet switches will continue to run its own PowerConnect OS (on top of VxWorks) while the PowerConnect W-series run on a Dell specific version of ArubaOS.
The Dell Networking S- xxxx and Z9x00 series will run on DNOS where the other Dell Networking switches will continue to run FTOS 8.x firmware.
OS10
OS10 is a Linux-based open networking OS that can run on all Open Network Install Environment (ONIE) switches. As it runs directly in a Linux environment network admins can highly automate the network platform and manage the switches in a similar way as the (Linux) servers.
Hardware Abstraction Layer
Three of the four product families from Dell Networking are using the Broadcom Trident+ ASICs, but the company doesn't use the APIs from Broadcom: the developers at Dell Networking have written their own Hardware Abstraction Layer so that DNOS 9.x can run on different hardware platforms with minimal impact for the firmware. Currently three of the four DN switch families are based on the Broadcom Trident family (while the 4th - the E-series- run on self-developed ASICs); and two of them are running DNOS 9.x (S- and Z- series) and if the product developers want or need to use different hardware for new products they only need to develop a HAL for that new hardware and the same firmware can run on it. This keeps the company flexible and not dependent on a specific hardware-vendor and can use both 3rd party or self designed ASICs and chipsets.
The underlying OS on which DNOS 9.x, runs, is based on NetBSD (while the DNOS 6.x runs on a Linux kernel), an implementation which is often used in embedded networking-systems. NetBSD is a very stable, open source, OS running on many different hardware platforms. By choosing for a proven technology with extended TCP functionality built into the core of the OS it reduces time during development of new products or extending the DNOS with new features.
Modular setup
DNOS 9.x is also modular where different parts of the OS run independently from each other within one switch: if one process would fail the impact on other processes on the switch are limited. This modular setup is also taken to the hardware level in some product-lines where a routing-module has three separate CPUs: one for management, one for L2 and one for L3 processing. This same approach is also used in the newer firmware-families from Cisco like the NX-OS for the Nexus product-line or the IOS XR for the high-end routers (the Carrier Routing Systems) from Cisco. (and unlike the original IOS: processes under IOS aren't isolated from each other). This approach is regarded not only a way to make the firmware more resilient but also increases the security of the switches
Capabilities
All DNOS 9.x based switches offer a wide range of layer2 and layer3 protocols. All features are available on all switches: some switch models (in the S-series) offer an additional license for layer3 or routing: this additional license is NOT required to use that protocol, but only required to get support from the Dell Networking support department on using these features. All interfaces on DNOS 9.x running switches are configured as a layer3 interface and by default shutdown. To use such an interface as an ethernet switchport you need to configure it as such (with the command "switchport") and then enable that port using "no shutdown".
Unlike DNOS 6.x (which provide web and CLI - with extensive API control via undocumented "dedug console" and "dev help" commands), DNOS 9.x only offers a documented command line interface (CLI) to configure and monitor the switch directly, though it is possible with the "Automation Tools" to create your own webGui on DNOS 9.x switches.
Layer2 capabilities
All standardized ethernet standards are supported by switches running FTOS including: Spanning Tree Protocol and RSTP, VLAN and the IEEE 802.1Q standards, QinQ or IEEE 802.1ad, Link Layer Discovery Protocol and LLDP MED.
The S-series switches ending with a V and some of the E-series line-cards support Power over Ethernet or PoE with the standards for this protocol.
Layer3 capabilities
As mentioned above, by default an interface on a switch running DNOS 9.x are configured as a layer3 port. All these switches are thus routers with many interfaces that can (and most often are) reconfigured into a layer2 ethernet switch.
All DNOS 9 switches run at least the following routing protocols: Routing Information Protocol and RIP version 2, OSPF, IS-IS and Border Gateway Protocol version 4.
Open Automation
Under the name OpenAutomation 2.0 Dell Networking switches running DNOS 9.x offers a number of features under this name. These features include:
Smart Scripting
Dell Networking switches support so-called smart scripting. It is possible to develop scripts that run on the switches running DNOS 9. Both Perl and Python are supported as scripting languages to automate environment specific repetitive tasks or to build in custom behavior. Users who write such scripts are promoted to share these scripts with the user-community and make them available to other Force10/DNOS users. Force10 introduced the smart scripting in FTOS in 2010, following other vendors like Cisco for their Nexus product range
Bare metal provisioning
Dell Networking switches support a bare metal provisioning option: if you need to deploy a number of similar switches you can put both (desired/latest) firmware release and standard user-specific configuration on a USB key: when deploying the switches you can insert the USB key, power-up the switch and it will automatically load the correct firmware and configuration. In combination with smart scripting someone can combine these features for a fully automated installation and configuration of new switches. It is also possible to run BMP via the network: unless re-configured to start in 'normal' mode all DNOS 9.x switches (and the earlier FTOS switches) will check if there is a BMP server on the network by sending out a DHCP/BOOTP request at boot: if it gets the correct response from the DHCP server (IP address, address of TFTP server and a script/config file name) it will contact a TFTP server to download correct firmware and configuration files and run that. You can disable this feature during initial configuration so that the switch will boot from the firmware and configuration saved on the switch NVRAM memory.
Virtual server networking
Part of the Open Automation platform are special features for the use of virtualisation in your datacenter. Virtualisation allows you to create complete (virtual) server-systems running on a standard hypervisor farm. This will create new challenges for networking in such a datacenter, support automated configuration of datacenter switches to connect newly created virtual servers. The open automation platform has several features to support this.
Network Automation
According to Dell the move to (server and datacenter) virtualisation is one of the most important developments in the IT industry. According to this vendor the industry must prevent that this path leads to getting locked-in into specific vendors due to the use of proprietary technologies. The open automation framework is an open framework that doesn't rely on proprietary solutions
Alternative OS
On some models Dell Networking switches (currently the S3048-ON, S4048-ON, S4810-ON, S6000-ON and Z9100) it is possible to run an alternative network OS: Cumulus Linux. This will run instead of DNOS on top of NetBSD. Cumulus Linux is a complete Linux distribution which uses the full TCP/IP stack of Linux.
References
Computer networking
Dell
Embedded operating systems
Internet Protocol based network software
Network operating systems
Imma vaticina is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1912. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland.
The wingspan is 20–22 mm. The forewings are violet fuscous with a transverse dark fuscous mark on the end of the cell, in males connected with the dorsum by a direct obscure darker shade, followed by somewhat paler suffusion. The hindwings are hyaline (glass like), with the veins dark fuscous. There is a broad fuscous band along the costa and a dark fuscous terminal band, broadest at the apex, with an abrupt projection inwards beneath vein 2, below this abruptly narrow, then with a long wedge-shaped projection on vein 1b. The dorsum is slenderly suffused with fuscous.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Fenzlia species.
References
Moths described in 1912
Immidae
Moths of Australia
"Yeh Ladka Haye Allah" (Hindi: ये लडका हाय अल्लाह, "This Boy Oh God!") is an Indian Hindi song from the 1977 Bollywood film Hum Kisise Kum Naheen. It was sung by Asha Bhosle and Mohammad Rafi. The song was picturized on Rishi Kapoor and Kajal Kiran. It was written by Majrooh Sultanpuri and composed by R. D. Burman. It has been remixed and sampled by many other artists.
The song was a hit in the 1970s, and gained cult status in India. In 2020, Asha Bhosle named this song as one of their most favourite songs.
Reviews
Indian newspaper The Print praised the score of Hum Kisise Kum Naheen. They praised the composition of all the songs, including "Yeh Ladka Haye Allah". Director Nasir Hussain has been credited as the mastermind of making such soulful songs.
Cultural Impact
In 2019, actor Madhuri Dixit sang this song in the dancing reality show Dance Deewane.
In 2021, the song was performed by Dheeraj Dhoopar and Shraddha Arya in the serial Kundali Bhagya.
Versions
This song has been remade and re-sung by many artists including Jassi Gill, Vishakha Mahore.
In 2018, Indian singer Visakha Mahore has sung a rehashed version of it. Bhojpuri actor Rani Chatterjee featured in the song.
References
External links
Watch the song.
1977 songs
Indian songs
Hindi film songs
Songs with music by R. D. Burman
Asha Bhosle songs
Mohammed Rafi songs
The table below shows the 1989 WTA Tier I Series schedule.
Singles
See also
WTA Tier I Events
See also
1989 in tennis
1989 ATP Tour
1989 WTA Tour
External links
Official WTA Tour website
MAM-2201 (4'-methyl-AM-2201, 5"-fluoro-JWH-122) is a drug that presumably acts as a potent agonist for the cannabinoid receptors. It had never previously been reported in the scientific or patent literature, and was first identified by laboratories in the Netherlands and Germany in June 2011 as an ingredient in synthetic cannabis smoking blends. Like RCS-4 and AB-001, MAM-2201 thus appears to be a novel compound invented by "research chemical" suppliers specifically for grey-market recreational use. Structurally, MAM-2201 is a hybrid of two known cannabinoid compounds JWH-122 and AM-2201, both of which had previously been used as active ingredients in synthetic cannabis blends before being banned in many countries.
A study of MAM-2201 in rats showed that it causes neurofunctional disruptions.
Legal status
In the United States, all CB1 receptor agonists of the 3-(1-naphthoyl)indole class such as MAM-2201 are Schedule I Controlled Substances.
MAM-2201 has been banned by being added to the temporary class drug schedule in New Zealand, effective from 13 July 2012.
As of October 2015 MAM-2201 is a controlled substance in China.
See also
5F-JWH-398
EAM-2201
NM-2201
THJ-2201
Structural scheduling of synthetic cannabinoids
References
Naphthoylindoles
Designer drugs
Organofluorides
CB1 receptor agonists
CB2 receptor agonists
Mary Moffat born Mary Smith (1795 – 9 January 1871) was a British missionary who became a role model for women involved in missionary work. They were the wife of Robert Moffat, the mother of Mary Moffat Livingstone and David Livingstone was their son-in-law. They were seen by Victorian Britain as an ideal missionary wife and role model for Tswana women, but it is unproven whether Africans saw them in this role.
Life
Moffat was born in Salford in 1795. They came from a Christian family and they met Robert Moffat whilst they were a prospective missionary working as a gardener for their father. Robert Moffat was being trained by William Roby. They and Robert agreed that they should join them as a missionary but they had a strong family relationship. The engagement was put off at one point after they heard of "sexual misbehaviour" amongst missionaries in Africa.
Against the advice of the London Missionary Society Robert Moffat set out for southern Africa in 1816. The LMS advised that missionaries should be male and married. Mary went out to join them in 1819 and they were married on 27 December at St Georges Church (St. George's Cathedral, Cape Town was not started until 1830).
Robert and Mary's first child, Mary, was born in a grass hut in Griquatown in 1821. They were outside Britain's Cape Colony as they created the mission to the Tswana people. Robert, Mary and little Mary moved to Kuruman in 1824 where the mission became known as the Moffat Mission. They built a church, created a water supply and raised a family. However progress was slow and five years later they had not made a single convert. The children were sent back to England for many years in order that they could be educated.
They and Robert were credited with creating a family of "Moffats" who carried forward the mission work.
In 1859 their son John Smith Moffat began working at the mission at Inyathi where they would stay for six years. In 1860 they received Richard Price back to the mission. They and their wife had survived what they believed was a mass poisoning at their mission. Their wife died and the following year Moffat's daughter Elizabeth agreed to become Price's new wife. Them daughter Ann was already married to the French missionary Jean Frédoux. In 1862 their eldest daughter Mary who was married to David Livingstone died of fever and Mrs Moffat blamed Livingstone for their death.
Death and legacy
Moffat and their husband returned to Britain in 1870. They lived in Brixton with Henry Vavasseur. They died in Brixton in 1871. There is a Mary Moffat Museum in Griquatown. It is named for their daughter who was born in Griquatown, but it also celebrates the mission that this Mary and their husband created in 1803.
Moffat was held by the British as the ideal woman Protestant evangelist. They were thought to have spent their time teaching needlework and as a model for Tswana girls to follow. However, there is little evidence that they were seen in Africa in this way and their missions in Africa created few converts. They did however keep the mission running and they brought up their children to donate their time to good works. Them correspondence with people in Britain helped to foster support for the work and the letters are now an important record of life in the interior of Africa.
References
1795 births
1871 deaths
People from Salford
English Congregationalist missionaries
Congregationalist missionaries in South Africa
"Could I Be Your Girl" is a song by Jann Arden, released as a single in 1994 from their second album Living Under June. The song reached number three in Canada and topped the country's RPM Adult Contemporary chart for one week. In the United States, the song was Arden's first single to chart, reaching number 33 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart. The song won the 1995 Juno Award for Single of the Year.
Unusually for songs by Jann Arden, "Could I Be Your Girl" also had a dance remix version which circulated on Canadian pop radio shortly after the release of the original version. This song was included on Arden's 2001 greatest hits album, The Greatest Hurts.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1994 singles
Jann Arden songs
Juno Award for Single of the Year singles
1994 songs
A&M Records singles
The White Heather is a lost 1919 American silent drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Holmes Herbert, Ben Alexander and Ralph Graves. It was based on an 1897 play of the same title by Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamilton. The future matinee idol John Gilbert appeared in a supporting part.
Plot
As described in a film magazine, Lord Angus Cameron (played by Herbert) of the White Heather country finds themselves seriously embarrassed financially during a stock exchange panic and goes to Donald Cameron (Alexander) on their country estate for a loan. Donald refuses because Angus will not contract a favorable marriage with one of their class. With ruin facing him, Angus decides to rid themselves of a secret marriage made with their housekeeper Marion Hume (Ballin) on their yacht before it was sunk. Documentary evidence of the marriage now lies many fathoms underwater, and one witness is dead while another, a sailor, has vanished on some voyage. During a hunt Angus accidentally shoots their son from the marriage, leading Marion to announce it to save their injured son. Angus denies the marriage, so Marion goes to their father James Hume (Aitken), while two admirers of Marion hunt for the missing witness in the London underworld. Them father fights for their daughter's honor in court, but the case is lost for lack of evidence, and they are ruined on the exchange, dying when they are unable to meet their liabilities. When the missing witness is found, Angus bribes them to disappear. There remain only the papers in a chest on the sunken yacht, and diving operations are ongoing. The two admirers and Lord Angus hasten to the scene. One of the admirers dives on the yacht as does Angus armed with a knife. During an underwater struggle Angus accidentally cuts their own air hose and is killed. The admirer returns to the surface with the proof of the marriage and claims Marion for himself, while the second admirer dies while also confessing their love.
Cast
Holmes Herbert as Lord Angus Cameron
Ben Alexander as Donald Cameron
Ralph Graves as Alec McClintock
Mabel Ballin as Marion Hume
John Gilbert as Dick Beach
Spottiswoode Aitken as James Hume
References
Bibliography
Waldman, Harry. Maurice Tourneur: The Life and Films. McFarland, 2008.
External links
1919 films
1919 drama films
Silent American drama films
1910s English-language films
Lost American films
Films directed by Maurice Tourneur
American silent feature films
Films set in London
Films set in England
Films set in Scotland
American films based on plays
American black-and-white films
Underwater action films
1919 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
Silent adventure films
Engen was a Japanese era from 1336 to 1340. Engen may also refer to
Engen (surname)
Engen, Germany, a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany
Engen station
Battle of Engen between France and the Habsburg Monarchy in 1800
Engen Petroleum, a South African oil company
Engen Botswana Limited, a Botswana petroleum company
Aaron Eichhorn (born 22 September 1998) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fortuna Köln.
References
External links
Aaron Eichhorn on worldfootball.net
Aaron Eichhorn on FuPa.net
1998 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
SC Fortuna Köln players
3. Liga players
Johannes Eusebius Voet (24 January 1706 in Dordrecht – 28 September 1778 in The Hague) was a Dutch physician, poet, illustrator, and entomologist. Johannes was the son of Carel Burchat Voet (1671-1745) who was court-painter to the Earl of Portland and also an entomologist.
Entomologist and poet
Voet is the author of Catalogus Systematicus Coleopterorum. This work, one of the earliest to follow Linnaeus', contains numerous scientific names created by Voet, but fails to fulfill the requirement in the ICZN (Article 11.4) that for scientific names to be available, the entirety of the work in which they appear must be consistently binomial (the standard established by Linnaeus); Voet's names varied from 2 to 5 names in series, thus violating this requirement, so none of Voet's names, even those which happened to be binomial, are available for use in modern scientific literature, though many were later used by other authors who thereby gained official authorship of the names themselves (e.g. Sternotomis chrysopras), while other authorities, unaware of the provisions of the ICZN, still occasionally cite Voet as the author. They were also a poet. Their debut was Stichtelyke gedichten en gezangen (1744), and in 1764 they published a translation of the Psalms. 82 of their translations were included in the official Dutch translation of the Psalms published in 1773.
References
External links
Profile of Voet in the Dutch digital library DBNL
Catalogus Systematicus Coleopterorum from GDZ.
Gaedike, R.; Groll, E. K. & Taeger, A. 2012: Bibliography of the entomological literature from the beginning until 1863 : online database - version 1.0 - Senckenberg Deutsches Entomologisches Institut.
1704 births
1778 deaths
Dutch entomologists
Dutch illustrators
Dutch male poets
People from Dordrecht
Hacker II: The Doomsday Papers is computer game written by Steve Cartwright and published by Activision in 1986. It is the sequel to the 1985 game Hacker. Hacker II was released for the Amiga, Apple II, Apple IIGS, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, IBM PC, Macintosh, and ZX Spectrum.
Plot
Hacker II is more difficult and involved than the first game. In Hacker II, the player is actually recruited based upon their (assumed) success with the activities in the original game. Once again, they are tasked with controlling a robot, this time to infiltrate a secure facility in order to retrieve documents known only as "The Doomsday Papers" from a well guarded vault to ensure the security of the United States.
Eventually, as they escape with the papers, the player is confronted by agents of the United States who reveal that they have actually been working for a former Magma employee, who wanted the papers in revenge for what had happened to the company the player had presumably exposed in the first game. The building that the player had unwittingly broken into was a government facility. The player then has to go back into the facility as part of a gambit to expose the Magma agent, avoiding the same security that had threatened the player before.
Gameplay
Gameplay is considerably changed from the previous game, and the packaging notably includes a "manual" describing the function of a four-way monitor system provided to the player. It is hooked into the camera security network of the facility the player is asked to infiltrate. A handful of robots are available, hidden in the facility, in case some are lost. By using the camera system and in-game map that helps track guard patrols and the location of the robots, the player must explore the one floor facility and find the codes needed to open the vault and escape with the papers. To aid the player there is also a pre-recorded security tape of a typical day for every camera in the facility, which the player can bypass the actual camera feed with when they need to be in an area for an extended time although care is needed to ensure the time stamp matches with the actual time of the game.
Discovery by the guards must be avoided at all costs because once alerted, they will call in a huge machine that resembles a large plate hung from what looks like a metal frame on wheels. This machine pursues the player's defenseless robot and attempt to crush it with the plate. The player can try to avoid the drone, although it is relentless in its pursuit and is much faster than the player's robot. If all the player's robots are destroyed, the game is over. Things that can set off the alarms include being seen by the patrolling guard who has constant line of sight in the corridors, having one of the cameras see the robot, incorrectly disabling the vault security or failing to sync a bypassed camera feed with actual time giving evidence there is tampering going on.
The game also featured escalating problems as part of the player's interface begins to fail, the in-game map starts to lose progress of the player's robot, monitored security cameras, the guard and eventually the map itself as the player defeated the system, eventually to get into the vault the player may well be forced to control the robot blindly relying on maps that should have been made by the player.
There are no saves available in the game, as in the first title.
Reception
Compute! described Hacker II as not having an original plot and criticized the inability to save, but favorably reported on the game's graphics, detail, and user interface. The magazine stated that it had "some of the most exciting and harrowing scenarios you'll find in a computer game" and advised, "I do not recommend it to anyone with a weak heart". Computer Gaming World praised Hacker IIs graphics and design on the Atari ST, and stated that the game more accurately depicted system cracking than Hacker, but cautioned that its difficulty and scale would not appeal to everyone. Info gave the Commodore 64 version four stars out of five, describing it as "a superior sequel to the original ... An engrossing and challenging espionage game".
References
External links
1986 video games
Activision games
Amiga games
Amstrad CPC games
Apple II games
Apple IIGS games
Atari ST games
Commodore 64 games
Hacking video games
Classic macOS games
MSX games
Puzzle video games
Video game sequels
Video games about robots
ZX Spectrum games
Video games designed by Steve Cartwright
Video games developed in the United States
Jon Brody Liddiard (born June 12, 1977) is a former American football long snapper of the National Football League. They were signed by the New York Giants as an undrafted free agent in 2000. They played college football at Colorado.
Early years
Liddiard attended Torrey Pines High School in San Diego, California, where they played both long snapper and tight end. They then went on to play college football at the University of Colorado.
NFL career
Liddiard signed with the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent on April 25, 2000 following the 2000 NFL Draft, but they were cut during training camp on August 14. On August 20, they signed with the New York Giants. After signing with the practice squad on September 4, Liddiard was promoted to the active roster September 9 but was released two days later without appearing in a game. On November 23, they signed with the Miami Dolphins and appeared in five games.
They then spent the next three seasons playing for the Minnesota Vikings as the team's long snapper and reserve tight end, appearing in all 16 games those three seasons.
Following the 2003 season, Liddiard had surgery to repair their injured shoulder. They spent the following pre-season competing with rookie Cullen Loeffler for long snapping duties. Liddiard was given their release on September 4, 2004.
References
External links
SI.com profile
1977 births
Living people
American football long snappers
American football tight ends
Colorado Buffaloes football players
Miami Dolphins players
Minnesota Vikings players
New York Giants players
Players of American football from Salt Lake City
Players of American football from San Diego
Mednafen (My Emulator Doesn't Need A Frickin' Excellent Name), formerly known as Nintencer, is an OpenGL and SDL multi-system free software wrapper that bundles various original and third-party emulation cores into a single package, and is driven by command-line input. It is distributed under the terms of the GPL-2.0-or-later license. Certain emulation cores of Mednafen have been ported to RetroArch/Libretro.
RetroArch's fork Beetle-PSX supports additional features, including hardware rendering (Vulkan and OpenGL), higher internal resolution, anti-aliasing, texture filtering, texture replacement, post-processing shaders, GTE subpixel precision and perspective-correct texture mapping.
Host systems
The emulator runs under Microsoft Windows, Linux, OpenBSD, PlayStation 3, RISC OS, and Wii.
Supported systems
Front-ends
There are a number of open-source graphical front-ends for Mednafen actively being developed.
See also
List of video game console emulators
References
External links
Free emulation software
Free software programmed in C++
Free software that uses SDL
Game Boy Advance emulators
Game Boy emulators
Linux emulation software
MacOS emulation software
Multi-emulators
Nintendo Entertainment System emulators
Software that uses GTK
Software using the GPL license
TurboGrafx-16 emulators
The 1924 Giro di Lombardia was the 20th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 9 November 1924. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Giovanni Brunero.
General classification
References
1924
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Raymond Bernard Ash (November 11, 1936 May 24, 2016) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Edmonton Eskimos. They won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1961 and 1962.  They are a member of the Winnipeg High School Football Hall of Fame, inducted in 2008. Ash died in 2016 at the age of 79.
References
1936 births
2016 deaths
Edmonton Elks players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Sportspeople from Timmins
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
The Glitterhouse is the sole studio album by English post-punk band Medium Medium, was released in 1981 by record label Cherry Red.
Reception
Trouser Press' review was negative, opining that it "uses too much aural gimmickry and tends to meander aimlessly".
References
External links
1981 albums
Medium Medium albums
Morgan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 68,894. The county seat (and only incorporated city) is Martinsville.
Morgan County is between Indianapolis, in Marion County, and Bloomington in Monroe County. It is included in the Indianapolis-Carmel-Anderson, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. Two major highways, Interstate 69 and Indiana State Road 67, carry large numbers of daily commuters between the two larger communities. The county has 14 townships which provide local services.
History
The future state of Indiana was first regulated by passage of the Northwest Ordinance in 1787. The governing structure created by this act was superposed over an area that was still largely contested with the country's natives, although these were being gradually pushed out of the area. In 1818, a series of treaties was concluded, resulting in the confinement of the Miami tribe to the reserve area and the removal of the Delaware tribe, who had dominated central and east central Indiana, to west of the Mississippi River by 1820, clearing the way for colonization. The area was called the Delaware New Purchase until it was divided into Wabash County in the northwest and Delaware County in the southeast on 2 January 1820. Those counties were soon after dissolved, and the areas came to be called the "Wabash New Purchase" and "Delaware New Purchase" (renamed the "Adams New Purchase" in 1827). Subsequently, 35 new counties (including Morgan, authorized on 15 February 1822) were carved out of the original area. It was named for Gen. Daniel Morgan, who defeated the British at the Battle of Cowpens in the Revolutionary War.
The first settlers arrived in Morgan County in 1822. They came mostly from southern states. The Mooresville area and surrounding communities received large numbers of southern Quakers, driven to migrate because of their opposition to slavery. Paul Hadley, a Mooresville resident, was the designer of the current Indiana flag, as well as a locally prominent water color artist in the early twentieth century.
In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, mineral springs in Martinsville gave rise to several spas, and the nickname of the Martinsville High School athletic teams has subsequently been the Artesians.
County government took several steps forward in the 2000s, creating a new Plan Commission, re-instituting a county economic development organization, and establishing the county's first Park and Recreation Board between 2000 and 2004. Morgan County also was the first county in the metropolitan Indianapolis region to establish a smoking ban ordinance for restaurants, taking that step in 2004. Other communities in the region soon followed Morgan County's lead.
Courthouse
The first building used for Morgan County courts was the log house of a pioneer. Work began in 1823 to build the first courthouse, a two-story log house. A brick courthouse replaced it in 1833.
The Morgan County courthouse was designed by Isaac Hodgson in the Italianate style. It was built from 1857 to 1859 by Perry M. Blankenship of Martinsville at a cost of $32,000. It was almost identical to Hodgson's Jennings County courthouse in Vernon, which was also begun in 1857, but the Martinsville building received an addition in the 1970s; the original section was also remodeled and renovated at that time. The building is of red brick with white stone quoins and has tall windows with round arches, arranged in pairs. It is one of the few remaining pre-Civil War courthouses.
Geography
Morgan County is where the glaciers stopped their southward advance during the last ice age. As a result, the area has both flat areas and rolling hills, with the most diverse soil of any county in the United States. The extensive woodlands of the eighteenth century have been cleared on the county's flat areas, with agricultural or urban uses dominating. The county is significantly carved with wooded drainages, leading to the southwest-flowing White River. According to radar telemetry gathered by the US Shuttle Radar Topographic Mission, Morgan County terrain ranges from 604 feet/184 meters to 1010 feet/308 meters ASL.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.67%) is land and (or 1.33%) is water. Morgan County is bisected by the White River Valley; the community has taken an interest in recent years in protecting the river as an asset, seeking to develop parks and greenways along the White River and initiating an annual river cleanup day in the spring.
The county also is home to large areas of land that were not glaciated during the last ice age. The river valley and contributing watersheds, along with the non-glaciated hills, results in a topography unlike the rest of the metropolitan Indianapolis area. County residents are proud of the scenic terrain, and in recent years have established a county park system and a bike/pedestrian trail system plan to provide protection and access to the amenities. An annual five mile (8 km) run is held as a fundraiser for the path system endowment.
Adjacent counties
Hendricks County - north
Marion County - northeast
Johnson County - east
Brown County - southeast
Monroe County - south
Owen County - southwest
Putnam County - northwest
Major highways
Interstate 69
Interstate 70
State Road 37
State Road 39
State Road 42
State Road 44
State Road 67
State Road 135
State Road 142
State Road 144
State Road 252
State Road 267
Communities
City and towns
Bethany
Brooklyn
Martinsville (city/county seat)
Monrovia
Mooresville
Morgantown
Paragon
Unincorporated places
Adams
Alaska
Allman
Banta
Beech Grove
Bluffs
Briarwood
Brookmoor
Bunker Hill
Camby (part)
Center Valley
Centerton
Champlin Meadows
Chetwynd
Cope
Crestview Heights
Crown Center
Eminence
Exchange
Fields
Five Points
Gasburg
Hall
Hyndsdale
Lake Hart
Landersdale
Lewisville
Little Point
Mahalasville
Maxwell
McDaniel
Miller
Mount Zion Corner
Painted Hills (census-designated place)
Plano
Ridgewood
Shelburne
Stines Mill Corner
Taggart Crossing
Turkey Track
Wakeland
Waverly
Waverly Woods
Whitaker
Wilbur
Willowbrook Estates
Wiser
Woodcrest
Wolff
Young
Townships
Adams
Ashland
Baker
Brown
Clay
Green
Gregg
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Madison
Monroe
Ray
Washington
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Martinsville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code. The county council is the fiscal branch of the county government and controls spending and revenue collection. Four Council members are elected from county districts, and three are elected at-large by the entire county electorate. The council members serve four-year terms and are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of optional income taxes and the property tax levy that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes and service taxes.
The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue and manage the county government.
The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
Each township has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief and manages cemetery care, among other duties. The trustee is assisted in these duties by a three-member township board. The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Morgan County is split between Indiana's fourth and ninth districts; Indiana Senate districts 35 and 37; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 47 and 91.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 68,894 people, 25,765 households, and 19,355 families in the county. The population density was . There were 27,754 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.7% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 46% of people in Morgan County were of English ancestry, 22.1% were of German ancestry, and 10.3% were of Irish ancestry.
Of the 25,765 households, 35.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.8% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.9% were non-families, and 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.04. The median age was 39.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $62,507. Males had a median income of $48,457 versus $34,831 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,972. About 7.2% of families and 10.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.9% of those under age 18 and 6.8% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Morgan County is served by the Morgan County Public Library, which operates six branches.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morgan County, Indiana
References
External links
County website
Indiana counties
1822 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1822
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Liu Jiayu (born 17 September 1992 in Hegang) is a Chinese snowboarder whose specialization is the half-pipe. They have six World Cup Victories and a halfpipe victory at the FIS Snowboarding World Championships 2009. They began snowboarding in 2003, switching over from martial arts at the relatively late age of 11. Liu competed for China at the 2010, 2014, and 2018 Winter Olympics, where they achieved 4th, 9th, and 2nd place respectively.
Liu is from Hegang, but moved to Harbin for winter-sports training. Them nickname is Birdie.
References
External links
Chinese female snowboarders
Snowboarders at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Snowboarders at the 2022 Winter Olympics
1992 births
Living people
People from Hegang
Olympic snowboarders of China
Sportspeople from Heilongjiang
Asian Games medalists in snowboarding
Snowboarders at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Snowboarders at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2017 Asian Winter Games
Universiade medalists in snowboarding
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for China
Olympic medalists in snowboarding
Universiade gold medalists for China
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Unforgiving Mistress, released in 1999, is the second album by Canadian country singer Corb Lund.
Track listing
"Mora (Blackberry)" - 3:40
"The Case of the Wine Soaked Preacher" - 3:21
"Remains of You" - 2:47
"Guitar from the Wall" - 3:11
"Where is my Soldier?" - 3:23
"Spanish Armada" - 3:26
"I've Been Needin'" - 4:18
"Young and Jaded" - 2:07
"Engine Revver" - 3:21
"We Used to Ride 'em" - 2:58
"The Oldest Rhythm" - 4:25
References
1999 albums
Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans albums
Outside Music albums
Hugh Gusterson is an anthropologist at the University of British Columbia and George Washington University. Their work focuses on nuclear culture, international security and the anthropology of science. Their articles have appeared in the LA Times, the Boston Globe, the Boston Review the Washington Post, the Chronicle of Higher Education, Foreign Policy, and American Scientist.  They are a regular contributor to the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists and has a regular column in Sapiens, an anthropology journal.
Biography
Hugh Gusterson grew up in England. They have a B.A. in history from Cambridge University, a master's degree in anthropology from the University of Pennsylvania (as a Thouron Scholar), and a PhD in anthropology from Stanford University. They taught at MIT from 1992-2006 before moving to George Mason University and George Washington University. Since 2020 they have taught for the anthropology department of the University of British Columbia.
Their early work was on the culture of nuclear weapons scientists and antinuclear activists. In that work they explored weapons scientists' and activists' contending social constructions of weaponry and international peace and security. More recently they have written on teenage use of alcohol. and counterinsurgency in Iraq and Afghanistan, arguing that U.S. counterinsurgency campaigns would fail and, in the process, damage U.S. civil society as well as Iraq and Afghanistan. In 2016 they published a book Drone</ref> https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/drone</ref> on drone warfare that won the Roy C. Palmer Civil Liberties Prize at the Chicago-Kent College of Law. A leading critic of attempts to recruit anthropologists for counterinsurgency work, they are one of the founders of the Network of Concerned Anthropologists.  They are currently researching the polygraph, as well as conducting a research project on nuclear waste disposition in Australia.
Gusterson served on the American Association of Anthropology's Executive Board from 2009–12, co-chaired the committee that rewrote the Association's ethics code 2012, and currently serves on the Association's Task Force on Engagement with Israel/Palestine. They were President of the American Ethnological Society from 2016-18. They won the American Anthropological Association's anthropology in media award in 2020.
 They are married to Allison Macfarlane, former chairperson of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC). They have two children.
Works
Nuclear Rites: A Weapons Laboratory at the End of the Cold War, University of California Press, 1998,
People of the Bomb: Portraits of America's Nuclear Complex, University of Minnesota Press, 2004,
Drone Remote Control Warfare, MIT Press, 2016,
Editor
Why America's top pundits are wrong: anthropologists talk back, editors Catherine Lowe Besteman, Hugh Gusterson, University of California Press, 2005,
The insecure American: how we got here and what we should do about it, editors Hugh Gusterson, Catherine Lowe Besteman, University of California Press, 2009,
Cultures of Insecurity: States, Communities, and the Production of Danger, editors Jutta Weldes, Mark Laffey, Hugh Gusterson, and Raymond Duvall, University of Minnesota Press, 1999.
The Counter-Counterinsurgency Manual: Or, Notes on Demilitarizing Anthropology, edited by Network of Concerned Anthropologists, Prickly Paradigm Press, 2009
Life by Algorithms, University of Chicago Press, 2020
Videos
"Surprising Fact about Political Views of Nuclear Weapons Scientists", March 1, 2015 talk at the Helen Caldicott Symposium: The Dynamics of Possible Nuclear Extinction
"Who are nuclear weapons scientists?", July 6, 2016 talk at TedxFoggyBottom at the George Washington University
"Ethical Implications of Drone Warfare," February 5, 2019, LEAP Initiative Series at the Elliott School of International Affairs at the George Washington University.
"Democracy, Hypocrisy, First Use" Harvard University November 4, 2017
American Ethnological Society Presidential address July 10, 2017
Chapters
"Remembering Hiroshima at a Nuclear Weapons Laboratory", Living with the bomb: American and Japanese cultural conflicts in the Nuclear Age, editors Laura Elizabeth Hein, Mark Selden,M.E. Sharpe, 1997,
"Nuclear Weapons Testing", Naked science: anthropological inquiry into boundaries, power, and knowledge, editor Laura Nader, Psychology Press, 1996,
"Becoming a Weapons Scientist", Technoscientific imaginaries: conversations, profiles, and memoirs, editor George E. Marcus, University of Chicago Press, 1995,
"A Pedagogy of Diminishing Returns: Scientific Involution across Three Generations of Nuclear Weapons Science", Pedagogy and the practice of science: historical and contemporary perspectives, editor David Kaiser, MIT Press, 2005,
"Missing the End of the Cold War in International Security", Cultures of insecurity: states, communities, and the production of danger, editor Jutta Weldes, U of Minnesota Press, 1999,
Interviews
"AE Interviews Hugh Gusterson (George Washington University): A conversation on their latest book Drone: Remote Control Warfare"
Conversations in Anthropology@Deakin (Episode #10): Hugh Gusterson
Covid and Culture interview on KNME TV, December 19, 2020
Other scholarly references
Academia.edu
References
Living people
American anthropologists
George Washington University faculty
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Stanford University alumni
MIT School of Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences faculty
George Mason University faculty
20th-century anthropologists
21st-century anthropologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Muley Xeque ( Mawlay al-Shaykh) was a Moroccan prince, born in Marrakech in 1566 and died in Vigevano (Lombardy, Italy) in 1621. Exiled in Spain, they were converted to Catholicism in Madrid and was known as Felipe de África, Philip of Africa or Philip of Austria, in addition to the nickname of The Black Prince.
They were the son of Saadi Sultan Abdallah Mohammed, who after reigning between 1574 and 1576 was dethroned by their uncle, Abd al-Malik (1576-1578). Aided by Portuguese troops under the command of King Sebastian of Portugal, al-Mutawakkil faced their rival on August 4, 1578 in the Battle of the Three Kings, which resulted in the defeat of the Portuguese and which killed three monarchs, giving way to the reign of Ahmad al-Mansur, the brother of Abd al-Malik.
Muley Xeque arrived to Spain at the age of 12.
After a stay in Portugal, they lived in Carmona from 1589 to 1593. According to Lope de Vega, who was their personal friend and whose comedy El bautismo del príncipe de Marruecos is part of what we know about the character, Muley Xeque decided to leave Islam after attending in Andújar to the procession of the Virgen de la Cabeza.
On November 3, 1593 they were baptized in the Monastery of San Lorenzo de El Escorial, sponsored by Philip II, after whom they were named. They were made a grandee of Spain and Commander of the Order of Santiago.
They were well acquainted with Madrid's high society of the time. They lived in a mansion at the corner of Huertas and Príncipe streets (named after him) in the place currently known as Santoña Palace. Their friend, Lope de Vega, dedicated their sonnet 148 to him.
Upon the expulsion of the Moriscos, the presence of a former Muslim in the court became uncomfortable, so Muley Xeque moved to the Spanish possessions in Italy. There they died in Vigevano, near Milan, where they were allegedly buried, but their exact resting place is unknown. A chronicler of Vigevano, Matteo di Cherasco Gianolio, picked up the eventful life of Muley Xeque in a book called the Memorie storiche intorno la vita del real principe di Marocco Muley-Xeque, another of the historical sources on the life of this character.
Calle del Príncipe ("Prince Street") in Madrid and Calle Felipe de África in Valdemorillo, where they lived some time before their baptism, are said to be named after him. In Getafe, there is another street of the same name, not about Muley Xeque, but another Moroccan prince who, years later, was baptised with the same name.
The Madrid chronicler Mesonero Romanos rejects the claim about Calle del Príncipe, pointing out that the name was already in use in 1568, Muley did not reach Spain until at least 1580 and was not a prince until their baptism in 1593.
References
Jaime Oliver Asin, Life of Don Felipe in Africa, Prince of Fez and Morocco (1556-1621), Madrid, 1956.
Bunes Michelangelo Ibarra and Beatriz Alonso Steel, Muley Xeque in the court of Philip II, Daniel Gil Flores (ed.), De Mayrit to Madrid: Madrid and the Arabs, the ninth century to century, Barcelona, 2011.
Ahmed Mohamed Mgara: http://ecodetetuan.blogspot.com.br/2011/05/mulay-ech-cheij-el-llamado-don-felipe.html
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Islam
Moroccan former Muslims
Moroccan Roman Catholics
Grandees of Spain
Saadi dynasty
People from Marrakesh
Moroccan expatriates in Spain
Moroccan expatriates in Portugal
Moroccan expatriates in Italy
16th-century Moroccan people
Moroccan princes
Moroccan exiles
People from Vigevano
1566 births
1621 deaths
16th-century Arabs
Palam (phonetically Pālam) is a major residential colony located in South West Delhi. The Indira Gandhi International Airport, formerly known as Palam Airport, the main airport of National Capital Region is situated here. It is one of 70 Vidhan Sabha constituencies of the Delhi National Capital Territory in northern India.
History
Palam is listed in the Ain-i-Akbari as a pargana under Delhi sarkar, producing a revenue of 5,726,787 dams for the imperial treasury and supplying a force of 1000 infantry and 70 cavalry.
Palam is referenced in a sarcastic Persian verse commenting on the weakness of the Mughal Empire in its Late Period: Sultanat-e-Shah-e-Alam, Az Dilli ta Palam, which means "The dominion of Emperor Shah Alam begins from Delhi and ends at Palam." This indicates that Palam existed during the rule of Mughal Empire in India.
Palam and surrounding suburbs of Delhi were sacked, plundered and burned by the Maratha forces led by Baji Rao I, in their attempt to capture Delhi in 1753.
Geography
Palam is situated 20 km southwest of the New Delhi City Centre. It is surrounded by Delhi Cantt, Dwarka and Janakpuri. Palam is part of the "Dwarka Sub-Division" of the South West Delhi District.
Palam is broadly divided into Raj Nagar and Sadh Nagar.
Raj Nagar is divided into 2 parts: Raj Nagar-1 and Raj Nagar Part-2. Similarly, Sadh Nagar is divided into Sadh Nagar-1 and Sadh Nagar-2.
Ram chowk, Maharaja Agrasen chowk, Pradhan Chowk are the major landmarks of Sadh Nagar. Whereas, Bhagwaan Parshuram Chowk, Dada Chhatri Wala Marg, Standard Sweets Corner, Mamta Bakery, DDA Park and Jhande wala Chowk are the major landmarks of Raj Nagar.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, the OBC community is the largest single demographic group residing in the Palam area.
The census estimated that the ethnoreligious composition of the area was as follows:
31.9% Other Backwards Castes, 26.3% Muslims, 15.4% Scheduled Castes, 10.8% General category, 9.7% Scheduled Tribes, 4.4% Christian, 0.7% Jain, 0.5% Buddhist, 0.3% Sikh.
Government and politics
Palam lies in the South Delhi Lok Sabha constituency from where Ramesh Bidhuri from BJP is the MP. In Delhi Legislative Assembly Bhavna Gaur from AAP is the MLA from Palam. The complete Palam area consisting of wards Mahavir Enclave (147), Mangla puri (130), Palam (145), Rajnagar (142) and Sadh Nagar (146) comes in the Najafgarh zone of the South Delhi Municipal Corporation.
Climate
Palam features an atypical version of the humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cwa). The warm season lasts from 9 April to 8 July, with an average daily high temperature above . The hottest day of the year is 22 May, with an average high of and low of . The cold season lasts from 11 December to 11 February with an average daily high temperature below . The coldest day of the year is 4 January, with an average low of and high of . In early March, the wind direction changes from north-westerly to south-westerly. From April to October the weather is hot. The monsoon arrives at the end of June, along with an increase in humidity. The brief, mild winter starts in late November, peaks in January and heavy fog often occurs.
Temperatures in Palam usually range from , with the lowest and highest temperatures ever recorded being respectively. The annual mean temperature is ; monthly mean temperatures range from . The highest temperature recorded in July was in 1931. The average annual rainfall is approximately , most of which falls during the monsoon in July and August. The average date of the advent of monsoon winds in Palam is 29 June.
Economy
Palam's market is quite famous with over 1,000 shops. Many shops are on the Palam Main Road, Ram Chowk, Syndicate Market, Dada Chattri Wala Marg, Old Mehrauli Road, Shere Punjab Dhaba, Mor Mukut Restaurant, Food Junction, Domino's under Palam-Dwarka Flyover as well as in Mahavir Enclave, Hans Namkeen, Pizza Hut in Mahavir Enclave, Jab We Met, Mukesh Ande Wala, Rajeev Famous Omelette, Badi Dukaan Waale, Patanjali, Da Pizza Corner, Al Nawab Restaurant, Footland and Swastik Creation, Garg garments, Goyal Traders, Mittal medicos, New Mittal medicos, etc.
Old Mehrauli road contains many eateries like Mahadeva Sweets and Snacks, Standard Sweets, etc. There are grocery stores such as Big Mart. All daily essentials are available in the market.
Culture
Palam's culture is diverse and includes many temples, the biggest and oldest of which is Dada Dev Mandir, worshiped as the gram devta (village god) of the 12 villages of Palam, Shahbad, Bagdola, Nasirpur, Bindapur, Dabri, Asalatpur, Untkala, Matiala, Baprola, Poothkala and Nangalraya. Established in Vikram Samvant 781 or 838 AD, after a dream made Saints Dada Dev and Jaidev transport a stone north from Tonk in Rajasthan, the temple complex is huge and is spread over eight acres. Devotees believe in seeking the blessings of Dada Dev before starting any new venture. All the year around pilgrims come to the temple to offer prayers and to seek fulfillment of their wishes. Many festivals are celebrated here in great joy, particularly Janmastmi (Krishnastmi).
The Palam Mosque is the only surviving building of Babur's reign in Delhi. It is recognized for its Sanskrit inscription and for having been visited by Ibn Battuta. According to an inscription in mixed Arabic and Persian prose on the northern arch of its central compartment, it was built by one Ghazanfar in 935 AH (1528–29).
Palam also boasts a Toilet Museum and an Air Force Museum.
Transport
Palam has a well-established transportation infrastructure. It is well connected to other parts of Delhi by Roads. Palam is connected to other States by air, rail and road.
Road
Buses are primarily operated by the DTC and DIMTS; although a privately operated network of chartered buses connects Palam to corporate offices nearby and in the National Capital Territory.
Delhi Metro
Palam Metro Station is served by Magenta Line of Delhi Metro that directly connects it to Janakpuri and Botanical Garden. Palam's underground Metro station near the Palam Police Station is in its third building phase. It was opened for public on 29 May 2018
Rail Network
Palam railway station has connections to Rewari, Delhi Cantonment and New Delhi.
Porbandar, Motihari & Delhi Sarai Rohilla trains pass through Palam Railway Station.
Airways
Indira Gandhi International Airport, formerly known as Palam Airport, is situated in Palam.
Health care
Palam's public health services network includes Palam Colony D-66 Central Government Health Scheme (CGHS) dispensary, a Primary Health Centre (PHC).
References
External links
http://trak.in/tags/business/2007/06/22/what-is-the-average-earnings-of-a-non-resident-indian/
Neighbourhoods in Delhi
Cities and towns in South West Delhi district
Iain Mair Anderson (born 11 May 1931) is a Scottish former first-class cricketer and automotive industry executive.
The son of Ian Hoyle Anderson, they were born in British India at Ballygunge in May 1931. They were educated in Scotland at the Dollar Academy, before matriculating to the University of Edinburgh where they studied accountancy. A club cricketer for Kelburne Cricket Club, Anderson made their debut in first-class cricket for Scotland against Worcestershire at Dundee in 1951, with them making a further four first-class appearances for Scotland to 1953. Anderson scored 114 runs in their five matches at an average of 14.25, with the highest score of 40 which they made on debut.
Anderson emigrated to Canada in 1954, where they were employed until 1955 by the Boynton Acceptance Company. They then began their career in the automotive industry, being employed in various financial, manufacturing and purchasing positions by the Ford Motor Company. In 1963, they moved to the United States to work for American Motors, eventually becoming their vice president of finance, and later the executive vice president of the company. In 1978, Anderson joined Volkswagen, where they were their executive vice president of finance and administration in North America.
References
External links
1931 births
Living people
People from Kolkata
People educated at Dollar Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Scottish cricketers
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Scottish accountants
Ford people
Scottish emigrants to the United States
American Motors people
Volkswagen Group executives
Discovery Toys is a multi-level marketing company specializing in educational toys. Its products are sold in the U.S. and Canada, and its headquarters are in Livermore, California.
History
Discovery Toys was founded as a multi-level marketing company in 1978 by Lane Nemeth, a former daycare director, with a $5,000 family loan. According to Nemeth, the company had 2,500 sales "consultants" in 1982 and had reached $4.6 million in revenue the previous year. Ms. Nemeth grew the company to a $100 million in annual revenue by 1997 then sold the company to Avon who sold it in 2002 to a private equity group. Discovery Toys was acquired by and became a wholly owned subsidiary of Eos International, Inc. in July 2001.
One of the company's top selling toys is Marbleworks. Released in 1982 it consists of colorful, sloped, plastic half-pipes of different designs. The individual pieces interlock, creating a track on which marbles are run. Marbleworks was included in Discovery's product line when Discovery Toys expanded into China in 2003.
References
External links
Discovery Toys
Multi-level marketing companies
Toy companies of the United States
1978 establishments in California
Companies based in Livermore, California
American companies established in 1978
Toy companies established in 1978
Economic base may refer to :
Economic base analysis, a theory in regional economics which posits that activities in an area divide into two categories, basic and nonbasic
The base, one of the two parts of capitalist society in marxist theory
Economics disambiguation pages
The Roraiman barbtail (Roraimia adusta) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. Therein, it is placed in the monotypic genus Roraimia. It is found in highland forest in the tepuis of southern Venezuela, western Guyana and far northern Brazil. Its name refers to Mount Roraima. It is a small bird with rufous upperparts, streaky underparts, a white throat and a black mask.
References
Roraiman barbtail
Birds of Venezuela
Roraiman barbtail
Roraiman barbtail
Roraiman barbtail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Tepuis
Ryan Arthur Benjamin (born November 17, 1977) is a former American football long snapper of the National Football League. They were signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2001. They played college football at South Florida.
They won a Super Bowl ring as a member of the 2002 Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Early years
Benjamin attended River Ridge High School in New Port Richey, Florida, where they lettered in both football and baseball. They earned all-conference and All-North Suncoast honors their senior year as a defensive tackle. They then played college football at the University of South Florida.
NFL career
Benjamin signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent following the 2001 NFL Draft. They were also a member of the New England Patriots that offseason and played one game for the Chicago Bears in place of an injured Patrick Mannelly.
The next season, they would temporarily be back with the New England Patriots before being re-signed by the Buccaneers and winning in Super Bowl XXXVII.
Personal life
Benjamin is married to high school sweetheart Theresa. While at USF, they majored in political science and was the head coach at River Ridge High School through the 2021 fall season.
References
1977 births
Living people
American football long snappers
South Florida Bulls football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
New England Patriots players
Chicago Bears players
People from New Port Richey, Florida
People from Greenfield, Massachusetts
Heat shock protein 27 (Hsp27) also known as heat shock protein beta-1 (HSPB1) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HSPB1 gene.
Hsp27 is a chaperone of the sHsp (small heat shock protein) group among α-crystallin, Hsp20, and others. The common functions of sHsps are chaperone activity, thermotolerance, inhibition of apoptosis, regulation of cell development, and cell differentiation. They also take part in signal transduction.
Structure
sHsps have some structural features in common: Very characteristic is a homologous and highly conserved amino acid sequence, the so-called α-crystallin domain near the C-terminus. These domains consist of 80 to 100 residues with sequence homology between 20% and 60% and fold into β-sheets, which are important for the formation of stable dimers. Hsp27 is rather unique among sHsps in that its α-crystallin domain contains a cysteine residue at its dimer interface, which can become oxidized to form a disulfide bond that covalently links the dimer. The N-terminus consists of a less conserved region, the so-called WD/EPF domain, followed by a short variable sequence with a rather conservative site near the end of this domain. The C-terminal region of sHsps consists of the above mentioned α-crystallin domain, followed by a variable sequence with high motility and flexibility. Despite relatively low levels of global sequence conservation in the C-terminal region, many sHsps contain a locally conserved Ile-Xxx-Ile/Val (IxI/V) motif that plays a role in regulating the assembly of oligomers. It is highly flexible and polar because of its negative charges. Probably it functions as a mediator of solubility for hydrophobic sHsps and it stabilizes the protein and protein/substrate complexes. This was shown by elimination of the C-terminal tail in Hsp27Δ182-205 and in Hsp25Δ18. In the case of Hsp27, the IxI/V motif corresponds to 181-Ile-Pro-Val-183, and this region of the protein plays a critical role, as the mutation of the central Pro residue causes the hereditary motor neuropathy Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
Oligomerization
Hsp27 forms large, dynamic oligomers with an average mass near 500 kDa in vitro. The N-terminus of Hsp27, with its WD/EPF-region, is essential for the development of these large oligomers. Hsp27-oligomers consist of stable dimers, which are formed by two α-crystallin-domains of neighboring monomers, which was first shown in crystal structures of the proteins MjHSP16.5 from Methanocaldococcus jannaschii and wheat Hsp16.9. Therefore the first step in the oligomeric process involves dimerization of the α-crystallin domain. In metazoans, dimerization by α-crystallin domains proceeds through the formation of a long β-strand at the interface. The amino acid sequences in this region, however, are predicted to be disordered Indeed, the α-crystallin domain of Hsp27 partially unfolds in its monomeric state and is less stable than the dimer.
The oligomerization of Hsp27 is a dynamic process: There is a balance between stable dimers and oligomers (up to 800 kDa) consisting of 16 to 32 subunits and a high exchange rate of subunits. The oligomerization depends on the physiology of the cells, the phosphorylation status of Hsp27 and the exposure to stress. Stress induces an increase of expression (after hours) and phosphorylation (after several minutes) of Hsp27. Stimulation of the p38 MAP kinase cascade by differentiating agents, mitogens, inflammatory cytokines such as TNFα and IL-1β, hydrogen peroxide and other oxidants, leads to the activation of MAPKAP kinases 2 and 3 which directly phosphorylate mammalian sHsps. The phosphorylation plays an important role for the formation of oligomers in exponentially growing cells in vitro, but the oligomerization in tumor cells growing in vivo or growing at confluence in vitro is dependent on cell-cell contact, but not on the phosphorylation status. Furthermore, it was shown that HSP27 contains an Argpyrimidine modification.
In all probability, the oligomerization status is connected with the chaperone activity: aggregates of large oligomers have high chaperone activity, whereas dimers and monomers have relatively higher chaperone activity.
Cellular localization
Hsp27 appears in many cell types, especially all types of muscle cells. It is located mainly in the cytosol, but also in the perinuclear region, endoplasmatic reticulum, and nucleus. It is overexpressed during different stages of cell differentiation and development. This suggests an essential role for Hsp27 in the differentiation of tissues.
An affinity of high expression levels of different phosphorylated Hsp27 species and muscle/neurodegenerative diseases and various cancers was observed. High expression levels possibly are in inverse relation with cell proliferation, metastasis, and resistance to chemotherapy. High levels of Hsp27 were also found in sera of breast cancer patients; therefore Hsp27 could be a potential diagnostic marker.
Function
The main function of Hsp27 is to provide thermotolerance in vivo, cytoprotection, and support of cell survival under stress conditions. More specialized functions of Hsp27 are manifold and complex. In vitro it acts as an ATP-independent chaperone by inhibiting protein aggregation and by stabilizing partially denatured proteins, which ensures refolding by the Hsp70-complex. Hsp27 is also involved in the apoptotic signalling pathway. Hsp27 interacts with the outer mitochondrial membranes and interferes with the activation of cytochrome c/Apaf-1/dATP complex and therefore inhibits the activation of procaspase-9. The phosphorylated form of Hsp27 inhibits Daxx apoptotic protein and prevents the association of Daxx with Fas and Ask1. Moreover, Hsp27 phosphorylation leads to the activation of TAK1 and TAK1-p38/ERK pro-survival signaling, thus opposing TNF-α-induced apoptosis.
A well documented function of Hsp27 is the interaction with actin and intermediate filaments. It prevents the formation of non-covalent filament/filament interactions of the intermediate filaments and protects actin filaments from fragmentation. It also preserves the focal contacts fixed at the cell membrane.
Another function of Hsp27 is the activation of the proteasome. It speeds up the degradation of irreversibly denatured proteins and junkproteins by binding to ubiquitinated proteins and to the 26S proteasome. Hsp27 enhances the activation of the NF-κB pathway, that controls a lot of processes, such as cell growth and inflammatory and stress responses. The cytoprotective properties of Hsp27 result from its ability to modulate reactive oxygen species and to raise glutathione levels.
Probably Hsp27 – among other chaperones – is involved in the process of cell differentiation. Changes of Hsp27 levels were observed in Ehrlich ascite cells, embryonic stem cells, normal B-cells, B-lymphoma cells, osteoblasts, keratinocytes, neurons etc. The upregulation of Hsp27 correlates with the rate of phosphorylation and with an increase of large oligomers. It is possible that Hsp27 plays a crucial role in the termination of growth.
Clinical significance
Motor neuropathies
At least 12 disease-causing mutations in this gene have been discovered. Heritable mutations in HSPB1 cause distal hereditary motor neuropathies and the motor neuropathy Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease. There are missense mutations throughout the amino acid sequence of Hsp27, and most disease-causing mutations present with adult-onset symptoms. One of the more severe Hsp27 mutants is the Pro182Leu mutant, which manifests symptomatically in the first few years of life and was additionally demonstrated in a transgenic mouse model. The genetic basis of these diseases is typically autosomal dominant, meaning that only one allele contains a mutation. Since the wild-type HSPB1 gene is also expressed alongside the mutated allele, the diseased cells contain a mixed population of wild-type and mutant Hsp27, and in vitro experiments have shown that the two proteins can form heter-oligomers.
Roles in apoptosis
Notably, phosphorylated Hsp27 increases human prostate cancer (PCa) cell invasion, enhances cell proliferation, and suppresses Fas-induced apoptosis in human PCa cells. Unphosphorylated Hsp27 has been shown to act as an actin capping protein, preventing actin reorganization and, consequently, cell adhesion and motility. OGX-427, which targets HSP27 through an antisense mechanism, is currently undergoing testing in clinical trials.
Roles in cancer
Protein kinase C-mediated HSPB1 phosphorylation protects against ferroptosis, an iron-dependent form of non-apoptotic cell death, by reducing iron-mediated production of lipid reactive oxygen species. These novel data support the development of Hsp-targeting strategies and, specifically, anti-HSP27 agents for the treatment of ferroptosis-mediated cancer.
Interactions
Hsp27 has been shown to interact with:
ASK1,
C2orf73,
CRYAA,
CRYAB,
CRYBB2,
HNRPD,
HSPB8,
MK2,
TAK1, and
TGFB1I1.
References
External links
GeneReviews/NCBI/NIH/UW entry on Charcot-Marie-Tooth Neuropathy Type 2
Heat shock proteins
