"Pride" is a single release by Scottish recording artist Amy Macdonald; it was released as the second single from their third studio album, Life in a Beautiful Light. It was released on 13 August 2012 and was written by Amy Macdonald and produced by Pete Wilkinson.
Background
In an interview with BBC Breakfast on 11 June 2012, Macdonald said that the song was inspired from when they sing the national anthem of Scotland at Hampden Park. They also said they are lucky that they get asked to perform before all of Scotland's international matches. Macdonald says it is an honor and it is something that they always get nervous about, but it is such a buzz afterwards that they love to do it.
Live performances
On 7 July 2012 they performed the song at T in the Park in the King Tut's Wah Wah Tent. On 7 August 2012 they performed the song on daily entertainment show Beat TV on ITV2 which is also shown in 30 other countries including South Africa, United States and Italy. On 14 August 2012 they performed the song on The Rob Brydon Show. On 21 December 2012 they performed the song on The Graham Norton Show. On 10 September 2012 they performed a modified version of the song at 'Our Greatest Team Parade' held in London to celebrate the success of British athletes at the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Music video
Background
On 11 July 2012, Macdonald announced that they would be filming the video saying "Filming the video for Pride 2moro in Glasgow. Praying for a bit of respite from this beautiful Scottish summertime!" On 12 July 2012 they wrote "What a surprise! It's not raining!! Got loads of extra people helping in the video today, my bits not till later! Can't wait to see it :-)". The music video was first released onto YouTube on 6 August 2012 at a total length of three minutes and twenty-four seconds. Shortly after the video was uploaded it had to be removed due to technical issues. A new music video was uploaded shortly afterwards.
Synopsis
The video for "Pride" begins with Amy walking beside the River Clyde in Glasgow, it then shows Macdonald singing on a roof in Glasgow city centre. The video also shows a variety of people across Scotland including a footballer and a young boy walking into Hampden Park, two young girls in a Judo match, a farmer, a family, two sailors, a man who carried the Olympic torch, a local football team and a welder. The video also shows shots of Loch Lommond, Hampden Park and aerial shots of Glasgow.
Track listing
Chart performance
Release history
References
External links
Amy Macdonald official website
2012 singles
Amy Macdonald songs
Songs written by Amy Macdonald
2012 songs
Mercury Records singles
Cuthbert James Grant (1793 – July 15, 1854) was a prominent Métis leader of the early 19th century. Their father was also called Cuthbert Grant.
Life
Cuthbert James Grant was born in 1793 at Fort Tremblant, a North West Company trading post located near the present-day town of Togo, Saskatchewan, where their father was a manager. Their father was Cuthbert Grant Sr., a North West Company partner, and their mother was Métis, Margaret Son-gabo-ki-che-ta Grant, Utinwassis Cree Woman. In 1801, at the age of 8, they were sent to be educated, perhaps to Scotland, though this is uncertain. It is not known exactly when they returned to Western Canada, but in 1812, they entered the service of the North West Company at the age of 19. They then travelled with the spring brigade to the Pays d'en Haut, the "high country" of the northwest.
They were recognized as a leader of the Métis people, and became involved in the bitter struggle between the Nor'westers and the Hudson's Bay Company stemming from the Pemmican Proclamation, which forbade anyone from exporting pemmican from the Red River Colony. The capture and destruction of the North West Company's Fort Gibraltar in 1816, caused further anger at the HBC from the Nor'westers and the local Métis. This led to the bloody encounter known as the Battle of Seven Oaks, where Robert Semple and 21 colonists from the Red River Colony were killed.
Despite this, when the two rival companies merged in 1821 under the name the Hudson's Bay Company, the new governor, Sir George Simpson, requested Grant to head a Métis settlement of some 2,000 people situated some 16 miles west of the Red River Colony on the Assiniboine River. The settlement was to be known as Grantown for many years then was renamed St. François Xavier after the patron saint of the town.
By 1825 wheat was becoming an important food crop and although there were several windmills in operation in the area, Cuthbert Grant was the first to undertake the construction of a watermill. Their mill was completed on Sturgeon Creek in 1829. While the exact location is not known, it is probable that it was close to where the Portage Trail crossed the creek; and it is altogether likely that the dam was used as a bridge for crossing the creek during the season of high water. Unfortunately the dam proved unequal to the spring floods and for three successive years it was washed out. Grant finally abandoned the site and moved their machinery to Grantown where they constructed a successful windmill. There is a mill called Grant's Old Mill that is located in Winnipeg.
In 1828, the Hudson's Bay Company placed them in charge of the defence of the Red River Colony. They later became a sheriff and magistrate in the District of Assiniboia.
On July 15, 1854, Cuthbert died from injuries sustained after falling from their horse.
Family and descendants
Cuthbert James Grant was known to have been married three times and to have fathered many children.
Their first wife was Elizabeth "Bethsy" McKay, the sister of John Richards McKay and daughter of John McKay and Mary Favell. Grant and Bethsy courted through correspondence; the pair were married on May 22, 1814, at Fort Gibraltar. Their marriage produced one son, James (b. circa 1815). However, while Cuthbert was on trial for their part in Seven Oaks, both Bethsy and their son James disappeared. Their fate is unknown.
In 1820, Cuthbert was involved in a mariage du pays with Marie Desmaris. From this union, a daughter Maria was born (b. July 15, 1820). (Maria would later marry Pascal Breland, a magistrate at St. François Xavier.)
Around 1823, Cuthbert married Marie-Marguerite McGillis, the daughter of Angus McGillis and an aboriginal woman named Marguerite. Cuthbert and Marie-Marguerite were the parents of 11 children: Elise, Charles, Pierre, Elizabeth, Marguerite, Cuthbert Louis Marie, Cuthbert, James, Sophia, Caroline, Jessie, and Julie Rose Marie Grant.
Marie-Marguerite survived their husband's death by 18 months. They were buried on April 30, 1856, in St.-Francois-Xavier.
Lord Strathspey, the head of Clan Grant, officially declared Cuthbert Grant a member of their clan at a ceremony held in Winnipeg in July 2012. This created a new sept of their descendants in Canada.
Legacy
Grant Avenue in Winnipeg and the Cuthbert Grant rose, developed by Agriculture Canada and introduced in 1967, are named in their honour.
During the 1960s, Canadian-born James Bond film producer Harry Saltzman attempted to make a feature film about Grant that would have been shot in Canada. Initially the biographical film was to have starred Sean Connery as Grant.
References
External links
1793 births
1854 deaths
Canadian Métis people
North West Company people
People of North-Western Territory
Métis politicians
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Accidental deaths in Manitoba
Deaths by horse-riding accident in Canada
Pemmican War
Members of the Council of Assiniboia
William C. Kahl (1908 – 2001) was an American educator.
Kahl was born September 21, 1908 at Mount Horeb, Wisconsin. Kahl graduated from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. They then are a teacher and principal at various schools. In 1966, Kahl was appointed Wisconsin Superintendent of Public Instruction. Kahl was then elected to the office, serving until 1973.
They died February 7, 2001.
Notes
1908 births
2001 deaths
People from Mount Horeb, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Educators from Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
20th-century American politicians
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1944 season.
Overview
It was not completed because of the Red Army attack.
League standings
References
RSSSF
1944
Higher League
Latvia
Dennis H. Chookaszian is an American business person and former chairperson and CEO of CNA Insurance. They also served as a director on the board of thirteen publicly traded corporations, and currently serves on the board of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.  They are currently a professor of strategic management at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
An Eagle Scout, Chookaszian serves on the BSA National Executive Board, the organization's governing board. In 2007 they were awarded the Boy Scouts of America's Silver Buffalo Award for their work with the organization.
References
External links
Profile in Forbes
Profile at MDA
New York Times article on Chookaszian and the CNA purchase of Continental
American chief executives of financial services companies
National Executive Board of the Boy Scouts of America members
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
University of Chicago faculty
The American Dairy Goat Association or ADGA is a United States not-for-profit corporation dedicated to dairy goats. Its purpose is to promote the dairy goat industry, by providing and circulating sound information about goats and goat's milk; maintaining and publishing herd books and production records of milk goats; and issuing certificates of registration and recordation; improving and developing the milk goat breeds; and providing publicity and service for the goat dairying industry. The principal operation of the corporation is in Columbia, Missouri, and its headquarters are in Spindale, North Carolina.
History
The association was organized in 1904 as the American Milch Goat Record Association, and published its first herd book in 1914. It published Volumes 11-23 of the American Milch Goat Record in 1921; a comprehensive compilation of details on its registered animals. According to the Missouri Secretary of State, the nonprofit corporation was created on January 15, 1944, as the American Milk Goat Record Association. On 22 July 1965, its board accepted a proposal to change the name of the organization from its original name to its present name.
Historical records
Many of the historical records kept by the association were in bad shape from age and mold. The association transferred these records to the United States Department of Agriculture's National Agriculture Library Dairy Science Collection for historical preservation. The records date from 1914 to the 1950s with some dating as late as the year 2000.
Membership
As of 2015, membership in the American Dairy Goat Association exceeded 15,000 regular members.
Breed registry
The ADGA maintains separate official herd books for purebred herds and American breed herds. These are official lists of registered animals. A purebred goat is one that has been born of a purebred sire and a purebred dam of the same breed and conforming to breed standards. An American breed goat is one born to a sire and dam of the same breed, going back a minimum of three generations for does and four generations for bucks.
There are eight currently registered ADGA breeds for which the organization issues certificates of registration and maintains herd books and production records: seven standard size breeds Alpine, Lamancha, Nubian, Oberhasli, Saanen, Sable, and Toggenburg, and one miniature breed, the Nigerian Dwarf.
The standard size breeds can be registered in the Purebred and American herd books for their breed, and crosses between these seven may be recorded in Recorded Grade Herd or Experimental Herd books. Lamancha and Sable breed goats have 'open' herd books, which means grade (or nonpedigreed) goats of these two breeds can be 'bred up' to established purebred registry standards and then registered as usual. Nigerian Dwarf goats are registered only in a purebred herd book and there are no provisions for 'breeding up' grade goats of this breed. Offspring of a Nigerian Dwarf goat which are the product of a cross with a standard size breed or any other breed may not be recorded in any ADGA herd books. No breed purebreds or crosses with Boer, Angora, Pygmy, Cashmere, or any other types of goats are accepted for registration.
The association initially preferred registered goats to be descended from known European breeds, but was willing to accept upgraded goats as well. In addition to its eight currently registered breeds, the ADGA at one time registered several other breeds that are no longer available in North America, including the British Alpine goat, the Calcutta Llama, the Indian goat, the Maltese goat, the Murcien or Murciene, the Norska goat (and other Norwegian breeds), the Rock Alpine goat, the Rome goat, the Royal Murciana goat, and the Schwartzenberg-Guggisberger goat.
See also
American Goat Society
Goat
Dairy goats
References
External links
American Dairy Goat Association Official website
American dairy organizations
Goats
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary () is an 18th-century Roman Catholic church located in Vila Velha, Espírito Santo, Brazil. It is one of numerous churches across Brazil constructed by the Afro-Brazilian brotherhood associated with Our Lady of the Rosary (Nossa Senhora do Rosário). The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary in Vila Velha was listed as a historic structure by National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN) in 1950.
History
Construction of Our Lady of the Rosary began in 1765 and was completed in two years using slave labor. The Bishopric of Bahia granted the Brotherhood of Our Lady of the Rosary permission to build a church, and the land was donated by captain Felipe Gonçalves dos Santos on Pernambuco, a small hill. The Casa de Leilão, an auction house, was constructed next to the church to fund the manumission of slaves; while abandoned, it remains on the property. The church has been enlarged at least three times and was restored between 1969 and 1970. Much of the early colonial-style architecture of Vitória was demolished during urban renewal in the 19th and 20th century; Our Lady of the Rosary is a remaining example of Baroque architecture in the city.
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary no longer conducts religious services; it is primarily open for visitation and for the celebration of the Festival of St. Benedict in December. The situation has created an impasse between the board of directors of the church, the local community, and the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Vitória.
Renovations
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary was first renovated by IPHAN (then SPHAN ) in 1950. The tile roof was replaced by a reinforced concrete roof in 1980; the walls, paintings, and wooden choir structures were repaired in 2015.
Structure
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary is built in the Baroque style common to the period. The façade of the church and cemetery wall date to the 17th century; the bell tower, chancel, and sacristy date to the 19th century. The exterior of the bell tower resembles those of the Church of the Magi (Igreja dos Reis Magos) and the Church of Our Lady of Help (Igreja Nossa Senhora da Ajuda), both Jesuit churches. The portal and three windows of the church have curved lintels.
The church and its broad steps once opened to the waterfront of Vitória, but the church is now surrounded by a dense urban area. The stair leading to the churchyard is both steep and irregular; the steps are made of individual stones of both irregular shape and size. The church is framed by two large palm trees at the top of the stairway.
A cemetery was built to the side of the church to ensure a burial place for members of the Brotherhood. Public cemeteries in the colonial period did not allow the burial of Afro-Brazilians, even those emancipated before death. The church has a small museum to house sacred pieces and vestments. It also houses a platform used during its annual procession; it weighs approximately .
The interior consists of a nave, chancel, and sacristy. Its corridors have two ossuaries for members of the Brotherhood of Our Lady of the Rosary. The church has four altars; the high altar dates to 1911. It houses an image of Our Lady of the Rosary. It also houses images of two Ethiopian saints traditionally revered by Afro-Brazilians: Saint Elesbaan (Santo Elesbão) and Saint Ephigenia (Santa Efigênia).
Protected status
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary was listed as a historic structure by the National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage in 1950. It is listed in the Book of Historical Works process no. 422.
References
Baroque church buildings in Brazil
Roman Catholic churches in Espírito Santo
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Brazil
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1767
Portuguese Colonial architecture in Brazil
Navasota leuconeurella is a species of snout moth in the genus Navasota. It was described by George Hampson in 1918 and is known from South Africa and Uganda.
References
Moths described in 1918
Anerastiini
Amir Dan Aczel (; November 6, 1950 – November 26, 2015) was an Israeli-born American lecturer in mathematics and the history of mathematics and science, and an author of popular books on mathematics and science.
Biography
Amir D. Aczel was born in Haifa, Israel. Aczel's father was the captain of a passenger ship that sailed primarily in the Mediterranean Sea. When they were ten, Aczel's father taught their son how to steer a ship and navigate. This inspired Aczel's book The Riddle of the Compass. Amir graduated from the Hebrew Reali School in Haifa, in 1969.
When Aczel was 21, they studied at the University of California, Berkeley. They graduated with a BA in mathematics in 1975, and received a Master of Science in 1976. Several years later Aczel earned a Ph.D. in statistics from the University of Oregon.
Aczel taught mathematics at universities in California, Alaska, Massachusetts, Italy, and Greece. They married their wife Debra in 1984 and had one daughter, Miriam, and one stepdaughter. They accepted a professorship at Bentley College in Massachusetts, where they taught classes on statistics and the history of science and history of mathematics. They authored two textbooks on statistics. While teaching at Bentley, Aczel wrote several non-technical books on mathematics and science, as well as two textbooks. Their book, Fermat's Last Theorem (), was a United States bestseller and was nominated for a Los Angeles Times Book Prize. Aczel appeared on CNN, CNBC, The History Channel, and Nightline. Aczel was a 2004 Fellow of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, a Visiting Scholar in the History of Science at Harvard University (2007), and was awarded a Sloan Foundation grant to research their 2015 book Finding Zero (). In 2003, they became a research fellow at the Boston University Center for Philosophy and History of Science, and in Fall 2011 was teaching mathematics courses at University of Massachusetts Boston. They were a speaker at La Ciudad de las Ideas (The City of Ideas), Puebla, Mexico, in 2008, 2010 , and 2011. They died in Nîmes, France in 2015 from cancer.
Works
Complete Business Statistics, 8th Edition, 2012.
Statistics: Concepts and Applications, 1995.
How to Beat the I.R.S. at Its Own Game: Strategies to Avoid and Fight an Audit, 1996.
Fermat's Last Theorem: Unlocking the Secret of an Ancient Mathematical Problem, 1997.
God's Equation: Einstein, Relativity, and the Expanding Universe, 1999.
The Mystery of the Aleph: Mathematics, the Kabbalah, and the Search for Infinity, 2000.
Probability 1: The Book That Proves There Is Life In Outer Space, Harvest Books, January 2000. .
The Riddle of the Compass: The Invention that Changed the World, 2001.
Entanglement: The Greatest Mystery in Physics, 2002. and
Pendulum: Léon Foucault and the Triumph of Science, 2003.
Chance: A Guide to Gambling, Love, and the Stock Market, 2004.
Descartes' Secret Notebook: A True Tale of Mathematics, Mysticism, and the Quest to Understand the Universe, 2005.
The Artist and the Mathematician: The Story of Nicolas Bourbaki, the Genius Mathematician Who Never Existed, 2007. High Stakes Publishing, London. .
The Jesuit and the Skull: Teilhard de Chardin, Evolution, and the Search for Peking Man, 2007.
Uranium Wars: The Scientific Rivalry that Created the Nuclear Age, 2009.
The Cave and the Cathedral: How a Real-Life Indiana Jones and a Renegade Scholar Decoded the Ancient Art of Man, 2009.
Present at the Creation: The Story of CERN and the Large Hadron Collider, 2010.
A Strange Wilderness: The Lives of the Great Mathematicians, 2011.
Why Science Does Not Disprove God, 2014.
Finding Zero, 2015.
References
External links
1950 births
2015 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Hebrew Reali School alumni
Bentley University faculty
Boston University faculty
Deaths from cancer in France
Harvard University staff
Historians of mathematics
Israeli emigrants to the United States
Israeli Jews
Writers from Haifa
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
University of Massachusetts Boston faculty
University of Oregon alumni
In enzymology, an aspartate racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the following chemical reaction:
L-aspartate D-aspartate
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and amino acid derivatives, including glutamate racemase, proline racemase, and diaminopimelate epimerase.
The systematic name of this enzyme class is aspartate racemase. Other names in common use include D-aspartate racemase, and McyF.
Discovery
Aspartate racemase was first discovered in the gram-positive bacteria Streptococcus faecalis by Lamont et al. in 1972. It was then determined that aspartate racemase also racemizes L-alanine around half as quickly as it does L-aspartate, but does not show racemase activity in the presence of L-glutamate.
Structure
The crystallographic structure of bacterial aspartate racemase has been solved in Pyrococcus horikoshii OT3, Escherichia coli, Microcystis aeruginosa, and Picrophilus torridus DSM 9790.
Homodimer
In most bacteria for which the structure is known, aspartate racemase exists as a homodimer, where each subunit has a molecular weight of approximately 25 kDa. The complex consists primarily of alpha helices, and additionally features a Rossmann fold in the center of the dimer. The catalytic pocket lies at the cleft formed by the intersection of the two domains. A citrate molecule can fit inside the binding pocket, leading to a contraction of the cleft to make the "closed form" of aspartate racemase.
Two highly conserved cysteine residues are suggested to be responsible for the interconversion of L-aspartate and D-aspartate. These cysteine residues lie 3-4 angstroms away from the α-carbon of aspartate. Site-directed mutagenesis studies showed that the mutation of the upstream cysteine residue to serine resulted in complete loss of racemization activity, while the same mutation in the downstream cysteine residue resulted in retention of 10-20% racemization activity. However, mutation of the acid residue glutamate, which stabilizes the downstream cysteine residue, resulted in complete loss of racemization activity. Up to 9 other residues are known to interact with and stabilize the isomers of aspartate through hydrogen bonding or hydrophobic interactions.
In E. coli, one of the active cysteine residues is substituted for a threonine residue, allowing for much greater substrate promiscuity. Notably, aspartate racemase in E. coli is also able to catalyze the racemization of glutamate.
Monomer
In 2004, an aspartate racemase was discovered in Bifidobacterium bifidum as a 27 kDa monomer. This protein shares nearly identical enzymological properties with homodimeric aspartate racemase isolated from Streptococcus thermophilus, but has the added characteristic that its thermal stability increases significantly in the presence of aspartate.
Reaction mechanism
Aspartate racemase catalyzes the following reaction:
Aspartate racemase can accept either L-aspartate or D-aspartate as substrates.
Amino acid racemization is carried out by two dominant mechanisms: one-base mechanisms and two-base mechanisms. In one-base mechanisms, a proton acceptor abstracts the α-hydrogen from the substrate amino acid to form a carbanion intermediate until reprotonated at the other face of the α-carbon. Racemases dependent on pyridoxal-5-phosphate (PLP) typically leverage one-base mechanisms. In the two-base mechanism, an alpha hydrogen is abstracted by a base on one face of the amino acid while another protonated base concertedly donates its hydrogen onto the other face of the amino acid.
PLP-independent mechanism
Aspartate racemases in bacteria function in the absence of PLP, suggesting a PLP-independent mechanism. A two-base mechanism is supported in the literature, carried out by two thiol groups:
Other PLP-independent isomerases in bacteria include glutamate racemase, proline racemase, and hydroxyproline-2-epimerase.
PLP-dependent mechanism
Mammalian aspartate racemase, in contrast with bacterial aspartate racemase, is a PLP-dependent enzyme. The exact mechanism is unknown, but it is hypothesized to proceed similarly to mammalian serine racemase as below:
Inhibition
General inhibitors for cysteine residues have shown to be effective agents against monomeric aspartate racemase. N-ethylmaleimide and 5,5'-dithiobis(2-nitrobenzoate) both inhibit monomeric aspartate racemase at 1mM.
Function
Metabolism of D-aspartate
One of the primary functions of aspartate racemase in bacteria is the metabolism of D-aspartate. The beginning of D-aspartate metabolism is its conversion to L-alanine. First, D-aspartate is isomerized to L-aspartate by aspartate racemase, followed by decarboxylation to form L-alanine.
Peptidoglycan synthesis
D-amino acids are common within the peptidoglycan of bacteria. In Bifidobacterium bifidum, D-aspartate is formed from L-aspartate via aspartate racemase and used as a cross-linker moiety in the peptidoglycan.
Mammalian neurogenesis
Aspartate racemase is highly expressed in the brain, the heart, and the testes of mammals, all tissues in which D-aspartate is present. D-aspartate is abundant in the embryonic brain, but falls during postnatal development. Retrovirus-mediated expression of short hairpin RNA complementary to aspartate racemase in newborn neurons of the adult hippocampus led to defects in dendritic development and empaired survival of the newborn neurons, suggesting that aspartate racemase may modulate adult neurogenesis in mammals.
Evolution
Phylogenetic analysis shows that PLP-dependent animal aspartate racemases are in the same family as PLP-dependent animal serine racemases, and the genes encoding them share a common ancestor. Aspartate racemases in animals have independently evolved from serine racemases through amino acid substitutions, namely, the introduction of three consecutive serine residues. Serine racemases isolated from Saccoglossus kowalevskii also show both high aspartate and glutamate racemization activity.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of known structure
Predix, known as Predix Platform is an industrial IoT software platform from GE Digital. It provides edge-to-cloud data connectivity, processing, analytics, and services to support industrial applications. The Platform has both edge and cloud components. Predix Cloud is hosted on AWS.
Overview
Predix Platform collects and transfers OT and IT data to the cloud by direct connector software or Predix Edge – an on-premises software product that also supports local analytics and applications processing. Predix Edge deployments can be managed at the local level and/or centrally from Predix Cloud.
In addition to data ingestion, processing and storage, Predix Platform provides a framework for operationalizing streaming and batch analytics processing.
Predix Essentials is a packaged and pre-configured version of the Predix Platform intended to immediately support GE Digital applications and typical IIoT use cases such as condition-based monitoring.
In November 2016, Forrester Research said GE Digital's Predix was one of eleven significant IoT packages.
References
External links
Big data products
Industrial automation
Industrial computing
Internet of things
Forecasting
The 2017 Trofeo Angelo Caffi was the second edition of the Trofeo Angelo Caffi run at the 2017 Bologna Motor Show. The event featured cars and teams from the NASCAR Whelen Euro Series duelling at a temporary racetrack. The event was won by Lorenzo Marcucci.
Entry List
Race
References
NASCAR Whelen Euro Series
Trofeo Angelo Caffi
Gerald Jay Sussman (born February 8, 1947) is the Panasonic Professor of Electrical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). They received their S.B. and Ph.D. degrees in mathematics from MIT in 1968 and 1973 respectively. They have been involved in artificial intelligence (AI) research at MIT since 1964. Their research has centered on understanding the problem-solving strategies used by scientists and engineers, with the goals of automating parts of the process and formalizing it to provide more effective methods of science and engineering education. Sussman has also worked in computer languages, in computer architecture and in Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) design.
Education
Sussman attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology as an undergraduate and received their S.B. in mathematics in 1968. They continued their studies at MIT and obtained a Ph.D. in 1973, also in mathematics, under the supervision of Seymour Papert. Their doctoral thesis was titled "A Computational Model of Skill Acquisition" focusing on artificial intelligence and machine learning, using a computational performance model named HACKER.
Academic work
Sussman is a coauthor (with Hal Abelson and Julie Sussman) of the introductory computer science textbook Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs. It was used at MIT for several decades, and has been translated into several languages.
Sussman's contributions to artificial intelligence include problem-solving by debugging almost-right plans, propagation of constraints applied to electrical circuit analysis and synthesis, dependency-based explanation and dependency-based backtracking, and various language structures for expressing problem-solving strategies. Sussman and their former student, Guy L. Steele Jr., invented the programming language Scheme in 1975.
Sussman saw that artificial intelligence ideas can be applied to computer-aided design (CAD). Sussman developed, with their graduate students, sophisticated computer-aided design tools for Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI). Steele made the first Scheme chips in 1978. These ideas and the AI-based CAD technology to support them were further developed in the Scheme chips of 1979 and 1981. The technique and experience developed were then used to design other special-purpose computers. Sussman was the principal designer of the Digital Orrery, a machine designed to do high-precision integrations for orbital mechanics experiments. The Orrery was designed and built by a few people in a few months, using AI-based simulation and compiling tools.
Using the Digital Orrery, Sussman has worked with Jack Wisdom to discover numerical evidence for chaotic motions in the outer planets. The Digital Orrery is now retired at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC. Sussman was also the lead designer of the Supercomputer Toolkit, another multiprocessor computer optimized for evolving of ordinary differential equations. The Supercomputer Toolkit was used by Sussman and Wisdom to confirm and extend the discoveries made with the Digital Orrery to include the entire planetary system.
Sussman has pioneered the use of computational descriptions to communicate methodological ideas in teaching subjects in Electrical Circuits and in Signals and Systems. Over the past decade Sussman and Wisdom have developed a subject that uses computational techniques to communicate a deeper understanding of advanced classical mechanics. In Computer Science: Reflections on the Field, Reflections from the Field, they write "... computational algorithms are used to express the methods used in the analysis of dynamical phenomena. Expressing the methods in a computer language forces them to be unambiguous and computationally effective. Students are expected to read the programs and to extend them and to write new ones. The task of formulating a method as a computer-executable program and debugging that program is a powerful exercise in the learning process. Also, once formalized procedurally, a mathematical idea becomes a tool that can be used directly to compute results." Sussman and Wisdom, with Meinhard Mayer, have produced a textbook, Structure and Interpretation of Classical Mechanics, to capture these new ideas.
Sussman and Abelson have also been a part of the free software movement, including releasing MIT/GNU Scheme as free software and serving on the Board of Directors of the Free Software Foundation.
Sussman's work is presented in many videos, such as: with Hal Abelson in a full 20 lecture versions of MIT's SICP course, for LispNYC, at the International Conference on Complex Systems, for ArsDigita University, and giving the keynote talk at a Strange Loop conference.
Awards and organizations
For their contributions to computer science education, Sussman received the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Karl Karlstrom Outstanding Educator Award in 1990, and the Amar G. Bose award for teaching in 1992.
Sussman and Hal Abelson are the only founding directors still active on the board of directors of the Free Software Foundation (FSF).
Sussman is a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), a member of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), a fellow of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), a fellow of the New York Academy of Sciences (NYAS), and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.  They are also a bonded locksmith, a life member of the American Watchmakers-Clockmakers Institute (AWI), a member of the Massachusetts Watchmakers-Clockmakers Association (MWCA), a member of the Amateur Telescope Makers of Boston (ATMOB), and a member of the American Radio Relay League (ARRL).
Personal life
Gerald Sussman is married to computer programmer Julie Sussman.
Select bibliography
Chris Hanson and Gerald Jay Sussman; Software Design for Flexibility, MIT Press, 2021. ISBN 978-0-262-045490.
Gerald Jay Sussman and Jack Wisdom, with Will Farr; Functional Differential Geometry, MIT Press, 2013. ISBN 978-0-262-01934-7.
Alexey Radul and Gerald Jay Sussman; "Revised Report on the Propagator Model", documentation and system, August 2010.
Alexey Radul and Gerald Jay Sussman; "The Art of the Propagator," MIT-CSAIL-TR-2009-002; Abridged version in Proc. 2009 International Lisp Conference, March 2009.
Structure and Interpretation of Classical Mechanics, second edition, Gerald Jay Sussman and Jack Wisdom, MIT Press, 2014. ISBN 978-0-262-02896-7.
"Cellular Gate Technology", Thomas F. Knight and Gerald Jay Sussman, Proc. UMC98, First International Conference on Unconventional Models of Computation, Auckland, NZ, January 1998.
"Sparse Representations for Fast, One-shot learning", Kenneth Yip and Gerald Jay Sussman, Proc. of National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, July 1997. A longer version appears as MIT AI Lab Memo #1633, May 1998
"A Computational Model for the Acquisition and Use of Phonological Knowledge", Kenneth Yip and Gerald Jay Sussman, MIT Artificial Intelligence Memo 1575, March 1996.
"Amorphous Computing", Harold Abelson, Don Allen, Daniel Coore, Chris Hanson, George Homsy, Thomas F. Knight, Jr., Radhika Nagpal, Erik Rauch, Gerald Jay Sussman, Ron Weiss, in Communications of the ACM , 43 , 5, May 2000. Also as MIT Artificial Intelligence Memo 1665, August 1999.
"Comparison between subsonic flow simulation and physical measurements of flue pipes", Panayotis. A. Skordos and Gerald Jay Sussman, Proceedings of ISMA 95, International Symposium on Musical Acoustics, Le Normont, France, July 1995. Also MIT Artificial Intelligence Memo 1535, April 1995.
"Chaotic Evolution of the Solar System", Gerald Jay Sussman and Jack Wisdom, Science, 257, 3 July 1992.
"The Supercomputer Toolkit: A general framework for special-purpose computing", with A. Berlin, J. Katzenelson, W. McAllister, G. Rozas, G. J. Sussman, and Jack Wisdom, International Journal of High-Speed Electronics, 3, no. 3, pp. 337--361, 1992.
"Numerical evidence that the motion of Pluto is chaotic", Gerald Jay Sussman and Jack Wisdom, in Science, 241, 22 July 1988.
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs, Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman with Julie Sussman, MIT Press and McGraw-Hill, 1985, second edition 1996, ISBN 0-262-01153-0. (published translations in French, Japanese, Polish, Chinese, Korean, and German).
See also
Marvin Minsky
Seymour Papert
Terry Winograd
MDL (programming language)
Sussman anomaly
References
External links
Gerald Sussman at the Mathematics Genealogy Project
Books at the MIT Press
1947 births
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
American computer scientists
American electrical engineers
Artificial intelligence researchers
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
Free software programmers
GNU people
History of artificial intelligence
Jewish American scientists
Lisp (programming language) people
Living people
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science alumni
MIT School of Engineering faculty
Members of the Free Software Foundation board of directors
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Programming language designers
21st-century American Jews
Irnini Mons is a volcanic structure on the planet Venus, and is named after the Assyro-Babylonian goddess of cedar-tree mountains. It has a diameter of , a height of , and is located in Venus' northern hemisphere. More specifically, it is located in the central Eistla Regio region at () in the V-20 quadrangle. Sappho Patera, a diameter wide, caldera-like, depression tops the summit of Irnini Mons. The primary structural features surrounding Irnini Mons are graben, seen as linear depressed sections of rock, radiating from the central magma chamber. Also, concentric, circular ridges and graben outline the Sappho Patera depression at the summit. The volcano is crossed by various rift zones, including the north-south trending Badb Linea rift, the Guor Linea rift extending to the northwest, and the Virtus Linea rift continuing to the southeast.
The combination of volcanic-tectonic structures around Irnini Mons supports varying intensities of deformation and a multi-directional stress history. Although classified as a shield volcano, Irnini Mons contains many elements of the Venusian coronae, bringing speculation to its formation. If Irnini Mons was originally a corona, a shallow oval-shaped depression, it would support a thin lithosphere on Venus. On the other hand, it being a shield volcano supports the theory of a thicker lithosphere and Irnini Mons' stress history could be summarized simply as a transition from predominantly compressive forces to extensional relaxation, resulting in the observed radiating graben and concentric ridges.
Irnini Mons is a significant structural feature on Venus because the preservation of the geology allows for the analysis of Venus' regional stress orientation in response to a pressurized magma chamber over time.
Geology of Irnini Mons
The geology of Irnini Mons and the surrounding region was interpreted using synthetic aperture radar data from the Magellan space mission. Stratigraphic units were identified using their relative brightness and texture. Topography and structural features, such as cross-cutting relationships, were also taken into account. The extremely low erosional rates on Venus contribute to the preservation of many of these volcanic-tectonic features. The high pressure inhibits wind erosion, the dryness prevents water erosion, and the lack of volatiles in magma results in structures that are mostly untouched.
Volcanic-Tectonic Structures
Irnini Mons is composed of continuous flows of basaltic lava, with younger pyroclastic material within the flows near the summit. The younger flows resurface and superimpose the older flows as seen by the intensity of observable wrinkle ridge deformation decreasing from older to younger flows. Irini Mons is characterized by various fracture, ridge, and graben complexes. This includes north-south trending rift and ridge structures that are parallel to the Badb Linea rift zone. Furthermore, many graben radiate from the central magma chamber resulting in a symmetrical web of structures. The radial graben is highly reflective in radar imaging and, therefore, easily noticeable. This radial network is a result of regional stresses that are altered closer to the magma-pressurized summit of Irnini Mons. The pressure from the magma chamber results in radiating graben because the regional linear compression is altered to radial compression in proximity to its "pressurized hole".
Circumferential ridges and graben are also highly reflective to radar, and therefore, easily observed around the Sappho Patera depression. These concentric features formed after Irnini Mons lost the high pressure dynamic support from the mantle upwelling due to the lack of overlying flows. The presence of circumferential structures along a shallow depression on Irnini Mons' summit is a characteristic of coronae on Venus. The presence of corona-like features suggest two possible theories for interpretation of how Irnini Mons developed. One hypothesis is a transition from a primary shield volcano structure to a primary corona structure due to continued lithosphere thinning and lack of resurfacing flows. Another hypothesis is Irnini Mons was originally a corona which was uplifted due to compressive forces.
Regional Geology
The low viscosity basaltic flows that compose Irnini Mons overlay several regional plains and tessera units of Eistla Regio. The oldest observed rocks are a highly deformed tessera unit with ridges and grabens at high angles between one another which create the tessera-textured pattern for which it is named. The plains units are generally less deformed, but show a dominant linear trend of wrinkle ridges going in an east-west direction from the prevalent north-south compression. The tessera structures are truncated by the east-west wrinkle ridges, indicating the tessera formed before the wrinkle ridges. The youngest plains material is significantly less deformed than the older plains material and underlies the Irnini flows. All impact craters observed occurred prior to formation of the east-west wrinkle ridges.
The largest regional structure is the Guor Linea rift extending to the northwest, with its counterpart, the Virtus Linea rift, trending back in a southeast direction. Both of these rift zones cut through the plains units but not through Irnini Mons, indicating the Irnini flows postdate these rifts. Badb Linea is the third rift zone and consists of closely spaced, linear grabens trending in a north-south direction. However, unlike the other rifts, Badb Linea has structures which both truncate and cross-cut the Irnini flows, signifying that its rifting occurred before and after the Irnini flows.
The abundance of tectonic structures (e.g. wrinkle ridges, graben, and tessera) in proximity to Irnini Mons provides indications for the regional stress orientation of the shallow crust, as well as local timelines. The dominant change from east-west trending regional wrinkle ridges to radial ridges around Irnini Mons signifies a transition from north-south compression to radial compression near the summit.
Formation Theories
Shield Volcano
The most widely accepted belief is that Irnini Mons formed as a shield volcano, and experienced a crater collapse later in its geologic life. Shield Volcanoes on Venus develop as a result of mantle upwelling occurring under thick lithosphere in a constant location over a relatively long period of time. Effusive flows from the magma chamber emitted low viscosity, basaltic lava which resurfaced the regional tessera plains of Venus. The placid flows eventually formed a shallow sloping volcano with its summit above the magma pressurized center. Radiating fractures and ridges due to compression formed simultaneously with the continuous lava flows.
The central depression, Sappho Patera, formed due to a loss of dynamic support from the central magma chamber upwelling. The loss of mantle support resulted in a gravitational collapse of the summit and a relaxation of the compressive stresses directed towards the summit. The result is a pattern of concentric ridges and fractures around a semi-circular, caldera-like depression on the summit of Irnini Mons. In addition, Irnini Mons then ceased to emit steady flows and went into a stable isostatic balance with low density lithospheric support. The lack of steady, resurfacing flows allowed the preservation of volcanic-tectonic features that had developed over the life-span of the volcano. The transition from volcanic build-up to summit collapse is directly related to the degree of melting from the central magma chamber.
Uplifted Corona
An alternate theory is, rather than being a shield volcano, Irnini Mons developed as a corona under thin lithosphere, and was simply tectonically uplifted to its present elevation under the north-south compression. Coronae develop when a mantle upwelling bends the crust upwards, which later collapses when the dynamic support from the upwelling is lost, resulting in a shallow oval-shaped depression. This hypothesis requires two assumptions:
The formation of Irnini Mons as a corona occurred simultaneously with uplift.
The Irnini flows predate the radial and circumferential structures seen on Irnini Mons' summit.
If the corona uplift theory is correct, then most of the topographic highs in the Eistla Regio region of Venus would also be due to uplift. Additionally, it supports the hypothesis of a thin lithosphere on Venus. The theory of corona uplift much more unlikely than Irnini Mons simply being a shield volcano which underwent natural volcanic progression.
Timeline of Events
An approximate timeline of the regional geologic events, occurring over a time period of a few hundred million years, can be summarized as:
East-west wrinkle ridge formation on the regional plains due to north-south compression.
Formation of radial graben due to magma pressure and radial ridges due to magma pressure and regional compression around Irnini Mons.
Badb Linea rifting and decline of regional compression forms graben at further distances from Irnini Mons.
Lessening of magma pressure and formation of concentric graben near summit.
Formation of concentric ridges near summit due to gravitational relaxation.
See also
Venus
Volcanism on Venus
Geology of Venus
List of montes on Venus
Shield Volcano
Venusian Coronae
References
Planetary geology
Volcanoes of Venus
Iraj Kalimi Mottahedeh (Īraj Mottaḥeda; born April 30, 1932) is a retired Anglican bishop.
Mottahedeh trained for the priesthood at United Theological College, Bangalore and was ordained a deacon in 1958 and a priest in 1960, while serving as curate at St Luke's Isfahan (the See church of the Diocese of Iran) from 1959 until 1962. They then served as vicar successively of three of the diocese's four churches — St Simon the Zealot, Shiraz (1963–1966); St Paul's, Tehran (1966–1974); and St Luke's, Isfahan (1975–1983) — before being appointed Archdeacon of Iran (1983–1985).
On 11 June 1985, they were consecrated as assistant bishop in Iran. Following Hassan Dehqani-Tafti (diocesan Bishop in Iran)'s flight into exile (to the United Kingdom with their British wife) in 1980, Mottahedeh became the only priest in all Iran, and was unable to leave the country; upon Tafti's eventual retirement in 1990, Mottahedeh naturally succeeded them as diocesan Bishop in Iran. During their episcopate, they also served as President Bishop of the Episcopal Church in Jerusalem and the Middle East (2000–2002); they retired in 2002 but continued to serve their diocese as Interim Bishop in Iran until 2004. They then retired to the UK, where they have been licensed since 2005 as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Lichfield (where they live at Church Aston, Shropshire) and the neighbouring Diocese of Birmingham.
References
20th-century Anglican bishops in the Middle East
1932 births
Iranian Anglicans
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Anglican bishops in the Middle East
Anglican bishops of the Diocese of Iran
The 2019–20 Oman Pentangular Series was a Twenty20 International (T20I) cricket tournament, that was held in Oman in October 2019. Originally scheduled to be played between four teams, it was increased to five. The series was played between Hong Kong, Ireland, Nepal, the Netherlands and hosts Oman ahead of the 2019 ICC Men's T20 World Cup Qualifier tournament in the United Arab Emirates. All the matches were played at the Al Amerat Cricket Stadium in Muscat.
In September 2019, when Cricket Hong Kong announced their squad, Anshuman Rath was not included in the side, after quitting the national team to pursue a career in India. Following Rath's announcement to quit playing for the Hong Kong team, Babar Hayat then declared that they were no longer available to play for Hong Kong. Brothers Tanveer Ahmed and Ehsan Nawaz also withdrew themselves for selection.
Hosts Oman won the tournament, after they won all four of their matches, with Ireland finishing as the runners-up.
Squads
Points table
Fixtures
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2019 in Dutch cricket
2019 in Omani sport
International cricket competitions in 2019–20
International cricket competitions in Oman
Oman Pentangular
Missal of duke Novak (Croatian: Misal kneza Novaka) was a 14th-century Glagolitic missal. The letters of the missal were later used for the first Croatian printed book Missale Romanum Glagolitice.
Description
The missal itself was written in Croatian recension of the Church Slavonic language, in the Croatian angular Glagolitic script and quite possibly illuminated, by the royal knight Novak Disislavić on their estates in Krbava in 1368. The author's family descended from the Mogorović gentis, which at that time belonged to the medieval institution Nobiles duodecim generationum regni Croatiae. They were also named the duke of Šolgov in Hungary and duke of Nin in Dalmatia. The missal was written as a pledged gift to a church, where they were to be buried after death.
The last page (colophon) also contains written down verses in Chakavian by the author, a sequence of Christian mortality:
History
After Disislavić's death, the missal was not gifted to a church, but was kept by their sons. Ultimately, Novak Disislavić's son Petar, forced by financial trouble, sold it in 1405 for 45 ducats. The missal was then used by churches in Istria, where it remained for four centuries. In 1820, the missal was bought by Giovanni Battista Hettinger, an antiquarian, who brought it to Austria. Today, it is kept in the Austrian National Library in Vienna.
See also
List of Glagolitic manuscripts
References
Bibliography
14th-century illuminated manuscripts
Illuminated missals
Croatian glagolithic texts
History of Lika
1368 works
Jens Zetlitz Kielland (Jan 05, 1816–Jan 07, 1881) was a Norwegian consul and artist.  They are known as the father of novelist Alexander Kielland.
Family
Jens Kielland was a member of the prominent family of Kielland. They were born in Stavanger to Jacob Kielland and Axeliane Christine (1792–1855), née Zetlitz. Their grandfather was Gabriel Schanche Kielland, their uncle Jonas Schanche Kielland. They had four brothers and five sisters, most of them younger than they are, although a few died young. Through their brother Jacob Kielland, Jens Zetlitz Kielland had several notable nephews.
In July 1840 they married fellow Stavanger citizen Christiane ("Janna") Lange, daughter of Alexander Lange (1792–1866) and their wife Christine Aall Castberg (1799–1851). The couple had five sons and three daughters, of whom two died young.
Jacob Kielland, priest and politician
Kitty Kielland, painter
Alexander Kielland, the well-known De Fire Store novelist
Tycho Kielland became a jurist and journalist
Janna died after giving birth to the eighth child
In July 1863, Jens Zetlitz Kielland married Inger Mæle (1815–1887). They had no children.
Jens Zetlitz Kielland died in 1881 in Stavanger.
Career
Jens Zetzlitz Kielland was qualified for university, but did not take to their studies and returned home to work in their father's business. They did not take to business either, but did serve as the vice consul for Portugal from 1837 and as a director of the Stavanger Sparebank. They inherited a third share in the Ledaal estate in 1863.
Their interests lay in the creative side, in painting, music and ivory carving.
References
1816 births
1881 deaths
19th-century Norwegian painters
People from Stavanger
19th-century Norwegian novelists
Norwegian male painters
19th-century Norwegian male artists
Warren County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 17,707. Its county seat is Monmouth.
History
Warren County was organized in 1825 out of Pike County which consisted of all portions of the state north and west of the Illinois River before 1825. Henderson County was formed in 1841 from the western area of Warren County.
Warren County was named for Dr. Joseph Warren, killed at the Battle of Bunker Hill in 1775.  They are believed to have been the first officer to die in the Revolutionary War.
The current courthouse, constructed of red Portage stone, was completed in 1895.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Monmouth have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Adjacent counties
Mercer County (north)
Knox County (east)
Fulton County (southeast)
McDonough County (south)
Henderson County (west)
Demographics
At the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,707 people, 6,918 households and 4,617 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,682 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.3% white, 1.7% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 4.5% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 8.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.2% were German, 14.7% were Irish, 11.3% were English, 10.0% were Swedish, and 5.5% were American.
Of the 6,918 households, 29.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.2% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.3% were non-families, and 28.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.91. The median age was 39.6 years.
The median household income was $41,636 and the median family income was $49,623. Males had a median income of $40,289 and females $25,460. The per capita incomewas $20,047. About 11.0% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Warren County is located in Illinois's 17th Congressional District and is currently represented by Democrat Cheri Bustos. For the Illinois House of Representatives, the county is split between the 93rd district, currently represented by Republican Norine Hammond, and the 94th district, currently represented by Randy Frese. The county is located in the 47th district of the Illinois Senate, and is currently represented by Republican Jil Tracy.
In presidential elections, Warren County voted for the Republican Party's candidate in every election from 1936 through 1988, often by a wide margin. From 1992 to 2012, the contest in Warren County was more competitive, with the Democratic Party's candidate winning four out of six times.
Transportation
Airport
Monmouth Municipal Airport
Major highways
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 67
Illinois Route 94
Illinois Route 116
Illinois Route 135
Illinois Route 164
Law enforcement
State
Illinois State Police District 14, Macomb
County
Warren County Sheriff's Office
In a scene in the 2018 film "Halloween", the local sheriff drives a car that says Warren County Sheriff's Department. Confirming that the fictional town of Haddonfield is located in Warren County.
Municipal
Alexis Police Department, Alexis
Monmouth Police Department, Monmouth
Volunteer
Warren County/Monmouth Auxiliary Police Corps
Communities
City
Monmouth
Villages
Alexis (partly in Mercer County)
Kirkwood
Little York
Roseville
Unincorporated communities
Berwick
Cameron
Coldbrook
Eleanor
Gerlaw
Greenbush
Larchland
Ormonde
Ponemah
Shanghai City
Smithshire
Swan Creek
Utah
Youngstown
Townships
Warren County is divided into these townships:
Berwick
Cold Brook
Ellison
Floyd
Greenbush
Hale
Kelly
Lenox
Monmouth
Point Pleasant
Roseville
Spring Grove
Sumner
Swan
Tompkins
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Warren County, Illinois
References
External links
Warren County Circuit Court
Welcome to Warren Co., IL AHGP
Illinois counties
1825 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1825
Galesburg, Illinois micropolitan area
Maria Kristina Franck (2 February 1771 – 17 April 1847) was a Swedish actor and drama teacher. They were a member of the pioneer generation of the Royal Dramatic Theatre, and belonged to the first stars of the theater. They have been referred to as their country's first native dramatic tragedienne. They were the principal of the Royal Dramatic Training Academy from 1819 to 1823. During their last years on stage, they were known under their name as married, Ruckman.
Life
Maria Franck was the daughter of a bricklayer journeyman, Johan Franck, and Brita Lundström.
In 1784, they were enrolled as a student of the Royal Swedish Opera. I mentors where Marie Louise Marcadet and Monvel, members of the French theatre. Monvel where reportedly impressed by their talent and they were trained as an actor exclusively for speaking drama and not as a singer of opera.
Career
In 1788, Maria Franck was contracted as a "First actor" of the Royal Dramatic Theatre, which was founded that year. They were as such also a member of the actors board of directors, which managed the theater until 1803.
Maria Franck achieved great success foremost as a tragedienne, and as such, they have been referred to as the most important link between their mentor, the tragedinne Marie Louise Marcadet, and the famous tragedienne of the 19th-century Swedish theater, Sara Torsslow. They did occasionally play comedy as well, and one of their most acclaimed roles was as Mrs Dorsan in Den svartsjuka hustrun ('Jealous Wife') by Desforges. They also performed an occasional minor singing part at the opera, as the staff of the Royal theaters (the Royal Swedish Opera and the Royal Dramatic Theatre) was formally available for both stages.  They are known to have made occasional tours in the country. During the regency government years of Gustav IV Adolf (1792–96), they had risen to become one of the most valuable members of the Royal Dramatic Theatre, which is illustrated by the fact that their income from the theater belonged to the elite of the actores there.
Franck enjoyed great respect as an artist, and the theater director G F Åkerhjelm respectfully noted their "enlightened and experienced judgement" as well as their "excellent ability and their well deserved fame". They reportedly acted with a deep feeling and intensity, and a control over their mimic, which was never melodramatic.
Them career lasted longer than most actors of their generation: most of their generation of actors retired after the 1809-10 season, while they remained until 1818. During their last years on the stage, they were criticized for being to melodramatic in their way of acting; they acted in accordance with the French school, which had by then became unfashionable. In 1818, they retired with a full pension.
Maria Franck had, in parallel with their acting career, given lessons in declamation, and in 1819, the year following their retirement from the stage, they were engaged as the principal of the Royal Dramatic Training Academy, a position they kept until 1823.  They are known as the mentor of Sara Torsslow and Charlotta Eriksson.
In 1808, at the age of thirty-nine, Maria Franck married the eleven years younger engraver Johan Gustav Ruckman (1783–1862). Some encyclopedias therefore list them as Kristina Ruckman, as this was their name during the last ten years of their career. They became the mother of the painter Maria Ruckman (1810–1896). In contrast to most actors of their generation, which often had financial problems, Maria Franck was reportedly well off during their retirement, although this may have been in part because of their husband, who was a successful engraver.
Roles
Among their parts were "One of the pleasures" in Armide by Gluck (season 1786–87), Maria in Gustaf Adolf och Ebba Brahe (Gustaf Adolf and Ebba Brahe) by Gustav III (1787–88), Flattery in Alcides inträde i världen (The arrival of Alcide in to the world) by Haeffner (1793–94), Theodora in De gamla friarna (The old suitors) by Dalayrac (1795–96), Antiope in Renaud by Haeffner (1800–01), Sabina in Den förmente prinsen (The supposed Prince) (1807–08), Madame de Veronne in Ambroise (1812–13), Gertrud in Den Schweiziska familjen (The Swiss family) (1815–16) and the abbess in Nunnorna (The nuns).
Them most noted performances was Thilda in Oden, Celestina and the Abess in Korsfararne (Crusaders) by Kotzebue, and the leading parts in Virginia by Paykull, Johanna af Montfaucon by Kotzebue and Mrs Dorsan in Den svartsjuka hustrun (The jealous wife); the latest one (1808) was considered to be their greatest triumph.
References
Anteckningar om svenska qvinnor
Nordisk familjebok / 1800-talsutgåvan. 13. Pontin - Ruete
Torsten Dahl: Svenska män och kvinnor. Nr 6 ['Swedish men and women. Dictionary']
Henrikson, Alf, Fram till Nybroplan: om Kungliga Dramatiska teatern, Wiken, Höganäs, 1988 (in Swedish)
Österberg, Carin, Lewenhaupt, Inga & Wahlberg, Anna Greta, Svenska kvinnor: föregångare nyskapare, Signum, Lund, 1990 1990 (Swedish)
Kungliga teaterns repertoar 1773-1973 ['Repertoire of the Royal Theatre 1773-1973'], 1974 (Swedish)
Nordensvan, Georg, Svensk teater och svenska skådespelare från Gustav III till våra dagar. Förra delen, 1772-1842, Bonnier, Stockholm, 1917 ['Swedish theatre and Swedish actors from Gustav III to our days. First book 1772–1842'] (Swedish)
Further reading
1771 births
1847 deaths
18th-century Swedish actores
19th-century Swedish actores
Swedish stage actores
Drama teachers
Gustavian era people
19th-century Swedish educators
At the 2010 South Asian Games, the athletics events were held at the Bangabandhu National Stadium in Dhaka, Bangladesh from February 6 to February 9. A total of 23 events were contested, of which 15 by male and 8 by female athletes.
India (10 golds) had the greatest medal haul of the six countries which reached the medal table, shortly followed by Sri Lanka (8 golds). Stand out performers included Chandrika Subashini, who took the 200/400 metres double, and Pakistan's Naseem Hameed, who was a rank outsider before the games but won the women's 100 metres race over more-fancied opposition. Following their victory, the Senate of Pakistan passed a resolution to improve their family's poor living standards and reward them with professional training.
The marathon race caused much controversy as Rajendra Bahadur Bhandari, returning from a doping violation from the 2006 South Asian Games, finished in first place. Furthermore, a miscalculation caused by a change in finishing location resulted in a course of only 35 km (over 5 km short of the true marathon distance). Following an investigation, the athletes' positions remained unchanged, although their times were barred from the record books.
Records
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
References
External links
Official 2010 South Asian Games athletics page (archived)
2010 South Asian Games
South Asian Games
2010 South Asian Games
James Bartholomew Cummings (14 November 1927 – 30 August 2015), also known by their initials J. B. Cummings, was one of the most successful Australian racehorse trainers. They were known as the Cups King, referring to the Melbourne Cup, as they won 'the race that stops a nation' a record twelve times. During their lifetime Cummings was considered an Australian cultural icon and an Australian National Living Treasure. Their status as a racing icon in the 20th century was generally considered equivalent to that of Etienne L. de Mestre in the 19th century.
Early life
Cummings was born in 1927, in Adelaide, South Australia, the son of the accomplished trainer Jim Cummings, who trained the great stayer Comic Court to a win in the 1950 Melbourne Cup. Bart started their career working for their father as a strapper, despite being allergic to horses and hay. Cummings had an older brother, Pat, and said of their father; "I had the best of teachers. My dad had a lot of experience behind them and I picked up from them by watching, listening, and keeping my mouth shut".
Training career
Cummings received their trainer licence in 1953, and set up stables at Glenelg in South Australia. Their first significant win came in 1958, when they won the South Australian Derby, their first Group 1 win.
Cummings had a record total of 89 runners in the Melbourne Cup starting in 1958 with Asian Court who finished twelfth. Their next entrant was Trellios who fronted up in 1959 and finished fifth. In 1960, Sometime finished in sixth place. It wasn't until 1965 that, with three runners in the Melbourne Cup, Cummings finished first with Light Fingers and second with Ziema, with their other runner, The Dip, finished eighteenth.
Cummings won their first Trainer's Premiership in the 1965–1966 season. Not only did they achieve their first Melbourne Cup victory that year, but they also won the Adelaide, Caulfield, Sandown, Sydney, Brisbane and Queen's cups.
In 1968, Cummings opened stables, now called Saintly Lodge, at Flemington in Melbourne, home of the Flemington Racecourse. Later that year, they won the Trainer's Premiership the first of five.
In 1969, the favourite for the Melbourne Cup was Cummings' horse Big Philou, which had already won the Caulfield Cup. However, the horse was drugged illicitly with a large dose of laxative the morning of the race and was unable to compete.
In 1974 they became the first trainer in the British Commonwealth to train horses who won $1 million in prize money.
In 1975, Cummings moved their operations to a new facility near Randwick Racecourse in Sydney, called 'Leilani Lodge'.
In the late 1980s, Cummings spent millions of dollars purchasing racehorses, much of the money spent on behalf of a tax minimisation syndicate. Unfortunately, like many other trainers Cummings was hit hard by the recession of the early 1990s. With help from Reg Inglis' organisation, however, they avoided bankruptcy and continued training.
Cummings had training facilities at Randwick (NSW) and Flemington(Vic) but in 2014 the Flemington stables closed and all horses and training moved to Randwick. Cummings had gone into virtual retirement at Princes their property at the foot of the Blue Mountains. Bart's grandson and partner, James made the decision for financial reasons.
Cummings' final Melbourne Cup winner was Viewed in the 2008 race, when the horse beat Bauer in a photo finish. This was their 12th Melbourne Cup victory, on the 50th anniversary of the day when they entered their first Cup runner.
Cummings achieved 246 Group 1 victories and more than 776 stakes victories. In addition to their 12 Melbourne Cups, they won the Caulfield Cup seven times, the Golden Slipper Stakes four times, the Cox Plate five times, the VRC Oaks nine times and the Newmarket Handicap eight times. They also won the Australian Cup thirteen times.
Honours
1974 ABC Sportsman of the Year
1982 Made a Member of the Order of Australia for their services to the racing industry.
1991 11 December 1991, Cummings was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame.
1997 Named in National Trusts 100 Australian Living Legends (chosen by a national vote)
2000 Awarded a Centennial Medal and carried the Olympic Torch
2001 An inaugural inductee into the Australian Racing Hall of Fame .
2004 First licensed person to be made Lifetime member of Victoria Racing Club
2007 Australia Post placed their image on a postage stamp as part of its Australian Legends series.
2008 Racing NSW announced a new horse racing award to be known as The Bart Cummings Medal which will be awarded for 'consistent, outstanding performances amongst jockeys and trainers at New South Wales metropolitan race meetings through the racing season.
Melbourne Cup winners
In 1965, 1966, 1974, 1975, and 1991, Cummings trained both the first and second placed horses in the Melbourne Cup. In all, Cummings won twelve Melbourne Cups with eleven horses:
Light Fingers (1965)
Galilee (1966)
Red Handed (1967)
Think Big (1974 & 1975)
Gold and Black (1977)
Hyperno (1979)
Kingston Rule (1990)
Let's Elope (1991)
Saintly (1996)
Rogan Josh (1999)
Viewed (2008)
In February 2016 the Victoria Racing Club unveiled a precinct in honour of Cummings at Flemington Racecourse to be named Saintly Place. The Chairman said, We're extremely pleased that Bart endorsed this initiative, which importantly is in general admission and accessible to all,...Bart has generously bequeathed a collection of their trophies for public display at Flemington, and in time Saintly Place will become a permanent trackside museum dedicated to the Cups King. The large collection includes Saintly's Melbourne Cup and Bart's 12 Melbourne Cup trainer's trophies, as well as Caulfield Cups and Cox Plates.
Personal life and death
Born in the Adelaide suburb of Glenelg they attended the Marist Brothers' Sacred Heart College in Adelaide in the beachside suburb of Somerton Park. They left school at 14. Cummings met Valmae "Val" (died 12 January 2017) at a church social in Adelaide and they married in 1954. Like their parents Cummings was a practising Catholic and their faith played an important role in their lives They had five children, daughters Sharon (now Robinson), Anne-Marie (now Casey), and Margaret and sons John (deceased 2011) and Anthony. Their son Anthony and grandson James (who Bart made a partner in 2011) are also trainers, while second grandson Edward was a stable supervisor with Anthony. but has now been approved to train in partnership with Anthony.
Cummings authored a book Bart: My life which was published in 2009.
Cummings died on 30 August 2015 in Prince's Farm in Castlereagh NSW, two days after they and wife Valmae celebrated their 61st wedding anniversary. They were 87. Their family accepted an offer by the Premier of New South Wales, Mike Baird, of a state funeral, which took place on 7 September at St Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, on College Street, and was televised on Sky Thoroughbred Central, 7Two, ABC and Nine Network Australia from 10AM AEST.
Will dispute
On 28 October 2016 a dispute over Cummings will was heard in the New South Wales Supreme Court. The dispute was between Anthony with their sister Margaret who wanted the $30 million estate to be settled as per Cummings will. They have also taken the executor of the estate, accountant Aaron Ross Randell to court contesting their father's final will. In a separate action sisters Sharon and Anne-Marie were contesting the division of the estate. The judge Supreme Court Justice Francois Kunc ordered that the parties find someone who could act as an intermediary in mediation between the parties. They expected mediation to occur in December/January and the matter was to return to court in February 2017.
Mediation was under the control of eminent former appeal court judge Keith Mason, QC with the first meeting was scheduled for 30 November. The mediation over two days failed to resolve the dispute and Judge Philip Hallen ordered that the parties submit any further evidence by 30 January. A hearing was scheduled for 24 February when a date for a hearing was to be set. With the death of Bart's wife in early January 2017 the family "...will put aside all ill-will as they mourn the loss of their mother". No further stories regarding the estate have appeared in the media and the matter may have been settled privately.
Secret family controversy
In November 2016 two sisters in Adelaide, Kimberley and Julia Mander went public with a claim that Cummings was the father of their father, Peter Mander, from a relationship with their grandmother, Patricia Kilmartin. They allege that the couple were in a relationship for over a year and Patricia fell pregnant in mid-1951. The relationship ended and Lloyd Mander married Patricia and raised Peter as their son. They have engaged a lawyer and have asked for DNA tests for to confirm their story. They have stated that they are not interested in a financial claim on Cummings' estate.
Cummings daughter Sharon Robinson has said that they are happy to give a DNA sample and to meet the girls who would be their nieces if Bart Cummings is proved to be their grandfather.
References
External links
Trainer Profile: Bart Cummings at Horse Directory Australia
Australian Racing Museum and Hall of Fame
1927 births
2015 deaths
Horse trainers from Melbourne
Australian horse trainers
Australian racehorse owners and breeders
Australian Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Members of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
New Zealand Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Australian people of Irish descent
Australian Roman Catholics
People educated at Sacred Heart College, Adelaide
In real analysis, a branch of mathematics, Gautschi's inequality is an inequality for ratios of gamma functions. It is named after Walter Gautschi.
Statement
Let be a positive real number, and let . Then
History
In 1948, Wendel proved the inequalities
for and . They used this to determine the asymptotic behavior of a ratio of gamma functions. The upper bound in this inequality is stronger than the one given above.
In 1959, Gautschi independently proved two inequalities for ratios of gamma functions. Their lower bounds were identical to Wendel's. One of their upper bounds was the one given in the statement above, while the other one was sometimes stronger and sometimes weaker than Wendel's.
Consequences
An immediate consequence is the following description of the asymptotic behavior of ratios of gamma functions:
Proofs
There are several known proofs of Gautschi's inequality. One simple proof is based on the strict logarithmic convexity of Euler's gamma function. By definition, this means that for every and with and every , we have
Apply this inequality with , , and . Also apply it with , , and . The resulting inequalities are:
Rearranging the first of these gives the lower bound, while rearranging the second and applying the trivial estimate gives the upper bound.
Related inequalities
A survey of inequalities for ratios of gamma functions was written by Qi.
The proof by logarithmic convexity gives the stronger upper bound
Gautschi's original paper proved a different stronger upper bound,
where is the digamma function. Neither of these upper bounds is always stronger than the other.
Kershaw proved two tighter inequalities. Again assuming that and ,
Gautschi's inequality is specific to a quotient of gamma functions evaluated at two real numbers having a small difference. However, there are extensions to other situations. If and are positive real numbers, then the convexity of leads to the inequality:
For , this leads to the estimates
A related but weaker inequality can be easily derived from the mean value theorem and the monotonicity of .
A more explicit inequality valid for a wider class of arguments is due to Kečkić and Vasić, who proved that if , then:
In particular, for , we have:
Guo, Qi, and Srivastava proved a similar-looking inequality, valid for all :
For , this leads to:
References
Gautschi Walter, (1959), Some Elementary Inequalities Relating to the Gamma and Incomplete Gamma Function, Journal of Mathematics and Physics, 38, doi:10.1002/sapm195938177.
Gamma and related functions
Soft Samba Strings is a 1965 album by jazz arranger and vibraphonist Gary McFarland.
Reception
Douglas Payne reviewed the album for AllMusic and compared it dismissively to Soft Samba writing that it was "A misleading title that has less to do with Soft Samba and more to do with McFarland's similar feature for Zoot Sims (Waiting Game). Rather dull, perhaps because a strong soloist like Sims is missing".
Track listing
"Full Moon and Empty Arms" (Buddy Kaye, Ted Mossman) – 2:20
"Skylark" (Hoagy Carmichael, Johnny Mercer) – 3:00
"I Know The Meaning" (Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky) – 3:07
"Manhã de Carnaval (Morning of the Carnival)" (Luiz Bonfá, Antônio Maria) – 2:50
"The Lamp Is Low" (Bert Shefter, Mitchell Parish, Peter DeRose) – 4:55
"My Reverie" (Larry Clinton, Claude Debussy) – 2:50
"These Are the Things I Love" (Harold Barlow, Lew Harris) – 2:15
"Theme From "13"" (Gary McFarland) – 2:20
"Once We Loved" (McFarland) – 1:45
"Our Love" (Buddy Bernier, Larry Clinton, Robert D. Emmerich) – 2:20
Personnel
Gary McFarland - arranger, vibraphone, vocals
Jack Parnell – conductor
Production
Creed Taylor - producer
Pete Turner, Acy Lehmann - cover design
Rudy Van Gelder - engineer (Englewood Cliffs)
Jack Clegg – engineer (London)
Val Valentin - director of engineering
References
1967 albums
Albums arranged by Gary McFarland
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Bossa nova albums
Gary McFarland albums
Verve Records albums
In molecular biology, the CAS/CSE protein family is a family of proteins which includes mammalian cellular apoptosis susceptibility (CAS) proteins and yeast chromosome-segregation protein, CSE1. CAS is involved in both cellular apoptosis and proliferation. Apoptosis is inhibited in CAS-depleted cells, while the expression of CAS correlates to the degree of cellular proliferation. Like CSE1, it is essential for the mitotic checkpoint in the cell cycle (CAS depletion blocks the cell in the G2 phase), and has been shown to be associated with the microtubule network and the mitotic spindle, as is the protein MEK, which is thought to regulate the intracellular localization (predominantly nuclear vs. predominantly cytosolic) of CAS. In the nucleus, CAS acts as a nuclear transport factor in the importin pathway. The importin pathway mediates the nuclear transport of several proteins that are necessary for mitosis and further progression. CAS is therefore thought to affect the cell cycle through its effect on the nuclear transport of these proteins. Since apoptosis also requires the nuclear import of several proteins (such as P53 and transcription factors), it has been suggested that CAS also enables apoptosis by facilitating the nuclear import of at least a subset of these essential proteins.
Members of the CAS/CSE family of proteins have two domains. An N-terminal Cse1 domain, which contains HEAT repeats, and a C-terminal domain.
References
Protein families
Imerio Massignan (born 2 January 1937) is an Italian former professional road cyclist. A pure climber, they debuted as professional in the 1959 Giro d'Italia, classifying 5th overall. This was followed by a series of good placements in the subsequent editions, including a 2nd overall in the 1962 Giro behind Franco Balmamion.
At the Tour de France they won the Mountains classification in 1960 and 1961, when they also finished 4th overall. In the latter season they also obtained a second place in the Giro di Lombardia.
Massignan retired in 1969.
Major results
1959
Giro d'Italia:
5th place overall classification
1960
Tour de France:
Winner Mountains classification
10th place overall classification
Giro d'Italia:
4th place overall classification
1961
Tour de France:
Winner Mountains classification
Winner stage 16
4th place overall classification
Giro di Lombardia
2nd behind Vito Taccone
1962
Tour de France:
7th place overall classification
Giro d'Italia:
2nd place overall classification
Lavis
1963
Giro d'Italia:
7th place overall classification
1965
Giro d'Italia:
9th place overall classification
External links
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Vicenza
Italian Tour de France stage winners
1937 births
Living people
The 2004 SLC Twenty20 Tournament is the 1st season of the official Twenty20 domestic cricket competition in Sri Lanka. 15 teams in total, five representing four provinces of Sri Lanka and a Sri Lanka Schools XI team participating in the competition. The competition began on 17 August 2004, when Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club played the Police Sports Club at Colts Cricket Club Ground, Colombo.
This season comprised eight regular matches, four quarter finals, two semi finals and a final.
Teams
Fixtures
Round 1
Knockout stage
Quarter Final 1
Quarter Final 2
Quarter Final 3
Quarter Final 4
Semi Final 1
Semi Final 2
Final
References
External links
Tournament page – Cricinfo
Tournament page - Cricket Archive
Domestic cricket competitions in 2007–08
Inter-Provincial Twenty20
2007 in Sri Lankan cricket
2008 in Sri Lankan cricket
Foliose lichen is one of the morphological classes of lichens, which are complex organisms that arise from the symbiotic relationship between fungi and a photosynthetic partner, typically algae. This partnership allows lichen to live in diverse climates that can range from cold, dry mountains to wet, warm valleys. Lichens develop quite slowly with recorded growth rates of 0.01–27mm/year depending on the species. Their lifespan averages between 30 and 60 years.
Lichens have a main body part called the thallus, which is composed of hyphae, and houses the cortex and medulla. The cortex contains the photosynthetic cells while the medulla allows for gas exchange and makes up the bulk of the lichen's thallus. There are three main types of lichens: crustose, foliose, and fruticose. Foliose lichen are characterised by flattened leafy thalli, and an upper and lower cortex. Many have numerous layers, which are stratified, and aid in identifying different types.
Foliose lichens attach to surfaces by hyphae in the lower cortex with smaller root like structures called rhizines. Lichens play an important role environmentally. They provide a food source for many animals such as deer, goats, and caribou, and are used as building material for bird nests. Some species can even be used in antibiotics. They are also a useful indicator of atmospheric pollution level.
Pollution
There is a direct correlation between pollution and the abundance and distribution of lichen. Foliose lichens are extremely sensitive to sulphur dioxide, which is a by-product of atmospheric pollution. Sulphur dioxide reacts with the chlorophyll in lichen, which produces phaeophytin and magnesium ions. When this reaction occurs in plants the lichen will then have less chlorophyll causing a decrease in respiration which eventually kills the lichen.
Weathering of rocks
Minerals in rocks can be weathered by the growth of lichens on exposed rock surfaces. This can be attributed to both physical and chemical processes. Lichen can chemically weather minerals such as calcite by producing organic acids like oxalic acid. This reacts with minerals in the rock, dissolving them and weakening the rock. As a result of this many rocks that have or once had lichen growth exhibit extensive
surface corrosion. By-products of this weathering are poorly ordered iron oxides and amorphous alumino-silica gels, the neoformation of crystalline metal oxalates and secondary clay minerals. Lichen physically weather rocks by penetrating the rock's small crevasses with their rhizoids. The expansion and contraction of the roots causes smaller cracks to expand.
These combined processes – of chemical and physical weathering – also serve to deteriorate asphalt shingles, with foliose lichen byproducts dissolving the limestone (calcium carbonate) used as filler and their rhizoids expanding cracks which develop in the shingles over time.
Reproduction
The reproduction of foliose lichen can occur either asexually or sexually. The sexual reproduction requires both a fungal and photosynthetic partner. The photobiont once in symbionce with its fungal partner will not produce recognisable reproductive structures therefore it is up to the fungal partner to continue reproduction for the lichen. In order for lichen reproduction to take place the fungal partner must produce millions of germinating spores which fuse to form a zygote that must then also find a compatible photobiont. This photobiont will fuse with the zygote and live within the fungi creating a lichen. The fungal partner in most foliose lichen are ascomytes with spores called ascomata. The fruiting bodies of lichen typically make up one of two shapes. Apothecia which look like disk or cup shaped and produce their spores on their upper surface. And perithecia which are shaped like flasks that enclose a spore producing layer with a hole at the top ( Brodo, Sharnoff, and Sharnoff). Since sexual reproduction is inefficient, lichen will reproduce asexually by vegetative reproduction when possible. Foliose lichen use isidia which are cylindrical finger like protuberances from the upper cortex in which algal and fungal tissue is incorporated into. They are easily broken off and transported by wind where they will relocate and propagate forming a new lichen.
References
Lichenology
The large moth subfamily Lymantriinae contains the following genera beginning with V:
References
Lymantriinae
Lymantriid genera V
Polioptila is a genus of small insectivorous birds in the family Polioptilidae. They are found in North and South America.
The genus Polioptila was introduced by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1855. Although they listed several members, they did not specify a type species. This was designated by the American ornithologist Spencer Baird in 1864 as Montacilla caerulea, Linnaeus, now the blue-grey gnatcatcher, Polioptila caerulea. The name of the genus combines the Ancient Greek words πολιος polios "grey" and πτιλον "plumage".
The genus contains 17 species:
Rio Negro gnatcatcher, Polioptila facilis – split from P. guianensis
Guianan gnatcatcher, Polioptila guianensis
Slate-throated gnatcatcher, Polioptila schistaceigula
Para gnatcatcher, Polioptila paraensis – split from P. guianensis
Iquitos gnatcatcher, Polioptila clementsi – described in 2005
Inambari gnatcatcher, Polioptila attenboroughi – described in 2013
Tropical gnatcatcher, Polioptila plumbea
Creamy-bellied gnatcatcher, Polioptila lactea
Masked gnatcatcher, Polioptila dumicola
Cuban gnatcatcher, Polioptila lembeyei
Yucatan gnatcatcher, Polioptila albiventris
White-browed gnatcatcher, Polioptila bilineata – split from P. plumbea
Blue-grey gnatcatcher, Polioptila caerulea
Black-tailed gnatcatcher, Polioptila melanura
California gnatcatcher, Polioptila californica
Black-capped gnatcatcher, Polioptila nigriceps
White-lored gnatcatcher, Polioptila albiloris
References
Polioptilidae
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Darker than Amber is a 1970 film adaptation of John D. MacDonald's 1966 mystery/suspense novel, Darker than Amber. It was directed by Robert Clouse from a screenplay by MacDonald and Ed Waters.
The film starred Rod Taylor as Travis McGee, the protagonist of a series of successful novels by MacDonald. Darker than Amber and The Empty Copper Sea (adapted as the 1983 film Travis McGee starring Sam Elliott) remain the only McGee novels adapted to the big screen to date. The film also marked the final onscreen appearance of actor Jane Russell prior to their death in 2011, with the exception of a documentary appearance in 2007.
Critical reception was positive, but the film was not a financial success.
Plot
Travis McGee (Rod Taylor) and their close friend Meyer (Theodore Bikel) are fishing underneath a bridge in their coastal Florida home. To their shock a young woman is thrown off the bridge; they are bound and their ankles weighted with a dumbbell. Travis dives in and saves her, learning their name is Vangie.  They are surprised when they insist that they not contact the police and Travis finds themselves falling in love with the mysterious woman.
They gradually open up to Travis, admitting that they were nearly killed due to their involvement in a prostitution ring and a murder scheme. Vangie was part of a team that worked in male/female pairs on cruise ships: pretty young women lured rich lonely men and then drugged their drinks to rob them when they were passed out. The male partner, a sadistic bodybuilder named Terry (William Smith), throws the men overboard to drown. Vangie became a target when they objected to the murders, having been led to believe the men would only be robbed.
Despite Travis and Meyer's efforts to protect Vangie, Terry tracks them down and murders them Travis and Meyer then set out to dismantle the gang. They locate a woman named Merrimay, who bears a striking resemblance to Vangie. On a cruise ship, Travis poses as a wealthy man traveling alone, serving as bait for Terry and their new partner Del. Del approaches Travis and invites them to their room—but knowing their scheme they refuse to take the drinks they serve and warns that their life is in danger. Angry that Travis has located him, Terry, who was lying in wait in an adjoining room, savagely attacks Travis who is overwhelmed after wounding Terry.
Terry flees the cruise ship where Meyer and Merrimay are waiting at the pier. Merrimay, their hair dyed to closer resemble Vangie, calls out to Terry. Already bloodied by their fight with Travis, Terry goes berserk at the idea that Vangie survived and storms down the gangplank towards her, punching anyone in their way. Security guards try stopping Terry, but they only slow them until Travis appears and takes down the muscle-bound killer with a blow from a wooden 2x4.
The movie ends with Travis and Merrimay talking on their houseboat The Busted Flush. They ask if they still are in love with Vangie and hints that they might want a relationship with him, but McGee replies by saying they will need time to consider if they are ready for a new love in their life.
Cast
Production
Other actors considered for the role of Travis McGee were Jack Lord and Robert Culp. John D. MacDonald pushed for Steve McQueen or Vic Morrow. The movie was shot on location in Florida and Nassau.
Reception
Critical
Though it did not gross well in the box office, Darker than Amber earned many positive reviews. Roger Ebert gave the film 3.5 stars out of a possible 4. They wrote that Taylor, somewhat playing against type by showing more warmth than their usual taciturn performances, was well-cast as McGee and that the plot managed to transcend standard detective cliches to become "a surprisingly good movie". Howard Thompson of The New York Times also gave the film reserved praise, stating that the cinematography was "excellent" and that the film was "better than average for this type [of crime film]" and Smith was "a truly horrendous giant of a psycho", but that the screenplay lagged in parts despite the good material to work from (in the original novel), and that the real star of the film was its Florida setting.
MacDonald disliked the film calling it "feral, cheap, rotten, gratuitously meretricious, shallow and embarrassing."
The film played a rare theatrical screening at Anthology Film Archives in New York City, New York, on August 14, 2009.
Box office
The film recorded admissions of 17,351 in France.
The film recorded a loss of $2,958,251. Producer Jack Reeves had bought the rights for another McGee novel The Deep Blue Goodbye but it was decided not to proceed with it.
Fight scenes and rating
Initially rated R in the United States, in 1971 it was edited and re-rated GP (now PG). The film was considered graphically violent for its time, especially the fist fight scene that ends the film, between Rod Taylor's Travis Mcgee and the film's villain, Terry (played by William Smith). Director Steven Soderbergh said the fight's ferocity was considered "jaw dropping" for its era. With the cameras rolling Rod Taylor hit William Smith who retaliated in kind, and a staged fight scene became a real fight. Smith later reported that Taylor was "a very tough guy" who broke three of their ribs while they broke Taylor's nose.
After Darker Than Amber ran its course in theaters, both Rod Taylor and William Smith would reportedly be considered for the part of Caucasian martial artist Roper in the 1973 Bruce Lee blockbuster Enter the Dragon, which would also be helmed by Darker Than Amber director Robert Clouse. The role would ultimately go to John Saxon, however.
See also
List of American films of 1970
References
Bibliography
External links
1970 films
Travis McGee (novel series)
American detective films
Films based on American novels
Films based on works by John D. MacDonald
1970s English-language films
1970s mystery films
American mystery films
1970s American films
The Plattsburgh State Art Museum is part of the State University of New York at Plattsburgh in Plattsburgh, New York. The museum's concept of a "museum without walls", originated by French art theorist André Malraux, is to display its art collection around the university's campus. The permanent collection consists of over 4,600 works of art and artifacts, ranging from antiquities to contemporary art and sculpture. The collections are displayed in three main galleries, a sculpture court, and exhibition areas throughout the campus.
Exhibition spaces
Rockwell Kent Gallery
Located in the Feinberg Library, the Rockwell Kent Gallery is a permanent exhibition space for works done by artist Rockwell Kent, including painting, prints, drawings, dinnerware, and photographs, as well as displays of their personal items. The Plattsburgh State Art Museum owns one of the most completed collections of Rockwell Kent's work in the United States.
The gallery also displays works from the college's permanent collection, as well as changing exhibits of Kent's work.
Burke Gallery
The Burke Gallery is the museum's main space for changing exhibitions, including works from the museum's collections, works by contemporary artists, traveling exhibitions, faculty and student works. It is located in the Myers Fine Arts Building.
Myers Lobby Gallery
The Myers Lobby Gallery is located at the entrance of the Myers Fine Arts building and offers exhibitions that are student installations from the Studio Arts Program.
Nina Winkel Sculpture Court
Located in the Myers Fine Arts Building, the Nina Winkel Sculpture Court features sculptures in terracotta, stone, bronze and copper done by Nina Winkel (1905-1990). It is the largest permanent exhibition devoted to the work of one woman in the United States.
Plattsburgh Sculpture Park
This project is an outgoing development of a collection of monumental sculpture installations located around the campus. The Sculpture Terrace is an outside location in which presents annual or biannual exhibitions of contemporary sculpture. Most of the artwork on display on campus were created by students attending.
References
External links
State University of New York at Plattsburgh
Art museums and galleries in New York (state)
University museums in New York (state)
Museums in Clinton County, New York
University art museums and galleries in New York (state)
Rishikaa Singh Chandel (born 1 September 1995) is an Indian television actor who works in the television industry.  They are known for playing Damini as lead role in Doordarshan's Nayi Soch serial. Them father Yashwant Singh is a businessman and their mother Archana Singh is a housewife.
Early life
Rishikaa was born on the 01st September in the year 1995. They have done their schooling from S.D.S. Public School, Chhapra, Bihar. They have done Master in Journalism & Mass Communication from the Nalanda Open University, Patna, Bihar.  They are from Chhapra, Saran, Bihar.
Career
Rishikaa Singh Chandel made their television debut on Sony TV with CID in 2017. They then performed in Dulari serial on Doordarshan. They also acted in Bhabi Ji Ghar Par Hain on Colors TV, Savdhaan India on Life OK, Jai Santoshi Maa on &TV, Vidhya on Colors TV.
Currently, they have been portraying Damini in Doordarshan's Nayi Soch as a lead actor.
 They are playing the negative lead role in LovePanti in which their character's name is Sarita. This show is on air MxPlayer and Azaad TV .
Television
Awards and recognition
References
External links
Rishikaa Singh Chandel on Instagram
Rishikaa Singh Chandel on Facebook
Rishikaa Singh Chandel on koo
Rishikaa Singh Chandel on YouTube
Rishikaa Singh Chandel on Twitter
Indian television actores
Living people
1995 births
Mohammad Ahmed Al-Maharmeh is a retired Jordanian football player who played as a right back.
References
Al-Maharmeh: "Al-Faisaly (Amman) is the Leader and the Greatest"
Mohammad Al-Maharmeh Returns to Al-Wahdat SC After the End of Their Loan With Shabab Al-Ordon
External links
1984 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Jordan youth international footballers
Footballers at the 2006 Asian Games
Sahab SC players
Al-Wehdat SC players
Shabab Al-Ordon Club players
That Ras Club players
Al-Ramtha SC players
Jordanian Pro League players
Asian Games competitors for Jordan
Martin Kissinger Gantz (January 28, 1862 – February 10, 1916) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1891 to 1893.
Early life and career
Born in Bethel Township, Miami County, Ohio, Gantz attended the common schools and National Normal University, Lebanon, Ohio.
They were graduated from the Cincinnati Law School in 1883.
They were admitted to the bar in 1883 and commenced practice in Troy, Ohio.
They served as mayor of the city of Troy in 1889.
Congress
Gantz was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-second Congress (March 4, 1891 – March 3, 1893).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1892 to the Fifty-third Congress.
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law in Troy.
They served as commissioner from the State of Ohio to the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in 1904.
They served as delegate to all Democratic State conventions from 1892 to 1906.
They served as delegate to the 1908 Democratic National Convention.
They represented the United States State Department on the directorate of El Banco Nacional de Nicaragua y El Ferrocarril del Pacífico de Nicaragua in 1914 and 1915.
Death
They died in Troy, Ohio, February 10, 1916.
They were interred in Riverside Cemetery.
References
Sources
1862 births
1916 deaths
People from Miami County, Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Troy, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
National Normal University alumni
Mayors of places in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Jorge Antonio Serrano Elías (born 26 April 1945) is a Guatemalan politician who served as President of Guatemala from January 14, 1991 to June 1, 1993.
Life and career
Serrano was born 26 April 1945 in Guatemala City as the son of Jorge Adán Serrano and Rosa Elías, who was of Lebanese descent. After attending school in Switzerland they graduated in industrial engineering from the University of San Carlos, and then attended Stanford University in California, U.S., where they studied economic growth and gained a doctorate in education and science. They then returned to Guatemala to become a civil servant. In 1976 they collaborated with various American Protestant churches to help the population recover from the devastating earthquake that had afflicted the country. They then published a document describing the miserable conditions under which the indigenous population lived, which resulted in theirs receiving threats. They went into exile in the US, only returning in 1982, to work in the government of fellow evangelical General Efraín Ríos Montt as Vice President of the Advisory Board to the government.
In 1985 Serrano stood as presidential candidate for the Democratic Party of National Co-operation (PDCN) and the Revolutionary Party (PR), coming third with 12.6% of the vote. In September 1987 as the political parties representative they became one of the four members of the National Reconciliation Commission (CNR).
President (1991–1993)
Serrano became the presidential candidate for the Solidarity Action Movement (MAS) in the 1990 presidential elections. They lost the first round on November 11 with 24.1% of the vote, and won the second round against Jorge Carpio on January 6, 1991 with 68.1% of the vote. Carpio unsuccessfully tried to use Serrano's fundamentalist beliefs against them as a campaign issue.
On January 14, Serrano replaced Vinicio Cerezo as President of Guatemala. They were the second non-Catholic to gain power in Guatemala, after Ríos Montt. The transfer of power marked the first time in decades that an incumbent president had peacefully surrendered power to an elected opposition victor. As their party gained only 18 of 116 seats in Congress, Serrano entered into a tenuous alliance with the Christian Democrats and Carpio's National Union of the Center (UCN).
The Serrano administration's record was mixed. It had some success in consolidating civilian control over the army, replacing a number of senior officers and persuading the military to participate in peace talks with the URNG. They took the politically unpopular step of recognizing the sovereignty of Belize. The Serrano administration reversed the economic slide it inherited, reducing inflation and boosting real growth.
On May 25, 1993, Serrano sparked the 1993 Guatemalan constitutional crisis when they illegally suspended the constitution, dissolved Congress and the Supreme Court, imposed censorship and tried to restrict civil freedoms, allegedly to fight corruption. The attempted self-coup was similar to the one carried out by Peru's Alberto Fujimori. However, Serrano's action met with strong protests by most elements of Guatemalan society, at the forefront of which was the Siglo Veintiuno newspaper under the leadership of José Rubén Zamora. This was combined with international pressure, and the army's enforcement of the decisions of the Constitutional Court, which ruled against the attempted takeover. In the face of this pressure, Serrano resigned as president on June 1 and fled the country. They were replaced on an interim basis by their vice president, Gustavo Adolfo Espina Salguero. However, Espina was involved in Serrano's self-coup as well, and Congress replaced them with Human Rights Ombudsman Ramiro de León Carpio.
Post-presidency
Serrano now resides in Panama with their wife Magda Bianchi de Serrano. They have a set of twin sons and a son named Juan Pablo Serrano, as well as two daughters. They have three sisters, one of whom is Olga Stella Serrano de Salazar, who currently resides in Guatemala City with their husband, Rafael Salazar Farfan. Guatemala has made numerous unsuccessful attempts to have them extradited on charges of corruption. Jorge Serrano is involved in real estate as a developer and investor in Panama and the U.S. state of Florida.
References
External links
Presidents of Guatemala
1945 births
Living people
People from Guatemala City
Guatemalan people of Lebanese descent
Guatemalan Protestants
Stanford University alumni
Universidad de San Carlos de Guatemala alumni
20th-century Guatemalan people
Guatemalan expatriates in Panama
Collars of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Beginnings is the third album by Canadian pianist and composer David Braid, and the first to feature the duo they co-lead with clarinetist Phil Nimmons, Nimmons'n'Braid. It was recorded live in Dundas, Ontario in 2004. The album's track names and customizable artwork contain references to the seven notes of the musical alphabet.
Track listing
All music created spontaneously by Phil Nimmons and David Braid
"Ayy" 9:40
"Bee" 7:24
"Cee" 8:52
"Dee" 4:10
"Eeh" 10:28
"Eff" 10:31
"Gee" 7:43
Personnel
Phil Nimmons — clarinet
David Braid — piano
Production
Recording: Live direct to disc
Mastering: Andy Krehm
Artwork: Marc Lafoy, Phil Nimmons
2005 albums
David Braid albums
Shraga Har-Gil (Hebrew שרגא הר-גיל), (born Paul-Philipp Freudenberger; 19 September 1926, in Würzburg – 20 September 2009, in Würzburg) was a German-Israeli journalist, Middle East correspondent and a writer. They Hebraized their name to Har-Gil (Mount of Joy) in 1949.
Life
Har-Gil was the second son of a real estate agent whose family lived in Germany for centuries. Their mother was an Orthodox Jew, their father a Social Democrat. In 1935 the whole family fled the Gestapo and escaped to Mandatory Palestine. During the Second World-War they fought in the Jewish Brigade of the British Army and at the end of the War they fought for the Independence of Israel. They were severely wounded and was permanently handicapped, however this did not hinder them in attaining prominence in their literary career both as a journalist and an author of short stories.
They were the chief correspondent in the then biggest Israeli newspaper Maariv for twenty years and subsequently became Middle East correspondent for German, Austrian and a Luxemburg newspapers. Time and again they focused upon the problem of the Middle East conflict and the difficult way towards peace. "There is no peace because there is no confidence". They never stopped advocating for dialogue even with the Hamas: "You have to negotiate with enemies not with friends."
In their next career they set out to establish themselves as a literary writer with an emphasis on Judaica and Israel. In this capacity they made many lecture tours throughout Germany. They were invited repeatedly to lecture in Germany at the Jewish Culture-Festival in the Rhineland.
In 2009 Har-Gil was nominated for the Würzburg Peace Prize. They should be honored, because he, whose whole life first in Germany, then in Mandatory Palestine and Israel, was imprinted with the effects of anti-Semitism, hatred and wars, in spite of all they said: "I don't hate!" and they continued: "War is no solution, never!"
From 1999 Har-Gil and their German life partner Ulla Gessner, who became their co-author, lived together in Tel Aviv.
Books (selection)
Auserwählt und trotzdem heiter. Witze aus Israel, 1970 (hg. mit Uri Sela)
Alte Liebe rostet nie, Erzählungen aus Würzburg als die Nazizeit begann, 2004 (Vorwort H. Steidle)
Der schöne Busen der Nachbarin. Geschichten aus 50 Jahren Israel, 2006 (Vorwort P. Pagel)
Täubele, mein geliebtes Täubele. Jüdische Geschichten, 2008
Ein Witz geht um die Welt, in: Jüdischer Almanach "Humor" 2004 (Hg. Gisela Dachs)
Onkel Schlomo – ein ungewöhnlicher Jecke, ebd. "Die Jeckes" 2005
Movie
Die Kunst des Überlebens. Documentation about Har-Gil's life and love from Amir Har-Gil (son), 52 min. Israel 2003, Germany WDR 3 (Red. Felix Kuballa) 9. July 2004 (first broadcast)
External links
Radio broadcast from WDR, 10 September 2006 "The Jewish child in Würzburg"
Obituary.
Obituary, The Foreign Press Association in Israel
References
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Mandatory Palestine
Writers from Würzburg
1926 births
2009 deaths
Israeli journalists
Mandatory Palestine military personnel of World War II
Jewish Brigade personnel
20th-century journalists
James Monroe Ritchie (July 28, 1829August 17, 1918) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1881 to 1883. They were the father of Byron Foster Ritchie.
Biography
Born in Dunfermline, Scotland, Ritchie immigrated to the United States in 1832 with their parents, who settled in St. Lawrence County, New York. Their early schooling was limited and they received instruction at home from their father and mother.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1858 and commenced practice in Toledo, Ohio.
They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1880.
Congress
Ritchie was elected as a Republican to the Forty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1881 – March 3, 1883).
They were not a candidate for renomination in 1882.
Later career and death
They again resumed the practice of their profession in Toledo, Ohio, and died there August 17, 1918.
They were interred in Grafton Cemetery, Grafton, Ohio.
Sources
1829 births
1918 deaths
People from Dunfermline
Politicians from Toledo, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
British emigrants to the United States
19th-century American politicians
Lawyers from Toledo, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The wise woman of Abel is an unnamed figure in the Hebrew Bible. They appear in 2 Samuel 20, when Joab pursues the rebel Sheba to the city of Abel-beth-maachah. The woman, who lives in Abel, institutes a parley with Joab, who promises to leave the city if Sheba is handed over to him. The woman speaks to the people of the city, and they behead Sheba, throwing their head over the wall, at which Joab departs.
Susan Pigott notes that, like Abigail, the wise woman "prevents undue violence and bloodshed."
According to an Aggadic Midrash, the wise woman of Abel was Serah bat Asher, a person living around 650 years earlier.
See also
Woman of Tekoa
References
Books of Samuel people
Biblical figures in rabbinic literature
Women in the Hebrew Bible
Unnamed people of the Bible
Joe Biden, the 46th and current president of the United States, has made 7 international trips to 12 countries (in addition to visiting the West Bank) during their presidency so far, which began on January 20, 2021.
Summary
The number of visits per country where President Biden traveled are:
One: Germany, Israel, Italy, Japan, Poland, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland, Vatican City and the disputed West Bank
Two: Belgium
Five: United Kingdom
2021
2022
Future trips
The following international trips are scheduled to be made by Joe Biden:
Multilateral meetings
Multilateral meetings of the following intergovernmental organizations are scheduled to take place during Biden's term in office.
See also
List of presidential trips made by Joe Biden
Foreign policy of the Joe Biden administration
List of international trips made by Antony Blinken as United States Secretary of State
References
Trips, international
21st century-related lists
21st century in international relations
Biden, Joe, international
Geography-related lists
Joe Biden-related lists
Madamigella di Maupin is a 1966 Italian adventure film directed by Mauro Bolognini. It is loosely based on the life of Mademoiselle de Maupin and the novel with the same name by Théophile Gautier.
Cast
Catherine Spaak as Magdeleine de Maupin
Robert Hossein as Capitain Alcibiade
Tomas Milian as Cavaliere d'Albert
Mikaela as Rosetta Durand
Angel Alvarez as Monsieur de Maupin
Ottavia Piccolo as Princess Ninon
Manolo Zarzo as The Sergeant
References
External links
''Le Chevalier de Maupin '' Filmographie Pathé
1965 films
1960s adventure films
Films directed by Mauro Bolognini
Films based on French novels
Films set in the 1690s
Films set in the 1700s
Films set in France
Italian swashbuckler films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
Branko Kovačević (, born 27 February 1967) is a Serbian volleyball coach.  They are currently the head coach of Olympiacos Piraeus women's volleyball team and the assistant coach of Serbia women's national volleyball team.
International career
Branko Kovačević was the assistant coach of the Serbian women's national volleyball team who won the Olympic silver medal at Rio 2016, and the 2011 CEV Volleyball European Championship at Belgrade as well.
Club career
Under their guidance, Olympiacos Piraeus have won 3 Hellenic Championships (2015–16, 2016–17, 2017-18), 3 Hellenic Cups (2016, 2017, 2018) and the CEV Women's Challenge Cup in 2017–18. The Piraeus team also reached the final of the same competition in 2016–17.
Honours
Head coach
European
CEV Women's Challenge Cup
Winner: 2017-18 with Olympiacos Piraeus
Runner-up: 2016-17 with Olympiacos Piraeus
Domestic
2015/2016 Hellenic Championship (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Championship (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2017/2018 Hellenic Championship (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Championship (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2015/2016 Hellenic Cup (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Cup (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2017/2018 Hellenic Cup (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Cup (Women's), with Olympiacos Piraeus
Assistant coach
2016 Olympic Games - Silver Medal
2011 Women's European Volleyball Championship - Golden Medal
References
External links
Branko Kovačević profile at worldofvolley.com
An amazing presence in the CEV Challenge Cup! (Silver Medal with Olympiacos in 2017 Challenge Cup) www.olympiacossfp.gr
The Triumph in Bursa in 2018 www.olympiacossfp.gr
1967 births
Living people
Serbian volleyball coaches
Olympiacos Women's Volleyball coaches
is a Japanese manga by Maekawa Tsukasa, originally published in the mid-1980s. The title roughly translates to "Greater Tokyo Poverty Living Manual", and is an apt description of the comic's premise.
The story
The protagonist of Dai-Tokyo is Kōsuke, a college graduate who decides to live a simple 'no frills' lifestyle on little money in the Greater Tokyo Area. They have no full-time employment, and instead works only part-time jobs and does chores around the neighborhood in exchange for goods and services. They spend their free time enjoying life's simple pleasures, reading, conversing with neighbors, and going out with their girlfriend. In this way Kōsuke breaks many traditions of Japanese society, such as not taking on the role of salaryman and striving for personal economic betterment. Despite this, Kōsuke is well respected and liked by their neighbors and friends, even if they do find them and their philosophy a bit peculiar. In the end, Kōsuke's philosophy of mixing 'poor' living with intellect and traditional Japanese values affirms much of Japanese culture and its traditions, rather than tears them down.
Use of the word binbō
In the title of, and throughout the manga, Maekawa chose to spell the Japanese word for poverty, binbō, using katakana instead of the usual kanji for two reasons. First, using katakana instead of a more traditional spelling gives a word a stronger emphasis (similar to italicizing or bolding a word in English). Second, using katakana can indicate that a word's usage does not fall into the traditional meaning or sense of the word. The katakana lends emphasis since the manga revolves around Kōsuke's 'poor lifestyle', and it differentiates their lifestyle (which they explicitly chose for himself) from the usual definition of poverty. So despite there being a common and easily recognizable kanji compound for binbō (貧乏), a katakana spelling is used instead (ビンボー).
'Binbō' as a philosophy
The very first page of the manga declares its philosophy: an army of characters from the manga holding up miniature Japanese flags yelling, "Extravagance is the enemy!" (ゼイタクは敵だ!! Zeitaku wa teki da!!). Two banners are held up in the background exclaiming, "Poverty is fashion" (ビンボーはファションだ Binbou wa fashon da) and,
"Poverty is an ideology, it is life itself" (ビンボーは思想だ 人生そのものだ Binbou wa shisou da / Jinsei sono mono da).
Maekawa's use of the Japanese flag is to show that the image most associated with Japan—that of the hardworking, self-sacrificing, upwardly mobile Japanese salaryman—is not all there is to life in Japan. It is at the same time a condemnation of the excessive luxury and rampant consumption of much of the Japanese dominant society, and a championing of those left out of mainstream Japanese society. (Indeed, the first chapter's title announces, "I'm an ally of the poor man" (私、ビンボー人の味方です Watashi, binbou-jin no mikata desu).) Their message that you don't have to have a lot of money and material goods to make yourself happy is repeated again and again throughout the story.
The manga's binbō philosophy can be seen as similar to the voluntary simplicity movement, despite Maekawa's somewhat different reasons for rejection of a consumerist lifestyle.
Dai-Tokyo as a living guide
Although Dai-Tokyo's main concern may be entertainment and political statement, it also serves as a how-to guide for pulling off a successful and happy poor lifestyle. The entire second page of the manga is devoted to examples of 'cheap living', with several practical instances given, including ways to save money on food, drink, shoes, clothing accessories, and others. More examples are sprinkled throughout the rest of the manga as story elements. Outside of specific money-saving examples, many free or cheap activities, including games, cultural events, festivals, and so on are portrayed throughout the manga.
Despite the manga's Japan-only availability, at least one writer has recommended Dai-Tokyo to people traveling to Japan as a good guide on how to enjoy their stay without spending too much.
Publication
There have been no official English translations of the manga as a whole (and thus no official English title), but Mangajin has translated several chapters in their magazine and small portions of it (a panel at a time) for use in various books as a teaching aid for those learning Japanese.
The original Japanese manga first appeared in the weekly manga Morning (モーニング) from March 1986 to October 1989. A total of 167 episodes appeared during this time, and two new episodes were written for the 2005 reprint. It has been collected in five volumes (tankōbon) twice, and again most recently as a two volume set:
Wide KC Morning (ワイドKCモーニング)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 1 (1987)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 2 (1988)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 3 (1988)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 4 (1989)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 5 (1989)
Kodansha Manga Library (講談社まんが文庫 Kōdansha Manga Bunko)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 1 (1995)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 2 (1995)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 3 (1995)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 4 (1995)
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual Vol. 5 (1995)
Kodansha
Dai-Tokyo Binbou Seikatsu Manual Vol. 1 (2005)
Dai-Tokyo Binbou Seikatsu Manual Vol. 2 (2005)
References
1986 manga
Manga series
Seinen manga
Marko Vujič (born 25 July 2000) is a professional Serbian footballer who currently plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce as a defender.
Club career
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
Vujič made their Fortuna Liga debut for ViOn Zlaté Moravce at ViOn Aréna against AS Trenčín on 7 November 2020. Vujič came on in the 84th minute as a replacement for David Hrnčár, with the final score of 5:0 already set, following goals by Hrnčár, Kovaľ and a hat-trick by Balaj.
References
External links
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce official club profile
Futbalnet profile
Fortuna Liga profile
2000 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
FK Teleoptik players
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
Serbian League players
Slovak Super Liga players
Kars is a civil parish in Kings County, New Brunswick, Canada.
For governance purposes it forms the local service district of the parish of Kars, which is a member of Regional Service Commission 8 (RSC8).
Origin of name
The parish was named for the Siege of Kars, last major operation of the Crimean War.
History
Kars was erected in 1860 from Greenwich and Springfield Parishes.
In 1877 the islands in Belleisle Bay were added to Kars.
Boundaries
Kars Parish is bounded:
on the northwest by the Queens County line;
on the east by the eastern line of three grants, beginning on the county line about 900 metres northeast of the ends of Bond Road and McCrea Road, then running southeasterly, with two short doglegs, past Vail Road to strike Belleisle Bay about 450 metres east of the eastern end of Coreyvale Road;
on the south by Belleisle Bay;
on the west by the Saint John River;
including Hog Island and Pig Island near the mouth of Belleisle Bay and Ghost Island in the bay.
Governance
The entire parish forms the local service district of the parish of Kars, established in 1968 to assess for fire protection. Recreational facilities were added in 2001 and non-fire related rescue in 2012. First aid and ambulance services (1972—2001) and community services (1986—2001) were formerly included.
Communities
Communities at least partly within the parish.
Beulah
Earle Wharf
Kars
Lower Kars
Tennants Cove
Bodies of water
Bodies of water at least partly in the parish.
Belleisle Bay
Saint John River
Islands
Islands at least partly in the parish.
Ghost Island
Hog Island
Pig Island
Demographics
Population
Population trend
Language
Mother tongue (2016)
Access Routes
Highways and numbered routes that run through the parish, including external routes that start or finish at the parish limits:
Highways
none
Principal Routes
None
Secondary Routes:
External Routes:
None
See also
List of parishes in New Brunswick
Notes
References
Parishes of Kings County, New Brunswick
Local service districts of Kings County, New Brunswick
Edson Baldwin Olds (June 3, 1802 – January 24, 1869) was a three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio. During the American Civil War, they were a leading member of the Peace Democrats. They were the great-grandfather of United States Army Air Forces Maj. Gen. Robert Olds, and the great-great grandfather of United States Air Force Brig. Gen. Robin Olds.
Early life
Born in Marlboro, Vermont, Olds completed preparatory studies. They moved to Ohio about 1820 and taught school. They were graduated from the medical department of the University of Pennsylvania in 1824 and commenced the practice of medicine in Kingston, Ohio, in 1824. They moved to Circleville, Ohio, in 1828 and continued practice until 1837, when they engaged in the general produce business and mercantile pursuits.
Start of political career
They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1842, 1843, 1845, and 1846. They served in the Ohio Senate 1846–1848 and was its presiding officer in 1846 and 1847.
Olds was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Congresses (March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1855). They served as chairperson of the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads (Thirty-second and Thirty-third Congresses). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1854 to the Thirty-fourth Congress. They moved to Lancaster, Ohio, in 1857.
American Civil War
During the Civil War, Olds was outspoken in their opposition to the policies of the Radical Republicans. On July 27, 1862, an unnamed resident of Lancaster, Ohio sent Governor David Tod a letter about Olds. In the letter, they accused Olds of discouraging enlistments. They attributed a statement to Olds accusing the government of “tyranny engaged in a war to destroy the Union, overthrow the Constitution, and liberate the slaves.” Tod sent a copy of the letter to William H. Seward. In their letter to Seward, Tod stated that Olds was a “shrewd, cunning man, with capacity for great mischief, and should at once be put out of the way.”
Olds was arrested by military authorities on August 12, 1862. They were confined at Fort Lafayette. They refused to take an oath of allegiance and was discharged on December 15, 1862. Olds was reputed to have said about Tod in one of their speeches: “the Governor would like to send the Democrats to the war, so as to keep them away from the polls, and retain Republicans at home, in order to save their votes for the party.”
Olds suffered from bouts of acute dysentery and was recuperating at the time of their arrest. While in prison, they were again elected a member of the Ohio House of Representatives. After their release from prison, Olds served in the house from 1862 to 1866. Following their retirement from political life, they resumed their various mercantile pursuits.
Death and burial
Edson Baldwin Olds died in Lancaster, January 24, 1869, and was interred in Forest Cemetery at Circleville.
Family
In 1824 Olds married Anna Maria Carolus. They had three sons, Mark Lafayette Olds (1828), a lawyer and Episcopalian minister of Christ Church in Washington, D.C.; Joseph Olds (1832), a lawyer and judge in Columbus, Ohio, and Edson Denny Olds (1834), a physician and surgeon in the Mexican Army; and three daughters, Rosalthe (1830), Mary (1836), and Lucy (1839). Another son and two daughters died in infancy. Their brother was Chauncey N. Olds.
References
1802 births
1869 deaths
People from Marlboro, Vermont
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Presidents of the Ohio State Senate
People from Circleville, Ohio
People from Lancaster, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Physicians from Ohio
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania alumni
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Ohio
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Sunderland International Airshow is the biggest free annual airshow in Europe, held at the Roker and Seaburn seafronts. It takes place over the course of three days, usually the final weekend in July (Friday to Sunday), and attracts around 2,000,000 spectators every year. The airshow features a large number of planes, including the Red Arrows and the Eurofighter Typhoon. In addition to the planes, the seafront plays host to a range of food counters, stalls and fairground games. The Royal Navy traditionally have a warship off the coast every year, usually , the adopted warship of Sunderland, however in 2007, made an appearance instead as HMS Ocean had other commitments. The airshow was first held in 1989 as a single day show, and was planned to be a one-off event, when it attracted 250,000 spectators. Due to its success, from 1991 it became a two-day show, and subsequently three days. Due to thick fog and mist in 2008 the airshow was cancelled. The display was also postponed in 2020 & 2021 because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Some aviation fans stayed the whole weekend. The Friday night launch, which started back in 2010, shows sunset displays for the majority of the night, but the night is rounded off with gliders with sparklers (used in fireworks) during the "settling down" period, and then a large firework display ends it all.
Affiliations
Newcastle International Airport was used as the main base for the displaying aircraft up until 2007 and again from 2014 as Teesside International Airport (the interim base for all but the more prestigious displaying aircraft 2007–14) was going into decline, and as well it seemed right to depart from Newcastle Airport, as they are an official sponsor of the event.
The Green Airshow
In 2007 Sunderland City Council teamed up with Gentoo and CarbonNeutral North East to reduce and offset all the emissions caused by staging the two-day show.
There was a Green Village with many environmental stalls.
Highlights
The show has had many highlights over the years, including:
Red Arrows
Eurofighter Typhoon
Black Cats (Royal Navy)
Harrier GR9
The Blades (aerobatic team)
F-16
The Battle of Britain Memorial Flight
The RAF Falcons
Royal Marines Role Demo – 6 Assault Squadrons
RAF Chinook Display Team – Personnel from 18 and 27 Squadrons
Eastern Airways BAe Jetstream 41 North East England Livery
Catalina
Gallery
References
External links
Official Website
Official Facebook page for Sunderland International Airshow
YouTube: Highlights from Sunderland International Airshow 2012
Sunderland Live organises the Sunderland International Airshow on behalf of Sunderland City Council
Airshows in the United Kingdom
Tourist attractions in the City of Sunderland
Annual events in England
1988 establishments in England
Recurring events established in 1988
Events in Tyne and Wear
Sunderland
The 2019–20 season was the 74th season in HNK Rijeka's history. It was their 29th successive season in the Croatian First Football League, and 46th successive top tier season.
Competitions
Overall
Last updated: 1 August 2020.
HT Prva liga
Classification
Results summary
Results by round
Results by opponent
Source: 2019–20 Croatian First Football League article
Matches
HT Prva liga
Source: Croatian Football Federation
Croatian Cup
Source: Croatian Football Federation
UEFA Europa League
Source: uefa.com
Croatian Super Cup
Friendlies
Pre-season
On-season (2019)
Mid-season
On-season (2020)
Player seasonal records
Updated 1 August 2020. Competitive matches only.
Goals
Source: Competitive matches
Clean sheets
Source: Competitive matches
Disciplinary record
Source: nk-rijeka.hr
Appearances and goals
Source: nk-rijeka.hr
Suspensions
Penalties
Overview of statistics
Transfers
In
Source: Glasilo Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza
Out
Source: Glasilo Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza
Spending: €850,000
Income: €3,900,000
Expenditure: €3,050,000
Notes
References
2019-20
Croatian football clubs 2019–20 season
2019–20 UEFA Europa League participants seasons
Katarzyna Mary "Kasia" Lipka (born 26 May 1993) is a retired English footballer who played as a midfielder for Sheffield United in the FA Women's Championship.
Career
After spending a decade of their youth career at Sheffield United, Lipka spent eight years with Doncaster Rovers Belles and signed their first professional contract with the club in December 2015.
Lipka went on to sign with FA Women's Super League team Sunderland in September 2017.
Following a season out with injury, Lipka returned to Sheffield United ahead of the 2019–20 season.
International
Lipka was part of the gold medal-winning Team GB at the 2013 Summer Universiade held in Kazan, Russia.
References
External links
Kasia Lipka profile at the official Football Association website
Doncaster Rovers Belles player profile
Living people
English women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
England women's under-23 international footballers
1993 births
Women's Super League players
Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. players
Sunderland A.F.C. Ladies players
Footballers from Sheffield
FA Women's National League players
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Sheffield United W.F.C. players
Universiade gold medalists for Great Britain
Universiade medalists in football
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Women's Championship (England) players
England women's youth international footballers
Roslyn Dundas (born 28 July 1978) is a former Australian politician. They were an Australian Democrats member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly from 2001 to 2004, when they were defeated in a bid for re-election. Until Kelly Vincent's election to the South Australian Legislative Council in 2010, Dundas was the youngest woman ever elected to an Australian parliament.
Dundas was born and raised in Canberra, and studied at Australian National University. While there, they became heavily involved in both student politics and community organisations, becoming the ACT Co-ordinator of the Young Women's Electoral Lobby in 1998. They served on the Management Committee of the Women's Centre for Health Matters, and on the General Committee of the ACT Council of Social Service.
In 2000, Dundas became the National Secretary of the Young Australian Democrats movement, and National Convenor of the Democrat Students. In the same year, they were also secretary of the university student body, a member of the party executive in the ACT, and the founding co-convenor of the Vida Women's Network - an attempt to form a Democrat version of EMILY's List Australia. During the year, they also served on the Women's Committee of the National Union of Students. In September 2000 they unsuccessfully ran for President of the Australian National University Students' Association, as the leader of a combined Democrat/Liberal election ticket.
Dundas worked as an organiser for the Community and Public Sector Union for several months in 2001, before gaining the top position on the Democrat ticket for the seat of Ginninderra in the ACT Legislative Assembly. They were subsequently elected, defeating conservative independent Dave Rugendyke. This made them the youngest woman elected to an Australian parliament, as well as the first Democrat to be elected in the ACT.
Once elected to the Assembly, Dundas actively campaigned for increased government accountability, the environment, and women's rights. They supported a bill which liberalised the ACT's laws relating to abortion, and introduced a Private Member's Bill supporting the use of open source software. Roslyn Dundas stood in the left wing of the party, along with the likes of Senators Natasha Stott Despoja and Brian Greig. Over the next three years, they developed a significant public profile. They also preserved Jon Stanhope's Labor Party government by downgrading a no-confidence motion to a censure motion. However, in 2004 Dundas lost the seat to the Labor Party's Mary Porter.
After leaving the Legislative Assembly, Dundas worked as the ACT director of Ausdance. In late 2007 they became an advisor to the ACT Children and Young People's Commissioner. They took up the position of director of the ACT Council of Social Service in 2008. Dundas became the CEO of Ausdance in January 2013.
References
1978 births
Living people
Australian Democrats members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Women members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
People from Canberra
Australian National University alumni
21st-century Australian politicians
21st-century Australian women politicians
The Sanctuary of the Madonna del Ruscello, also known as Santa Maria del Ruscello or the Santuario di Maria Santissima del Ruscello dei Donatori di Sangue is a Baroque-style, Roman Catholic church located on Piazza A. Xerry De Caro #13 in the town of Vallerano, province of Viterbo, region of Lazio, Italy.
History
In 1604, the local parish priest Don Vittore Petrucci had contracted a local painter, named Stefano Minicucci, to restore a poorly-conserved medieval fresco depicting the Virgin and Child, housed in a small road-side chapel, standing beside a small stream or rivulet (ruscello). while repainting the mouth of the Virgin, on 5 July 1604, putatively blood emerged from their lips. Alerted, the local archpriest Don Pietro Janni sent word to the bishop, Monsignor Andrea Longo, located in Civita Castellana. The word of the miracle spread, and by March of 1605, funds had been raised to begin construction of this church. The design of the church is said to have been formulated by local architects based on designs by Jacopo Barozzi da Vignola (who had died in 1573). Funds for the construction were also afforded by Cardinal Odoardo Farnese, whose family had become Dukes of Parma and Piacenza, and in 1536 obtained these lands for the Duchy.
The late mannerist or baroque facade stands at the end of a piazza flanked by a series of shops, with broad arched doors. In the past, these housed businesses selling and servicing pilgrims, as the church was conveniently located on a pilgrimage route to Rome. The facade is made from grey peperino stone and brick. The portal has ionic columns holding a tympanum with a 15th century marble sculpture of the Virgin and Child. The portal is flanked by Corinthian pilasters supporting a stone frieze decorated with garlands and cherubs. The lilies among the garlands were symbols of the Farnese family. The theme is repeated in the second story, with a central image of a descending dove (symbol of the holy spirit), and in the tympanum, God the Father. The second story has four coats of arms representing various donors. The roof-line of the facade is flanked by statues of Saints Peter and Paul standing atop volute scrolls.
The inner oak door has a number of sculpted wood panels. The layout is that of a Latin Cross with four side chapels. The crossing has a frescoed cupola. The chapels were independently sponsored by the Paesani (first on right), Janni, Marcucci, and Farnese families. The first chapel on the right (Paesani) has an altarpiece depicting Virgin and Child with Saints by the circle of Giovanni Lanfranco. The chapel has fresco and stucco decorations. The second chapel on the right (Janni) is also decorated in a baroque fashion, with a main altarpiece of a painted 17th century crucifix. The first chapel on the left (Marcucci) has a polychrome marble altar with a canvas of The Annunciation by Girolamo Troppa. The Farnese chapel, second on the left, was dedicated to Santa Barbara. The main altarpiece, depicting the Glory of the Virgin with Saints John the Evangelist and Barbara in Ecstasy, is attributed to Giovanni Lanfranco.
The crossing has a dome erected in 1620 by the architect Giovanni Maria Benazzini; the cupola was frescoed by Giuseppe Bastiani, and depicts the four evangelists.
In 1993, the Madonna of Ruscello was recognized as patron of the blood donors.
References
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Churches in the province of Viterbo
Baroque architecture in Lazio
Tramway Oval, also known as Lakeside Oval, is a multi-purpose public sports ground located in Moore Park, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales. The oval is a premium sports facility in the Centennial Parklands, located immediately west of the Sydney Cricket Ground and south of Kippax Lake on an approximately semicircular grassy wedge between Driver Avenue and the CBD and South East Light Rail which runs along Anzac Parade.
Tramway Oval is primarily used as a training ground for professional clubs who use the nearby Sydney Cricket Ground and Sydney Football Stadium, particularly the Sydney Swans Australian rules football club (including its junior academy) and the New South Wales Waratahs rugby union club. Spectator facilities at the venue are minimal.
The construction of the light rail along Anzac Parade in the mid-2010s reduced the width of the oval to only 101m wide, well short of the minimum width for an Australian rules football oval. A redevelopment of the surface finishing in 2019 saw its size increased to match that of Melbourne's Docklands Stadium, and made the venue suitable for state level Australian rules football. The Sydney Swans reserves team now plays its competitive matches in the Victorian Football League (and previously in the North East Australian Football League) on the ground.
References
North East Australian Football League grounds
Victorian Football League grounds
Multi-purpose stadiums in Australia
Sports venues in Sydney
Herbert Doyan Welch, Jr. (born January 12, 1961 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American football safety in the National Football League (NFL) for the New York Giants, Washington Redskins, and the Detroit Lions. They also played in the World League of American Football (WLAF) for the Sacramento Surge. Welch played college football at the University of California, Los Angeles and was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1985 NFL Draft.
External links
1961 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Cerritos Falcons football players
UCLA Bruins football players
New York Giants players
Washington Redskins players
Detroit Lions players
Sacramento Surge players
For the Dublin athletic club, see Clonliffe Harriers
Clonliffe () is an area on the Northside of Dublin, Ireland, between Ballybough and Drumcondra in the D03 postal district. Clonliffe Road, previously known as Fortick's Lane, is a wide thoroughfare that forms the central artery of the area. It is nearly a mile long. Near the area's border with Drumcondra there is an entrance to Holy Cross College, and to the grounds of the residence of the Archbishop of Dublin.
The main access to Croke Park GAA sports ground is from Jones Road, the principal turn-off on the south side of Clonliffe Road. In the mid-19th century, it was proposed that a university be located at Clonliffe.
The grounds of Clonliffe College form a large portion of the area.
In the Middle Ages Clonliffe was famous for its holy well, which was an object of pilgrimage.
References
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
Christianity in Dublin (city)
Keith Pavitt (January 13, 1937, in London – December 20, 2002, in Lewes, East Sussex) was an English scholar in the field of Science and Technology Policy and Innovation Management. They were professor of Science and Technology Policy at the Science Policy Research Unit (SPRU) of the University of Sussex from 1984 to their death.
Biography
Keith Pavitt grew up in Hackney, London. In 1948 they graduated to Hackney Downs School (formerly The Grocers' Company's School). They won an Open Exhibition for Mathematics at Trinity College, Cambridge in the Autumn of 1954. During National Service, they qualified as an RAF pilot. At Cambridge they obtained a First in Engineering in 1959 and was Senior Scholar at Trinity College. They won a fellowship in economics and public policy at Harvard University in 1960-1961. After leaving Harvard, Pavitt began research at the OECD on science and engineering-related public policy. After a year at Princeton University, Pavitt moved to Sussex University in 1971, becoming the Reginald Phillips Professor of Science and Technology Policy in 1984. They received a Laurea Honoris Causa from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid.
Contributions to science and technology policy
Keith Pavitt pioneered new methods to measure innovation and technical change. Together with Pari Patel and Luc Soete, they developed the use of patents as a science and technology indicator. In the early 1980s, they also developed, together with Joe Townsend and other colleagues, a comprehensive database of innovations introduced in the UK since the end of the war. This database was used by several scholars and it is still a milestone in innovation measurement. Together with Roy Rothwell, they also developed the theory and practice of innovation management.
As co-editor of academic journal Research Policy. They contributed to enhance its reputation to become the most influential publication in the field.
Pavitt's taxonomy
The single most important contribution provided by Pavitt to the economics of innovation is their taxonomy of innovating firms. Pavitt argued that the sources and purposes of innovation are sector-specific. On the ground of an impressive knowledge of industrial innovation, Pavitt's Taxonomy suggests that firms can be divided into four broad categories: supplier dominated firms, i.e. those firms that acquire their technical expertise from their suppliers, specialised suppliers, especially in the field of equipment and capital goods, which provide the innovations to other firms, scale intensive firms, where the innovation is associated to scale, and science-based firms, which innovate through their internal R&D laboratories. In subsequent versions of their taxonomy, Pavitt added up also the category of information intensive firms, where the most important source to innovate is the use of data. These firms included firms in the software as well as in advanced services such as banking and retailing. Pavitt's Taxonomy has been widely applied in industrial economics and science policy and it is also used for industrial statistics. Originally developed for the manufacturing sector, is now increasingly applied also to the service economy.
Legacy
Keith Pavitt was a crucial figure, together with their mentor Chris Freeman, to make SPRU a centre of international excellence in the field of innovation studies, with close collaboration with colleagues from all continents. They collaborated closely with Belgian economist Luc Soete, with Italian social scientist Giovanni Dosi, and they kept a strong intellectual link with the American economist Richard R. Nelson. A large number of papers were co-authored with the Indian economist Pari Patel. They also supervised and worked with several economists of innovation and science policy scholars, including Giorgio Sirilli, Ben Martin, Mike Hobday, Ian Miles, José Molero Zayas, Luigi Orsenigo, Daniele Archibugi, Jan Fagerberg, and Diana Hicks.
For their retirement, their colleagues organised a major Conference in honour of Keith Pavitt "What do we know about innovation?". Unexpectedly, Pavitt died several months before the Conference was held. The Conference became a major tribute to their life and works. The most important scholars in the field of science and technology policy attended it at SPRU, University of Sussex, on 12–15 November 2003,
The Library of the Science Policy Research Unit and the Laboratorio di Economia dell'Innovazione of the University of Florence are named after him.
Works by Keith Pavitt
Joe Tidd, John Bessant and Keith Pavitt, Managing Innovation: Integrating Technological, Market and Organizational Change, 3rd Edition, John Wiley, Hoboken, NJ, 2005,
Keith Pavitt, Technology, Management and Systems of Innovation, Edward Elgar, Cheltenham, 1999 (a collection of the most influential papers).
Giovanni Dosi, Keith Pavitt, Luc Soete, The Economics of Technical Change and International Trade, New York University Press, New York, 1991, .
Keith Pavitt, Sectoral patterns of technical change: Towards a taxonomy and a theory, "Research Policy", Volume 13, Issue 6, December 1984, Pages 343–373 .
Works on Keith Pavitt
Daniele Archibugi, "Pavitt's Taxonomy Sixteen Years on: A Review Article", Economics of Innovation and New Technology, vol. 3 (2001), pp. 415–425.
Chris Freeman, Pari Patel and Ben Martin, Professor Keith Pavitt. Pioneer in science policy research. Obituary, the Independent, 31 January 2003.
Martin Meyer, Tiago Santos Pereirac, Olle Persson and Ove Granstrand, "The Scientometric World of Keith Pavitt: A Tribute to their contributions to Research Policy and Patent Analysis”, Research Policy, Vol. 33, no. 9 (2004), pages 1405–1417.
Bart Verspagen and Claudia Werker, "Keith Pavitt and the Invisible College of the Economics of Technology and Innovation", Research Policy. Vol. 33, no. 9 (2004), pages: 1419–1431
References
External links
List of works of Keith Pavitt listed on Google Scholar
http://www.inovasyon.org/pdf/Keith_Pavitt.pdf
Innovation economists
Science and Technology Policy Research alumni
1937 births
People educated at Hackney Downs School
English economists
Academics of the University of Sussex
Harvard Fellows
2002 deaths
Elgin J. Davis (born October 23, 1965) is a former professional American football running back for the New England Patriots in the National Football League.
Davis was drafted by the New England Patriots in 1987, becoming the second player ever drafted out of the University of Central Florida. Davis played two seasons with the Patriots before signing with the Pittsburgh Steelers and later the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.
References
External links
Elgin Davis website
1965 births
Living people
Jean Ribault High School alumni
Players of American football from Jacksonville, Florida
American football running backs
UCF Knights football players
New England Patriots players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
National Football League replacement players
Amaliegade 47 (18591926: Amaliegade 41) is a Neoclassical property situated at the north end of Amaliegade, around the corner from Esplanaden, in the Frederiksstaden district of Copenhagen, Denmark. Notable former residents include the diplomat and the military officer . Julius F. Schierbeck's Eftf., a ship-chandler's business, was later, from 1859 until at least the 1950s, based in the building. It was listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1945.
History
Construction and site history
Copenhagen's second botanical garden was situated at the site from 1752. It was created by Georg Christian Oeder in the newly founded Frederiksstaden district at the request of Frederik V at a site bisected by Amaliegade just north of Frederik's Hospital. The smaller western section, covering just under half a hectare, was equipped with a greenhouse while the eastern section remained largely unplanted. The garden was opened to the public in 1763.
After 8 years the area was reacquired by the king and the botanical garden was then moved to Gammelholm. In 1781, the site in Amaliegade was instead donated to royal building inspector Caspar Frederik Harsdorff on condition that they would "build it over with good and permanent buildings within a period of eight years". Their plan for the site was a terrace with 8 individual houses. They embarked on the construction later the same year but ran into economic difficulties and eventually had to give up the project altogether. Andreas Hallander and Johan Martin Quist, two of their former students, saved them from bankruptcy by acquiring the Amaliegade lots. Hallander acquired the northernmost part of the area. They commenced with the building at the corner of Toldbodvej and then worked their way south. Amaliegade 47 (then 69 JL) was constructed in 1790. On 1 December 1790, Hallander insured the building for 6,000 Danish rigsdaler.
Changing owners, 17901859
On 13 December, Hallander sold it to , secretary in the Department of Foreign Affairs. In 1793, they left Copenhagen when they were appointed as Danish consul to Morocco. In 1800, they were appointed as Danish resident minister and Consul-General to the United States.
In the new cadastre of 1806, the property was listed as No. 135. It was by then owned by Henning Rasmussen.
At the time of the 1834 census, No. 135 was home to four households. Jørgen Møller, a ship broker, resided on the ground floor with their wife Johanne Dorothea (née Larsen), their two children (aged eight and 10) and two maids. Maria Elisabeth Dorrien and Louise Henriette Dorrien, two daughters of General Liebert Hieronymus von Dörrien (1772-1814), resided on the first floor with the lady's companion Hedevig Troyel, the lodger Elisabeth Ancher and one maid. Christian Frederik Wilkens, a captain in the Royal Danish Navy, resided in the second floor apartment with one maid. Ane Margrethe Olsen, the proprietor of a tavern in the basement, resided in the associated dwelling with the maid Susanne Hendriksen and the maid's husband Peter Hendriksen (a first mate, styrmand).
At the time of the 1840 census, No. 135 was home to mostly new residents. Georg Philip Kinzi, a royal cook, resided on the ground floor with their wife Justine Amalie Kinzi (née Hansen) and two sons (aged three and six). The first floor apartment was still occupied by the two Dorrien sisters. (1804-1892), a military officer teaching German at the Army Cadet Academy, resided on the second floor with their wife Margrethe Charlotte Christiane Wørnshøffer, their three children (aged one to four) and two maids. Susanne Henriksen, a widow, resided in the basement with their seven-year-old daughter, a lodger (a first mate, styrmand) and a maid.
At the time of the 1845 census, No. 135 was home to just three households. One of the apartments was occupied by the medical doctor Carl Hohner, second lieutenant Waldemar Holck, Carl Holck and captain lieutenant Christian Nicolai Wulff. Bent Leth, a ship's captain, resided in another apartment with their wife Marie Leth, their six children (aged one to 14) and two maids. Susanne Henriksen, a widow aged just 37, resided in the third apartment with their 12-year-old daughter and one maid.
At the time of the 1850 census, No. 135 was again home to three households. P.A. Meyer, a clerk, resided on the ground floor with their wife E. Meyer, their two children (aged two and seven) and one maid. A. Petersen, a restaurateur, resided on the first floor with their wife M.E. Jensen, their two-year-old child A.G.W. Petersen, a maid and two male servants. M. B. Jespersen, a quarantine officer, resided on the second floor with their wife Johanne Marie Petersen, their 10-year-old son, 44-year-old Elise Christina Petersen, 42-year-old Kirstine Margrethe Petersen and one maid.
Julius F. Schierbeck's Eftf.
When house numbering by street was introduced in Copenhagen in 1859, No. 135 was initially listed as Amaliegade 41 (from 1926 changed to Amaliegade 47).
The property was acquired the same year for 304,000 DKK by Julius F. Schierbeck. In partnership with their brother, Schierbeck had until then been the owner of a ship-chandler started by their father in Helsingør. The abolition of the Sound Dues had resulted in a closure of the firm. On 11 April 1858, Julius F. Schierbeck (1809-1889) had founded a new ship-chandler's business in Copenhagen. In 1875, it was taken over by Johan August Olsen (born 1835) and Carl Philip (1833-1892) as Julius F. Schierbeck's Eftf. ("Julius F. Schierbeck's Successors"). The company was also active from 1900 as a wholesaler of tea and later also of products from the Faroe Islands. Olsen's son-in-law Frands William Stenow (born 1871) was made a partner in 1901. Olsen retired from the company in 1910, ceding their share of the company to their son Otto Edvard Harth Olsen (born 1882) who was made a partner in 1910. The company was taken over in 1944 by Aage Sternow (born 1898). It was based in the building until at least 1950.
Architecture
Amaliegade 47 is constructed with three storeys over a walk-out basement. The dressed five-bay facade is finished with a belt course above the ground floor, sandstone sill courses below the ground floor windows and the three central windows on the first floor, and a modillioned cornice. The main entrance, situated in the bay furthest to the left, is topped by a transom window. The basement entrance is located in the central bay. The red tile roof features two dormer windows towards the street. A one-and-a-half-bay side wing (one bay plus a canted bay), topped by a vaulted tile roof, projects from the rear side of the building.
Today
The property is today owned by Chr. Augustinus Fabrikker. The Augustinus Foundation is based in the building.
References
Further reading
Julius F. Schierbecks Eftf: Skibsproviantering gennem 100 år : 1858 - den 11. april - 1958. Julius F. Schierbeck, 1958
External links
Source
Source
Listed residential buildings in Copenhagen
Neoclassical architecture in Copenhagen
Andreas Hallander buildings
Residential buildings completed in 1789
Frederiksstaden
This is a list of domestic water buffalo breeds and their uses.
Breeds
The domestic water buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) is descended from the wild water buffalo (Bubalus arnee), now designated an endangered species. Water buffaloes have been bred, predominantly in Asia, for thousands of years for use by humans. Their main domestic uses are as draught animals and for the production of milk and meat. Two types are recognized, the river-type and the swamp-type.
Note: except where otherwise indicated, the reference for all entries is DAD-IS.
See also
List of cattle breeds
References
Sources
External links
Water buffalo
The Valley Hunt Club is a private social club located in Pasadena, California, that is most noted for starting the Tournament of Roses Parade in 1890.
Its members were former residents of the East and Midwest eager to showcase their new home's mild winter weather. "In New York, people are buried in snow", announced Professor Charles F. Holder at a Club meeting. "Here our flowers are blooming and our oranges are about to bear. Let's hold a festival to tell the world about our paradise."
During the next few years, the festival expanded to include marching bands and motorized floats. The games on the town lot (which was renamed Tournament Park in 1900) included ostrich races, bronco busting demonstrations, football and a race between a camel and an elephant (the elephant won). Reviewing stands were built along the parade route, and Eastern newspapers began to take notice of the event. In 1895, the Tournament of Roses Association was formed to take charge of the festival, which had grown too large for the Valley Hunt Club to handle. After an interregnum of many decades (except for major anniversaries) the club again entered the parade in 1983, and now every year enters an antique carriage, typically a "roof seat break" pulled by friesian horses with outriders.
The Valley Hunt Club continues to be located at 520 South Orange Grove Boulevard, Pasadena, CA 91105, which is the "Formation Area" of each year's Rose Parade and near Tournament House. The Valley Hunt Club remains an exclusive private social club. With the exception of the Wrigley Mansion, the current home of the Tournament of Roses Association, the Fenyes Mansion, and the Bissell House, the mansions of midwestern magnates that once stood alongside the Club on Orange Grove Avenue have been replaced by condominium and apartment complexes.
See also
Pasadena Tournament of Roses
Tournament of Roses Parade
Membership discrimination in California clubs
External links
Club web-site
References
Clubs and societies in the United States
History of Pasadena, California
Organizations based in Pasadena, California
State leaders in the 14th century BC – State leaders in the 12th century BC – State leaders by year
This is a list of state leaders in the 13th century BC (1300–1201 BC).
Africa: Northeast
Egypt: New Kingdom
Eighteenth Dynasty of the New Kingdom (complete list) –
Horemheb, King (1319–1292 BC)
Nineteenth Dynasty of the New Kingdom (complete list) –
Ramesses I, King (1292–1290 BC)
Seti I, King (1290–1279 BC)
Ramesses II, King (1279–1213 BC)
Merneptah, King (1213–1203 BC)
Amenmesses, Pharaoh (1203–1197 BC)
Seti II, Pharaoh (1201–1198 BC)
Asia
Asia: East
China
Shang, China (complete list) –
Yang Jia, King (c.1300 BC)
Pan Geng, King (c.1290–1263 BC)
Xiao Xin, King (c.1263–1260 BC)
Xiao Yi, King (c.1260–1250 BC)
Wu Ding, King (c.1250-1192 BC)
Asia: Southeast
Vietnam
Hồng Bàng dynasty (complete list) –
Giáp line, (c.1331–c.1252 BC)
Ất line, (c.1251–c.1162 BC)
Asia: West
Hittite: New Kingdom, Asia minor –
Mursili II, Ruler (c.1321–1295 BC, short chronology)
Muwatalli II, Ruler (c.1295–1272 BC, short chronology)
Mursili III a.k.a. Urhi-Teshub, (c.1272–1267 BC, short chronology)
Hattusili III, Ruler (c.1267–1237 BC, short chronology)
Tudhaliya IV, Ruler (c.1237–1209 BC, short chronology)
Arnuwanda III, Ruler (c.1209–1207 BC, short chronology)
Suppiluliuma II, Ruler (c.1207–1178 BC, short chronology)
Mitanni –
Shattuara Mittani becomes vassal of Assyria under Adad-nirari I
Wasashatta, King ( 000 )
Jiar, King ( 000 )
Shattiwaza Mitanni becomes vassal of the Hittite Empire
Shattuara Mittani becomes vassal of Assyria under Adad-nirari I
Wasashatta, King ( 000 )
Jiar, King ( 000 )
Ugarit, List –
Niqmepa, King (c.1313–1260 BC) Treaty with Mursili II of the Hittites
Ammittamru II, King (c.1260–1235 BC) Contemporary of Bentisina of Amurru
Ibiranu, King (c.1235–1225/20 BC BC)
Niqmaddu III, King (c.1225/20 – 1215 BC)
Ammurapi, King (c.1200 BC BC) Contemporary of Chancellor Bay
Tyre, Phoenecia –
Aribas, King (fl. c.1230 BC)
Baal-Termeg, King (fl. c.1220)
Assyria: Middle Assyrian Period
Arik-den-ili, King (c.1307–1296 BC, short chronology)
Adad-nirari I, King (c.1295–1264 BC, short chronology)
Shalmaneser I, King (c.1263–1234 BC, short chronology)
Kassite Dynasty, Third Dynasty of Babylon —
Nazi-Maruttash, King (c.1307–1282 BC), contemporary of Adad-nirari I of Assyria
Kadashman-Turgu, King (c.1281–1264 BC), contemporary of Hattusili III of the Hittites
Kadashman-Enlil II, King (c.1263–1255 BC), contemporary of Hattusili III of the Hittites
Kudur-Enlil, King (c.1254–1246 BC)
Shagarakti-Shuriash, King (c.1245–1233 BC)
Kashtiliashu IV, King (c.1232–1225 BC), contemporary of Tukulti-Ninurta I of Assyria
Enlil-nadin-shumi, Assyria installed governor (c.1224 BC)
Kadashman-Harbe II, Assyria installed governor (c.1223 BC)
Adad-shuma-iddina, Assyria installed governor (c.1222–1217 BC)
Adad-shuma-usur, King (c.1216–1187 BC), contemporary of Ashur-nirari III of Assyria
Elam: Igehalkid dynasty (complete list) –
Kidin-Hutran II, King (?)
Napirisha-Untash or Humban-Untash, King (?)
Pahir-Ishshan II, King (?)
Unpatar-Napirisha or Unpatar-Humban, King (?)
Kidin-Hutran III, King (c.1224–c.1217 BC)
References
State Leaders
-
13th-century BC rulers
"100%" is a song performed by R&B singer Mariah Carey originally recorded as soundtrack promotional single from motion picture Precious but then reassigned to the AT&T Team USA Soundtrack for the 2010 Winter Olympics. The song was also due to feature on Carey's now cancelled thirteenth studio/second remix album, Angels Advocate though it was never tipped as a single from the latter.
The piano-driven contemporary R&B ballad is themed around reaching your potential with lyrics like "don't stop till you make the finish". Written by Carey, Crystal Johnson, Bryan-Michael Cox, Jermaine Dupri and produced by the latter two. Carey does not share production credits following "Say Somethin'". The song was released as a special promotional single to raise money for Team USA at the 2010 Winter Olympics. It was released exclusively to the American and Canadian iTunes Stores and AT&T wireless devices on February 9, 2010.
Background and composition
In 2009, Carey appeared as a social worker in Precious, the movie adaptation of the 1996 novel Push by Sapphire. The film garnered mostly positive reviews from critics, as has Carey's performance. Variety described their acting as "pitch-perfect". Precious won awards at both the Sundance Film Festival and the Toronto Film Festival, receiving top honors there. In January 2010, Carey won the Breakthrough Actress Performance Award for their role in Precious at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. For the film's soundtrack, Carey recorded a track titled "100%", which was later released as a promotional single from the AT&T U.S. Winter Olympics soundtrack on February 9, 2010, to raise money for the U.S. Olympics Team. The R&B ballad contains elements of gospel music, and was written by Carey, while Crystal Johnson, Jermaine Dupri, and Bryan-Michael Cox produced and wrote additional lyrics to the track. The singer's vocal range spans from the note of E3 to F#6. The track is composed in the key of A major in common time and a tempo of 60 beats per minute, with the long chord progression of the song being A, A/F♯, A/D, E/G♯, A/F♯, A/E, A/D, C♯, A/F♯ and A/E.
Release and use
"100%" was replaced by the song "I Can See in Color" by Mary J. Blige for the "Precious (soundtrack)." When Carey was performing at a date on the Canadian leg of their Angels Advocate Tour at the Air Canada Centre they announced the song would be used for the Winter Olympic games. Carey spoke of the opportunity for the song to be part of the Olympics.
All proceeds from the purchase of songs from the soundtrack, participating ringtones and answer tones from February 12, 2010, through March 1, 2010 were donated to Team USA. It charted on the Hot Digital Songs chart at number 197.
Accolades
Music video
On February 9, 2010, Carey filmed the music video for "100%" during the Toronto show of their Angels Advocate Tour. The video was directed by Shawn Robbins and uses 2 takes of the song, one take filmed during a sound check and one take from the live show. They asked the audience if they could stay and help them film the video. The music video is reportedly inspired by the video of their song "Hero". The music video premiered Saturday February 20, 2010 on NBC's Olympics. The video features Carey singing the song on tour with a backdrop of the Olympic rings whilst cutting back to clips of team U.S.A.
Release history
References
2010 singles
2010 songs
Mariah Carey songs
Contemporary R&B ballads
Songs written by Crystal Nicole
Songs written by Bryan-Michael Cox
Songs written by Jermaine Dupri
Songs written by Mariah Carey
Song recordings produced by Jermaine Dupri
Olympic theme songs
2009 songs
2010s ballads
In mathematics, specifically enumerative geometry, the virtual fundamental class of a space is a replacement of the classical fundamental class in its chow ring which has better behavior with respect to the enumerative problems being considered. In this way, there exists a cycle with can be used for answering specific enumerative problems, such as the number of degree rational curves on a quintic threefold. For example, in Gromov–Witten theory, the Kontsevich moduli spacesfor a scheme and a class in , their behavior can be wild at the boundary, such aspg 503 having higher-dimensional components at the boundary than on the main space. One such example is in the moduli spacefor the class of a line in . The non-compact "smooth" component is empty, but the boundary contains maps of curveswhose components consist of one degree 3 curves which contracts to a point. There is a virtual fundamental class which can then be used to count the number of curves in this family.
Geometric motivation
We can understand the motivation for the definition of the virtual fundamental classpg 10 by considering what situation should be emulated for a simple case (such as a smooth complete intersection). Suppose we have a variety (representing the coarse space of some moduli problem ) which is cut out from an ambient smooth space by a section of a rank- vector bundle . Then has "virtual dimension" (where is the dimension of ). This is the case if is a transverse section, but if is not, and it lies within a sub-bundle where it is transverse, then we can get a homology cycle by looking at the euler class of the cokernel bundle over . This bundle acts as the normal bundle of in .
Now, this situation dealt with in Fulton-MacPherson intersection theory by looking at the induced cone and looking at the intersection of the induced section on the induced cone and the zero section, giving a cycle on . If there is no obvious ambient space for which there is an embedding, we must rely upon deformation theory techniques to construct this cycle on the moduli space representing the fundamental class. Now in the case where we have the section cutting out , there is a four term exact sequencewhere the last term represents the "obstruction sheaf". For the general case there is an exact sequencewhere act similarly to and act as the tangent and obstruction sheaves. Note the construction of Behrend-Fantechi is a dualization of the exact sequence given from the concrete example abovepg 44.
Remark on definitions and special cases
There are multiple definitions of virtual fundamental classes, all of which are subsumed by the definition for morphisms of Deligne-Mumford stacks using the intrinsic normal cone and a perfect obstruction theory, but the first definitions are more amenable for constructing lower-brow examples for certain kinds of schemes, such as ones with components of varying dimension. In this way, the structure of the virtual fundamental classes becomes more transparent, giving more intuition for their behavior and structure.
Virtual fundamental class of an embedding into a smooth scheme
One of the first definitions of a virtual fundamental classpg 10 is for the following case: suppose we have an embedding of a scheme into a smooth scheme and a vector bundle (called the obstruction bundle)such that the normal cone embeds into over . One natural candidate for such an obstruction bundle if given byfor the divisors associated to a non-zero set of generators for the ideal . Then, we can construct the virtual fundamental class of using the generalized Gysin morphism given by the compositiondenoted , where is the map given byand is the inverse of the flat pullback isomorphism.Here we use the in the map since it corresponds to the zero section of vector bundle. Then, the virtual fundamental class of the previous setup is defined aswhich is just the generalized Gysin morphism of the fundamental class of .
Remarks on the construction
The first map in the definition of the Gysin morphism corresponds to specializing to the normal conepg 89, which is essentially the first part of the standard Gysin morphism, as defined in Fultonpg 90. But, because we are not working with smooth varieties, Fulton's cone construction doesn't work, since it would give , hence the normal bundle could act as the obstruction bundle. In this way, the intermediate step of using the specialization of the normal cone only keeps the intersection-theoretic data of relevant to the variety .
See also
Chow group of a stack
References
Virtual fundamental classes, global normal cones and Fulton's canonical classes
Intersection theory
Habib Kheder (born 17 August 1954) is a Tunisian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Apostolic Nunciature to Namibia is an ecclesiastical office of the Catholic Church in Namibia. It is a diplomatic post of the Holy See, whose representative is called the Apostolic Nuncio with the rank of an ambassador. The nuncio resides in South Africa.
List of papal representatives to Namibia
Apostolic Delegates
Ambrose Battista De Paoli (5 March 1994 – 11 November 1997)
Apostolic Nuncios
Manuel Monteiro de Castro (2 February 1998 – 1 March 2000)
Blasco Francisco Collaço (24 May 2000 – August 2006)
James Patrick Green (17 August 2006 – 15 October 2011)
Mario Roberto Cassari (10 March 2012 – 22 May 2015)
Peter Bryan Wells (13 February 2016 – present)
References
Namibia
Holy See–Namibia relations
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, Maryland. They are a member club of the American Football Conference (AFC) North division in the National Football League (NFL); from 1996 to 2001, they played in the AFC Central. The team began play in the 1996 season as a result of former Cleveland Browns team owner Art Modell's decision to move the Browns to Baltimore.
The Ravens have won two Super Bowl championships in franchise history: in 2000, when the team defeated the New York Giants 34–7 in Super Bowl XXXV; and in 2012, when the team defeated the San Francisco 49ers 34–31 in Super Bowl XLVII. They are one of two teams (the other being the Tampa Bay Buccaneers) to be undefeated in multiple Super Bowls. Until their defeat by the Ravens in Super Bowl XLVII, the 49ers were the only team to never lose in the Super Bowl with multiple appearances.
Seasons
All-time records
Note: Statistics are correct .
References
Seasons
Baltimore Ravens
Lilliput Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1917 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey.
See also
List of peaks on the Alberta–British Columbia border
Mountains of Alberta
Mountains of British Columbia
References
Lilliput Mountain
Lilliput Mountain
Canadian Rockies
The Virginia Commission on Constitutional Government was a state agency created by the Virginia legislature in 1956, with the mission of promoting "constitutional government" in the wake of Brown v. Board of Education. The fifteen-member Commission brought together leading Virginia writers, journalists, lawyers, and politicians, with the governor serving as an ex officio member. The Commission was charged to "develop and promulgate information concerning the dual system of government, federal and state, established under the Constitution of the United States and those of the several states." The group was also directed "to acquaint the general public...with the nature of the relationship between the individual states and the United States and the freedoms reserved to the states and their individual citizens." To this end, the Commission, headed by David J. Mays, a Pulitzer Prize–winning author, and James J. Kilpatrick, authored numerous pamphlets and books opposing integration of the public schools, federal civil rights statutes, and recent Supreme Court decisions. The Commission maintained an active publication schedule until 1967.
Beginning in 1959, the VCCG began working with the Virginia department of education to develop a two-semester course for high school seniors on American government and political institutions. In 1964 a hardcover book, We the State: An Anthology of Historic Documents and Commentaries thereon, Expounding the State and Federal Relationship, was distributed to school libraries in Virginia. The Commission also provided each high school senior with an annotated copy of the United States Constitution.
Their publications included Civil Rights and Federal Powers, Civil Rights and Legal Wrongs, The Right Not to Listen, Did the Court Interpret or Amend?, and Alfred Avins' The Reconstruction amendments' debates : the legislative history and contemporary debates in Congress on the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments.
References
External links
Virginia Commission on Constitutional Government Publications, Social Welfare History Image Portal, Virginia Commonwealth University Libraries
1956 establishments in Virginia
State agencies of Virginia
Conservative organizations in the United States
The 1970 Asian Rugby Championship was the second edition of the tournament played in Bangkok, Thailand. Seven countries played round-robin matches in two pools and the first, second, and third place of each pool played placement matches. Japan won the tournament.
Tournament
Pool A
Results
Jan 10
Jan 12
Pool B
Results
Jan 11
Jan 13
Jan 15
Placement matches
5rd place match
3rd place match
Final
Final standings
Notes
As of 16 June 2022, the results in Asia Rugby website are incorrect.
References
External links
Rugby Football 19巻 (in Japanese)
The above link contains detailed game results.
T is for try worth 3 points, G is for goal worth 5 points (including try), PG is for penalty goal worth 3 points, and DG is for dropped goal worth 3 points.
For the scoring detail, refer to History of rugby union
Results (ESPN.com)
Results (RugbyArchive)
January 1970 events
Sports competitions in Bangkok
1970 in Thailand
International sports competitions hosted by Thailand
Asia Rugby Championship
1970 in rugby union
The Seventh Five-Year Plans for National Economy of Pakistan, otherwise known as Seventh Plan, were a set of a highly centralized and planned economic development targets designed for the improvement of the standard of living, and overall strengthening of gross domestic product (GDP) growth in Pakistan, between the period of 1988 until its termination in 1993.
The seventh plan was drafted and presented by the Ministry of Finance (MoF), led by then popularly elected Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, at the Parliament in 1988. The plan was studied by the Economic Coordination Committee (ECC) and resources were gathered to be allocated by the Planning Commission. The seventh plan was an integral part of Bhutto's social capitalist policies implementation and was also integrated with the nationalization programme of former Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. The plan emphasized macroeconomics principles and was intended to support the development of the agricultural and electricity sectors in Pakistan in order to keep up the GDP growth rate, which at that time was 6.6%— one of the highest in the world.
Under this plan, science policy was further expanded to integrate academic scientific development into national development plans. The seventh plan also took initiatives to revive deregulation of the corporate sector but did not privatize the sector into private-ownership management. Unlike the sixth plan, not all targets were met and goals were not sufficiently fulfilled. Only the agricultural and scientific development aspects of the plans were continued whilst all major initiatives were cancelled by the upcoming Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif who replaced the programme with an intensified privatization programme, launched in 1991.
See also
Planned economy
Economy of Pakistan
Benazir Bhutto
References
External links
(1993 to 1998)
F
Government of Benazir Bhutto
Economic planning in Pakistan
Pot of Gold was an Australian talent television series broadcast on The 0-10 Network between 1975 and 1978. It was hosted by Tommy Hanlon, Jr. There were many guest celebrity judges including the Twelfth Night Theatre artistic director, Joan Whalley.
Network 10 original programming
Australian music television series
1975 Australian television series debuts
1978 Australian television series endings
Music competitions in Australia
English-language television shows
Netrampura is a village in the Surajgarh municipality in Rajasthan, India. It is a village of Jats of the Bijarnia clan. Netrampura was founded by Netram Bijarnia. It is commonly also called as Netram ki Dhani
As of 2005, the village counted 120 households (100% of which were using electricity) and featured a primary school of eight grades. The road network consists of earth roads only.
Most inhabitants of the village work in the Indian army.
References
Villages in Jhunjhunu district
Hermann Ritter von Speck (8 August 1888 – 15 June 1940) was a German general during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany. Speck was killed by French machine gun fire on 15 June 1940 in Pont-sur-Yonne, France.
They were posthumously awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 17 October 1940.
In 2010, Jay Nordlinger spoke with von Speck's daughter, who claimed that the general deliberately sought death in battle: "According to their daughter, they wanted to die, and arranged to die. They felt they could not break their oath to the army — they could not desert. And their Catholic faith prevented them from committing suicide — suicide straight out, you might say. So, they put themselves in the line of fire. In their dying words, they did not say, 'Give my love to my family', or anything like that. They said, 'It had to be this way'.”
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 17 October 1940 as Generalleutnant and commander of XVIII. Armeekorps
References
Citations
Bibliography
1888 births
1940 deaths
Generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Generals of Artillery (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
Military personnel from Munich
Knights of the Military Order of Max Joseph
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Sandwich railway station serves Sandwich in Kent, England. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southeastern. The station is south of Ramsgate on the Kent coastline.
History
The first proposal for a station at Sandwich was in 1836–37 by the Kent Railway. An independent line to London was considered, but the South Eastern Railway (SER) decided they would construct a branch line from the Ashford to Ramsgate line at towards Sandwich and . The station was opened on 1 July 1847.
Sandwich had once been a significant port in the Middle Ages, but because of changing geography had suffered a lengthy decline. It was hoped a railway would reverse this trend. In 1853, the Sandwich Improvement Association hoped to collaborate with the SER and develop a more significant seaport here, but the SER were not interested. The station initially had a very limited service, with only seven trains running each way, and between 1855 and 1865 the line was single track. A connection to opened on 15 June 1881.
Goods services were withdrawn on 7 October 1963.
In 2019, a major programme began to expand the station in preparation for The Open Championship at the Royal St George's Golf Club. The platforms were extended to so they could accommodate the full 12-car British Rail Class 395 trains. The work was completed in early 2021, in time for the 2021 Open Championship
Services
All services at Sandwich are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International
1 tph to
During the peak hours, the station is also served by a number of services between Ramsgate and London Charing Cross via .
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Sandwich, Kent
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1847
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Gerben 'Germ' Hofma (19 April 1925 – 14 October 2018) was a Dutch football player in the 1940s and 1950s. They most notably played for Heerenveen.
References
External links
1925 births
2018 deaths
Dutch footballers
Netherlands international footballers
SC Heerenveen players
Eredivisie players
People from Sittard
Association football forwards
Footballers from Limburg (Netherlands)
Peter Jona Korn (30 March 1922 – 12 January 1998) was a German composer, music educator, conductor, pianist, harpsichord player and writer. They were a son of the Jewish couple Georg Korn, an amateur pianist, and Elisabeth, born Heilborn, a violinist and singer.
Life
Youth and education
Born in Berlin, Korn developed their musical talent in their early years. At the age of ten they worked as a pianist and harpsichord player in the programmes of the broadcasting company "Deutsche Welle" and performed as a soprano soloist at concerts in the Berliner Philharmonie. For parties in their school, they already composed simple works. In 1932, they studied composition in an experimental special class at the University of the Arts in Berlin. For a short time they studied privately with . In 1933, they emigrated to the United Kingdom and continued their composition studies with Edmund Rubbra in London from 1934 to 1936. In 1936 they emigrated to the then still British Mandatory Palestine. From 1936 to 1938, they studied with Stefan Wolpe at the Palestine Conservatory in Jerusalem. At that time, compositions by the sixteen-year-old Korn were already broadcast. In 1939 they studied with Hermann Scherchen in Tel Aviv. In 1940, they emigrated to the United States where they studied from 1941 to 1942 with Arnold Schönberg at the University of California - Los Angeles (UCLA). They completed their studies from 1946 to 1947 with Ernst Toch, Hanns Eisler and Miklós Rózsa at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles.
Conductor
In 1947 they founded the New Orchestra of Los Angeles and became their conductor until 1956. With this orchestra they gave the first performance of Bruckner' Symphony No. 6 in its original version in the United States in 1955. In 1951, they married the pianist Barbara Sheldon.
Music educator
In 1957 they returned to Europe and worked as a guest conductor with well-known orchestras and as a guest lecturer. In 1960 they succeeded Wilhelm Killmayer as a composition teacher at the Richard Strauss Conservatory. They worked in this function until 1961. In 1964 and 1965, they were a guest lecturer at the University of California - Los Angeles (UCLA). They returned to Europe and lived for a short time in Switzerland. In 1965 they returned to Germany and in 1967 became director of the University of Music and Performing Arts Munich in Munich.
Composer
In addition to their work as a conductor, music pedagogue and writer, their work as a composer was usually central. They wrote works for orchestra, wind orchestra, an opera, vocal music and chamber music. In 1968 they received the music prize from the city of Munich and in 1984 they were awarded the Bavarian Order of Merit.
Other activities
They also worked as a music critic for various music magazines and newspapers. They were a member of the supervisory board of the German copyright society (Gesellschaft für musikalische Aufführungs- und mechanische Vervielfältigungsrechte, briefly GEMA), which appointed them an honorary member in 1992. They were also a member of the television board of the ZDF. Korn was co-founder and second chairperson of the Richard-Strauss-Gesellschaft e.V. They were chairperson of the federation of composers from Munich (Verbandes Münchner Tonkünstler), second chairperson of the German Composers' Federation () and second chairperson of the Orff-Schulwerk Gesellschaft. Korn is author of the booklet: Musikalische Umweltverschmutzungen - Polemische Variationen über ein unerquickliches Thema.
Publications
Apropos "Zwangsjacke ..." An analysis of the attack tactics against Alois Melichar (on the occasion of the 2nd edition of Melichar, music in the straightjacket), Wancura, 1960. 33 p.
Rufmord für Anfänger. Der "Fall Egk": Die andere Seite...oder: Wer nicht emigrierte, klagt sich an..., in Publik, 16 May 1969
Musikalische Umweltverschmutzungen - Polemische Variationen über ein unerquickliches Thema, 3rd edition, Wiesbaden: Breitkopf & Härtel, 1975, 1981. 80 p.
The Symphony in America, Chapter 32 of The Symphony (ed. Robert Simpson), 2nd edition, Pelican 1965
Further reading
Brian Sanford Ransom: A performance project with an historical and analytical perspective on the "Concerto for Alto Saxophone and Orchestra", Op. 31 by Peter Jona Korn. Dissertation D.M.A., University of Southern Mussissippi, 2009, 195 p.
Wolfgang Suppan, Armin Suppan: Das Neue Lexikon des Blasmusikwesens. 4th edition, Freiburg-Tiengen, Blasmusikverlag Schulz GmbH, 1994,
Edith Borroff, J. Bunker Clark: American Opera : A Checklist. Detroit: Harmonie Park Press, 1992, 334 p.,
Alexander Suder: Komponisten in Bavaria - Band 21: Peter Jona Korn, Dokumente musikalischen Schaffens im 20. Jahrhundert hrsg. im Auftrag des Landesverbandes Bayerischer Tonkünstler e.V. im DTKV, 1989. 145 p.,
Andreas Masel: Das Große Ober- und Niederbayerische Blasmusikbuch; mit Beiträgen von Stephan Ametsbichler, Stefan Hirsch und Heinz Wohlmuth; Ehrentafel der Ober- und Niederbayerischen Blasmusikkapellen, Vienna, München: Christian Brandstätter Verlag, Schwingenstein Verlag, 1989, 543 p.
Stephen M. Fry: California's Musical Wealth : Sources for the Study of Music in California: Papers presented at the Joint Conference of the Northern and Southern California Chapters of the Music Library Association, Southern California Chapter Music Library Association, 1988, 130 p.
Wilfried Wolfgang Bruchhauser: Komponisten der Gegenwart im Deutschen Komponisten-Verband, 3rd edition, Berlin: 1987.
Habakuk Traber, Elmar Weingarten: Verdrängte Musik : Berliner Komponisten im Exil. Berlin: Argon Verlag GmbH, 1987, 376 p.,
Jean-Marie Londeix: Musique pour saxophone, volume II : répertoire général des oeuvres et des ouvrages d'enseignement pour le saxophone, Cherry Hill: Roncorp Publications, 1985.
E. Ruth Anderson: Contemporary American Composers - A Biographical Dictionary, Second edition, Boston: G. K. Hall, 1982, 578 p.,
References
External links
Website
Biography with pictures
Biography (in German)
Laudatio by the composer Bertold Hummel on the occasion of Peter Jonah Korn's 65th birthday
Estate of Peter Jona Korn (1922-1998)
1922 births
1998 deaths
German conductors (music)
German music educators
German classical pianists
20th-century German composers
Musicians from Berlin
Pupils of Arnold Schoenberg
German expatriates in Mandatory Palestine
German expatriates in the United States
Central Christian Church is a major church in downtown Austin, Texas affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). Organized in 1847, it is one of the oldest congregations in the city.
The church has also been known as Christian Church of Austin. The current church building, featuring Romanesque Revival architecture, was completed in 1929. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text
In 1847, eight years after the City of Austin was platted, ten members of the Disciples of Christ Brotherhood met to organize this congregation. Although early records of the church are scarce, it is known that regular worship services were being held in a local school building by 1852. The Christian Church of Austin, as the congregation originally was known, acquired its first property at Eighth and Colorado Streets and worshiped at that site until moving to this location in 1929. An early dispute over theological and procedural matters split the congregation in 1888. Until 1896, when the Rev. S. D. Dutcher was appointed pastor, leaders of the church were selected from among the laity. The fellowship adopted its current name during the early years of the twentieth century, after other Disciples of Christ congregations had been organized in Austin. Although much growth has occurred in the outlying sections of the city, Central Christian Church has remained a vital force in the downtown area. Its ministry has included the establishment of several other congregations. As one of the oldest churches in Austin, Central Christian has provided the city with significant service and leadership. (1985)
References
External links
Central Christian Church
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Churches completed in 1929
Churches in Austin, Texas
Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) congregations
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
The Roman Catholic Church in Equatorial Guinea (former Spanish colony in West Africa) is composed only of a Latin hierarchy, joint in a national Episcopal Conference of Equatorial Guinea, comprising one ecclesiastical province consisting of the Metropolitan Archdiocese and four suffragan dioceses.
There are no Eastern Catholic, pre-diocesan or other exempt jurisdictions.
There are no titular sees. All defunct jurisdictions have current successor sees.
There is formally an Apostolic Nunciature as papal diplomatic representation (embassy-level) to Equatorial Guinea, but it is vested in the Apostolic Nunciature to neighbor Cameroon, in its capital Yaoundé.
Current Latin dioceses
Ecclesiastical Province of Malabo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Malabo
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bata
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ebebiyin
Roman Catholic Diocese of Evinayong
Roman Catholic Diocese of Mongomo
See also
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Catholic Church in Equatorial Guinea
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections.
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Equatorial Guinea
Catholic dioceses
Zaoyuan Township () is a township-level division situated in Xingtai, Hebei, China.
See also
List of township-level divisions of Hebei
References
Township-level divisions of Hebei
Afghanistan Relief Organization (ARO) is a humanitarian organization which provides direct aid and education to those in need in Afghanistan. It runs a large technology education centre in the Afghan capital, Kabul, and is also involved in the training of midwives.
Description
Afghanistan Relief Organization is a non-political, non-religious, nonprofit 501(c)(3), non-governmental humanitarian organization, registered in both the United States and in Afghanistan, founded in the United States in 1998. It is based in Cypress, Orange County, California, USA, and works in Afghanistan.
ARO was officially formed in 1998 by Abdul Satar, a communications project manager and business person, and a fellow Afghan, Aboul Fazil Khalili, the grandson of the former Afghan poet laureate, Khalilullah Khalili. They wanted to help a region in the northern province of Takhar suffering after a crippling earthquake.
The organization delivers relief aid in the form of food, medicine, school supplies and winter relief supplies directly to those in need and offers general education programs designed to encourage self-sufficiency. ARO provides free education to 1100 girls and boys, as well as providing adult education programs to both women and men at the Technology Education Center (TEC) in Kabul, where it employs Afghan staff. The centre operates from 7am to 7pm to accommodate the numbers. Courses at the TEC include computing, Dari, Pashtu, English, math, science, and job skills training.
ARO operates with an all-volunteer team and no paid office or warehouse space and with minimal overhead in the United States. The organization spends less than 7 percent on administration and fundraising in the United States and Afghanistan, and attempts to put the maximum percentage of donor contributions to work in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan Relief Organization is not to be confused with the original UK charity Afghan Relief, set up by the writer and Sufi teacher Idries Shah in 1984 and removed from the registry in 2002, having ceased operations.
Activities
Aid supplies
In February 2002, for the first time in almost 30 years, a commercial 747 aircraft landed at Kabul International Airport, carrying desperately needed humanitarian supplies for Afghanistan Relief. Teaming up with two nonprofit organizations, Evergreen International Airlines' Evergreen Humanitarian and Relief Services Inc. and Mercy Corps, and with the help of Microsoft, $2 million worth of aid supplies, much of it collected by Afghanistan Relief Organization following an appeal, were shipped aboard the plane. Items included hygiene kits, newborn and baby kits, livestock feed, winter clothing and blankets, school kits, and medical supplies
At a meeting hosted by University of California, Los Angeles's International Institute on 7 February 2002, Noor Delawari, an advisory board member of the Afghanistan Foundation and chair of the ARO, spoke of the urgent need for aid in Afghanistan:
Education
Afghanistan Relief Organization has also raised funds for the training of teachers and the construction of rural libraries in Afghanistan. The fundraising events have been supported by many celebrities, including Halle Berry, former President George H. W. Bush, Cher, Will Ferrell, Jodie Foster, Jake Gyllenhaal, Kite Runner author Khaled Hosseini, Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Eva Mendes, Steve Nash and Natalie Portman.
Afghan Ambassador Said Tayeb Jawad visited Los Angeles, California on 23 February 2007 to deliver the keynote address at the ARO's annual fundraiser, Peace Through Education.
According to a United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Education Fact Sheet (plus Q and A) for Afghanistan, 2007:
Film producers Participant Productions and Paramount Vantage have designated ARO as one of the non-governmental organization (NGO) partners in a social action campaign to accompany the award-winning film, The Kite Runner, based on Khaled Hosseini's international best-seller, through an introduction by the author.
In 2007, Paramount Classics and DreamWorks Pictures studios donated 500 laptop computers to schoolchildren in Kabul. The ARO distributed the computers, provided by the One Laptop per Child initiative which is aimed at children in developing countries. Kite Runner author Khaled Hosseini is quoted as saying that "Education of the general population is critical to the transformation of Afghanistan's political and economic condition."
Midwifery training
With deaths in pregnancy or in childbirth so high in Afghanistan, and few trained women there to assist with childbirth, the training of midwives is another major project for the Afghanistan Relief Organization. In 2006, one in 60 Afghan women died of pregnancy-related causes, giving the country one of the world's highest maternal mortality rates, second only to Sierra Leone. The infant mortality rate was about 135 per 1,000 live births in 2006, which is an improvement from the 165 per 1,000 in 2001, but is still far too high.
See also
Humanitarian aid
References
External links
Afghanistan Relief Organization
Disaster Relief in Afghanistan
Charities based in California
Foreign charities operating in Afghanistan
Education in Kabul
Medical and health organisations based in Afghanistan
Cypress, California
In magnetic confinement fusion, a flux surface is a surface on which magnetic field lines lie. Since the magnetic field is divergence-free (and magnetic nulls are undesirable), the Poincare-Hopf theorem implies that such a surface must be either a torus, or a knot. In the tokamak and the stellarator flux surfaces have toroidal shapes, whereas the more exotic knotatron has a knotted flux surface. Flux surfaces are typically characterized the poloidal magnetic flux or the toroidal magnetic flux. The poloidal flux is the magnetic flux passing through a ribbon going from the magnetic axis (the centre of the device) to the flux surface, and the toroidal flux is the magnetic flux passing through a circle which encloses the magnetic axis. The total flux passing through flux surface itself is zero, as magnetic field lines are everywhere tangent to the surface.
Flux surfaces can either be rational or irrational, depending on the behavior of magnetic field lines on the flux surface. Rational surfaces have magnetic field lines are which are periodic; the magnetic field line closes back on itself. Conversely irrational surfaces have magnetic field lines which do not close back on themselves, and a magnetic field line traces out the entire flux surface (the magnetic field line comes arbitrarily close to each point on the flux surface). Rational magnetic surfaces are very sensitive to perturbations and can degenerate into magnetic islands. Flux surfaces are not guaranteed to exist; the magnetic field line can fill a volume chaotically. The theory of magnetic field lines in toroidal systems is closely related to the theory of 2-dimensional Hamiltonian systems.
References
Magnetic confinement fusion
The Whitrope Tunnel is a disused railway tunnel in the Scottish Borders, situated south of Hawick on the Waverley Route, close to Whitrope. It has a length of .
It is the fourth longest tunnel in Scotland. The tunnel is on the Hawick to Carlisle part of the former line, opened in the 1860s by the North British Railway. The Tunnel was closed in 1969 (as with the Waverley Route itself) by British Rail.
The Waverley Route Heritage Association is currently aiming to restore the tunnel to former standards and use. The tunnel is a Category B listed building and forms a key part of the former route.
In March 2002 there was a partial collapse of the tunnel roof at the south portal, followed by a major collapse in March 2021. Although it is repairable, there is no source of funding and consequently the tunnel has been sealed off for public safety.
See also
Whitrope Siding
List of places in the Scottish Borders
List of places in Scotland
List of tunnels in the United Kingdom
References
External links
News footage of the reopening of Whitrope tunnel, 19 April 2006
Video footage of the tunnel approach and Whitrope Siding station
Railway tunnels in Scotland
Category B listed buildings in the Scottish Borders
Tunnels in the Scottish Borders
Listed tunnels in Scotland
1860s establishments in Scotland
1969 disestablishments
is the name given to the concept of building new high-speed narrow gauge () railway lines in Japan to extend the Shinkansen network of high-speed lines.
No Super Tokkyū routes have actually been built.
Concept
The Super Tokkyū concept involves building new narrow-gauge lines along the routes of planned Shinkansen lines. All infrastructure would be built to high-speed Shinkansen standards, including its wider loading gauge, 4,000 m minimum curve radius, and total grade separation, with the ability to convert the lines to in the future. Although they would be slower than regular Shinkansen trains, they would have a speed of more than 200 km/h, enabling some reductions in journey times to be achieved, and total construction expenditure could be spread over a longer period, with travel times gradually reduced as more sections are completed.
The ultimate goal is eventual conversion to standard-gauge Shinkansen track once the entire line is completed, but with gauge change trains (GCTs), it may be possible in the future to upgrade these sections to full Shinkansen specifications even while inter-operation with conventional lines remains in place.
Proposals
In 1991, the Super Tokkyū concept was formally planned to be used as part of the following three Shinkansen extensions:
Kyushu Shinkansen southern section between Yatsushiro and Nishi-Kagoshima
Tohoku Shinkansen extension between Morioka and Hakodate through the Seikan Tunnel
Hokuriku Shinkansen extension beyond Nagano
These schemes were subsequently constructed to full Shinkansen specification lines.
The West Kyushu Shinkansen route to Nagasaki was also initially proposed as a Super Tokkyū line from Takeo-Onsen. However, after construction commenced the proposal changed to incorporate GCTs, resulting in the Takeo Onsen to Nagasaki section (due to open in March 2023) being constructed as standard gauge lines. The service is proposed by GCTs using the Hakata to Shin-Tosu section of the Kyushu Shinkansen, then the narrow gauge line to Takeo Onsen, then the new West Kyushu Shinkansen line for the final section of the trip.
See also
Gauge Change Train, an experimental train designed to operate on both narrow-gauge and standard-gauge routes
Mini-shinkansen, the concept of converting narrow-gauge lines to standard gauge for use by Shinkansen trains
References
Shinkansen
The Circle is a reality competition television franchise, first broadcast in the United Kingdom on Channel 4 in 2018, and subsequently syndicated internationally by Netflix. Each version in the franchise features contestants who live in different apartments in a complex that is isolated from the outside world. The players are continuously monitored during their stay in the apartments by cameras as well as personal audio microphones. Throughout the course of the competition, they are eliminated, or "blocked", until only one remains and wins the cash prize.
As of , four countries (UK, US, Brazil and France) have launched their installments to the franchise with a total of five competitions in the countries aired. All versions of the show are filmed in an apartment block in Salford in the United Kingdom.
Premise and format
The contestants, or "players", move into the same apartment building. However, the contestants do not meet face-to-face during the course of the competition, as they each live in their own individual apartment. They communicate solely using their profiles on a specially-designed social media app that gives them the ability to portray themselves in any way they choose. Players can thus opt to present themselves as a completely different personality to the other players, a tactic known as catfishing; for example, one male player in the first season presented themselves as a female identity, while another female contestant used photos of a woman they felt was more attractive.
Throughout the series, the contestants "rate" one another from first to last place. At the end of the ratings, their average ratings are revealed to one another from lowest to highest. Normally, the two highest-rated players become "Influencers", while the remaining players will be at risk of being "blocked" by the Influencers. However, occasionally there may be a twist to the blocking process – varying from the lowest rating players being instantly blocked, the identity of the Influencers being a secret, or multiple players being blocked at one time. Blocked players are eliminated from the game, but are given the opportunity to meet one player still in the game in-person. Then, the day after a blocking, a video message is shown to the remaining players to reveal if they were real or fake.
During the finale, the contestants rate each other one final time, where the highest rated player wins the game and the cash prize. Some versions of the show also feature a "Fan Favourite" award in which viewers vote for their favourite player to receive to a smaller cash prize.
History
Concept
Tim Harcourt is the creative director of Studio Lambert, which produces the British and American versions of the show. Harcourt wondered what a reality show would look like if the people never met face-to-face. They had also been considering the idea of a bird's-eye view-style documentary of an apartment building, seeing into each of their lives. They began to work on The Circle after hearing that Channel 4 was looking for a reality-show format centered on social media.
International development
The British version of the show premiered in 2018, and was renewed for its second series a few months after the first season ended. After the first series was Channel 4's "youngest profiling" show in six years, according to the British TV industry magazine Broadcast, talks began of international versions. On 8 October 2018, Netflix announced its partnership with All3Media to create three international versions of The Circle on Netflix, including the American version. Brandon Reigg, Netflix's Vice Principal of Unscripted Content, stated, "We think the show's combination of modern social media interaction and competition will captivate Netflix members around the world, in multiple languages, and we're delighted to partner with Studio Lambert and Motion to produce these three new local versions."
The first international version, The Circle in the United States, premiered on 1 January 2020. Soon after, The Circle Brazil started airing on 11 March 2020 and ended on 25 March. Two weeks later, the entire first season of The Circle France was released on 9 April.
On 15 June 2020, Channel 4 announced that they were commissioning The Celebrity Circle, a celebrity version of The Circle as a fundraiser for the Stand Up to Cancer campaign in the UK.
International versions
As of May 25, 2022, 10 winners have been crowned within 5 different versions of The Circle.
Franchise with a currently airing season (0)
Franchise with an upcoming season (1)
Franchise with an unknown status (0)
Franchise awaiting confirmation (0)
Franchise that has ceased to air (3)
Notes
References
Mass media franchises introduced in 2018
Television franchises
Reality television series franchises
Television series about social media
Urban okrug may refer to:
a type of municipal divisions of Russia
a type of administrative divisions of Russia
Patrick Palmer (born November 6, 1962 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is a former Canadian national rugby player.
Palmer played a total of 17 games for Canada, including 3 matches in the 1987 Rugby World Cup, where they scored the first try against Tonga, as well as 3 matches in the 1991 Rugby World Cup.
They also coached the 1994 UBC Old Boys Ravens squad which won its fifth provincial title against Cowichan with some supporters even taking a helicopter to the game on Vancouver Island and briefly hovering overhead to catch a bird's-eye view. In 2001, Palmer coached Canada Under-17 and Canada Sevens. Currently, they coach the St. George's School sevens team.
References
External links
Pat Palmer international stats
1962 births
Living people
Canadian rugby union players
Canadian rugby union coaches
Sportspeople from Vancouver
Canada international rugby union players
University of British Columbia alumni
Bowdoin Rugby Football Club is the men's rugby club of Bowdoin College, founded in 1969 with a combination of students from Bowdoin and men from Portland, Maine. The BRFC shares its origins with the Portland Rugby Club, making it one of the oldest rugby teams in the state of Maine. It is one of the largest non-varsity sports teams at Bowdoin.
History
In 1969, an undergrad named John Philipsborn was kicked off the lacrosse team and with the encouragement of the Bowdoin College President Roger Howell, cobbled together a small group of students and men from Portland, Maine, to learn about a sport that at the time was very foreign to most people at Bowdoin. This group informally existed for a couple years—the first match was against Brown (lost)—but they did beat Dartmouth during the first season. After a few seasons, the Portland players split off to form the Portland Rugby Club.
By the mid 1970s, rugby at Bowdoin had fizzled out when a student named Tom Gimbel ('76) started it anew. Tom recruited a group of players that formed the organization that we have today. Tom recruited Bowdoin alumni such as Jes Staley, Geoff Rusack and Peter Bernard during the mid-seventies era, and the club's knowledge of rugby was sustained by visiting professors and exchange students. Traditions were developed and passed down from class to class by upper classmen.
In the early 1980s, a visiting professor math professor named Rob Curtis helped the team for a few seasons under the leadership of Chris Messerly and Neil Moses.
Women's rugby began in the early 1980s—encouragement and coaching provided by Bowdoin rugger David Weir.
In the mid-1980s, a local Maine resident named Brad Osborn informally helped coach the club. In 1985, a (well deserved) suspension rocked the team and Andy Palmer ‘88 and other players recruited Rick Scala to start coaching and providing supervision per the request of then Bowdoin Athletic Director Sid Watson—Scala's first season was the fall of 1986.
In 1991, the mighty Bowdoin team defeated Middlebury College to win the NESCAC championship.
Bowdoin Ruggers have been selected to represent the New England Rugby Union, the Northeast Rugby Union as well as the All-American Rugby Team. The team is known for its strengths on the field as well as off.
The Bowdoin Men's Rugby Club won the John Hayes Award in 2007. The John Hayes Award is given annually to one team in the New England Rugby Football Union for sportsmanship.
References
External links
Bowdoin College
New England Rugby Football Union
Portland Rugby Club
Bowdoin College
American rugby union teams
The α-factor is used to predict the solid–liquid interface type of material during solidification.
Method
According to John E. Gruzleski in their book Microstructure Development During Metalcasting (1996):
α = (L/k*TE)*(η/v)
where
L is latent heat of fusion
k is Boltzmann's constant
TE is equilibrium freezing temperature
η is the number of nearest neighbours an atom has in the interface plane
v is the number of nearest neighbours in the bulk solid
Since L/TE = ΔSf
where ΔSf is the molar entropy of fusion of the material
α = ΔSf/k(η/v)
According to Martin Glicksman in their book Principles of Solidification : An Introduction to Modern Casting and Crystal Growth Concepts(2011):
α = ΔSf/Rg(η1/Z)
where Rg is the universal gas constant,
(η1/Z) is similar to previous, always 1/4<(η1/Z)<1
Materials science
The 1962–63 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 24th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1962 in Norwegian sport
1963 in Norwegian sport
William Key Bond (October 2, 1792 – February 17, 1864) was a three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1835 to 1841.
Early life and career
Born in St. Mary's County, Maryland, Bond attended schools at Litchfield, Connecticut including Litchfield Law School where they studied law.
They moved to Chillicothe, Ohio in 1812. There, they joined a company of the Ohio Militia during the War of 1812.
In July 1813, they were part of the Expedition of Governor Meigs for the relief of Fort Meigs, which had been besieged for a second time by General Henry Procter and Shawnee chief Tecumseh. On the evening of the second day's march, their regimental commander Colonel Ferguson convened a court martial for a member of the regiment, and appointed Bond as Judge Advocate, in their first appearance as a lawyer.
They returned to Chillicothe and was admitted to the bar.
Congress
Between March 4, 1835, and March 3, 1841, Bond served in the United States House of Representatives – as an Anti-Jacksonian to the Twenty-fourth Congress, and as a Whig to the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Congresses. During their final term, they served as chairperson of the Committee on Public Expenditures. They declined to be a candidate for renomination to the Twenty-seventh Congress, instead moving to Cincinnati and continuing the practice of their profession.
Later career and death
They were appointed surveyor of the port of Cincinnati by President Fillmore, serving in that role between May 2, 1849, and September 28, 1853.
Between 1859 and 1862 they were President of the Cincinnati and Zanesville Railroad.
They died in Cincinnati, Ohio on February 17, 1864, and was interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
References
1792 births
1864 deaths
People from St. Mary's County, Maryland
Politicians from Litchfield, Connecticut
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Politicians from Cincinnati
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Ohio National Republicans
Litchfield Law School alumni
National Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
People from Ohio in the War of 1812
19th-century American lawyers
Matt "Lucky" Yates (born October 18, 1967) is an American actor, voice actor, puppeteer and comedian.  They are known for their voice roles as Dr. Krieger on Archer and the Xtacles on Frisky Dingo. They were also a recurring actor on the Food Network series Good Eats. They studied theater at Wayne State University and regularly performs at Dad's Garage in Atlanta, Georgia.
From 2000 to 2007, they hosted The Lucky Yates Talk Show, a live on-stage weekly talk show in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 2016, Yates was hired as a host for the film streaming service from Turner Classic Movies and The Criterion Collection, FilmStruck.
in 2021, Yates coauthored a comic called "Lester Of The Lesser Gods" with artist Eric Powell.
Filmography
Film
Television
Internet
References
External links
1967 births
21st-century American male actors
American male comedians
American male voice actors
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Male actors from Detroit
Wayne State University alumni
21st-century American comedians
UES may refer to:
C.D. Universidad de El Salvador, a professional football team representing the University of El Salvador
Estadio Universitario UES, a multi-use stadium in San Salvador, El Salvador
FGC UES, the owner and operator of the electricity transmission grid in Russia
RAO UES, an electric power holding company in Russia
UES (cipher), a block cipher designed in 1999 by Helena Handschuh and Serge Vaudenay
User Electronic Signature
Unified Export Strategy, an application process that US agricultural trade promotion groups use to apply for funding
Union des Employes de Service, Local 298 v. Bibeault, a Canadian Supreme Court case regarding judicial review in Canadian administrative law
University of El Salvador, the oldest and one of the most prominent university institutions in El Salvador
Upper East Side, a neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan in New York City
Upper Eastside, a neighborhood of the city of Miami, Florida, United States
Upper esophageal sphincter, the superior portion of the esophagus
Shrigley and Hunt was an English firm which produced stained-glass windows and art tiles.
History
The business began in the 1750s when Shrigley's was a painting, carving and gilding firm in Lancaster, Lancashire.
In 1868, control of Shrigley's was passed to Arthur Hunt, a Londoner, who ran a stained glass and decorating business in the south of England. Hunt had worked under designer Henry Holiday at the firm of Heaton, Butler & Bayne. Holiday influenced Hunt to create brighter, more realistic and more understandable figures and stories from the bible. Hunt's chief designers were Carl Almquist who had also studied under Holiday, and E. H. Jewitt.
From 1878, the firm became known as Shrigley and Hunt, with premises on Castle Hill, Lancaster opposite the main gate of Lancaster Castle. The new company also had a showroom in London.
Hunt died in 1917 and leadership passed to Joseph Fisher. After World War II the company moved to West Road, Lancaster; fire destroyed much of those premises in 1973. The firm closed with Fisher's death in 1982.
Shrigley and Hunt made windows for many churches, including the Priory Church of St Mary in Lancaster and St Paul's Church in Scotforth. Their work can also be found throughout the UK and in Europe.
As well as stained glass, Shrigley and Hunt made ceramic tiles; in the late 19th century these formed an important part of the income of the company. Some of the tiles can be seen still in situ outside their former workshop on Castle Hill. The firm also produced craft decoration including stencilled wall and ceiling decoration.
Lancaster City Museum has a significant holding of Shrigley and Hunt material. This includes two panels by E. L. Eaton, a stained-glass window and its cartoon in the design of John O'Gaunt, several negatives showing posed figures for stained glass artists to copy, and two painted vases by William Lambert. Most other records of Shrigley & Hunt were lost in a fire.
Works
Dated works
The Ascension at St Thomas' Church, Garstang (1877)
North aisle window at St. Paul's Church, Bedford: figures of faith, fortitude and charity (1885)
Three Marys at St James's Church, Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire (1894)
Last Supper at St. Mary's Church, Higham Ferrers, Northamptonshire (1897)
Rhodes and Parkinson memorial windows in transepts of Bradford Cathedral (1898)
Stencilled ceiling decoration in the 1901 Lloyd's Register building at 71 Fenchurch Street in London, designed by Thomas Collcutt
Annunciation at St Mary's Church, Amersham, Buckinghamshire (1905)
Two windows at Holy Trinity Church, Blackpool (1909)
East window at St. Andrew 's Church, Dent (1912)
The Metcalfe Thwaite Memorial Window, St Oswald's Church, Askrigg (1932)
North aisle window and west window at St Michael's Church, St Michael's on Wyre (1936)
Chancel window dedicated to the fallen of 1939-45 at, Mountjoy Parish Church,Cappagh Co.Tyrone (c.1950)
The Annunciation at St Oswald's Church, Preesall (c. 1971)
Gift of Tongues at St Oswald's Church, Preesall (c. 1972)
Undated works
St. Boniface Parish Church, Bonchurch, Isle of Wight. West Windows. St. Faith and St. John the Baptist.
Several signed windows in the Parish Church of St Clement Urmston, Manor Avenue, Urmston M41 9JZ including a domestic scene describing the story of Martha and Mary; also a number of other windows which are attributed to Shrigley and Hunt
See also
British and Irish stained glass (1811–1918)
Victorian Era
Gothic Revival
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Silent footage of window manufacturing at Shrigley & Hunt c.1948 Produced by Sam Hanna, Burnley (Vimeo - North West Film Archive)
Stained Glass in Wales: Shrigley & Hunt (23 images)
British stained glass artists and manufacturers
Glassmaking companies of England
Defunct glassmaking companies
Defunct companies of England
British companies established in 1750
Manufacturing companies established in 1750
Design companies disestablished in 1982
1750 establishments in England
1982 disestablishments in England
British companies disestablished in 1982
Falling Off the Edge of the World was the North American version of The Easybeats album Vigil. It was issued in October 1968 with a different album cover and running order from the UK release. This version was pared down to 12 songs from 14, omitting "Sha La La" and "We All Live Happily Together". A different recording of the title track (known as the "second version") replaced the more common version from the Australian and UK/European releases. This version of the album has also been released on CD, paired with Friday On My Mind on the Collectables label.
Track listing
All songs written by Harry Vanda & George Young except as noted.
Personnel
The Easybeats
Stevie Wright – vocals
Harry Vanda – vocals, lead guitar
George Young – vocals, rhythm guitar
Dick Diamonde – bass guitar
Tony Cahill – drums
Additional musicians
Steve Marriott – vocals on "Good Times"
George Alexander – vocals on "Come In You'll Get Pneumonia"
Production
The Easybeats – producer
Mike Vaughan – producer
Glyn Johns – producer
References
External links
[ allmusic - Falling off the Edge of the World]
The Easybeats albums
1968 albums
"Lost in the Flood" is a song by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on their debut album, Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J. in 1973.
Music and themes
"Lost in the Flood" is a sparse, piano-driven song, seemingly about a Vietnam War veteran. This is the first of many epic Springsteen songs that elicit strong emotions, usually of despair, grief, and small glimpse of hope. The treatment of veterans in the United States has always been a sore spot for Springsteen. The lyrics tell a loose story, invoking a series of images that tell three different stories for each of the three verses.
Lyrics
The first verse is about a "ragamuffin gunner" and has a recurring theme of religion, including references to the "hit-and-run" pleading for "sanctuary" and hiding beneath a "holy stone", while "breakin' beams and crosses with a spastic's reeling perfection" and "nuns run bald through Vatican halls, pregnant, pleading Immaculate Conception". Finally, "everybody's wrecked on Main Street from drinking unholy blood".
The second verse is about a "pure American brother", "Jimmy the Saint", perhaps the same person as the "ragamuffin gunner" from the first verse. This is the beginning of Springsteen's use of automobile themes (along with "The Angel"), as the pure American brother "races Sundays in Jersey in a Chevy stock Super Eight" and "leans on the hood telling racing stories". Eventually, Jimmy the Saint gets into some sort of accident (described as running "headfirst into a hurricane") and presumably dies since "there was nothing left but some blood where the body fell".
The third verse concerns a series of people on the streets of a city, presumably New York. They include "Eighth Avenue sailors in satin shirts", "some storefront incarnation of Maria", "Bronx's best apostle", "the cops", "the whiz-bang gang" and "some kid" who gets shot in the ensuing gun fight and holds "his leg, screaming something in Spanish".
Personnel
According to authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon:
Bruce Springsteen – vocals
Vini "Mad Dog" Lopez – drums
Garry Tallent – bass
David Sancious – keyboards
Steven Van Zandt – explosion sound effect through amplifier in the beginning. (Uncredited)
References
1973 songs
Bruce Springsteen songs
Songs written by Bruce Springsteen
Song recordings produced by Mike Appel
Diana was a fast aviso () or sloop of the Italian Regia Marina which served during the Second World War. Originally designed as a yacht and despatch vessel for the Italian Head of Government, they were converted for military use.
Diana was laid down on 31 May 1939 at the Cantieri Navali del Quarnaro in Fiume, launched on 20 May 1940 and completed on 12 November 1940. The planned main armament consisted of two 90/50 guns, modern anti-aircraft weapons used on the latest Italian battleships, but eventually a pair of old 102/35 4-inch guns was fitted in their place.
Six 20 mm Breda 20/65 mod. 35 guns completed the anti-aircraft defence. During the war Diana was used as fast transport for valued cargo.
The ship left Messina, Italy on 28 June 1942 to bring material and personnel to Tobruk, a city recently reconquered by the Axis forces.
In what they described as their "most satisfactory patrol" in the Mediterranean, in June 1942, Sir Hugh Mackenzie, Commander of the British submarine , reported that on their way back to Alexandria, north of Tobruk, they received a signal about an enemy ship which was due in the area at 12 o'clock on the following day and that it was vitally important to sink the ship (presumed to be the Diana). The ship wasn't sighted the following day, but during the night, they received another signal about the same ship going to be in a certain position at 12 o'clock on the following day, and; that it was vitally important to sink the ship.
The following day, the ship was sighted, eight miles away, in position 33 ° 21 'N and 23 ° 20 'E and between 11:24 and 11:46 they fired four or six torpedoes and hit the ship with two or four of them. Given the flat waters and calm weather, the submarine had been using very little periscope, but after hearing the torpedoes strike, they lifted the periscope and realised there was an escort of 4-6 anti-submarine boats accompanying the ship they had hit.
On 29 June 1942, about 75 miles north of the Gulf of Bomba, Cyrenaica, the Diana found out about the launch of four torpedoes by the English submarine . Two were avoided with a quick pull, but the other two exploded aft (back) causing the sinking of the Diana in less than 15 minutes into position 33 ° 30 'N and 23 ° 30' E dragging with it three-quarters of the men on board to result in a loss of 336 lives.
Some of the escort boats, after having unsuccessfully attacked the Thrasher, lent their first aid to the survivors. Later, between 29 and 30 June, the Arno hospital ship arrived, which took care, albeit in rough seas, of the recovery of all the survivors: 119 men.
References
Notes
Bibliography
1940 ships
Ships built in Italy
Maritime incidents in June 1942
World War II naval ships of Italy
Ships sunk by British submarines
World War II shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
Ships of the Regia Marina
This page is an overview of New Zealand at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
New Zealand competed at the 2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines at the Vélodrome de Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines from 18–22 February 2015. A team of 18 cyclists (7 women, 11 men) was announced to represent the country in the event.
Results
Men
Sources
Women
Sources
New Zealand at the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
New Zealand competed at the 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships at the Lee Valley VeloPark in London, United Kingdom from 2-4 March 2016. A team of 19 cyclists (7 women, 12 men) was announced to represent the country in the event.
Results
Men
Sources
Women
Sources
References
Nations at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships
New Zealand at cycling events
Acer toradense is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from two fossil samaras. The species is solely known from the Early Eocene sediments exposed in northeast Washington state, United States, and the adjacent area of south central British Columbia, Canada. It is one of three species belonging to the extinct section Torada.
History and classification
The species was described from a pair of complete fruit specimens. The holotype fossil was recovered from Resner Canyon, location National Museum of Natural History USNM 11018 in the Toroda Creek Graben of Northeast Washington State. Location USNM 11018 is an outcropping of early Eocene, Ypresian, shale belonging to the Klondike Mountain Formation. The paratype specimen was recovered from sediments of the Ypresian Allenby Formation exposed in the Blue Flame mine near Princeton, British Columbia. Both the Allenby and Klondike Mountain Formations preserve upland temperate floras which were first interpreted as being Microthermal, however further study has shown them to be more mesothermal in nature. The plant community preserved in the Klondike Mountain formation is a mixed confer-broad leaf forest with large pollen elements of birch and golden larch, but also having notable traces of fir, spruce, cypress, and palm. The Allenby formation is similar with the birch and golden larch as strong pollen signals and traces of fir and spruce, however the cypress and palm are not distinct signals.
Acer toradense was described from a pair of specimens, the holotype, number "USNM 396010 A,B" which is currently preserved in the paleobotanical collections housed at the National Museum of Natural History, part of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. and the paratype, "UBCB 2400", is in the paleobotanical collection of the University of British Columbia in Victoria, British Columbia. The specimens were studied by paleobotanists Jack A. Wolfe of the United States Geological Survey, Denver office and Toshimasa Tanai of Hokkaido University. Wolfe and Tanai published their 1987 type description for A. toradense in the Journal of the Faculty of Science, Hokkaido University. The etymology of the chosen specific name toradense is in recognition of the type locality in the Toroda Creek Graben. A. toradense is one of three species assigned to the extinct section Torada. The three members of the section A. stonebergae, A. toradense, and A. washingtonense were known only from the Republic and Princeton fossil localities when first described. Of the three species, both A. stonebergae and A. toradense are only known from the samara fossils, only A. washingtonense has been described from both leaves and samaras. The three are among a number of Acer species described from the Republic and Princeton sites by Wolfe and Tanai.
Description
The samaras of Acer toradense have distinct bifurcating ridges on the nutlet which are unique to section Torada. The overall shape of the samara is ovoid with an average length of up to and a wing width of . The paired samaras for A. toradense have a 45° attachment angle and the attachment scar on the nutlet is . While very similar in morphology to A. washingtonense, the two possibly related species can be separated by the coarse reticulum of veins which is found on A. toradense and not A.washingtonense. The samaras of A. stonebergae are distinguishable from both A. toradense and A.washingtonense by its notably larger overall size.
References
toradense
Prehistoric angiosperms
Plants described in 1987
Fossil taxa described in 1987
Ypresian plants of North America
Extinct flora of North America
Klondike Mountain Formation
Allenby Formation
Fletcher Granite Company is a granite quarry that opened in 1881 in Westford, Massachusetts.
History
In 2003, the company rebuilt their rail line, which connects to Pan Am Railways. At the time, they imported rock from Georgia and transferred it at Iron Horse Park onto trucks, which then transported the stone to the quarry. In 2010, the company ceased operations due to declining revenue.
The company was sold in 2011,
As of 2009, the company also owned a quarry in Milford, New Hampshire.
References
External links
Granite companies
Quarries in the United States
Brian Lamar Prince (born March 24, 1964) is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives and a member of the Democratic Party representing district 127.
Prince serves on the Appropriations, Motor Vehicles, Special Rules, Transportation committees and the Special Committee on Access to Quality Health Care as a member. Prince serves as the Secretary of the Defense & Veterans Affairs Committee.
References
Georgia (U.S. state) Democrats
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
21st-century American politicians
Politicians from Augusta, Georgia
Living people
1964 births
Arizona State University, Tempe 1980 is a live album by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, released in December 2015 and was the ninth official release through the Bruce Springsteen Archives. The songs were performed on November 5, 1980, at the ASU Activity Center in Tempe, Arizona, during The River Tour. Unlike previous archive releases which contain full concerts, this ten-song collection includes only the songs that were missing from the live concert video release on Springsteen's 2015 box set The Ties That Bind: The River Collection.
Track listing
All songs by Bruce Springsteen
Set One
"Darkness on the Edge of Town" – 5:08
"Independence Day" – 7:03
"Factory" – 3:16
"Racing in the Street" – 8:30
"Candy's Room" – 3:29
"The Ties That Bind" – 3:27
"Stolen Car" – 4:50
"Wreck on the Highway" – 4:56
"Point Blank" – 7:57
"Backstreets" – 8:29
Personnel
Bruce Springsteen – lead vocals, guitars, harmonica
Roy Bittan – piano, background vocals
Clarence Clemons – saxophone, percussion, background vocals
Danny Federici – organ, electronic glockenspiel, background vocals
Garry Tallent – bass guitar
Steven Van Zandt – guitars, background vocals
Max Weinberg – drums
References
2015 live albums
Bruce Springsteen Archives
Khorram Dasht Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,360, in 1,708 families. The rural district has 29 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Khomeyn County
Tallest buildings
Notes
G1 Tower rises to a height of 214 metres (700 ft) tall, making it the tallest structure in the prefecture.
Kyoto Tower rises to a height of 131 metres (430 ft) tall, making it the tallest structure in the prefecture.
A replica of the Dom Tower of Utrecht at the Huis Ten Bosch theme park rises to a height of 105 metres (344 ft) tall, making it the tallest structure in the prefecture.
Tokyo Skytree rises to a height of 634 metres (2,080 ft) tall, making it the tallest structure in Japan.
The building's roof antenna increases its total height of 106 metres (347 ft).
References
Prefecture
Tallest
William Robert Warnock (August 29, 1838 – July 30, 1918) was an American lawyer, politician, and veteran of the Civil War who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1901 to 1905.
Biography
Born in Urbana, Ohio, Warnock attended public schools. They taught school in Urbana 1856-1868. During this time, they graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio, in 1861. They then commenced the study of law.
Civil War
They entered the Union Army on July 21, 1862, as captain of Company G, 95th Ohio Infantry. They were promoted to major on July 28, 1863, they were promoted to major and further promoted on March 15, 1865 to become a brevetted lieutenant colonel. From April to August 1865, Warnock was the Chief of staff for the Eastern District of Mississippi. They mustered out August 14, 1865.
Career
Warnock then resumed the study of law and was admitted to the bar in 1866 and commenced practice in Urbana. They served as prosecuting attorney 1868-1872. Warnock also served as member of the board of school examiners of Champaign County 1870-1876. Along with their position as a trustee of Ohio Wesleyan University, which they held for twenty-five years, Warnock was also a member of the Ohio State Senate in 1876 and 1877. Warnock also resided as the judge of the court of common pleas in the second district of Ohio from 1879 through 1889. Warnock was also the president of the National Bank of Urbana.
Congress
Warnock was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-seventh and Fifty-eighth Congresses (March 4, 1901 – March 3, 1905). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of War (Fifty-eighth Congress). However, they were not a candidate for renomination. They became a United States pension agent in Columbus, Ohio from 1906 to 1910. Warnock then held a position as the Commander of the department of Ohio, Grand Army of the Republic, in 1913 and 1914.
Death
Warnock died in Urbana, Ohio, July 30, 1918 and was interred in Oakdale Cemetery.
Family
Warnock was married August 20, 1868 to Catherine Murray of Clark County and had three children.
Warnock was a Methodist, a member of the Grand Army of the Republic, and a Freemason.
References
Retrieved on 2009-04-21
1838 births
1918 deaths
People from Urbana, Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Ohio state senators
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Grand Army of the Republic officials
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Uwe Freiler (born 2 May 1966 in Limbach (Saarland)) is a retired German football player. They spent four seasons in the Bundesliga with FC 08 Homburg and SV Waldhof Mannheim.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
People from Saarlouis (district)
German footballers
Association football forwards
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
FC 08 Homburg players
SV Waldhof Mannheim players
Footballers from Saarland
FK Pirmasens players
Libyan Crimes Watch (LCW) is a non-governmental, non-profit human rights organization established in 2019 at the initiative of independent human rights activists, registered in the United Kingdom, and mainly specialized in monitoring and documenting crimes and all human rights violations in Libya, and aims to spread a culture of human rights and work to bring criminals to justice .
The Libyan Crimes Watch Organization relies in its work on field investigative research carried out by a monitoring team in the organization in various Libyan regions. This research is based on investigating the facts of human rights violations, in order to obtain accurate information about the facts, their circumstances, the identity of the victims and the violating parties. It also documents testimonies, evidence, presumptions, records and related documents for examination and verification. The organization called on the Government of National Unity and the authorities in eastern Libya to end all human rights violations, including kidnappings and enforced disappearances.
The Libyan Crimes Watch Organization called on Haftar's forces to stop targeting residential communities, to spare civilians the armed conflict, and to abide by international humanitarian law "the rules of war", and held them legally and morally responsible for these grave human rights violations. It called on the UN Security Council and the United Nations Support Mission in Libya to assume their responsibilities to protect civilians in Libya, and to send a fact-finding committee to investigate war crimes and bring the perpetrators to justice.
The Libyan Crimes Watch Organization monitors the human rights situation in Libya, and interacts with violations daily by publishing on its Facebook and Twitter platforms, as well as publishing data on the website and monthly reports summarizing the human rights violations that have been monitored and documented throughout Libya. The organization also participates in signing the Joint statements with international and local organizations with common competencies. The organization works effectively within the Libyan platform, and is a founding member of the Libyan Anti-Torture Network. It is also a member of the KeepItOn coalition against the internet shutdown.
See also
International human rights law
References
Organizations based in Libya
Human rights organizations
O filos mou o Lefterakis (Greek: , Alternate translations: My Friend, Lefterakis or Lefterakis, My Friend) is a 1963 Greek comedy film starring Dinos Iliopoulos, Kostas Voutsas and Maro Kontou.
Plot
Thodoros (Dinos Iliopoulos) is an affluent civil engineer married to Fofo (Maro Kontou). Thodoros has "invented" an out-of-town friend, Lefterakis, who conveniently happens to be in Athens every time Thodoros wants to have a night out with their mistress.
One evening, while in the middle of a card game with their friend Thanassis (Giorgos Konstantinou), they start explaining their scam to him. However, they are interrupted by the maid, who announces that Lefterakis has just arrived from Patras. Fofo, apparently oblivious to their husband's horror and Thanassis' confusion, invites Lefterakis (Kostas Voutsas) to spend a couple of days at their place.
Over the next couple of days, Thodoros is becoming more and more paranoid, as they first suspect that someone is playing a prank on him, then that he's being blackmailed, and, as the fake Lefterakis seems to know a lot of details about him, that he's indeed losing their mind.
In the end, it is revealed that Fofo has known about Thodoros's infidelities and the invention of "Lefterakis" for a while. Fofo has planned the whole thing to teach them a lesson, asking a friend to impersonate "Lefterakis". The couple finally decides to put their differences aside when Fofo announces she's pregnant.
Cast
Dinos Iliopoulos ..... Thodorakis / Theodoros Vlassis
Kostas Voutsas ..... Lefterakis / Eleftherios Tsambardis / Babis Davos
Maro Kontou ..... Fofo Vlassi
Giorgos Konstantinou ..... Thanassis Kadris
Kaiti Panou ..... Eleni Kadri
Christos Tsaganeas ..... Dr. Karatzamoulis
Nikitas Platis ..... Madman
Katerina Yioulaki ..... Katina
Margarita Athanasiou ..... Rena
Box office
The movie sold 61,734 tickets.
Music
Songs: Mary-Linda, Manolis Hiotis and the Broyer sisters (Errika and Margarita)
External links
1963 films
1963 comedy films
Greek comedy films
1960s Greek-language films
Ozeaneum is a public aquarium in the German city of Stralsund. It is a main attraction of the German Oceanographic Museum (Deutsches Meeresmuseum), arguably one of the three largest institutions of its kind in Europe.
The Ozeaneum — located at the historical Stralsund harbour on the Baltic coast — opened its doors in July 2008. It displays primarily sea life of the North Sea and the Baltic Sea.
The Ozeaneum was expected to be a major tourist attraction, and receive 550,000 visitors per year. It proved to be considerably more attractive than expected, and by the end of the first year had already had over 900,000 visitors. The millionth visit occurred on 27 July 2009.
On 22 May 2010, the OZEANEUM Stralsund received the European Museum of the Year Award in a ceremony in the Finnish town of Tampere.
Notes
External links
Report on the Construction of Ozeaneum Aquarium
Manufacturer of Acrylic Windows Throughout Aquarium
Ozeaneum at Google Cultural Institute
Aquaria in Germany
Oceanaria
Science museums in Germany
Tourist attractions in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Stralsund
Museums in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Union territory is a kind of administrative division in India. It may also refer to:
Naypyidaw Union Territory, a division of Burma
Union-controlled territory in the American Civil War
Specifically, Union areas designated as "territories" rather than states during the American Civil War
See also
Federal territory
The Peel Manxcar was a prototype 2+2 seater saloon car designed by Cyril Cannell and Henry Kissack and manufactured in 1955 by the Manx Peel Engineering Company. The projected purchase price of the assembled Manxcar was "....ten shillings short of £300, including purchase tax." Initially renamed from "Peel Manxman" because of the Excelsior (Coventry) motorbike of the same name, the Manxcar never entered standard production.
References
External links
Peel Engineering Company
page for Manxcar at peelcars.com
Microcars
Three-wheeled motor vehicles
Peel Engineering Company
Sedans
Gregoria Apaza (June 23 1751– September 5 1782), was an indigenous leader in Bolivia. In 1781, they participated with their brother Julian Apaza (Tupac Katari) and sister-in-law Bartolina Sisa in a major indigenous revolt against Spanish colonial rule in Bolivia. These Aymara leaders laid siege to the cities of La Paz and Sorata before being defeated and executed.
References
"Indians of Latin America", accessed July 14, 2006
"The International day of Indigenous Woman" accessed July 16, 2006
del Valle de Siles, María Eugenia (1981). Bartolina Sisa y Gregoria Apaza: dos heroínas indígenas. Biblioteca Popular Boliviana de "Última Hora". p. 73.
1751 births
1782 deaths
Bolivian people of Aymara descent
18th-century Bolivian people
Indigenous leaders of the Americas
Bolivian rebels
Indigenous rebellions against the Spanish Empire
Women in 18th-century warfare
Women in war in South America
Sir Michael John Darrington (born 8 March 1942) is a British business person.
Early life
They were educated at Lancing College in Sussex.
Career
They later qualified as a chartered accountant and spent 17 years with United Biscuits from 1966–83, latterly in general management. During this time they attended the PMD course at Harvard Business School in 1974.
Greggs
They joined Greggs Bakery in 1983 and was appointed Managing Director in January 1984.
Personal life
They were awarded a knighthood in the 2004 New Year Honours in recognition of their services to business and to the community in the North East. They married Paula Setterington in 1965, and has two daughters and a son. Currently resides in Northumberland.
References
Greggs
Living people
1942 births
British food industry businesspeople
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Harvard Business School alumni
Knights Bachelor
People educated at Lancing College
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bony is a 2021 Indian Bengali-language sci-fi thriller film directed by Parambrata Chatterjee, starring Koel Mullick, Anjan Dutt, and Chatterjee. The film is a screen adaptation of the eponymous novel written by Bengali novelist Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay and is produced by Nishpal Singh under the banner of Surinder Films. The film was shot in Tuscany, Italy.
Synopsis
The story of the film revolves around a Bengali couple, settled in Milan. Their newborn son Bony has some special powers. An America-born Bangladeshi on the run scientist, framed by the government with suspected links to terrorism, is looking for the couple and their newborn. They think they have answers to theirs questions.
Cast
Parambrata Chatterjee as Bony's father, Sabyasachi
Koel Mallick as Bony's mother, Pratibha
Anjan Dutt as Saukat Osman, a scientist
Marco Brinzi as Spia italiana
Zachary Coffin as Petrov
Giada Benedetti as Doctor
Deepak Halder
Kanchan Mallick as Rammohan
Soundtrack
Release
The film released theatrically on 10 October 2021 coinciding the Puja holidays.
References
External links
2021 films
Bengali-language Indian films
Film productions suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Indian science fiction thriller films
Films based on Indian novels
Films shot in Italy
Films shot in Tuscany
2020s Bengali-language films
Films shot in Kolkata
Films based on works by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay
Films scored by Anupam Roy
In Hawaiian mythology, Laʻa Maomao is the god of the wind. They were said to be created in the midst of chaos by their father, the sun god. Largely a benevolent entity, they are the god of forgiveness.
See also
Raka Maomao
Fa'atiu
Notes
Hawaiian gods
Wind deities
"Old Bridges Burn Slow" is a song written by Joe South, Jerry Meadors, and Sanford Brown, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Joe Royal. It was released in February 1987 as the fourth single from the album Looking Ahead. The song reached number 11 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Chart performance
References
1987 singles
1986 songs
Billy Joe Royal songs
Songs written by Joe South
Atlantic Records singles
The grey-bellied spinetail (Synallaxis cinerascens) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in the South American countries of Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
grey-bellied spinetail
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
grey-bellied spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zádor is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
History
According to László Szita the settlement was completely Hungarian in the 18th century.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Institut National de Recherches en Sante Publique is a national research institute in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located on the Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser, opposite the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania and just east of the Ministry of Energy headquarters.
References
Universities in Mauritania
Nouakchott
"See, amid the Winter's Snow", also known as "The Hymn for Christmas", is an English Christmas carol, written by Edward Caswall and first published in 1858. In 1871 Sir John Goss composed a hymn tune for it, "Humility", and as "Hymn for Christmas Day", it was included in Christmas Carols New And Old, the anthology edited by Henry Ramsden Bramley and John Stainer .
History
Caswall wrote "See, amid the winter's snow" shortly after converting from the Church of England to the Roman Catholic Church and joining the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri. The hymn was published earliest in 1858 as part of The Masque of Mary and Other Poems by Caswall. In 1871, John Goss wrote the tune "Humility" specifically for the carol. Later in the year, Bramley and Stainer selected "See, amid the winter's snow" to be published nationwide in their "Christmas Carols Old and New" hymn book. It was selected to be included in "Christmas Carols Old and New" as one of the carols that had "proved their hold upon the popular mind". While the carol became popular, a number of verses were cut from later publications of "See, amid the Winter's Snow". This includes the original final verse about the Virgin Mary, which was often cut out of non-Catholic hymnals.
The artist Edward Dalziel used the words of this hymn below their engraving of the English downland with animals, even though the engraving did not have any snow in it.
The tune has been re-used in a variety of social protest and union songs in the late 20th century, beginning with "Coal, Not Dole", written in the mid-1980s by Kay Sutcliffe about the closing of the Kent coal fields to a tune by Paul Abrahams, but later reset to Goss's tune at the suggestion of John Tams and recorded by Coope Boyes and Simpson. Shelley Posen wrote "No More Fish, No Fishermen" in 1996 about the end of the cod fishery in Newfoundland. Australian John Warner wrote "Bring out the Banners" on the 150th anniversary of Australia's eight-hour work day rule in 1996.
Composition and analysis
"See, amid the winter's snow" was initially composed with seven verses of four lines with a chorus after each one. The chorus' line calls for the listener to "sing through all Jerusalem, Christ is born in Bethlehem". Several hymnbooks do not contain all seven verses. Goss gave advice in the music that the carol would be best performed solo by a "Treble or Tenor or, alternatively". The writer J. R. Watson commented on study of the hymn that was an example of Caswell's objectivity. They also stated that the hymn develops a dialogue with the singers and the shepherds collectively rather than individually. Aled Jones commented that the usage of snow in the carol was a message of purity against the sins of the world.
Lyrics
The lyrics to this carol's usage in the majority of hymnals are as follows:
See, amid the winter's snow,
Born for us on Earth below,
See, the tender Lamb appears,
Promised from eternal years.
Chorus:
Hail, thou ever blessed morn,
Hail redemption's happy dawn,
Sing through all Jerusalem,
Christ is born in Bethlehem.
Lo, within a manger lies
They who built the starry skies;
They who, throned in height sublime,
Sits among the cherubim.
Hail…
Say, ye holy shepherds, say,
What your joyful news today;
Wherefore has ye left your sheep
On the lonely mountain steep?
Hail…
"As we watched at dead of night,
Lo, we saw a wondrous light:
Angels singing 'Peace On Earth'
Told us of the Saviour's birth."
Hail…
Sacred Infant, all divine,
What a tender love was Thine,
Thus to come from the highest bliss
Down to such a world as this.
Hail…
Teach, O teach us, Holy Child,
By Thy face so meek and mild,
Teach us to resemble Thee,
In Thy sweet humility.
Hail…
Virgin Mother, Mary blest
By the joys that fill thy breast,
Pray for us, that we may prove
Worthy of the Saviour's love.
Hail…
Melody
References
Christmas carols
1871 songs
Songs about weather
The East Siberian Oblast was an early oblast of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, which existed from December 5, 1936 to September 26, 1937. It was created when the East Siberian Krai was divided into the East Siberian Oblast and the Buryat Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1936 and ceased to exist after being split into the Irkutsk Oblast and the Chita Oblast in 1937.
According to the 1937 All-Union Census, its population was 1,897,049 persons.
The Oblast was made up of 45 districts and its administrative centre was the city of Irkutsk.
References
Oblasts of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
Chlorinated polyethylene (PE-C or CPE) is an inexpensive variation of polyethylene, where chlorine is substituted for some of the hydrogen atoms. CPE has a chlorine content from 34 to 44%.
Due to its soft, rubbery texture, CPE is added to polyvinyl chloride to increase its impact and weather resistance. Furthermore, it is used for softening PVC foils, without risking plasticizer migration.
Chlorinated polyethylene can be crosslinked with peroxides to form an elastomer which is used in cable and rubber industries. When chlorinated polyethylene is added to other polyolefins, it reduces the flammability. Chlorinated polyethylene is sometimes used in power cords as an outer jacket.
Chlorinated polyethylene is listed on the Living Building Institute's Red List of materials that cannot be used.
References
Organic polymers
Plastics
A squamulose lichen is a lichen that is composed of small, often overlapping "scales" called squamules. If they are raised from the substrate and appear leafy, the lichen may appear to be a foliose lichen, but the underside does not have a "skin" (cortex), as foliose lichens do.
Squamulose lichens are composed of flattish units that are usually tightly clustered. They are like an intermediate between crustose and foliose lichens.
Examples of squamulose lichen include Vahliella leucophaea, Cladonia subcervicornis and Lichenomphalia hudsoniana.
References
Lichenology
Rising Star is a Hungarian singing reality competition television series, and the Hungarian edition of the international reality television franchise Rising Star. It is based on the Israeli singing competition HaKokhav HaBa (meaning The Next Star) produced by Keshet Broadcasting Ltd. The program format lets viewers vote for contestants via mobile apps. The show premiered in 2014 on channel TV2.
Series summary
Season 1 (2014–2015)
Elimination table
References
External links
Official website (in Hungarian)
2014 Hungarian television series debuts
2015 Hungarian television series endings
Hungarian television shows
Rising Star (franchise)
Talent shows
2010s Hungarian television series
Hungarian-language television shows
Panamerican records in the sport of track cycling are ratified by the Confederación Panamericana de Ciclismo (COPACI).
Men
Women
* In 2013, the 3000m team pursuit, 3 rider formats was replaced by the UCI with a 4000m team pursuit, 4 people format.
References
External links
COPACI official web site
Panamerican Championships and Panamerican Games Track Cycling records
Cycle racing in North America
Cycle racing in South America
Track cycling records
Cycling, track
The following were mayors of Sandwich, Kent, England:
1214: Augar or Algar
Before 1227: Helyas de Kingston and Peter the Baker
1348–1349: William Ive
1376–78: William Ive
1457 John Drury, who was killed in a French attack on the town, and in whose memory the mayor wears a black robe
1555–6, 1559–60: John Manwood
1665–66: James Thurbarne
References
Sandwich
Sandwich, Kent
Sandwich
Muhammad Mallya Beg Khan, also known as Malla-Khan, was the Khan of Kokand from 1858 to 1862; they were the son of Murad Beg Khan and the stepbrother of Khudayar Khan. They were assassinated in 1862 and succeeded by their seventeen-year-old stepbrother Shah Murad Khan, who ruled for only several days until Muhammad Khudayar Khan came back to power.
During their rule the land of the present-day city of Bishkek was annexed to the Khanate and expanded construction projects on the Chu River. Their regent Alimqul controlled many affairs of the Khanate and was to some extent it's de facto ruler.
In 1859 the Russians occupied Fort Julek, which according to Russian governor-general of Orenburg, was to protect Fort Perovski; In 1861 they rebuilt the fortress and demolished the Yani Kurgan fortress. As Kokand gradually expanded their dominion North into the area occupied by Kazakhs subject and to Tokmak, and others that had already occupied, relations with Russia further deteriorated into an all out war.
Dissatisfaction with high taxes and Alimqul's hostility towards the population of Kokand led to Mallakhan's overthrow and replacement by Shah Murad Khan.
References
Khans of Kokand
1812 births
1862 deaths
19th-century monarchs in Asia
19th-century murdered monarchs
Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology (JKUAT) is a public university that is situated in Juja, 36 kilometres northeast of Nairobi, along the Nairobi-Thika SuperHighway, off Exit 15. .It offers courses in Technology, Engineering, Science, Commerce, Management and Building sciences. The university has a strong research interest in the areas of biotechnology and engineering. Notable alumni include Dr. Paul Chepkwony, the first Governor of Kericho County in Kenya and a former lecturer, Emma Miloyo, a prominent Kenyan architect and the first female President of the Architectural Association of Kenya, as well as Aden Duale, the former Leader of Majority in the 11th Kenyan Parliament among others.
History
The university was started in 1981 as Jomo Kenyatta College of Agriculture and Technology (JKCAT), a middle-level college by the government of Kenya with assistance from the Japanese government. Plans for the establishment of JKCAT started in 1977. In early 1978, the Kenyan president, Jomo Kenyatta, donated 200 hectares of farmland for the establishment of the college. The first group of students were admitted on 4 May 1981. The new president Daniel Arap Moi formally opened JKUAT on 17 March 1982.
The first graduation ceremony was held in April 1984 with diploma certificates presented to graduates in agricultural engineering, food technology and horticulture. On 1 September 1988, Moi declared JKUAT a constituent College of Kenyatta University through a legal notice, under the Kenyatta University Act (CAP 210C). The name of JKUAT officially changed to Jomo Kenyatta University College of Agriculture and Technology (JKUAT). It was finally established as a university through the JKUAT Act, 1994 and inaugurated on 7 December 1994.
In June 2019, the university graduated 118 PhDs, of whom 89 were from the College of Human Resource Development. The Commission for University Education said it would investigate allegations that rule on supervisor–student ratios and peer review had been breached.
Boards, Colleges, Faculties, Institutes, Schools and Campuses
Jomo Kenyatta has the following campuses, schools, faculties, institutes and colleges:
Schools
School of Medicine (Main campus)
School of Pharmacy (Main campus)
School of Computing and Information Technology
School of Architecture & Building Sciences
School of Civil, Environmental and Geospatial Engineering
School of Electrical, Electronic and Information Engineering
School of Law (based at the Karen Campus)
School of Mechanical, Manufacturing and Materials Engineering
School of Biosystems and Environmental Engineering (SoBEE) - Main Campus
School of Business
Institutes
Institute of Energy & Environment Technology
Institute for Biotechnology Research
Faculties, Campuses, Centres
Board of Postgraduate Studies
College of Engineering and Technology
College of Agriculture and Natural Resources
College of Pure and Applied Sciences
College of Health Sciences
College of Human Resource and Development
Main Campus — Juja
Karen Campus
Westlands Campus (formerly Nairobi Campus)
Kigali Campus — (Kigali, Rwanda)
Nairobi CBD Centre
Mombasa CBD Centre
Nakuru CBD Centre
Kisii CBD Centre
Kitale CBD Centre
Kisumu CBD Centre
Kakamega CBD Centre
Eldoret CBD Centre
Arusha Centre
Accommodation and catering
The university offers accommodation to some of the students at subsidized rates. There are six students' hostels inside the school compound, of which three are occupied by males and three by females. Halls 3, 5, 6 are occupied by males while Halls 1, 2 and 4 are occupied by females.
There are three student dining cafeterias: the Candle in the Wind, Main Mess and the Hall Six dining mess. The food prices are subsidized at the dining mess. Breakfast is served between 6.30-8.00am,Lunch 11am-2pm,Supper 5pm-8pm.
Library
The university has a library that has a seating capacity of 600 students and is stocked with 80,000 volumes. The library also offers other essential services like online services, reference, interlibrary loan, user education, orientation, online information services, photocopying, binding and repair. Some of the books available in the Library includes Season of Vipers by Tuti Danis Odongo.
Regional institutions
In February 2010, JKUAT was selected as the host for the East and Central Africa regional institute of the Pan African University. The post-graduate Institute on Basic Sciences, Technology and Innovation would be hosted at the Main Campus in Juja, with the first students admitted in September 2011. The decision that Kenya would host the regional institute was made in July 2010 after a protracted dispute. JKUAT hosts the African Institute for Capacity Development (AICAD).
Hosts Pan African University
The Chinese government agreed to support the development of infrastructure, classrooms, hostels and laboratories at JKUAT based Pan African University, Institute of Basic Sciences, Technology and Innovation (PAUIST), an initiative by the African Union. The agreement was signed on 25 April 2012 between Kenya's Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology, represented by Bernard Malenga and JKUAT's vice-chancellor Mabel Imbuga, and an eight-person Chinese delegation led by Yin Youhua.
References
External links
JKUAT
JKUAT Alumni & International Students' Office
Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology
Education in Nairobi
Education in Central Province (Kenya)
Jomo Kenyatta
1994 establishments in Kenya
Educational institutions established in 1994
The 2019-20 Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey season was the 57th season of play for the program, the 47th at the Division I level, and the 36th season in the Hockey East conference. The Catamounts represented the University of Vermont and were coached by Kevin Sneddon, in their 17th season.
In early February, Kevin Sneddon announced that they would retire at the end of the season.
Roster
As of September 7, 2019.
|}
Standings
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" |
Scoring statistics
Goaltending statistics
Rankings
References
Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey seasons
Vermont Catamounts
Vermont Catamounts
2019 in sports in Vermont
2020 in sports in Vermont
The 24th Cavalry Division was a cavalry division of the United States Army, mostly drawn from the National Guards of the Midwest states. It was created after World War I from the perceived need for additional cavalry units. It numbered in succession of the Regular Army divisions, which were not all active at its creation. Going into World War II, the US Army Cavalry Branch contained three Regular Armies, four National Guard, and six Organized Reserve cavalry divisions, as well as one independent cavalry brigade.
Like the other National Guard cavalry divisions, the 24th Cavalry Division was geographically dispersed across the United States. At various points during its existence, the division was composed of, or intended to have been composed of, personnel from the Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming National Guards.
History
The 24th Cavalry Division was constituted in the National Guard in 1921 and assigned to the Third Army. It was reassigned to the Fourth Army in 1932. The division was not as affected by reorganizations as the other three National Guard cavalry divisions, and was able to organize its headquarters by 1936, three years before the other divisions. Like all National Guard cavalry divisions, a significant impediment to training was the geographical dispersion of the division's units, which made the assembly of units larger than a regiment difficult.
Organization (1940)
The headquarters location of the unit is shown where organized. Two asterisks indicated the unit was allotted, but unorganized or inactive, with the state of headquarters allocation shown.
Headquarters (Topeka, Kansas)
Headquarters, Special Troops (Iowa National Guard) **
Headquarters Troop (Tacoma, Washington)
24th Signal Troop (Sioux City, Iowa)
128th Ordnance Company (Medium) (Iowa National Guard) **
24th Tank Company (Light) (Not allotted)
57th Cavalry Brigade (Des Moines, Iowa)
Headquarters Troop (Des Moines, Iowa)
113th Cavalry Regiment (Des Moines, Iowa)
114th Cavalry Regiment (Topeka, Kansas)
58th Cavalry Brigade (Boise, Idaho)
Headquarters Troop (Nampa, Idaho)
115th Cavalry Regiment (Cheyenne, Wyoming)
116th Cavalry Regiment (Boise, Idaho)
24th Reconnaissance Squadron (Torrington, Wyoming)
168th Field Artillery Regiment (Denver, Colorado)
128th Engineer Squadron (Colorado National Guard) **
124th Medical Squadron (Colorado National Guard) **
124th Quartermaster Squadron (Iowa National Guard) **
120th Observation Squadron (Denver, Colorado)
Disbandment
Pre-war United States Army planning did not contemplate the use of National Guard or Organized Reserve cavalry divisions in wartime. After the disbandment of the National Guard cavalry divisions, former division units either remained intact and separate, were absorbed by other units, were converted to units of other arms, or were disbanded. The 24th Cavalry Division was inactivated on 6 October 1940, and was disbanded on 1 November 1940.
References
Colorado. National Guard of the State of Colorado: Pictorial 1939 Review. Atlanta: Army-Navy Publishers, 1939. Provided a detachment to the 24th Cavalry Division.
U.S. Army Order of Battle 1919–1941, Volume 2. The Arms: Cavalry, Field Artillery, and Coast Artillery, 1919–41 by Lieutenant Colonel (Retired) Steven E. Clay, Combat Studies Institute Press, Fort Leavenworth, KS, 2011
Maneuver and Firepower, The Evolution of Divisions and Separate Brigades, by John B. Wilson, Center of Military History, Washington D.C., 1998
Cavalry Regiments of the U S Army by James A. Sawicki Wyvern Pubns; June 1985
External links
Formations of the United States Army
24
David Lesole Dichaba is a South African politician who serves as a Member of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature. They took office as an MPL on 22 May 2019.  They are the Chairperson of both the Portfolio Committee on Education, Sport, Arts & Culture and the Standing Committee on Constitutional Affairs, Petitions and Public Participation. Dichaba is a member of the ruling African National Congress (ANC).
References
External links
David Lesole Dichaba – People's Assembly
Profile: Mr David Lesole Dichaba – Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
Living people
People from the Northern Cape
South African politicians
Members of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
Year of birth missing (living people)
Thomas Burns (10 April 1796 – 23 January 1871) was a prominent early European settler and religious leader of the province of Otago in New Zealand.
Early life
Thomas Burns was born at Mossgiel, Mauchline, on 10 April 1796. They were the third son of estate manager Gilbert Burns and Jean Breckenridge, and nephew of Robert Burns. In their childhood Thomas attended Haddington Grammar School (where Edward Irving was their teacher) and then the University of Edinburgh, where they studied theology.
They were employed as a tutor in the family of Sir Hew Dalrymple, of North Berwick before being been ordained as minister of the parish of Ballantrae on 13 April 1826. From Ballantrae they were translated to the parish of Monkton, Ayrshire, on 18 May 1830. In 1830 they married Clementina Grant, the daughter of an episcopal minister in Edinburgh. The couple lived in Monkton, where Clementina's uncle had been Presbyterian minister. They moved to the Free Church, Portobello, on 25 June 1846. In 1847 they left for Otago, New Zealand, where they were from 1848 to 1854 the sole minister of the Scottish colonists.
Move to Dunedin
With their family, they joined at Greenock the Philip Laing, under the command of Captain Andrew Elles, which, with the John Wickliff, appointed to sail from London, had been chartered to convey the first emigrants to Otago. These vessels left their respective ports on November 27, 1847. The John Wickliff reached Port Chalmers on March 23, 1848, and the Philip Laing on April 15 following. The day after the arrival of the Philip Laing being the Sabbath, the passengers on both ships assembled on board the Philip Laing for Divine service, which was conducted by Mr. Burns. On the following Sabbath Divine service was held in Dunedin, when Mr. Burns preached. From that time to February 1854 Mr. Burns continued alone to minister to the religious needs of the settlers, the majority of whom had located themselves in Dunedin and neighbourhood, while some had settled at Port Chalmers, and others had taken up land in the Taieri, Tokomairiro, and Clutha districts, all of whom were periodically visited by Mr. Burns. From their ministerial visits southwards Mr. Burns was relieved by the arrival, in February 1854, of the Rev. William Will and the Rev. William Bannerman, with whom they took part in constituting the Presbytery of Otago in June following, and of which they were the first Moderator. Further relief was given them by the settlement of Rev. William Johnstone, at Port Chalmers, in June 1858, and by the subdivision of the Free Church, Dunedin, by the formation of Knox Church, under the pastorate of the Rev. D. M. Stuart, in 1860.
In 1861 Mr. Burns received the diploma of Doctor of Divinity from the University of Edinburgh. In 1866, on the formation of the synod as the Supreme Court of the Church, rendered necessary by the increase of ministers throughout Otago and Southland, and the formation of several presbyteries, Dr. Burns presided as first Moderator.
Final years
Advancing years and failing health led to the appointment of a colleague and successor in the person of the Rev. George Sutherland in 1868. Towards the close of 1870 Dr. Burns retired wholly from public duties.
Death and legacy
Burns died on January 23, 1871. A monument to their memory has been erected in Dunedin, not far from the spot where one of their illustrious uncle Robert Burns has stood for some years past. Whilst Captain Cargill was the lay organiser and ruler of the Otago settlement, the late Dr. Burns was its spiritual guide and adviser. It was in 1844 that the New Zealand Company, perceiving the wonderful life which animated the free Church, approached them with a view to found a Free Church colony in New Zealand. The offer was entertained, and the Laymen's Association for planting the colony of Otago was organised, with Dr. Alcorn for its secretary in Glasgow and Mr. John M'Glashan for its secretary in Edinburgh. The Association, with the utmost unanimity, fixed on Captain Cargill to be the Moses and Dr. Burns to be the Aaron of the enterprise, as Dr. Stuart phrased it. It is well known that Sir William Chambers was one of those who directed attention to Dr. Burns as in all respects suitable for the office of pioneer minister. The doctor devoted much time to the advocacy of the scheme, and in their speeches they gave prominence to its objects—the settlement of the people on their own acres and the planting of church and school within their reach.
At the age of 47, Burns joined the Free Church secession from the Church of Scotland. The proposal for a Free Church settlement in New Zealand gained Burns's interest, and they were offered the position of minister of the New Edinburgh scheme (later the Otago scheme) in June 1843. Burns and William Cargill established a lay association to promote the settlement in May 1845.
On 27 November 1847, Burns and 239 settlers sailed on the Philip Laing from Greenock, among them their wife, five daughters, and one son, Arthur John Burns. They arrived at the new settlement of Dunedin on 15 April 1848. They knew farming skills from their childhood and upbringing, and established a farm at Andersons Bay on Otago Harbour, which they named Grants Brae, after a house in which their father had lived in Ayrshire.
They were a strict but practical man in the early days of the new settlement. A firm and devout churchman, Burns created a strong Presbyterian church as a cornerstone of the new settlement. They presided over the setting up of the Synod of Otago and Southland in 1866, and established the presbyteries of Dunedin, Clutha and Southland. A strong supporter of education, they helped establish both Otago Boys' High School and Otago Girls' High School during the 1860s, and was on the founding committee of the University of Otago, of which they were first Chancellor from 1869 until their death on 23 January 1871.
Death
 They are buried in Dunedin Southern Cemetery. Their wife Clementina survived them by seven years.
Family
They married 4 January 1830, Clementina (died 19 July 1878), daughter of James Francis Grant, rector of Merston, Sussex, and niece of John Steel Outerson, and had issue—
Arthur John, born 22 October 1830
Clementina, born 24 July 1832 (married 14 June 1848, A. J. Ellis, Collector of Customs)
Jane, born 23 January 1835 (married 21 May 1856, William Bannerman, minister of Presbyterian Church, Tokomairiro and Clutha, New Zealand)
Ann, born 25 June, and died 1 Dec. 1837
Annie, born 20 July 1839 (married Henry Livingstone)
Frances, born 25 October 1841 (married Alexander Livingstone)
Agnes
Isabella (married Alexander Stevenson, Dunedin).
References
Citations
Sources
Stored electronically at the ''New Zealand Electronic Text Collection.
External links
The Doctor Burns Memorial, Octagon, Dunedin Burton Bros, 1890s
1796 births
1871 deaths
New Zealand people of Scottish descent
People from Mauchline
Religious leaders from Dunedin
History of Dunedin
Burials at Dunedin Southern Cemetery
Settlers of Otago
New Zealand Presbyterian ministers
Alumni of New College, Edinburgh
Thomas
Chancellors of the University of Otago
Scottish emigrants to New Zealand
Ray Kruse Iles is a biomedical scientist who was head of the Williamson Laboratory for Molecular Oncology at St Bartholomew's Hospital in London.
Career
Iles has a particular interest in the interface between rational processing, emotional motivation and endocrinology.
They co-founded the ELK-Health Foundation, with psychotherapist Tadhg Ó Séaghdha, in 2004. The ELK-Foundation Health (named after Iles's father, Eric Leonard Kruse) is now the National Institutes for Stress, Anxiety and Depression (NISAD), centred in Lund, Sweden. It still uses the ELK-Health name in its programmes and clinics, which support people needing to change habits that harm their physical and emotional health.
Iles's interest in women's and reproduction health led him, in 2011, to become the founding director of the biomarker diagnostic company MAPSciences.
Iles is the inventor of new diagnostic technology, six clinical screening tests for pregnancy disorders and Downs Syndrome/prenatal diagnosis, haemoglobinopathies, thalassemia, and diabetes, and two cancer-related patents.
Their academic career, after leaving St Bartholomew's, included being Professor of Biomedical Science at Middlesex University heading a Biomedical Science Research Facility, which incorporated molecular pathology, bio-modelling/bioinformatics and environmental health, and then Anglia Ruskin University.
Formerly a regular contributor to Kumar and Clark's Clinical Medicine, Iles left academia to concentrate on the two organisations that they co-founded, NISAD and MapSciences.
In 2012, with Suzanne Docherty, they published the textbook Biomedical Science: Essential Laboratory Medicine.
NISAD has supported several research projects of Iles and their students in bioanalysis, cancer research, fertility and prenatal care and child development.
Since 2019 Iles has been the founding dean at Abu Dhabi University's College of Health Sciences.
Personal life
As a boy Iles attended Mellow Lane Comprehensive School in Hayes, Middlesex.
Their cousin is the UK Olympic fencer Richard Kruse, which was the subject of the BBC Radio programme Tracing your Roots.
References
British scientists
British medical researchers
Living people
Academics of Middlesex University
Academics of Anglia Ruskin University
People from Barnes, London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zygi (; ) is a small village on the south coast of Cyprus, between Limassol and Larnaca. Before 1974, Zygi had a mixed Greek- and Turkish-Cypriot population.
Explosion
The Evangelos Florakis Navy Base explosion of 11 July 2011 damaged every house in the village.
Refugee centre controversy
In 2018, the village was the site of protests supported by anti-immigrant party ELAM and members of the local council against the building of a centre for unaccompanied refugee children. Other residents disputed the protest.
This controversy led to some Cypriots calling for a boycott of the village, which is famous for its taverns. Notably, a trip to the village by a nearby school was cancelled, after students refused to go, as they considered that their immigrant classmates wouldn't be welcome.
Notable residents
Notable people who reside in the village are horror-mystery writer Fivos Kyprianou and folklore poet Chambis Achniotis and Sophia Moustras.
References
Communities in Larnaca District
One Hundred Nails () is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Ermanno Olmi, starring Raz Degan. It tells the story of a young professor who leaves their position at the University of Bologna to live in an old farmhouse by the river Po, where they get involved with the local population. The film was shown as a Special Screening at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. It received the Critics Award at the 2007 David di Donatello Awards and was nominated in eight more categories, including Best Film.
Reception
Variety's Jay Weissberg called the film "disappointing" and wrote: "In many ways, One Hundred Nails harks back to Olmi's earliest films, with a touch of Pasolini, evident not only in the locations but also the largely nonpro cast. Fabio Olmi's lensing repeatedly returns to the river's calm, presenting a timeless land of purer values than those of the city, though lacking the richness of their last two pics with father Ermanno." Geoff Andrew of Time Out London described it as "a bizarre, elegant gem", and wrote: "Not unlike a latterday, more effective Miracle in Milan, this profoundly Catholic, profoundly personal fable veers, like many Olmi films, between the seemingly inept and the spellbindingly innocent, magical in its tenderness, its striking visuals and its unpredictability. Don't miss – but give it time."
References
External links
2007 drama films
2007 films
Films directed by Ermanno Olmi
Italian drama films
2000s Italian-language films
2000s Italian films
The Samsung E1170 is a mobile phone made by Samsung, released in . It is designed for lower budget markets, and is similar to the Samsung E1107. The E1170T model is the same as the E1170, but has slight cosmetic changes (such as the 'supper man' nav button)
Features
Browser
Clock, Alarm, Calendar, Organizer
Calculator, Converter
T9 predictive text
Hands-free operation, Vibration
'Jewel Quest' Game
Phone tracker
Fake call
SOS messages
Torchlight
Stopwatch, Timer
Profiles
Wallpapers, Themes
Power saving mode
E1170
Mobile phones introduced in 2010
Silco is an unincorporated community in Camden County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office called Silco was established in 1894, and remained in operation until 1911. Either the name is invented, or it is derived from the Creek language.
References
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Unincorporated communities in Camden County, Georgia
John Dwight Willard (November 4, 1799 Lancaster, Coös County, New Hampshire – October 9, 1864 Troy, Rensselaer County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of Rev. Joseph Willard (1761–1827) and Olive (Haven) Willard (ca. 1760–1843). They graduated from Dartmouth College in 1819. Afterwards they spent two years in Savannah, Georgia, to improve their failing health. Then they studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1826, and commenced practice in Troy. In 1829, they married Laura Barnes, and they had two sons. In 1831, they succeeded Orville L. Holley as editor of the Troy Sentinel.
They were an associate judge of the Rensselaer County Court from 1834 to 1840.
They were a Freemason and served as Grand Master in the Grand Lodge of New York from 1846 to 1849.
They were a member of the New York State Senate (12th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 442)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 114ff)
John D. Willard bio and portrait at RootsWeb
1799 births
1864 deaths
New York (state) state senators
Politicians from Troy, New York
New York (state) Democrats
19th-century American newspaper editors
People from Lancaster, New Hampshire
Dartmouth College alumni
New York (state) state court judges
Journalists from New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
BK Uncas Praha () was a Czech basketball club from Prague. The club was founded by YMCA Prague.
History
In 1924 the club was at the origin of the Czech volleyball and basketball association. Six years later, the first championship guild that was just YMCA. Thanks to the initiative of the director of the Prague YMCA FM Mark was June 18, 1932 in Geneva based International Federation of Basketball (FIBA). In 1934, YMCA hosted the first nationwide championship, which won again. Players of YMCA Prague were the basis for representation of Czechoslovakia at the FIBA EuroBasket 1935 (3rd place) and at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin (9th place).
After the ninth triumph in a row in 1938 came to a steep fall from grace. The club ceased to exist in 1951 when the communist regime was forced to close down. Record number of titles in the Czechoslovak league was broken up in 1967, when Spartak ZJŠ Brno won its eleventh title in history.
The basketball team of Uncas Praha was one of the men's YMCA teams. In 1937 after the team of YMCA took over the position of the best Czechoslovakian team won 6 medals (4x Champion, 2x Vice Republic) and their players were the basis for the national team of Czechoslovakia at the FIBA EuroBasket 1937 (Riga, Latvia). In 1940, six players (Ladislav Trpkoš, Josef Klima, Josef Bartoníček, Silverius Labohý, Ladislav Prokop and Faloun) crossed into Sparta Prague, with whom they became champion of the Republic. Runner-up became the new young team own pups Uncas (Miloslav Cross, Frank Chytil, M. Škoch, Ctirad Benáček, Chlumský, Simek, Vidlák). The other two titles and one second place for Uncas's team, which is based players were Ladislav Trpkoš, Emil Velenský, George Drvota, Karel Bělohradský, Václav Beauty, Petráň Machine, who won the season 1946-47 Bohemian championship and finished second in the Championship for Czechoslovakia after Sokol Brno I, third and fourth place went to university of Bratislava and SK Bratislava.
Honours
Czechoslovak League
Winners (12): 1929-39, 1931, 1932, 1932–33, 1933–34, 1934–35, 1935–36, 1936–37, 1937–38, 1943–44, 1944–45, 1946-47
Sport in Prague
Basketball in Czechoslovakia
Sport clubs founded by the YMCA
Voices is the third full-length album by Singaporean grindcore band Wormrot. It was released on October 14, 2016 on Earache Records.
Track listing
References
2016 albums
Earache Records albums
Wormrot albums
Bankass (Báŋkà:s) is a town and rural commune located in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune has an area of approximately 362 square kilometers and includes the town and 25 of the surrounding villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 30,159. The town is the seat of the Bankass Cercle, one of eight subdivisions (cercles) of the Mopti Region.
There is a Tuesday weekly market in the town.
References
External links
.
Communes of Mopti Region
Screams of Cold Winter is an English alternative metal band formed in late 2007 in Preston, Lancashire, England.
They have established themselves within the alternative metal scene, they have supported the Sophie Lancaster Foundation by playing at Mansfield's Intake Club and have also played at Blackpool Rockquest.
Band members
Trish - Vocals
Spike - Guitar
Lundie - Guitar
Paul - Keyboards
Dugald - Bass
Claire - Drums
Discography
Screams of Cold Winter (4-track EP)
Reviews
Sarah Angell of Devolution Magazine described Screams of Cold Winter's sound as "traditional goth meets... modern electronic style" and recommended the band's EP for "any fan of traditional goth music".
References
External links
Screams of Cold Winter at Last.fm
English heavy metal musical groups
Hit and Runway is a 1999 American comedy film directed by Christopher Livingston. It won the best screenplay at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival.
Cast
External links
1999 films
Films about screenwriters
1999 comedy films
Films about LGBT and Judaism
1990s English-language films
The 1802 English cricket season was the 31st in which matches have been awarded retrospective first-class cricket status and the 16th after the foundation of the Marylebone Cricket Club. The season saw three top-class matches played in the country.
Matches
Three top-class matches were played during the season, two of them staged at Lord's Old Ground and one at Aram's New Ground in Walworth. In one match an England XI played a Surrey side. The other matches were played between sides assembled by patrons.
Debutants
Players known to have made their first-class debut during the season include:
Abbott
William Hall Gage
References
Further reading
Altham HS (1962) A History of Cricket, Volume 1 London: George Allen & Unwin.
Birley D (1999) A Social History of English Cricket. London: Aurum.
Major J (2007) More Than a Game: The Story of Cricket's Early Years. London: HarperCollins.
1802 in English cricket
English cricket seasons from 1787 to 1815
The Needle is a fictional character, a mutant supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Mark Gruenwald, Carmine Infantino, and Al Gordon, the character first appeared in Spider-Woman #9 (December 1978).
Publication history
The character's origin was recounted in their debut appearance in Spider-Woman #9.
Creator Mark Gruenwald brought the character back during their run on the West Coast Avengers as a member of the villain team Night Shift, which included other former Spider-Woman foes.
Fictional character biography
After being mugged one night while leaving work, Josef Saint, an elderly tailor, lost an eye and their ability to speak. While recuperating, they discovered that they have the power to paralyze with their gaze. Seeking revenge, Saint assumed the guise of the vigilante the Needle. Armed with a yard-long needle, the mute villain attacked young men on the streets at night, sewing their mouths shut. After victimizing S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Jerry Hunt, the Needle incurred the wrath of Spider-Woman, the agent's girlfriend, and they took them out with a close-range venom blast. They were subsequently arrested.
With other superhuman adventurers and criminals, the Needle was imprisoned by the Locksmith, but then freed by Spider-Woman.
The Needle joined the Night Shift, and teamed with Captain America against the Power Broker and their augmented mutates. Alongside the Night Shift, they tested Moon Knight to take over as the leader of the Night Shift. Later, alongside the Night Shift, they battled the West Coast Avengers. Alongside the Night Shift, the second Hangman, and Satannish, they battled the Avengers West Coast; their abilities had been enhanced by Satannish's black magic.
The Needle was later defeated by Armory.
Needle appears with the Night Shift, as part of the Hood's gang. They battle the Midnight Sons, and Needle impales Daimon Hellstrom with their needle, before Jennifer Kale knocks them off with a spell. They and the Night Shift are killed when the zombie virus mutates and becomes airborne. The virus cloud begins to rain blood, and reanimates the Night Shift as zombies. Dormammu assumes control of the Night Shift and uses them to fight the Midnight Sons. When Jennifer Kale and the Black Talon contain the virus within the Zombie (Simon Garth), the Night Shift members are apparently restored to normal, and the Hood teleports away with them.
Powers and abilities
Needle has the ability to hypnotically paralyze a victim with their gaze, and is also gifted with enhanced agility and strength. The Needle is mute and mentally disturbed.  They are an expert tailor.
The Needle is a fair hand-to-hand combatant, and carries a needle-like weapon over long.
For a time, the Needle's powers were enhanced by Satannish, increasing their physical attributes to that of an athletic man, allowing their hypnotic gaze to work instantaneously, and rendering their weapon sharp enough to rend cinder block.
References
External links
The Needle's entry at the Marvel Directory
http://www.marvel.com/universe/Needle
Characters created by Carmine Infantino
Characters created by Mark Gruenwald
Comics characters introduced in 1978
Marvel Comics mutants
Marvel Comics supervillains
St. Mary of Czestochowa Parish () is a Catholic church parish in Middletown, Connecticut that was founded for Polish immigrants. The St. Mary of Czestochowa Church is a church building at 79 South Main Street in Middletown.
The parish was founded in 1903. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Norwich.
History
With 300 Polish families resident in the city, Middletown's Poles had determined to build a church of their own in 1902. A small group planned the organization of the St. Mary of Czestochowa parish, which gained formal approval from the bishop.
The Saint Kazimierz order of Polish Lancers (an organization which took its name and traditions from the Polish Uhlans) was a local organization that was founded in 1902 and existed until 1940, when it merged into another organization. It "was instrumental" in the founding of the church.
On February 28, 2010, the church held a memorial mass for victims of a local disaster, the Kleen Energy plant explosion.
Church buildings
After the founding of the parish in 1903, a church was opened in a building on Hubbard St. in 1905. That building served as the church until 1907, after which it was used as a school.
A more substantial and "beautiful" church building, with stained glass windows, was built next door and served the parish for many years, but was destroyed by fire in 1980. A convent building also existed but was demolished in 1979.
The church is located at 79 South Main Street.
Calvary Cemetery
The Parish owns and maintains Calvary Cemetery which is located at 305 Bow Lane in Middletown.
School
The Saint Mary of Czestochowa School, at 87 South Main Street, is a K-8 elementary school with pre-school founded in 1912. The current building was constructed in 1930 It was listed in an inventory of buildings of Middletown by the Greater Middletown Preservation Trust in 1979. Architecturally, the school is a brick, two-story, Renaissance Revival building with some Art Deco details. In 2013, St. Mary of Czestochowa School merged with Saint John School, another local parochial elementary school, to become Saint Pope John Paul II Regional Diocesan Elementary School.
Parish groups
The parish has a local Knights of Columbus chapter, denoted Pope John Paul II Council #14017
Further reading
References
External links
St. Mary of Czestochowa Parish Website
Diocese of Norwich Website
St. Mary of Czestochowa - Online Bulletins
Emigration Pastoral Institute
Private school review
Middletown's Polish immigrants
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Norwich
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches in Connecticut
Churches in Middletown, Connecticut
Eleanor Shanley, from Keshcarrigan in County Leitrim in the North West of Ireland, is an Irish and Roots musician. They made their first appearance as a singer with traditional group De Danann, and subsequently with Ronnie Drew. They have also toured with Christy Moore and Sharon Shannon and as a soloist both in Ireland and abroad.
Shanley has recorded with Ronnie Drew, Sharon Shannon, Eddi Reader, Tommy Fleming, Desmond O'Halloran, Dolores Keane, Christy Hennessy, The Dubliners and many others. Them current collaborators are Frankie Lane and Paul Kelly with whom they have performed since 2002.
Collaborations
Tommy Fleming's Restless Spirit album.
De Danann's How the West was Won.
Dubliners' 30 Years a Greying
Frankie Lane's Gunsmoke at El Paso.
With Frankie Lane and Paul Kelly: A Place of My Own
References
External links
Official site
Irish women singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from County Leitrim
Musicians from County Leitrim
De Dannan members
The Subatomic Monster (1985) is a collection of seventeen nonfiction science essays by American writer and scientist Isaac Asimov. It was the eighteenth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction, these being first published between June 1983 and October 1984. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1985.
Contents
"The Properties of Chaos" (June 1983)
"Green, Green, Green is the Color ..." (July 1983)
"What Truck?" (August 1983)
"Where All the Sky is Sunshine" (September 1983)
"Updating the Satellites" (October 1983)
"More Thinking about Thinking" (November 1983)
"Arm of the Giant" (December 1983)
"The World of the Red Sun" (January 1984)
"The Subatomic Monster" (February 1984)
"Love Makes the World Go Round!" (March 1984)
"E Pluribus Unum" (April 1984)
"Up We Go" (May 1984)
"The Two Masses" (June 1984)
"The Victorious General" (July 1984)
"Coming Full Circle" (August 1984)
"The Different Years of Time" (September 1984)
"The Different Years of the Universe" (October 1984)
External links
Asimovonline.com
Essay collections by Isaac Asimov
1985 books
Scientific essays
Works originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction
Doubleday (publisher) books
The Ospika River is a river in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, rising in the Northern Rocky Mountains to the north of Lake Williston and flowing south to join that lake in the lower end of its Finlay Reach. Before the creation of that lake by the building of WAC Bennett Dam, it was a tributary of the Finlay River.
See also
List of rivers of British Columbia
References
Rivers of British Columbia
Rivers of the Canadian Rockies
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Cassiar Land District
Natias Neutert (spoken: "noytərt") (born February 24, 1941) is a German artist, author, poet, orator, and translator who lives in Hamburg and Berlin.
Life and career
Neutert was born in Neusalz, Province of Lower Silesia, Germany (Nowa Sól, Poland) and grew up in Hamburg-Eppendorf, attending the Rudolf Steiner School. After doing an apprenticeship as a graphic illustrator, they studied philosophy, literary studies, and art history at the University of Hamburg, and completed a fellowship at the Franz Mehring-institute, part of the University of Leipzig. From the outset of their career, they have been active in different media.
Since the mid-1960s they have written poems, and made collages and drawings about which the Hamburger Abendblatt wrote: "He delicately draws human figures" (and) "he has their own distinctive verve and expressiveness". Inspired by America's new journalism, they have also written articles for different newspapers, including Die Zeit, Frankfurter Rundschau, Stern, and essays for Süddeutsche Zeitung and Norddeutscher Rundfunk.
In 1965, they screened their short film Noch und Nöcher (with Iris Berben) at the Berlinale. But their actual artist's departure was in 1968. Instead of a normal academic final degree, they founded the first Internationale Walter Benjamin Gesellschaft in Hamburg. Its purpose: to promote Benjamin into a global prototype of theory of revolutionary change beside Marx, and to connect Benjamin's insights with the mass phenomenon of pop music. From their first docentship at the Hamburg University of Applied Sciences in 1971, through their 2014 book Wo sind wir, wenn wir im Bilde sind? (Where Are We When We Are In The Picture?) they have always been concerned with the freedom, power, and variety of imagination.
Between the 1970s and 1980s almost every child knew them as "Zaubertramp" because of their conjuring performances all over the country, their appearances in TV shows like Sesamstrasse and others, and because their children's book, which they illustrated himself, became a bestseller. They also developed a performance art, about which Die Zeit No. 32, 04. August 1978 wrote: "In their person are blended jugglery, poetry, standup theater, and self-expression into a kind of entertainment that is really based on a colloquy with the audience". As a solo artist who presented almost two-hour performances at thousands of cabarets, street and folk festivals, they also appeared at the top theatres, opera houses, and art museums in Germany, which earned them the nickname "Totalkünstler" (total artist).
Since the turn of the 21st century, they have concentrated more and more on freely spoken lectures which include distinctive performance art elements.
Performances and expositions
Group shows (selection)
1986 Diogenes Synopse — ein paar Radischen at Künstlerhaus Bethanien Berlin, 05.-08. 1986.
1987 Wenn Elefanten sich treffen, kommt einiges Gewicht zusammen, with En Esch, Jacques Sehy and Udo Sturm at Staatsoper Hamburg, 1987.
1988 Graphik, Collagen, Multiples, Galerie Kammer, Hamburg
Solo shows (selection)
1988 Arbeiten auf Papier, Kunst Büro Berlin 1988.
1988 Sympathy for Piano und Pump, Martin-Gropius-Bau Berlin 1988
2002: Phantombild des Paradoxen (Composite Sketch of Paradoxy), performance lecture in celebration of the 450-anniversary of the Philipps-Universität Marburg 2002.
2008: Guest Poet on Ringelnatz-Sommer, Kulturhistorisches Museum, Wurzen
2015: Rilke — Reise, Rausch und Rose, Rilke-Soiré, 14. 03. 2015 Cité Internationale Universitaire de Paris, Maison Heinrich Heine, Paris.
2017: Sich die Freiheit nehmen. Über die Bilderfinderin Hannah Höch (Taking Freedom. About the Image-inventress Hannah Höch), lecture-performance at Galerie St. Gertrude, Hamburg 2017.
Translating
In the '70s, Neutert began translations from English into German, and since living in New York in 1980, they have also translated works from German into English,
In 2013, at the Leipzig Book Fair, during a public reading at "Leipzig liest" Neutert provided insights into their greatest private passion project—translating Gottfried Benn's poetry adequately to preserve their linguistic innovations as well as their poetic sound.
Publications
Anthologies
1999: Dompteur des flüchtigen Augenblicks, in: Martin Pudenz: Selbst. Umschau/Braus Verlag, Heidelberg 1999.
2000: Shigeru Ban. Ein sanfter Revolutionär (A Soft Revolutionary), in: Shigeru Ban Architects/Paper Tube Architecture — 10 Works 1990-2000. Galerie Kammer, Architektur und Kunst, Junius Verlag, Hamburg 2000. .
2004: Das Abwesende, das stets anwesend ist. Die Beunruhigungsfigur des Denkens, in: Ruhm, Tod und Unsterblichkeit. Über den Umgang mit der Endlichkeit. Hrsg. von Konrad Paul Lissmann, Philosophicum Lech, Bd.7, Paul Zsolnay Verlag Wien, 2004, .
2006: Aus der Stille. Eine Antwort auf Friedrich Hölderlin (From the silence. A response to Friedrich Hölderlin), in: Vom Wesentlichen zur Substanz, Bad Driburg, 2006.
2014 Fahrradspaß. Geschichten und Gedichte. Selected by Alexander Kluy. Reclam Verlag Stuttgart 2014, .
Editing
1968: "Nathias-Neutert-Magazin", Nr. 1, 18. Oktober 1968, Cicero Presse, Hamburg.
1971: Spielen, Vorwort Bazon Brock, Kunstverein Hamburg 1971.
1980: Natias Neutert: Foolnotes, Very Best German Poems. Bilingual Edition, Smith Gallery, Soho New York 1980.
1989: Der fremde Blick, Kunst mit Fotografie. Faksimile-Mappe mit 12 einliegenden Blättern von Joseph Beuys, Rolf Dieter Brinkmann, Jürgen Klauke, Yves Klein, Urs Lüthi, Sigmar Polke et al. Edition Boa Vista, Hamburg 1989.
Monographies
1971: Nathias Neutert: Bausteine für eine polyästhetische Erziehung (Building Blocks for a Polyesthetic Education). Fachhochschule für Gestaltung, Hamburg 1971.
Nathias Neutert: »Adorno ist tot. Der von uns verschiedene Philosoph". Pozzo Press, Hamburg 1971,</ref>
1976: Nathias Neutert: 100 Tricks und Zaubereien, 1st edition in 1976, 10th edition in 1993. Rowohlt Verlag, Reinbek bei Hamburg, .
1977: Nathias Neutert: Was ist und was sein soll, Edition Pozzo Press, Karlsruhe 1977.
1982: Natias Neutert: You Can Make Magic, Angus & Robertson, London/Canberra 1982. .
2014: Natias Neutert: Wo sind wir, wenn wir im Bilde sind? Über Differenziale der Einbildungskraft. Lilienstaub & Schmidt, Berlin 2014, .
Bibliography (selection)
Christa Sobe: Ein zaubernder Literat (A Conjuring Littérateur) in: Hannoversche Allgemeine Zeitung, Feuilleton, 09.05.1978.
Michael Buselmeier: Klaun (Fool) in: Theater heute, vol 6, Juni 1981, p. 68.
Elisabeth Rumpf: Das Ein-Mensch-Theater (The One-Mensch-Theater), in: Zur Person Die Welt Nr. 55, 06. 03. 1981.
Manfred Sack: Musikalische Performance. Piano und Pumpe in: Die Zeit no 40, 30. 09. 1988.
See also
Boa Vista (literary magazine)
Pop journalism
Sympathy (music)
References
External links
Natias Neutert: Selbst als Bär by Dagmar Weiss
Alternative theatre
German-language poets
German male non-fiction writers
German translators
English translators
Cultural critics
People from Nowa Sól
People from the Province of Lower Silesia
Artists from Hamburg
Artists from Berlin
1941 births
Living people
Crash of Light is a live album by Norwegian new wave band Fra Lippo Lippi. It was originally prepared for the band's revived record label Uniton Records, but was never released in Norway due to legal problems with their distributor. The album was eventually released on LP, CD and cassette in the Philippines by OctoArts International in 1990.
This live recording is currently available as part of Rune Arkiv's re-release of the band's 1985 album Songs.
Track listing
"Crash of Light"
"The Distance Between Us"
"Everytime I See You"
"Fade Away"
"Shouldn't Have to Be Like That"
"Even Tall Trees Bend"
"Say Something"
"Regrets"
Personnel
Rune Kristoffersen - bass
Per Øystein Sørensen - vocals
with
Tore Elgarøy - guitar, backing vocals
Lasse Hafreager - keyboards, backing vocals
Berit Lohne - piano, backing vocals
Bjørn Juliusson - drums
References
Fra Lippo Lippi (band) albums
1990 live albums
The Bangladesh Table Tennis Federation is the national federation for table tennis and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh. National Professor Jamilur Reza Choudhury was the founder president of the federation.
History
The federation was established in 1972, and became an affiliate of the Asian Table Tennis Federation and World Table Tennis Federation.that year. It is the third most popular sport in the country, after football and cricket. In November 2019, top table tennis players of Bangladesh demanded the resignation of the vice-president of the Bangladesh Table Tennis Federation, Khandokar Hasan Monir, with allegations of mismanagement.
References
Table tennis in Bangladesh
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Table tennis
Organisations based in Dhaka
National members of the Asian Table Tennis Union
The 1991 Women's World Snooker Championship was a women's snooker tournament played at various venues in the United Kingdom in 1991. Allison Fisher beat Karen Corr 8–2 in the final to win the title, and made a championship record of 103 in the qualifying rounds.
Tournament summary
The event attracted seventy-one players, from nine different countries. There were eight regional qualifying events, with the winner of each event progressing to the quarter-finals of the tournament. The competition was promoted by Barry Hearn's Matchroom organisation and sponsored by Trusthouse Forte with total prize fund of £40,000. The winner, Allison Fisher received £12,000 as the champion, and Karen Corr received £6,000 as runner-up. The losing semi-finalists received £3,000 each, and the losing quarter-finalists £1,250 each. All of the matches were played in venues managed by the tournament's sponsor, Trusthouse Forte.
Fisher made a break of 103 in their match against Fran Hoad, the first break in the history of the women's world snooker championship.
The quarter-finals onwards were played at the Hyde Park Hotel in London, and received television coverage on the European satellite channel Screensport.
Mandy Fisher gave birth to a son 96 hours before their quarter-final match with Allison Fisher, and was breastfeeding them ten minutes before the match started. Mandy Fisher scored only 48 points whilst losing the match 0–5.
Corr won the first of their semi-final against Tessa Davidson with a of the . They then won the second on a , and later the fourth frame with a fluked on their way to a 5–0 win. In the other semi-final, Fisher beat Stacey Hillyard 5–2 in a match where both players made numerous errors.
The final was played on 10 November 1991, which was Corr's 22nd birthday. In the first fame, Corr made a break of 82 which earned them a prize of £400 for the highest break in the televised stages of the tournament. Fisher then took the second frame, before Corr won the third to lead 2–1. Fisher then won the last seven frames in dominant style to win 8–2, finishing the match with a break of 44. As champion, Fisher received an invitation to compete in the 1992 Matchroom League, which, like the women's world championship had been, was sponsored by Trusthouse Forte and promoted by Barry Hearn.
Qualifying
No matches before the semi-finals of any of the qualifying events are shown.
Event 1: Duke's Head, King's Lynn
Event 2: Forte Crest, Swansea
(Only the result of the final is available in the source used)
Event 3: Roebuck Hotel, Buckhurst Hill
Event 4: Forte Crest, Portsmouth
Event 5: Forte Post House, Glasgow
Event 6: Randolph Hotel, Oxford
Event 7: Forte Crest, Nottingham
Event 8: Burford Bridge Hotel, Dorking
Main draw
Source: Snooker Scene, December 1991
Final
References
World Women's Snooker Championship
1991 in snooker
1991 in English sport
Colonel Alfredo Enrique Peralta Azurdia (June 17, 1908 – February 18, 1997) was President of Guatemala from March 31, 1963 to July 1, 1966.
Enrique Peralta was born on June 17, 1908 in Guatemala City. They took over the presidency after a coup against president Miguel Ydígoras Fuentes, under whom they served as Agriculture (1959–1960) and Defense Minister (1961–1963). They set up the Institutional Democratic Party, a pro-military governing party modeled on the Institutional Revolutionary Party, which dominated Guatemalan politics until 1982. In the 1978 election, they were the candidate of the National Liberation Movement but was defeated by Fernando Romeo Lucas García.
References
Presidents of Guatemala
People of the Guatemalan Civil War
Political party founders
People from Guatemala City
Guatemalan military personnel
1908 births
1997 deaths
Defense Ministers of Guatemala
Agriculture ministers of Guatemala
Stephen Brunauer (February 12, 1903 – July 6, 1986) was an American research chemist, government scientist, and university teacher. They resigned from their position with the U.S. Navy during the McCarthy era, when they found it impossible to refute anonymous charges that they were disloyal to the U.S.
Early years
Stephen Brunauer was born István Brunauer on February 12, 1903, to a Jewish family in Budapest, Hungary. Their father was blind and their mother worked as a seamstress. They emigrated to the United States in 1921 and attended City College of New York and Columbia University, majoring in English and chemistry. They received their A.B. from Columbia in 1925. They pursued graduate studies in chemistry and engineering, earning their master's degree in 1929 from George Washington University, where they were a student of Edward Teller, who later described their confidence in asserting their theories and challenging their teachers. While a student, they belonged briefly to the Young Workers' League, a Communist front organization. They later described it as "a glorified social club with dances and picnics and infrequent participation in picket lines and strikes."
Government career
They became an American citizen around 1925 and began working for the Fixed Nitrogen Research Laboratory of the U.S. Department of Agriculture in Washington, D.C., in 1928. They married Esther Delia Caukin in 1931, an expert in international relations who worked for the American Association of University Women and, after 1944, for the U.S. State Department. They lived in Washington, D.C., with the exception of one year of living in Baltimore while they earned their doctorate from Johns Hopkins University in 1933. They had a son in 1934, who died December 1937, and two daughters in 1938 and 1942. Their doctoral thesis led to the development of BET theory, based on work they did with Paul H. Emmett and Edward Teller. They left the Department of Agriculture following the attack on Pearl Harbor and joined the U.S. Naval Reserve and by 1942 was heading its high explosives research group in the Bureau of Ordnance. They recruited Albert Einstein as a consultant to the Navy in 1943. Einstein had corresponded with Esther Brunauer before the war when they were trying to help German academics find employment in the U.S.
At the end of World War II, having reached the rank of commander on November 9, 1945, they left military service and became a civilian employee of the Navy with the same responsibilities as before. They visited Hungary to investigate the state of scientific research there and assisted several scientists in emigrating to the U.S. The personal contacts they made during this trip with may have provided the basis for questions raised about their loyalty to the United States in the 1950s.
The Atomic Energy Commission denied them a security clearance because of their earlier membership in the Young Workers' League, but they continued to work as a government scientist. They successfully passed several other security reviews that their work required and became chief chemist in the Research and Development Section of the Navy's Bureau of Ordnance.
In 1950, when Senator Joseph McCarthy launched the anti-Communist crusade known by their name, McCarthyism, they named Esther Brunauer as one of the State Department employees whose loyalty they questioned. The Senate's Subcommittee on the Investigation of Loyalty of State Department Employees known as the Tydings Committee, which was investigating McCarthy's charges against her, exonerated them in July. The U.S. Navy suspended Stephen Brunauer's security clearance on April 10, 1951, In consequence, their wife was suspended by the State Department and subjected to another security review as well. Two months later, on June 14, when it appeared that the Navy was going to deny them their security clearance, they resigned saying they feared the process "must have been a source of embarrassment and inconvenience to the Navy". They said the review process left government employees defenseless because they "cannot learn the identity of those who have given derogatory information" and "much of the information on which the charges are based is withheld". They called the experience "costly, disheartening and nerve-wracking". They acknowledged their association with the Young Workers' League in the 1920s, but said that they had been a "strong anti-Communist" for 18 years. Their wife was forced from the State Department on June 16, 1952, identified as a "security risk" without explanation. They said they thought the "official reason" was their marriage but the real reason was "political expediency".
After government service
They found work with the Portland Cement Association in Chicago. They became chair of the chemistry department at Clarkson University in 1965 and the first director of the Clarkson Institute of Colloid and Surface Chemistry, retiring in 1973.
Their first wife died in 1959. In 1961 they married Dalma Hunyadi, a Hungarian-born professor at Clarkson. Together then wrote a book about the nineteenth-century Hungarian poet and dramatist Dezső Kosztolányi.
They died on July 6, 1986, in Potsdam, New York, and was buried in Potsdam, New York. The day before their death they completed a research paper evaluating BET theory. Upon their death, the American Chemical Society called them "undoubtedly one of the most highly respected surface scientists of our time". It said that "in 1951, their career again underwent a marked change of direction", omitting any mention of their security clearance problems.
The American Ceramics Society bestows the Brunauer Award annually in their honor. Clarkson bestows its Brunauer Award to a graduating senior annually.
Writings
The Adsorption of Gases and Vapors, Volume 1 (Oxford University Press, 1943)
"Einstein in the U.S. Navy", in Burtron H. Davis and William P. Hettinger Jr., editors, Heterogeneous Catalysis: Selected American Histories (American Chemical Society, 1983)
S. Brunauer, P.H. Emmett and E. Teller, Adsorption of Gases in Multimolecular Layers. Journal of the American Chemical Society, Vol. 60 (1938), 309–19.
Notes
1903 births
1986 deaths
Hungarian emigrants to the United States
George Washington University School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Victims of McCarthyism
Clarkson University faculty
20th-century American chemists
Capitol Crossing is a $1.3 billion real estate development often also referred to as a community revitalization project in downtown Washington, D.C. Construction on the project began in 2014 and is expected to continue until 2021.
The Capitol Crossing project is privately funded, and is one of the largest ongoing private developments in DC. This 2.2 million square foot project covers a 7-acre site above I-395 and consists of 5 mixed use buildings: 200 Massachusetts, 250 Massachusetts, 200 F Street, 600 Second, and 201 F Street. These five multi-use buildings will span three long blocks over the highway. The project is expected to have 75,000 square feet of retail, restaurants, and cafes, and below the project will be a 4-level garage with 1,146 parking spaces and 440 bicycle parking spaces. As a major infrastructure project, Capitol Crossing is expected to bring 8,000 permanent jobs as well as contribute over 40-million-dollar tax per year once established.
Developers of Capitol Crossing have claimed the project will create a greener, more sustainable city with Washington D.C.'s first “eco-district.” The five buildings are expected to be LEED Platinum certified and the finished site will feature cogeneration power, rainwater catchment, and eco-chimney filtration. The three blocks being built do not take land from Virginia or Maryland, but bring back land that was taken years ago.
The neighborhoods of Capitol Hill and the East End, which have been long divided by the highway, will be reconnected in the near future due to the construction of a platform adjacent to Massachusetts Avenue. According to city officials, this $200 million platform built over the highway will enhance the vibrancy of east downtown community of Washington, D.C.
According to Office of the Deputy Mayor for Planning and Economic Development, the development project will provide 150 residential units, and over one third of them are affordable to most of the median income.
The project is owned and developed by Property Group Partners, with Skidmore, Owings & Merrill serving as master planners. The team also includes Roche-Dinkeloo as architect for the North Block (200/250 Massachusetts Ave) and Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates as architect for the South Block. Property Group Partners is the leasing agent.
References
Buildings and structures in Washington, D.C.
Bojan Šaranov (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Шаранов; born 22 October 1987) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Greek Super League club Lamia, for which they are captain.
Club career
OFK Beograd
Born in Vršac, Šaranov started out at OFK Beograd, making their senior debuts in the 2004–05 season, aged 17. They subsequently went on loan to Mačva Šabac, Bežanija, and Rudar Pljevlja in order to gain first team experience. After consecutive loan spells, Šaranov returned to OFK Beograd and became the first-choice goalkeeper following Radiša Ilić's departure in the 2009 winter transfer window.
Šaranov missed just two games in the 2009–10 Serbian SuperLiga, helping the side earn a 3rd-place finish and secure a spot in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League. In the following 2010–11 campaign, Šaranov was named in the league's Team of the Season due to their performances in the process.
Maccabi Haifa
In June 2011, Šaranov moved abroad and signed with Israeli champions Maccabi Haifa. They made their official debut for the club on 27 July 2011, being substituted by Nir Davidovich at half-time in an eventual 2–1 home win over Slovenian side Maribor. On 20 August 2011, Šaranov made their first league appearance for Maccabi Haifa in a 4–1 away success at Maccabi Netanya. They also collected five appearances in the 2011–12 UEFA Europa League group stage.
On 24 October 2013, Šaranov saved two penalties taken by Miroslav Stoch, but failed to prevent their team's 2–3 loss away at PAOK in Group L of the Europa League. They again missed just one game in the group stage, as the team finished in third place. In their third season at Maccabi Haifa, Šaranov made a career-high 38 appearances in all competitions.
Ergotelis
On 30 December 2014, Šaranov signed with Greek side Ergotelis. They saved a penalty from Alejandro Domínguez in a 0–3 away league loss against Olympiacos on 14 February 2015. Until the end of the 2014–15 Superleague Greece, Šaranov recorded 13 appearances, before leaving the club following their relegation from the top flight.
Partizan
In the 2016 winter transfer window, Šaranov returned to Serbia and joined Partizan. They helped the side win the Serbian Cup in May 2016. On 31 August 2016, Šaranov terminated their contract with Partizan by mutual consent.
Qarabağ
Shortly after leaving Partizan, Šaranov joined Azerbaijani club Qarabağ. They mostly served as the team's third-choice goalkeeper behind Ibrahim Šehić and Şahruddin Məhəmmədəliyev in the 2016–17 season, as Qarabağ won the double.
Later career
In September 2017, Šaranov joined Serbian SuperLiga newcomers Zemun on a free transfer. They immediately established themselves as a first team regular, collecting 12 league appearances in the first half of the 2017–18 season under manager Milan Milanović. In January of the following year, Šaranov switched to fellow SuperLiga club Radnički Niš. On 13 July 2018, they signed a year contract with Super League club Lamia for an undisclosed fee. On 28 February 2019, Šaranov saved the resulting spot-kick from Kostas Fortounis which was destined for their left corner, five minutes before the final whistle, sealing a shocking 1-0 away Greek Cup win against giants Olympiakos and advanced to the semi-finals of the Greek Cup 4-3 on aggregate.
International career
In March 2008, Šaranov was included in the preliminary squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics, but failed to make the final cut for the tournament. They were subsequently selected to represent Serbia at the 2009 UEFA Under-21 Championship. Serving as a backup for Željko Brkić, Šaranov was unable to make any appearance in the tournament.
In March 2011, Šaranov received their first call-up to the Serbia national team by manager Vladimir Petrović ahead of a UEFA Euro 2012 qualifier versus Northern Ireland. They eventually made their full international debut for Serbia on 3 June 2011, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–2 friendly loss away against South Korea.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Club
OFK Beograd
Serbia and Montenegro Cup: Runner-up 2005–06
Partizan
Serbian Cup: 2015–16
Qarabağ
Azerbaijan Premier League: 2016–17
Azerbaijan Cup: 2016–17
Individual
Serbian SuperLiga Team of the Season: 2010–11
Notes
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Serbia and Montenegro footballers
Serbian footballers
OFK Beograd players
FK Mačva Šabac players
FK Bežanija players
FK Rudar Pljevlja players
Maccabi Haifa F.C. players
Ergotelis F.C. players
FK Partizan players
Qarabağ FK players
FK Zemun players
FK Radnički Niš players
PAS Lamia 1964 players
Fatih Karagümrük S.K. footballers
People from Vršac
Serbia international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Israeli Premier League players
Super League Greece players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Montenegro
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Association football goalkeepers
Arabis auriculata is a herbaceous, flowering plant from the family Brassicaceae. It flowers from March to July.
Besides the type form, René Maire described the Arabis auriculata f. umbrosa form.
The species Draba nuda has been described as resembling A. auriculata, being originally placed in its genus.
Distribution
Arabis auriculata grows mostly in calcareous soil. It can be found in south and central Europe, west and center-west of Asia and some parts of northern Africa, being present on foothills between 500 and 2400 meters high. The plant used to be present in Portugal, but has been wiped out from the country. Belgium registers it as an invasive species.
See also
List of Arabis species
References
Flora of Asia
Flora of Africa
Flora of Europe
Auriculata
Plants described in 1783
Enrico Chapela (born January 29, 1974) is a Mexican contemporary classical composer, whose works have been played by multiple major orchestras and has been commissioned to compose for institutions such as the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the National Center for the Performing Arts (Beijing) and the Festival Internacional Cervantino. Their work is influenced by modern popular musical styles such as rock and electronic, as well as Mexican popular culture.
Background
Chapela was born in Mexico City where they still live. Since adolescence, they have been interested in various musical styles including classic rock, jazz, danzón and electronic along with contemporary classical.
Chapela received their bachelor's degree in composition from the Centro de Investigación y Estudios Musicales (CIEM) and studied classical guitar at the Associated Board of Royal Schools of Music in England. They later received their master's from the University of Paris Saint-Denis in 2008.
In addition to their career as a composer, Chapela has also played guitar in a heavy metal band.
Career
The composer has been commissioned to create works for the Los Angeles Philharmonic (where they were an invited guest in 2008), Dresdner Sinfoniker, Carnegie Hall, Britten Sinfonia, Wigmore Hall, Berkeley Symphony, Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar, Orquestra Sinfônica de São Paulo, City of Birmingham Symphony, University of Cincinnati's CCM Symphony, Orquesta Sinfónica Carlos Chávez, Entrequatre, Cuarteto Latinoamericano, ONIX Ensemble, New Paths in Music Festival, Vail Music Festival, and the National Center for the Performing Arts (Beijing) . The Festival Internacional Cervantino commissioned Chapela t write Danza de un poeta y el viento for its 2014 edition, played by La Orquesta Mexicana, (an ensemble derived from the Pasatono Orquesta).
Their first major recording was in 2005 with Antagónica, which was supported by a grand from FONCA:, CIEM and Consecuencias Discográficas.
Their work has been recognized since 2002, receiving grants from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation Fellowships, National System of Art Creators (FONCA-Mexico) and the International Rostrum of Composers (UNESCO), and individual works has won awards as well. La mengambrea received an honorable mention at the first Anacrusax Saxophone Composition Competition, and Inguesu won first place as the Alexander Zemlinsky Competition at the University of Cincinnati.
Chapela's music is exclusively published by Boosey & Hawkes, and has been performed in multiple countries in the Americas, Asias and Europe. Ensembles which has performed their pieces include the Chicago Symphony, Indianapolis Symphony, Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra, Seoul Philharmonic, Warsaw Philharmonic, Brooklyn Philharmonic, Jena Philharmonic, Philharmonic Orchestra of the Americas, Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional de México, Cabrillo Festival, Tanglewood Festival, Orquesta Sinfónica de Puerto Rico, Metropolis Ensamble, Percussion Group Cincinnati, North/South Chamber Orchestra, Nuevo Ensamble de México, Ensemble 10/10, Arditti String Quartet, Carpentier String Quartet, Cuarteto José White, Modern Sax Quartett Berlin, Haags Saxofoonkwartet, Stockholm Sax Quartet, Cosmos Sax Quartet, Case Sax Quartet, Anacrusax, Tambuco, Quinteto de Alientos de la Ciudad de México, Quinteto de Metales de la Ciudad de México, Trio de Alientos de Bellas Artes, Gonzalo Salazar, Victor Flores, Mauricio Náder, Álvaro Bitrán, Natalia Pérez Turner & Horacio Franco.
Chapela teaches composition and a concept called “matemúsica” (math-music) which uses mathematical principles to create scores. They teach at their alma mater, CIEM, and is the director of the Núcleo Integral de Composición (NICO) in Mexico City.
In 2003, the appeared as themselves in the TV documentary En el fondo somos así, and currently hosts a contemporary music radio show called Metamusica which is broadcast by OPUS 94 radio station.
Works
Their influences include John Cage, whose philosophy of composition they admire, along with the works of Carlos Chávez and Silvestre Revueltas.
Like other contemporary classical composers of their generation, they have integrated elements from other contemporary musical forms into their work, such as rock and electronic music. One of their early works, La condena, has strong rock influence.  They are also influenced by traditional Mexican music. Having studied advanced musical electronics in Paris, they have applied the harmonic concepts of French spectralists to their works. Pieces can have much percussion and elements such as 1950s avant-garde sound effects.
Compositions can be for full orchestras, sometimes adding non-traditional instruments such as Antágonica, or for a single instrument. Melate binario is for a single guitar, based on a Mexican lottery game. It is written in two versions, eight pages each. The first vision is dodecafónica and the other diatónica. The interaction between the two produces 256 distinct compositions.
Magnetar was commissioned by the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and is “raunchy, orchestral heavy metal.” The cello is electric and hooked up to a wa-wa pedal. This and another piece have been called “…a pretentious mess, but a beguiling one that made many of us want to hear more.” according to the Los Angeles Times.
Chapela believes that any theme can produce and interesting works, although their work is not always accepted, especially when it references Mexican popular culture. The work Ínguesu is based on the final game of the 1999 FIFA Confederations Cup, when Mexico won over Brazil at the Estadio Azteca. They have had some trouble having it played in Mexico because it is considered "naco" (low-class) especially a short series of notes near the end that reference a common insulting whistle.
The composer has also created the scores to the Mexican films, Somos lo que hay, directed by Jorge Michel Grau and Amar no es querer, directed by Guillermo Barba. Both scores have received recognition: the Mexican Film Academy 2011 nomination por the best original music for the first and won “Best Original Music Score” at the “Pantalla de Cristal” film festival.
Compositions (choice)
"Magnetar" for Electric Cello and Symphonic Orchestra
Bowsax for string quartet and saxophone quartet (2011), World Premiere 7/18/2011 -Bravo! Vail Valley Music Festival (Performers: Calder String Quartet / Mana Saxophone Quartet)
Duelo envela for piano
El cuarto camino for string quartet (1996)
Lo nato es neta for rock trio and acoustic quintets (2001 2003)
La Mengambrea for saxophone quartet (2002)
Ínguesu – Symphonic poem for orchestra (2003)
Melate Binario for solo acoustic guitar (2004)
S.O.S. for flute, clarinet, piano, violin, viola and cello (2005)
Crucigrama for string quartet with guitar quartet (2006)
Encrypted Poetry – Concerto for percussion trio and orchestra (2007, commissioned by the Alexander Zemlinsky Composition Competition)
Noctámbulos – Concerto for rock trio and orchestra (2008, commissioned by the Dresdner Sinfoniker)
Li Po for chamber orchestra (2008/09, commissioned by the Los Angeles Philharmonic Association, music director Esa-Pekka Salonen, for their "Green Umbrella" new music series)
Irrational Music for chamber orchestra (2009, commissioned by the "New Paths in Music" festival New York)
"Rotor" for large orchestra, premiered by Orquesta Sinfonia de Mineria in 2017
References
External links
Biography by Boosey & Hawkes
http://www.enricochapela.com
1974 births
Living people
Mexican composers
Mexican male composers
Mexican guitarists
Mexican male guitarists
Musicians from Mexico City
21st-century guitarists
21st-century male musicians
This is a list of hat-tricks scored in matches involving the Netherlands national football team.
Hat-tricks for the Netherlands
Hat-tricks conceded by the Netherlands
References
Hat-tricks
Netherlands
Netherlands
Celastrina gigas, the silvery hedge blue, is a small butterfly found in India that belongs to the lycaenids or blues family. The species was first described by Francis Hemming in 1928.
Taxonomy
The species is considered to consist of the following subspecies:
C. g. gigas – nominate subspecies
C. g. fujianensis Huang, 1994 Fujian
Range
It is found in the West Himalaya.
See also
List of butterflies of India
List of butterflies of India (Lycaenidae)
References
Celastrina
Butterflies of Asia
Butterflies described in 1928
Flashing refers to thin pieces of impervious material installed to prevent the passage of water into a structure from a joint or as part of a weather resistant barrier system. In modern buildings, flashing is intended to decrease water penetration at objects such as chimneys, vent pipes, walls, windows and door openings to make buildings more durable and to reduce indoor mold problems. Metal flashing materials include lead, aluminium, copper, stainless steel, zinc alloy, and other materials.
Etymology and related terms
The origin of the term flash and flashing are uncertain, but may come from the Middle English verb flasshen, 'to sprinkle, splash', related to flask.
Counter-flashing (or cover flashing, cap flashing) is a term used when there are two parallel pieces of flashing employed together such as on a chimney, where the counter-flashing is built into the chimney and overlaps a replaceable piece of base flashing. Strips of lead used for flashing an edge were sometimes called an apron, and the term is still used for the piece of flashing below a chimney. The up-hill side of a chimney may have a small gable-like assembly called a cricket with cricket flashing or on narrow chimneys with no cricket a back flashing or back pan flashing. Flashing may be let into a groove in a wall or chimney called a reglet.
Purpose
Before the availability of sheet products for flashing, builders used creative methods to minimize water penetration. These methods included angling roof shingles away from the joint, placing chimneys at the ridge, building steps into the sides of chimneys to throw off water and covering seams between roofing materials with mortar . The introduction of manufactured flashing decreased water penetration at obstacles such as chimneys, vent pipes, walls which abut roofs, window and door openings, etc. thus making buildings more durable and reducing indoor mold problems. It is also essential to prevent leaks around skylights or roof windows. Moreover, flashing is important to ensure integrity of the roof prior to a solar panel installation.
In builders books, by 1832 Loudons An Encyclopædia of Cottage, Farm, and Villa Architecture and Furniture... gives instruction on installing lead flashing and 1875 Notes on Building Construction gives detailed instruction and is well illustrated with methods still used today.
Flashing may be exposed or concealed. Exposed flashing is usually of a sheet metal and concealed flashing may be metal or a flexible, adhesive backed, material particularly around wall penetrations such as window and door openings.
Materials
In earlier days, birch bark was occasionally used as a flashing material. Most flashing materials today are metal, plastic, rubber, or impregnated paper.
Metal flashing materials include lead, aluminium, copper, stainless steel, zinc alloy, other architectural metals or a metal with a coating such as galvanized steel, lead-coated copper, anodized aluminium, terne-coated copper, galvalume (aluminium-zinc alloy coated sheet steel), and metals similar to stone-coated metal roofing. Metal flashing should be provided with expansion joints on long runs to prevent deformation of the metal sheets due to expansion and contraction, and should not stain or be stained by adjacent materials or react chemically with them.
An important type of potential chemical reaction between metal flashing materials is galvanic corrosion. Copper and lead cannot be used in contact with or even above aluminium, zinc, or coated steel without an increased risk of premature corrosion. Also, aluminium and zinc flashing cannot be used in contact with pressure treated wood due to rapid corrosion. Aluminium is also damaged by wet mortar and wet plaster. Salt spray in coastal areas may accelerate corrosion; so stainless steel, copper, or coated aluminium are recommended flashing materials near salt water.
Types of flexible flashing products are rubberized asphalt, butyl rubber, polyvinylidene fluoride (sometimes known as kylar or hylar), and acrylic. The different types have different application temperature ranges, material adhesion compatibility, chemical compatibility, levels of volatile organic compounds, and resistance to ultraviolet light exposure. No flexible flashing materials are designed for long-term exposure as are metal flashing materials. Adhesive backed materials are convenient during installation, but such adhesives are not intended for long-term water-resistance.
Copper is an excellent material for flashing because of its malleability, strength, solder-ability, workability, high resistance to the caustic effects of mortars and hostile environments, and long service life (see: copper flashing). This enables a roof to be built without weak points. Since flashing is expensive to replace if it fails, copper's long life is a major cost advantage.
Cold rolled (to 1/8-hard temper) copper is recommended for most flashing applications. This material offers more resistance than soft copper to the stresses of expansion and contraction. Soft copper can be specified where extreme forming is required, such as in complicated roof shapes. Thermal movement in flashings is prevented or is permitted only at predetermined locations.
"Soft zinc" is a newer, proprietary flashing material. It is a relatively malleable material, making it useful for complex roofing connections. It provides normal soft soldering capabilities and delivers easy folding. Soft zinc is said to be an "environmentally friendly" replacement for lead flashing; like lead, it is recyclable, while avoiding lead-contaminated runoff.
Types
Flashing types are named according to location or shape:
Roof flashing Placed around discontinuities or objects which protrude from the roof of a building to deflect water away from seams or joints and in valleys where the runoff is concentrated.
Wall flashing May be embedded in a wall to direct water that has penetrated the wall back outside, or it may be applied in a manner intended to prevent the entry of water into the wall. Wall flashing is typically found at interruptions in the wall, such as windows and points of structural support.
Sill flashing (or sill pan) A concealed flashing placed under windows or door thresholds to prevent water from entering a wall at those points.
Roof penetration flashing Used to waterproof pipes, supports, cables, and all roof protrusions. Stainless steel penetration flashings have proven to be the longest lasting and most reliable roof flashing type.
Channel flashing Shaped like a “U” or channel to catch water (e.g., where the edge of a tile roof meets a wall).
Through wall flashing Spans the thickness of the wall and directs water to weep holes.
Cap flashing (drip cap) Often used above windows and doors.
Drip edge A metal used at the edges of a roof.
Step flashing (soaker, base flashing) Pieces of flashing material which overlap each other in "steps".
Counter flashing (cap flashing) Covers a base flashing.
Pipe flashing (pipe boot, vent boot, pipe flange) A product used where pipes penetrate roofs.
Chimney flashing A general term for flashing a chimney.
Kickout flashing At the very bottom of a roof/wall intersection, the lowermost step flashing specially formed to deflect water away from the wall.
Valley flashing In the valley of two intersecting roof planes.
A structure incorporating flashing has to be carefully engineered and constructed so that water is directed away from the structure and not inside. Flashing improperly installed can direct water into a building.
Environmental impact
In the US and UK, at least, lead flashing and fittings are still readily available, despite the environmental concerns associated with bulk use of this heavy metal. The Lead Sheet Association touts its recyclability and extreme durability.
See also
Damp proofing
Housewrap
Rainscreen
References
External links
Roof Flashing Details Illustrated summary of various types of flashing
Video on how to weld sheet lead
Video series of still images showing some complex lead flashing work
Moisture protection
Building engineering
Building materials
José Manuel Meca García (born 19 January 1978), commonly known as Meca, is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a forward.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1978 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Association football forwards
Real Madrid Castilla footballers
Real Madrid CF players
Cultural Leonesa footballers
Elche CF players
Racing de Ferrol footballers
Real Jaén footballers
UD Lanzarote players
UDA Gramenet footballers
Orihuela CF players
CF Atlético Ciudad players
Lorca Atlético CF players
Segunda División B players
Segunda División players
La Liga players
Cortale (Calabrian: ; ) is a and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Twin towns — sister cities
Cortale is twinned with:
Erba, Lombardy, Italy
Ponte Lambro, Italy
Cities and towns in Calabria
Algeria competed at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain over 10 days from 22 June to 1 July 2018. In this session, Algeria participated with 233 athletes in 24 sports, the second largest participation after the Algeria Games in 1975. After a little late over an hour flight, the special plane that transported the Algerian delegation landed on the tarmac of the regional Airport of Reus, Catalonia. The first wave of the Algerian delegation, 144 people including 67 athletes, 7 referees, 8 COA members, 10 medical staff and journalists. The first medal in the games was in karate by Oualid Bouabaoub in bronze weight −75 kg kumite, is the only one on the first day, The first gold medal was awarded to Hocine Daïkhi in Karate, also weighing +84 kg kumite, then in the evening the swimmer Oussama Sahnoune achieved the second Golden Medal of the 100 m freestyle, the first of its kind in swimming since Almería 2005. On the third day, Sahnoune managed to add a second medal in their 50 m freestyle of silver, the first for Algeria of this type in these games. In Wrestling Greco-Roman, Algeria achieved two silver medals for Bachir Sid Azara in −87 kg and Adem Boudjemline in −97 kg after losing in the final against both Metehan Başar and Mélonin Noumonvi respectively.
Medal Summary
Medal Table
| style="text-align:left; width:78%; vertical-align:top;"|
| style="text-align:left; width:22%; vertical-align:top;"|
Archery
Men
Women
Athletics
Six Algerian athletes have achieved the minima of participation in the next Mediterranean Games.
Men
Track & road events
Women
Track & road events
Field events
Badminton
The Algerian badminton will be represented by 8 athletes in Tarragona including four girls, but in the absence of the best Algerian player, Hala Bouksani, who passes them baccalaureate.
Men
Women
Bowls
Lyonnaise
Pétanque
Raffa
Boxing
Men
Canoeing
Slalom
Sprint
Cycling
Equestrian
It is composed of five riders who have distinguished themselves in competitions at the national level, under the leadership of the French coach Guillaume Blin Lebreton, they are Brahim Ait Lounis, Mahi Amine, Boughrab Ali, Abdelkrim Benbernou and the young rider Manon Hebette who lives in France and remains on good performances this season.
Fencing
Men
Football
Team
Redouane Maachou
Aek Alaa Eddine Belharrane
Mohamed Amine Tougaï
Ahmed Mohamed Kerroum
Aïssa Boudechicha
Aymen Mohammed Belaribi
Abdelkahar Kadri
Karam Hamdad
Hmida Zeghnoun
Adem Zorgane
Brahim Hachoud
Mohamed Amine Baghdaoui
Zerroug Boucif
Merouane Zerrouki
Kamel Chaban
Talal Boussouf
Wassim Ouachria
Idir Boutrif
Group A
The draw took place on May 10 and Algeria signed in the group A with hosts Spain and Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Fifth place match
Handball
Men's tournament
Preliminary round
Group B
Quarterfinal
5–8th place semifinals
Seventh place game
Judo
Karate
Men
Women
Rowing
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Sailing
The athletes selected for the 2018 MG are Hamza Bouras and Meriem Rezouani (RSX), Wassim Ziatni and Nouha Akil (Laser) under the guidance of coaches Fayçal Merzougui (Laser) and Abdenasser Goudjil (RSX).
Men
Women
M = Medal race; EL = Eliminated – did not advance into the medal race
Shooting
Men
Women
Swimming
For this Mediterranean event, the Algerian Swimming Federation (FAN) has selected 10 swimmers including five girls. They are supervised by three coaches: Ali Maânsri, Abdelkahar Kouhil and the French Olivier Barnier.
Men
Women
Table tennis
Taekwondo
Tennis
Six tennis players (2 men and 2 ladies) will represent Algeria at the Mediterranean Games in Tarragona.
Men
Women
Triathlon
Volleyball
Beach
Indoor
Men's tournament
|}
|}
Women's tournament
|}
|}
Weightlifting
Men
Women
Wrestling
Algeria will participate in only eight male wrestlers.
Men's Freestyle
Women's Freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
References
Nations at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018
Mediterranean Games
The red-shouldered tanager (Tachyphonus phoenicius) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland.
References
red-shouldered tanager
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
red-shouldered tanager
red-shouldered tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dr David Moore is a Manx politician and former Chairman of the Finance Board, the forerunner to the present Treasury Minister. They were Member of the House of Keys for Peel from 1978 until their retirement in 1986. In 1985, they were appointed the last Chairman of the Finance Board.
In 2007 they stood for election to the Legislative Council in the 5th round of voting against Laxey Commissioner David Owens and stood unopposed in the 6th round of voting but failed to be elected by one vote.
Governmental positions
Chairman of the Finance Board, 1985-1986
Member of the Executive Council, 1985-1986
References
Living people
Members of the House of Keys 1976–1981
Members of the House of Keys 1981–1986
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
{{Infobox Australian place | type = town
| name = Coraki
| state = nsw
| image = Coraki_Hotel.jpg
| caption = The Coraki Hotel on Richmond Terrace, Coraki's main street
| lga = Richmond Valley Council
| stategov = Clarence
| fedgov = Page
| pop = 1373
| pop_year =
| pop_footnotes =
| postcode = 2471
| est = 1849
| elevation =
| coordinates =
| pushpin_label_position = bottom
| maxtemp =
| mintemp =
| rainfall =
}}
Coraki is a small town that sits on the confluence of the Richmond and Wilson Rivers in northern New South Wales, Australia in Richmond Valley Shire. At the 2016 census, Coraki had a population of 1,277 people.
History
The name Coraki is derived from the Bundjalung word gurigay, meaning the meeting of the waters, and the Bundjalung people are the Traditional Owners of the area.
The village was founded by William Yabsley in 1849 when Lismore was only a small cattle station and Casino had only one store and a hotel. Yabsley and their family obtained the lease to Brook Station and established the first permanent settlement. They built their shipyard just above The Junction'', as it was first called. Many ships and river boats were launched there and Yabsley opened a store for provisions for the cedar cutters who came to the district. Transport at the time was almost entirely by water and Coraki was the busiest port on the Richmond River.
Description
Coraki is positioned centrally to the hub of the Summerland Way Casino ( west), the regional city of Lismore ( north) and the popular tourist beachside location of Evans Head ( east). At the western boundary of Coraki township lies Box Ridge, an Aboriginal community.
Like many other towns in the area, it is a hub for the local agricultural industries such as cattle, sugar cane and tea tree oil.
Coraki is a small village with many community facilities: Coraki Fire Station, Coraki Public School, St Joseph's Primary School, St Joseph's Church, Coraki Uniting Church, Coraki Anglican Church, Coraki Community Hall, the Rural Transaction Centre, Mid-Richmond Museum, Coraki Library, post office, Mid-Richmond Retirement Village, cemetery, hockey fields, tennis courts, skate park, boat ramp, and the Memorial Park with barbecue, playground and picnic facilities aligning the "healing stones" riverside path. There are a number of local businesses, including the historic Coraki Hotel on Richmond Terrace.
Events
Coraki is the home of the annual Coraki Art Prize (formerly the Coraki Tea Tree Art Prize) and an art competition and exhibition open to all artists and including painting, drawing, photography, sculpture and printmaking, held late October.
In 2010, the first Dylanfest celebrated the music, art and poetry of Bob Dylan in October at the Coraki Hotel.
Annually in November, the Tweed Water Skiing Club converges on the Richmond River to contest the "Coraki Assault" race.
Population
According to the 2016 Census of Population, there were 1,277 people in Coraki, with the following demographic features:
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 12.0% of the population.
82.9% of people were born in Australia and 87.1% of people spoke only English at home.
The most common responses for religion were Catholic 30.8%, No Religion 21.7% and Anglican 18.8%.
Native title
In late April 2021, the Federal Court of Australia convened at Evans Head, where a native title determination was made over of land, consisting of 52 separate areas of land. Included in the land is a bora ring of great cultural significance to the Bundjalung people, near Coraki.
Gallery
References
External links
Northern Rivers Geology Blog – Coraki
Towns in New South Wales
Northern Rivers
Richmond Valley Council
POPKI Sports Hall (Indonesian: Gelanggang Olahraga POPKI) or commonly known as is GOR POPKI a multifunction sports arena in Cibubur, Ciracas, East Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia. This arena can be used for basketball, badminton, volleyball, futsal, and taekwondo venues.
References
East Jakarta
Indoor arenas in Indonesia
Handball in Indonesia
Basketball venues in Indonesia
Handball venues in Indonesia
Sports venues in Jakarta
Badminton venues in Jakarta
Basketball venues in Jakarta
Volleyball venues in Jakarta
Gymnastics venues in Jakarta
Venues of the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games handball venues
In enzymology, a 2-aminohexano-6-lactam racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-2-aminohexano-6-lactam D-2-aminohexano-6-lactam
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-2-aminohexano-6-lactam, and one product, D-2-aminohexano-6-lactam.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-aminohexano-6-lactam racemase. This enzyme is also called alpha-amino-epsilon-caprolactam racemase.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Alan G. Gross (June 2, 1936 - October 16, 2020) was a Professor of Rhetoric and Communication Studies at the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, where they also held appointments in the Center for Philosophy of Science, and in the Rhetoric, Scientific, and Technical Communication graduate program, the latter of which they were a founding faculty member.
Gross was a prolific author of dozens of articles, and author, co-author, or editor of more than a dozen books in rhetorical theory, rhetorical criticism, and the rhetoric of science, perhaps most well-known being The Rhetoric of Science (Harvard University Press, 1990 and 1996) which was reviewed by the historian and philosopher of science Joseph Agassi.
In 2008, Gross and co-author Joseph Harmon won Best Book in Technical or Scientific Communication from NCTE for The Scientific Literature: A Guided Tour. In 2014, they were named Distinguished Scholar by the National Communication Association, their highest honor.
An internationally recognized scholar, Gross held appointments at Australian National University; at the Centre for Rhetoric Studies, Cape Town; at the Internationales Forschungszentrum Kulturwissenschaften, Vienna; and at the Institute for Advanced Study, Hebrew University, Jerusalem.
A video of Gross discussing their scholarship and research, and the development of the Rhetoric of Science as a field, was produced by the Association for the Rhetoric of Science and Technology and can be found online.
Gross received their Ph.D. in 1962 from Princeton University.
Selected books
The Rhetoric of Science, Harvard University Press, 1990 and 1996.
Rhetorical Hermeneutics: Invention and Interpretation in the Age of Science, co-editor William M. Keith, State University of New York Press, 1997.
Rereading Aristotle's Rhetoric, (co-editor Arthur E. Walzer) Southern Illinois University Press, 2000.
Chaim Perelman, co-author Ray D. Dearin, State University of New York Press, 2003.
Communicating Science: The Scientific Article from the 17th Century to the Present, co-authors Joseph E. Harmon, Michael Reidy, Oxford University Press, 2002.
Starring the Text: The Place of Rhetoric in Science Studies, Southern Illinois University Press, 2006.
The Scientific Literature: A Guided Tour, co-editor Joseph E. Harmon, University of Chicago Press, 2007.
The Craft of Scientific Communication, co-author Joseph E. Harmon, University of Chicago Press, 2010.
Science from Sight to Insight: How Scientists Illustrate Meaning, co-author Joseph E. Harmon, University of Chicago Press, 2014.
The Internet Revolution in the Sciences and Humanities, co-author Joseph E. Harmon, Oxford University Press, 2016.
The Scientific Sublime: Popular Science Unravels the Mysteries of the Universe, Oxford University Press, 2018.
See also
Rhetoric of science
References
External links
Faculty page at University of Minnesota
University of Minnesota faculty
Princeton University alumni
1936 births
2020 deaths
Hibbertia turleyana is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to a small area in the south of Western Australia. It is a low-lying shrub with more or less glabrous, linear leaves and bright yellow flowers with eight or nine stamens in a single group on one side of two densely hairy carpels.
Description
Hibbertia turleyana is a low-lying, multi-stemmed shrub that typically grows to a height of up to and has more or less glabrous foliage. The leaves are linear, mostly long and wide on a petiole long. The flowers are usually arranged singly, sometimes in pairs, in leaf axils on a reddish peduncle long with hairy, narrow egg-shaped bracts long. The five sepals are joined at the base, mostly long, the outer sepals wide and the inner sepals wide. The five petals are bright yellow, egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base and mostly long with a notch at the tip. There are eight, sometimes nine stamens fused at the base on one side of the two densely hairy carpels that each contain two ovules.
Taxonomy
Hibbertia turleyana was first formally described in 2004 Judith R. Wheeler in the journal Nuytsia from specimens they collected in Helms Arboretum 2000. The specific epithet (turleyana) honours Coral Turley of Esperance, "in appreciation of their assistance".
Distribution and habitat
This hibbertia grows in heath and mallee shrubland and is apparently restricted to a small area just north of Esperance in the Esperance Plains and Mallee biogeographic regions of Western Australia.
Conservation status
Hibbertia turleyana is listed as "Priority Two" by the Western Australian Government Department of Biodiversity, Conservation and Attractions, meaning that it is poorly known and from only one or a few locations.
See also
List of Hibbertia species
References
turleyana
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 2004
Motta Santa Lucia is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro, Calabria, southern Italy.
References
Sources
Imperio Assisi et al., Decollatura e Motta S. Lucia: due comunità del Reventino, Decollatura: Grafica Reventino, 1980.
Cities and towns in Calabria
The 2020 All-Pro teams were named by the Associated Press (AP), Pro Football Writers of America (PFWA), and Sporting News (SN) for performance in the 2020 NFL season. Any player selected to the first-team of any of the teams can be described as an "All-Pro." The AP team, with first-team and second-team selections, was chosen by a national panel of fifty NFL writers and broadcasters. The Sporting News All-NFL team was voted on by NFL players and executives. The PFWA team is selected by its more than 300 national members who are accredited media members covering the NFL.
For the 2020 vote, the AP removed the offensive "flex" position that had been added to the ballot in 2016, and instead added a third wide receiver to the ballot.
Teams
Key
AP = Associated Press first-team All-Pro
AP-2 = Associated Press second-team All-Pro
AP-t = Tied for first-team All-Pro in the AP vote
AP-2t = Tied for second-team All-Pro in the AP vote
PFWA = Pro Football Writers Association All-NFL
SN = Sporting News All-Pro
References
All-Pro Teams
Allpro
Nathanael Greene Pendleton (August 25, 1793 – June 16, 1861) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, and the father of George Hunt Pendleton.
Born in Savannah, Georgia, August 25, 1793, they moved to New York City with their parents (Nathaniel Pendleton and Susan Bard Pendleton). Pendleton was graduated from Columbia College at New York City in 1813.
They studied law and was admitted to the bar.
They served in the War of 1812.
They moved to Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1818 and practiced law.
They served as a member of the State senate 1825–1827.
Pendleton was elected as a Whig to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 3, 1843).
They did not seek renomination in 1842.
They died in Cincinnati, Ohio, June 16, 1861.
They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery.
Their great-granddaughter Nathalie Schenck Laimbeer was a pioneering woman banker in New York in the 1910s and 1920s.
Sources
A Guide to the Pendleton Family Papers, 1775-1881
References
1793 births
1861 deaths
Politicians from Savannah, Georgia
Ohio lawyers
Ohio state senators
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Columbia College (New York) alumni
American military personnel of the War of 1812
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Pendleton family
New Hampshire is a HuffPost Originals documentary miniseries. It is a seven-part series chronicling the New Hampshire primary of the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
People featured
The series features exclusive content and interviews with numerous politicians, journalists, and voters involved with the primary, including:
Chris Christie, Republican presidential candidate and New Jersey governor
Jackie Alemany, CBS News correspondent
Bill Gardner, New Hampshire Secretary of State
Lindsey Graham, Republican presidential candidate and U.S. Senator from South Carolina
Kelly Ayotte, Republican U.S. Senator from New Hampshire
Jason Freeman, Republican Tracker
Charlie Pearce, Christie campaign official
John Kasich, Republican presidential candidate and Ohio governor
Jeb Bush, Republican presidential candidate and former Florida governor
Bernie Sanders, Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. Senator from Vermont
Kriss Belvins, make-up artist
Christopher Hickey, EMS training officer
Voters in Recovery; Electra Delano, Jessica Wheeler, Jeff Douley, Dennis Dutra
Mike Gamanche, District Chief of the Manchester Fire Department
Michael Leafe, Manchester Fire Department
New Hampshire voters featured include Belinda Phillips, Laura Smith, Mary Donnelly, David Chick (from Vermont)
Episodes
References
2016 American television series debuts
Thibaud is a village on the northern coast of Dominica. It has a population of approximately 500. Located near Vieille Case, Thibaud's main industries are fishing and farming.
Thibaud appears on the earliest detailed map of the island by Thomas Jefferys in 1768. It was named after an early French settler, Louis Thibaud, (spelt in the early British texts as Teaubaud) who obtained ten acres from the Island Caribs in the early 18th century.
Thibaud is connected to two bays. Sandwich Bay, is named after John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich (1718-1792). The other bay is the beaching place for the village fishing boats . The school playing field was the site of an Amerindian village. During the period after the abolition of slavery in Domenica, Thibaud grew as former labourers from the estates of Moor Park and Blenheim settled there.
Populated places in Dominica
Nick Christensen (born 28 August 1985) is a Danish professional football forward.
References
External links
Career statistics at Danmarks Radio
1985 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Lyngby Boldklub players
Ølstykke FC players
Næstved Boldklub players
AC Horsens players
Akademisk Boldklub players
Danish Superliga players
Association football forwards
Thinganda is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Myanmar.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
C. W. & George L. Rapp, commonly known as Rapp & Rapp, was an American architectural firm famed for the design of movie palaces and other theatres. Active from 1906 to 1965 and based in Chicago, the office designed over 400 theatres, including the Chicago Theatre (1921), Bismarck Hotel and Theatre (1926) and Oriental Theater (1926) in Chicago, the Five Flags Center (1910) in Dubuque, Iowa and the Paramount Theatres in New York City (1926) and Aurora, Illinois (1931).
The named partners were brothers C. Ward Rapp (1860–1926) and George L. Rapp (1878–1941), sons of a builder and natives of Carbondale, Illinois. Their Chicago practice is not to be confused with the Trinidad, Colorado practice of their brothers Isaac H. Rapp (1854–1933) and William M. Rapp (1863–1920) or the notable Cincinnati architects George W. Rapp and Walter L. Rapp, to whom they were not related.
Biographies and history
Cornelius Ward Rapp was born December 26, 1860, in Carbondale, Illinois to Isaac Rapp, a carpenter and builder, and Georgeina (Shaw) Rapp. In the 1880s they moved to Chicago, where they worked for architect Cyrus P. Thomas. In 1889, the two formed the partnership of Thomas & Rapp. This was dissolved in 1895, when both opened independent offices. Rapp's major projects over the next eleven years included Altgeld Hall (1895–96) and Wheeler Hall (1903–04) at what is now Southern Illinois University Carbondale and the Coles County Courthouse (1898–99) in Charleston. Their father was superintendent of construction for both Carbondale buildings. Rapp was an independent practitioner until 1906, when they formed a partnership with their younger brother, George L. Rapp.
George Leslie Rapp was born February 16, 1878, in Carbondale. They were educated in the School of Architecture of the University of Illinois, graduating in 1899. They then followed their brother to Chicago, where they joined the office of architect Edmund R. Krause. Of the projects completed by Krause during Rapp's employment, the best known was the Majestic Theatre, now the CIBC Theatre. After seven years with Krause they joined their brother to form the firm of C. W. & George L. Rapp, commonly known as Rapp & Rapp. Following early success with the Five Flags Center in Dubuque, Iowa, the new firm quickly specialized in theatres. In 1917 they began working with the Balaban & Katz chain of movie theatres, a relationship leading to the construction of many early movie palaces. In 1926 Paramount Pictures bought a controlling interest in Balaban & Katz, after which the Rapp office gained a national practice. C. Ward Rapp died the same year, leaving their brother to head the firm. The firm diversified its practice away from theatres during the 1930s, and designed a variety of commercial and industrial projects. During this period Rapp was joined by Mason Gerardi Rapp, son of their elder brother William M. Rapp. After George L. Rapp's retirement in 1938, Mason G. Rapp succeeded to the practice. After the death of their uncle in 1941 they renamed the firm Rapp & Rapp, which had always been its common name. In 1965 Rapp retired, and the firm was dissolved. Mason G. Rapp died in 1978.
Legacy
The Rapp brothers were among a group of highly influential American theatre architects, which also included Thomas W. Lamb of New York City and John Eberson of Chicago. They were responsible for the design of some 400 theatres, most of which were built in the 1920s. They designed many movie palaces, including a number of atmospheric theatres, which utilized romantic architectural elements to evoke specific times and places. Their only surviving atmospheric theatre in Chicago is the Gateway Theatre, now the Copernicus Center, completed in 1930. If murals were to be included in the theatres, Louis Grell of Chicago was commissioned to paint them.
Many of the theatres and other buildings designed by the Rapp brothers have been listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
Buildings
Some of the notable buildings that the firm designed include:
Chicago, Illinois
Central Park Theatre
Chicago Theatre
Gateway Theatre, now Copernicus Center
Hotel Windermere
Jackson Shore Apartments
New Bismarck Hotel, today "Hotel Allegro"
Old Dearborn Bank Building, also known as 203 North Wabash Street
Oriental Theatre, now James M. Nederlander Theatre
Palace Theatre
Riviera Theatre
Tivoli Theatre
Uptown Theatre
Other areas
Denver, Colorado
Paramount Theatre
Aurora, Illinois
Paramount Theatre
Champaign, Illinois
Orpheum Theater
Joliet, Illinois
Rialto Square Theatre
Streator, Illinois
The Majestic Theatre
Davenport, Iowa
Capital Theater
Dubuque, Iowa
Five Flags Center
Sioux City, Iowa
Orpheum Theatre
Wichita, Kansas
Miller Theater (1922-1972)
Ashland, Kentucky
Paramount Arts Center
Detroit, Michigan
Leland Hotel
Michigan Theatre
Kansas City, Missouri
Mainstreet Theater
St. Louis, Missouri
Ambassador Theatre (demolished)
St. Louis Theater (now Powell Hall)
Jersey City, New Jersey
Loew's Jersey Theater
Buffalo, New York
Shea's Theatre
Middletown, New York
Paramount Theatre
New York City
Paramount Theatre, Brooklyn
Paramount Theatre, Times Square
Loew's Kings Theatre, Brooklyn
Cincinnati, Ohio
Palace Theatre (demolished)
Cleveland, Ohio
Palace Theatre
Youngstown, Ohio
Warner Theatre (now DeYor Performing Arts Center)
Tulsa, Oklahoma
Akdar Theatre 1922-1964
Portland, Oregon
Paramount Theatre (now Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall)
Erie, Pennsylvania
Warner Theatre
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Loew's Penn Theatre (now Heinz Hall)
West Chester, Pennsylvania
Warner Theatre
Providence, Rhode Island
Loew's State Theatre, now the Providence Performing Arts Center
Mitchell, South Dakota
Corn Palace
Chattanooga, Tennessee
Tivoli Theatre
Memphis, Tennessee
Orpheum Theatre
Charlottesville, Virginia
Paramount Theater
Seattle, Washington
Paramount Theatre
Baraboo, Wisconsin
Al. Ringling TheaterMadison, Wisconsin
Orpheum Theatre (Madison, Wisconsin)
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Uptown Theatre (demolished)
Bradley Symphony Center, formerly the Warner Grand Theater
Kenosha, Wisconsin
Gateway Theatre, now the Rhode Center for the Arts
Racine, Wisconsin
RKO Main Street Theatre
References
Further reading
Charles Ward Rapp, Rapp & Rapp, Architects'' (2014)
External links
Theatre Historical Society of America
History of Chicago's Uptown Theatre
Friends of the Uptown
Balaban and Katz
Friends of the Loew's (Jersey Theatre)
Rialto Square Theater Official Website
203 North Wabash building website
Hotel Warner website
Louis Grell Foundation/
Architectural records for buildings by Rapp & Rapp, (ca. 1911-1971 (bulk 1911-1959)), held by the Chicago History Museum
American theatre architects
Architects from Illinois
Defunct architecture firms based in Chicago
Interleukin 24 (IL-24) is a protein in the interleukin family, a type of cytokine signaling molecule in the immune system. In humans, this protein is encoded by the IL24 gene.
IL-24 is a cytokine belonging to the IL-10 family of cytokines that signals through two heterodimeric receptors: IL-20R1/IL-20R2 and IL-22R1/IL-20R2. This interleukin is also known as melanoma differentiation-associated 7 (mda-7) due to its discovery as a tumour suppressing protein. IL-24 appears to control cell survival and proliferation by inducing rapid activation of particular transcription factors called STAT1 and STAT3. This cytokine is predominantly released by activated monocytes, macrophages and T helper 2 (Th2) cells and acts on skin, lung, and reproductive tissues. IL-24 performs important roles in wound healing, arthritis, psoriasis and cancer. Several studies have shown that cell death occurs in cancer cells/cell lines following exposure to IL-24. The gene for IL-24 is located on chromosome 1 in humans.
Structure
The structure of IL-24 has been found through crystallization by fusing a flexible linker with a ligand to its two receptors, IL-22R1 and IL-20R2. The structure revealed that there is a lack of disulfides, which is present in most cytokines, and is likely the reason why IL-24 is unstable compared to other interleukins.
IL-24 is a secreted protein that is highly conserved throughout evolution with sequence homology between species including yeast, dog, cat, monkey and cow. It is located on chromosome 1q32-33 in humans along with several other IL-10 cytokine family gene members. IL-24 encompasses seven exons and six introns. The cDNA of IL-24 is 1,718 base pairs in length and encodes a protein of 206 amino acid with a predicted molecular size of ˜24 kDa. IL-24 also contains an IL-10 signature motif at amino acids 101–121 shared by other IL-10 family member cytokines. IL-24 possibly can form functionally active dimers due to the presence of potential disulfide bonds. Researchers identified a number of splice variants of IL-24 lacking one or more exons. The signal peptide in IL-24 is two times the length as in other related human cytokines (51 amino acids), and the predicted molecular mass of IL-24 monomer is 18.3 kDa.
Function
IL-24 functions as a cytokine (at low concentrations). Its normal physiological role is connected with wound healing (In normal skin cells, it suppresses keratinocyte proliferation during wound healing), protection against diseases caused by bacteria (for example Mycobacterim tuberculosis, Salmonella typhimurium, Pseudomonas aeruginosa). It is also important in autoimmune diseases such as psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis or spondyloarthropathy.
IL-24's Role in the Jak/STAT Pathway
IL-24 carries its functions through two types of membrane receptors (IL-22R1/IL-20R2 and IL-20R1/IL-20R2) with simultaneous activation of the JAK/signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) pathway within their cytoplasmic domains. IL-24 is a type of cytokine that interacts frequently with class 2 cytokine receptors. IL-24 can form IL-20R1/IL-20R2 and IL-22R1/IL-20R2 which are shared with the other IL-20SFCs and IL-22. IL-20SFC is an IL-20 subfamily of cytokines which includes IL-19, IL-20, and IL-24. They all signal through the common chain that is IL-20R2. Through these two types of membrane receptors (IL-22R1/IL-20R2 and IL-20R1/IL-20R2), simultaneous activation of the JAK/signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) pathway within their cytoplasmic domains.
Although it belongs to the same group of cytokines as IL-10, it has different effect on the immune system. IL-10 is a suppressive cytokine that suppresses inflammation while also maintaining immunomodulatory functions. Beside the normal physiological roles, IL-24 inhibits tumor growth, invasion, metastasis and angiogenesis.
Production of IL-24 by Different Cells
IL-24 can be produced by myeloid cells (in response to microbial products through TLRs), lymphoid cells, and epithelial cells in response to cytokine stimulation. IL-24 can also dampen the first rounds of CD8 cell expansion to prevent uncontrolled T cell responses. After the combination of anti-IgM and CD40-L stimulation, B lymphocytes can also induce IL-24 expression. In response to immune cells, non-lymphoid cells such as melanocytes can also produce IL-24.
Cancer
IL-24 is an immunomodulatory cytokine which can also display broad cancer-specific suppressor effects. The tumor suppressor activities of IL-24 include inhibition of angiogenesis, sensitization to chemotherapy, and induction of cancer-specific apoptosis. Given its ubiquitous apoptotic effect on malignant cells, lack of an effect on normal cells, and absence of significant side effects, IL-24 is an important candidate for cancer therapy.
IL-24 is able to induce apoptosis via both intracellular and extracellular signaling mechanisms. Secreted IL-24 protein induces a robust expression of endogenous IL-24 and subsequent induction of tumor-specific killing through an ER stress-mediated pathway as well as by ROS production. The ER stress is the initial pathway in IL-24-induced apoptosis.
An important question, which remained unresolved, is why IL-24 has the abilities to selectively induce apoptosis in a large spectrum of human cancer-derived cell lines without harming normal cells. One possible reason for this differential killing effect involves inherent biochemical differences between normal and cancer cells (ER stress, ROS production and ceramide), another possibility is that IL-24 is able to target a molecule that only triggers apoptosis in cancer cells. The third option for this differential killing effect is that both of the above hypotheses are correct.
IL-24 is able to induce toxic autophagy in cancer cells in vitro and animal models in vivo. Past independent studies have also proven that the cytokine can play a role in inflammation for inflammatory bowel disease, psoriasis, cardiovascular disease, rheumatoid arthritis, tuberculosis, and viral infection.
Secondary cytokines that evoke antitumor immune responses are stimulated by IL-24. These secondary cytokines include TNF-α, IFN-gamma, and IL-1, which induce apoptosis. IL-24 also inhibits cancer by blocking VEGF and TGF-alpha activities through inhibition of Src, a proto-oncogene, within tumor cells and inhibiting epithelial cell differentiation. IL-24 also induces apoptosis By inducing more stress on the endoplasmic reticulum.
References
External links
Interleukin24 bibliography of open articles and PubMed search term
Interleukins
Easton is an inner city area of the city of Bristol in the United Kingdom. Informally the area is considered to stretch east of Bristol city centre and the M32 motorway, centred on Lawrence Hill. Its southern and eastern borders are less defined, merging into St Philip's Marsh and Eastville. The area includes the Lawrence Hill and Barton Hill estates.
In administrative terms, Easton comprises the electoral wards of Easton and part of Lawrence Hill. It is located within the Bristol West constituency. The electoral ward of Easton includes parts of the localities of Netham and Whitehall, and a large part of Greenbank. The Bristol & Bath Railway Path passes through the ward.
History
In the medieval period Easton lay within the Royal Forest of Kingswood in the manor of Barton Regis. The name Easton is probably derived from the Anglo-Saxon East Tun meaning East Farm. The earliest documentary reference to Easton is Chester and Master's 1610 Map of Kingswood, which depicts three settlements: Upper Easton, which was centered on Easton Road, Lower Easton, which was centered on St Marks Road, and Baptist Mills, on the east bank of the River Frome.
In the post-medieval period the area became increasingly industrial with large scale extraction of coal, clay and sand occurring across the area. In the 19th century most of Easton was developed for housing.
In the late 1960s and 70s large areas of Easton were demolished to make way for new roads (A4320 Easton Way and the M32 Motorway) and housing estates.
During the 1980s crack cocaine epidemic, Easton was heavily hit with drugs. Drug gangs ran the streets of Easton throughout the 1990s and 2000s. There were several shootings in the area between another drug gang in St. Paul's, the two gangs turf were only divided the A4320 Easton Way and M32 Motoway. Gangs in Easton were still strong and violence still continued into the 2010s, by the early 2020s gang violence has drastically reduced and anti-social behaviour is on the decline. Parts of Easton have seen extremely high house price increases over the last decade.
Demographics
The Census 2011 reported that Easton has a higher proportion of under 10s and people in the 25-44 age group than the England and Wales average, but fewer 10 to 15 year olds and people aged over 45.
Easton is one of the most deprived areas in the south west of England, with the Lawrence Hill ward the most deprived ward in the region and one of the most deprived in Britain. This has resulted in the area being granted European Union objective 2 status and 'New Deal for Communities' status by the UK government which is only granted to the most underprivileged urban wards.
St Marks Road is a shopping street noted for the exuberant sculpted signs that hang above many of the shop doors, and the architecturally striking illuminated dome of Easton Mosque. There are a number of Moroccan and Indian subcontinent restaurants and shops specialising in organic and ethnic foods.
Banksy
Banksy lived in Easton in the 1990s. There are several of their artworks in the area, although the council inadvertently painted over one and another has had a tin of paint thrown over it. This was possibly done in response to the house that the art was attached to being sold as a piece of Banksy graffiti with a house thrown in for free.
Transport
Easton has two railway stations, Lawrence Hill and Stapleton Road, which are served by trains on the Severn Beach Line plus services to and from Gloucester and South Wales. The main line to South Wales, the Midlands, Scotland and London also passes through Lawrence Hill and Stapleton Road; after which the Severn Beach line branches off just north of. The M32 motorway marks the border of Easton to the north. The A4032 dual carriageway cuts the area in two.
References
External links
Easton Ward map, Bristol City Council, May 2016
Public houses in Easton
Living Easton
Areas of Bristol
Wards of Bristol
This is a list of members of the Australian House of Representatives from 1961 to 1963, as elected at the 1961 federal election.
At this time, the members for the Northern Territory and Australian Capital Territory could only vote on matters relating to their respective territories.
The Labor member for Batman, Alan Bird, died on 21 July 1962; Labor candidate Sam Benson won the resulting by-election on 1 September.
The Labor member for Grey, Edgar Russell, died on 31 March 1963; Labor candidate Jack Mortimer won the resulting by-election on 1 June.
The Labor member for East Sydney, Eddie Ward, died on 31 July 1963; Labor candidate Len Devine won the resulting by-election on 28 September.
References
Members of Australian parliaments by term
20th-century Australian politicians
Association Sportive et Culturelle Emulation is a football club of Martinique, based in the town of Schœlcher.
They play in the Martinique's first division, the Martinique Championnat National, since they gained promotion at the end of the 2007/2008 season.
External links
Club info – French Football Federation
Football clubs in Martinique
Imma melanosphena is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is found in Australia.
References
Moths described in 1918
Immidae
Moths of Australia
The following is information on Tokushima Vortis during the 2010 football season.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Tokushima Vortis
Tokushima Vortis seasons
Nazreon Hilton Reid (born August 26, 1999) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They played college basketball for the LSU Tigers.
High school career
Reid grew up in Asbury Park, New Jersey and attended Roselle Catholic High School. Following their senior season, in which they averaged 14.8 points, 7.7 rebounds and 2.1 blocks per game, Reid was invited to the 2018 McDonald's All-American Boys Game. During the game, they scored 15 points, 11 rebounds, two assists, and one block while playing for 20 minutes. Reid scored 22 points as Roselle Catholic defeated Don Bosco Prep in the NJSIAA Tournament of Champions. During their high school career they were a member of the Jelly Fam, an internet movement focused around wild finger roll layups. Nicknamed "Big Jelly", they were known for playing like a big and flashy guard. They were the only member of the movement to make it to the NBA.
Recruiting
Reid was a consensus 5-star recruit in high school, being ranked the best power forward in New Jersey and the third best power forward in the United States, as well as the 22nd best player in their class by 247 sports. On September 12, 2017, Reid committed to play college basketball at LSU. Reid later said "What drew me to the school is Coach Wade, (assistant) Coach (Greg) Heiar, all the other coaches.”
College career
Reid would make their college debut on November 6, 2018, where they scored 17 points and 6 rebounds in a blowout 94–63 win over Southeastern Louisiana University. Three days later, Reid would score their season-high 29 points, along with 7 rebounds, and shooting 4–6 behind the arc. Throughout their entire first-year student season, Reid averaged 13.6 points, 7.2 rebounds, and 0.9 assists. On April 3, 2019, Reid declared for the 2019 NBA draft and hired an agent, foregoing their final three years of college eligibility.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2019 NBA draft, on July 5, 2019, Reid signed with the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the Timberwolves' NBA G League affiliate, the Iowa Wolves. Under the terms of that deal, Reid would split time between Minnesota and Iowa. They also played for Minnesota in the 2019 NBA Summer League. On July 17, 2019, they signed a multi-year contract with the Timberwolves. Reid was assigned to the Timberwolves' NBA G League affiliate, the Iowa Wolves for opening night of the G League season.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Minnesota
| 30 || 11 || 16.5 || .412 || .330 || .698 || 4.1 || 1.2 || .6 || .7 || 9.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Minnesota
| 70 || 15 || 19.2 || .523 || .351 || .693 || 4.6 || 1.0 || .5 || 1.1 || 11.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"|Minnesota
| 77 || 6 || 15.8 || .489 || .343 || .765 || 3.9 || .9 || .5 || .9 || 8.3
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 177 || 32 || 17.3 || .490 || .343 || .723 || 4.2 || 1.0 || .5 || 1.0 || 9.5
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2022
| style="text-align:left;"|Minnesota
| 5 || 0 || 10.8 || .412 || .429 || 1.000 || 2.8 || .0 || .2 || 1.2 || 4.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"|Career
| 5 || 0 || 10.8 || .412 || .429 || 1.000 || 2.8 || .0 || .2 || 1.2 || 4.8
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| LSU
| 34 || 32 || 27.2 || .468 || .333 || .727 || 7.2 || .9 || .7 || .7 || 13.6
References
External links
LSU Tigers bio
USA Basketball bio
1999 births
Living people
21st-century African-American men
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New Jersey
Centers (basketball)
Iowa Wolves players
LSU Tigers basketball players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Minnesota Timberwolves players
People from Asbury Park, New Jersey
Power forwards (basketball)
Roselle Catholic High School alumni
Sportspeople from Monmouth County, New Jersey
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1550.
Events
June – Robert Estienne leaves Paris for Geneva, where they set up a printing press.
July 17 – King Edward VI of England gives Humphrey Powell a grant to start printing in Ireland.
unknown dates
The first book in Slovene, Catechismus, is written by Protestant reformer Primož Trubar and printed in Schwäbisch Hall, Holy Roman Empire, followed by their Abecedarium.
Nostradamus' first almanac is printed.
The Chinese shenmo fantasy novel Fengshen Yanyi is first published in book form.
New books
Prose
Leandro Alberti – Istoria di Bologna
Martin Bucer – De regno Christi
Thomas Cranmer – Defence of the True and Catholic Doctrine of the Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ
Doddayya – Chandraprabha Purana
Louis Maigret – Traité de la Grammaire française (the first grammatical description of French)
Ramamatya – Svaramelakalanidhi (treatise on music)
Richard Sherry – A Treatise of Schemes and Tropes
Primož Trubar
Catechismus
Abecedarium
The Facetious Nights of Straparola (the first European storybook of fairy tales)
Giorgio Vasari – Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects
Rosary of the Philosophers
Drama
Thomas Naogeorgus – Agricultura sacra
Hans Sachs
Der fahrende Schüler im Paradies
Das Wildbad
Poetry
See 1550 in poetry
Births
December 22 – Cesare Cremonini, Italian philosopher (died 1631)
unknown dates
Wacker von Wackenfels, German diplomat, scholar and author (died 1619)
Zang Maoxun, Chinese playwright (died 1620)
Probable year of birth – Philip Henslowe, Elizabethan theatrical entrepreneur and impresario (died 1616)
Deaths
February – Marcantonio Flaminio, Latin-language poet (born c. 1498)
July 9 (probable date) – Jacopo Bonfadio, Italian historian, executed for sodomy (born c. 1508)
December 8 – Gian Giorgio Trissino, Italian poet, dramatist and grammarian (born 1478)
unknown date
Eguinaire Baron, French legal writer (born 1495)
William Lamb alias Paniter, Scottish writer, cleric and lawyer (born c. 1493)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Vicentia Refiloe Kgabe is an Anglican priest and academic.
Early life and education
Born in Soweto, Kgabe attended schools in Soweto, they started their theological training at the College of the Transfiguration. They undertook further theological studies at the University of Pretoria where they obtained a PhD in Practical Theology in 2011. They have also attended Pretoria University's Gordon Institute of Business Science (GIBS) leadership programme.
Clerical career
Kgabe was made deacon in 2002 and was ordained as a priest in 2003. They served as rector of the Parish of Weltevreden St Michael and All Angels, a position they have held since 2013. They have, however, served in parishes around the Diocese of Johannesburg since their ordination. They were an archdeacon in the Diocese of Johannesburg, where they have had responsibility for the promotion and discernment of vocations to the ordained ministry of the church.
In 2014 they were appointed rector of the College of the Transfiguration.
In 2021 they were elected as bishop of Lesotho.
Other work
Member of the board for Hope Africa and of the council of the College of the Transfiguration.
Publications
Notes and references
21st-century Anglican Church of Southern Africa bishops
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women Anglican clergy
Abraeomorphus himalayae is a species of beetle first discovered in 1980. No sub-species are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
References
Beetles described in 1980
Histeridae
Központi Sport- és Ifjúsági SE is a water polo club from Budapest, Hungary. The team competes in the Országos Bajnokság I.
Team
Current squad
Squad for the 2013–14 season
Technical staff
Notable former players
Attila Sudár
György Kenéz
Tibor Benedek
Zsolt Varga
Tamás Märcz
Attila Vári
Barnabás Steinmetz
Tamás Kásás
Ádám Steinmetz
External links
Sport in Budapest
Water polo clubs in Hungary
Dragomir A. Cioroslan (born 15 May 1954) is an Olympian retired middleweight weightlifter born in Romania. They have lived in the United States since 1990. They competed at the 1976, 1980 and 1984 Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1984. Cioroslan won 10 national championships titles in their native Romania from 1974 to 1983. Besides weightlifting they participated in bodybuilding competitions. Between 1985 and 1990 they served as deputy secretary general and national coaching director of the Romanian Weightlifting Federation. In 1990 Cioroslan moved to the United States and worked as national resident program coach from 1990 to 2003. From 1993 to 2003 Cioroslan served as USA Weightlifting's national coach at World Championships, 1993–2003, Pan American Games coach in 1995 and 1999 as well as USA Weightlifting's head Olympic team coach at 1996 and 2000 Olympic Games.
In 2006 Cioroslan was named to the position of Director of International Strategies and Development at the United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee. In 1998 Cioroslan co-authored the book Banish Your Belly, Rodale Press, with Kenton Robinson. From 1998 to 2009 Cioroslan was a contributing writer to the Encyclopædia Britannica, Britannica Book of the Year.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Romania
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Olympic bronze medalists for Romania
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Romanian male weightlifters
Sportspeople from Cluj-Napoca
North Yemen () was a country that existed in the Arabian Peninsula from 1918 to 1990 in the northern part of what is now Yemen. Its capital was Sanaa from 1918 to 1948 and again from 1962 to 1990. In 1962, the country fought a bloody civil war that ended with the abolition of the monarchy and the creation of a republic in 1970. North Yemen was admitted to the United Nations on September 30, 1947, and was one of the predecessor states of Yemen, alongside South Yemen, until its eventual unification. In 2014, the Houthi movement took control parts of North Yemen, which eventually escalated into a civil war.
History
Following the collapse of the Ottoman Empire in 1918 after the Great War, northern Yemen became an independent state as the Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen. On September 27, 1962, revolutionaries inspired by the Arab nationalist ideology of United Arab Republic (Egyptian) President Gamal Abdel Nasser deposed the newly crowned King Muhammad al-Badr, took control of Sanaʽa, and established the Yemen Arab Republic (YAR). This coup d'état marked the beginning of the North Yemen Civil War that pitted YAR troops, assisted by the United Arab Republic (Egypt), against Badr's royalist forces, supported by Saudi Arabia and Jordan. Conflict continued periodically until 1967, when Egyptian troops were withdrawn to join the conflict of the Six-Day War. By 1968, following a failed royalist siege of Sanaʽa, most of the opposing leaders reached a reconciliation. Saudi Arabia recognized the Republic in 1970.
Unlike East and West Germany or North and South Korea, the YAR and its southern neighbor, the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen (PDRY), also known as South Yemen, remained relatively cordial, though relations were often strained. Following the Yemenite War of 1972, the two nations declared that unification would eventually occur. However, these plans were put on hold due to the Yemenite War of 1979, and war was stopped only by an Arab League intervention. The goal of unity was reaffirmed by the northern and southern heads of state during a summit meeting in Kuwait in March 1979.
Politics
North Yemen was a republic governed nominally under a constitution adopted in 1970, suspended in 1974, and largely restored between 1978 and the late 1980s. Although a succession of bodies carried out some of the functions of a legislature, they exercised little real power until the late 1980s. During that period, policy making remained in the hands of a relatively progressive military elite that worked closely with a variety of civilians that included a large and growing group of technocrats, the major tribal leaders, and other traditional conservative notables. Although political parties were formally banned, several parties did exist and operated with varying degrees of influence during and between elections.
Unification
In May 1988, the YAR and PDRY governments came to an understanding that considerably reduced tensions. They agreed to renew discussions concerning unification, to establish a joint oil exploration area along their undefined border, to demilitarize the border, and to allow Yemenis unrestricted border passage on the basis of a national identification card.
Official Yemeni unification took place on May 22, 1990, with a planned, 30-month process, scheduled for completion in November 1992. The first stamp bearing the inscription "Yemen Republic" was issued in October 1990. While government ministries proceeded to merge, both currencies remained valid until June 11, 1996. A civil war in 1994 delayed the completion of the final merger.
Reviving North Yemen
After unification, the Houthi movement began a rebellion against President Saleh's regime that escalated into a violent insurgency in parts of the former North Yemen. Ultimately, it led to a takeover in 2014 which was led by a eventual civil war and the subsequent intervention by Saudi Arabia.
See also
History of Yemen
Imams of Yemen
List of Shia dynasties
Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen
United Arab States
Yemen Arab Republic
United Nations Security Council Resolution 188
Yemen
Notes
References
States and territories established in 1962
States and territories disestablished in 1990
Former countries in the Middle East
Arab republics
Former Arab states
1962 establishments in Asia
1990 disestablishments in Asia
Military dictatorships
Natalie Delamere (born 9 November 1996) is a New Zealand rugby union player.
Biography
Delamere made their debut for the Bay of Plenty in the 2014 Farah Palmer Cup season, they were still in their last year at Rotorua Girls' High School. They also played for Waikato from 2016 to 2018.
Delamere was named in the Matatū squad for the inaugural 2022 Super Rugby Aupiki season. They debuted for the NSW Waratahs in the 2022 Super W season against Fijiana Drua on 1st April. The NSW Waratahs met Fijiana Drua again in the Final where they scored a hat-trick.
Delamere was selected for the Black Ferns squad for the 2022 Pacific Four Series. They made their international test debut on 18 June 2022 against the United States at Whangārei. They were named in the team again for a two-test series against the Wallaroos for the Laurie O'Reilly Cup.
Delamere was selected for the Black Ferns 2021 Rugby World Cup 32-player squad.
References
External links
Black Ferns Profile
Living people
1996 births
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand women's international rugby union players
People educated at Rotorua Girls' High School
Rugby union hookers
People from Murupara
Located on the northeast corner of Brazos and Eighth Street, Central Presbyterian Church in Austin, Texas. Central Presbyterian Church is a member of Mission Presbytery, in the Synod of the Sun region of the Presbyterian Church (USA).
It maintains a program of ministry, outreach, and cultural events. It has presented free concerts weekly since 1980, and since 2006 the church has been a venue for the SXSW Music Festival.
History
The congregation traces its roots to October 13, 1839, when Austin's first Presbyterian worship service was held at Bullock's hotel. The City of Austin was chartered two and a half months later, December 27, 1839. Present at that service was builder Abner Cook, elder in the first Presbyterian church organized in Austin.
They helped acquire the property at the northeast corner of Brazos and Bois d'Arc (now Eighth Street) for the Presbyterian Church (South) following a post-Civil War split in the church. A sanctuary was completed on the site in 1874; the current sanctuary was built in 1957. It was recognized by the Texas Historical Commission in 1989 as an historical site.
The congregation was known in later years as Southern Presbyterian Church, the Free Presbyterian Church, First Southern Presbyterian Church, and (currently) Central Presbyterian Church. It has counted among its members many individuals important in the life of the denomination and the city of Austin, including Gov. Francis R. Lubbock; William Sidney Porter (O. Henry); A. N. and Jane Y. McCallum; Dr. George Clark and Rebecca Kilgore Stuart Red; and U. S. Attorney General Thomas Watt Gregory. The Rev. Richmond Kelley Smoot, pastor from 1876 to 1905, played an important role in the national denomination and in the development of the Austin Presbyterian Theological Seminary.
The congregation has been instrumental in organizing five Presbyterian churches in Austin.
First identified as Presbyterian Church (South), the congregation has been known subsequently as Austin Presbyterian Church, Southern Presbyterian Church, Free Presbyterian Church (i.e. its pews were not for sale to families) and First Southern Presbyterian Church. In 1983, with national reunification of the Northern and Southern branches of the denomination into the Presbyterian Church (USA), the church changed its name to Central Presbyterian Church.
Notes
References
The Roots of Central Presbyterian Church, Austin Texas by Bo Byers 1989, published by Nortex Press
External links
Central Presbyterian Church
Mission Presbytery
Synod of the Sun
O. Henry Museum
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Churches in Austin, Texas
Presbyterian churches in Texas
Presbyterian Church in the United States churches
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Swabhimani Paksha is a political party in Maharashtra, India, formed by Raju Shetti, as a political wing of the Swabhimani Shetkari Saghtana after its split from the Shetkari Sanghatana led by Sharad Joshi in 2004. In 2004, Raju Shetti was elected to the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha from Shirol constituency as a Swabhimani Paksha candidate. Later, they were elected to the 15th Lok Sabha in 2009 from Hatkanangle constituency. In 2019, Devendra Mahadevrao Bhuyar was elected to the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha from Morshi constituency as a Swabhimani Paksha candidate.
The party joined the Bharatiya Janata Party led National Democratic Alliance in 2014 and won one seat in the 2014 Indian general election when Shetti was elected.
Strength in Vidhan Sabha
Split in Organisation
Notes
External links
Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana website
1994 establishments in Maharashtra
Conservative liberal parties
Conservative parties in India
Liberal parties in India
Member parties of the United Progressive Alliance
Political parties established in 1994
Political parties in Maharashtra
The Turkey national women's cricket team is the team that represents Turkey in international women's cricket. In April 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) granted full Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Turkey women and other ICC members after 1 July 2018 are full WT20I matches.
In December 2020, the ICC announced the qualification pathway for the 2023 ICC Women's T20 World Cup. The Turkey women's team are scheduled to make their debut at an ICC women's event when they play in the 2021 ICC Women's T20 World Cup Europe Qualifier group. However, in August 2021, they were forced to withdraw from the tournament, as they were unable to get approval to travel from the Turkish Sports Ministry.
References
External links
Official website
Woman 's
Women's national cricket teams
Zhang Huiqiang (; born 14 October 1976) is a Chinese racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Chinese male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of China
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bjørkum is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andreas Bjørkum (1932–2014), Norwegian philologist
Erik Bjørkum (born 1965), Norwegian sailor
Olav Bjørkum (1859–1936), Norwegian politician
Norwegian-language surnames
The Forester Sisters were an American country music vocal group consisting of sisters Kathy, June, Kim, and Christy Forester. The group's discography consists of 11 studio albums, four compilation albums and 22 singles. Between 1985 and 1992, the group charted 20 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
Albums
Studio albums
Christmas albums
Gospel albums
Compilation albums
Singles
As a featured artist
Music videos
References
Country music discographies
Discographies of American artists
Felleskjøpet or FK is a Norwegian agricultural cooperative that serves as a retailer of agricultural operating equipment including animal food and seeds. It is also a wholesaler of grains. The corporation is organised into three separate independent companies that share the same brand and cooperate extensively, Felleskjøpet Agri, Felleskjøpet Rogaland Agder and Felleskjøpet Nordmøre og Romsdal. The company had a revenue of NOK 10.6 billion in 2006 operation 105 stores, 61 workshops and 55 grain reception with 1,735 employees. Felleskjøpet is owned by 54,207 members and is one of 13 agricultural cooperatives in Norway.
History
The need for an agricultural retailing system evolved through the mid-19th century; and, in 1896, the first Felleskjøp, Landhusholdningselskaberbnes Fællesinnkjøbsforening was founded, soon followed by more. Eventually they started to merge, and 2006 saw the merger between Felleskjøpet Trondheim and Felleskjøpet ØstVest to Felleskjøpet Agri, creating a company covering almost the entire country.
External links
Retail companies of Norway
Wholesalers of Norway
Food and drink companies of Norway
Agricultural cooperatives in Norway
Retail companies established in 1896
1896 establishments in Norway
Food and drink companies established in 1896
Execrator may refer to:
Someone who casts a curse
"Execrator", a song by the Sword from the album Apocryphon
The 64th Assembly District of Wisconsin is one of 99 districts in the Wisconsin State Assembly. Located in southeast Wisconsin, the district comprises northeast corner of Kenosha County and the southeast corner of Racine County, including part of the cities of Racine and Kenosha, as well as the village of Elmwood Park and parts of the villages of Somers and Mount Pleasant east of Wisconsin Highway 31. The district also contains the University of Wisconsin–Parkside campus, Carthage College, and the Kenosha campus of Gateway Technical College. The district is represented by Democrat Tip McGuire, since May 2019.
The 64th Assembly District is located within Wisconsin's 22nd Senate district, along with the 65th and 66th Assembly districts.
List of District Representatives
Electoral history
References
Wisconsin State Assembly districts
Kenosha County, Wisconsin
Racine County, Wisconsin
The Alpini Battalion "Val Tagliamento" () is an inactive battalion of the Italian Army's mountain infantry speciality, the Alpini, which distinguished itself in combat during World War I and World War II.
History
World War I
The battalion was raised on 10 February 1915 with reservists of the Alpini Battalion "Tolmezzo" of the 8th Alpini Regiment. The battalion's name, like the names of all Alpini battalions raised during World War I with first line reservists, was the name of a valley near the active battalion's base; in the Val Tagliamento battalion's case the Tagliamento valley, which extends to the north from Tolmezzo. As with all Alpini battalions the recruits for the battalions were drafted exclusively from the area surrounding the battalions base. Initially the battalion fielded the 212th and 272nd Alpini companies, and received the 278th Alpini Company on 1 November 1916.
The Val Tagliamento battalion's history is intertwined with the history of the 8th Alpini Regiment, with which it served during World War I. After having suffered heavy losses during the Battle of Caporetto and the following retreat to the Piave the battalion was disbanded on 15 February 1918. For its conduct during the war the battalion was awarded a Silver Medal of Military Valour.
World War II
The battalion was reformed in August 1939 and assigned to the 3rd Alpine Division "Julia" 19 November 1940 for service in the Greco-Italian War. The battalion suffered heavily during the fighting in the Pindus mountains and lost its commanding officer on 8 January 1941 to enemy fire. After the German invasion of Greece and the Greek surrender the battalion was sent to Yugoslavia on anti-partisan duties. For its conduct during the Greco-Italian war the battalion was awarded a Silver Medal of Military Valour. In July 1943 the battalion returned to its depot in Tolmezzo, where the battalion was renamed Alpini Battalion "Tolmezzo", as the original Tolmezzo battalion had been destroyed in Ukraine during the Italian Army in Russia's retreat in January 1943.
Cold War
On 1 July 1963 the XV Alpini Fortification Battalion in Stazione Carnia was renamed Alpini Battalion "Val Tagliamento". The battalion was part of the 11th Alpini Fortification Grouping of the Alpine Brigade "Julia" and tasked with tasked to man fortifications in the upper Canale valley, which the Italian Army (correctly) assumed to be one of two main directions of a possible Warsaw Pact advance. Initially the Val Tagliamento fielded six companies, but 30 June 1964 a further three companies arrived from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Natisone". During the 1975 army reform the 11th Alpini Fortification Grouping was disbanded on 1 June 1975, as was the Val Tagliamento's sister battalion "Val Fella", whose six companies were transferred to the Val Tagliamento. After the reform the Val Tagliamento received the war flag and traditions of the 11th Alpini Fortification Grouping, moved its headquarters to Tolmezzo, and fielded 16 Alpini companies for an organic strength of over 2,500 men, making it by far the largest battalion in the Italian Army. Below all companies of the battalion are listed with the Nappina color denoting to which battalion a company was originally assigned: = Val Tagliamento = Val Fella = Val Natisone
Alpini Battalion "Val Tagliamento", in Tolmezzo
Command and Services Company, in Tolmezzo
212th Alpini Company (Type A*, Plöcken Pass fortifications)
216th Alpini Company (Type B*, Campiolo fortifications)
220th Alpini Company (Type C*, Portis fortifications)
269th Alpini Company (Type B, Ugovizza fortifications)
270th Alpini Company (Type C, Malborghetto fortifications)
271st Alpini Company (Type C, Val d'Uque fortifications)
272nd Alpini Company (Type C, Torre Moscarda fortifications)
273rd Alpini Company (Type C, Tratte fortifications)
278th Alpini Company (Type C, Stua di Ramaz fortifications)
288th Alpini Company (Type C, Cavazzo fortifications)
306th Alpini Company (Type C, Sella Sompdogna fortifications)
307th Alpini Company (Type C, Sella Nevea fortifications)
308th Alpini Company (Type B, Sella Carnizza fortifications)
312th Alpini Company (Type C, Case Marco fortifications)
313th Alpini Company (Type C, Cereschiatis fortifications)
314th Alpini Company (Type C, Ponte del Cristo fortifications)
Type A = fortification fully equipped, provisioned and manned; close support platoon on site
Type B = fortification fully equipped, provisioned and manned; close support platoon off site
Type C = fortification fully equipped; provisions, crew and close support platoon off site
For its conduct and work after the 1976 Friuli earthquake the battalion was awarded a Bronze Medal of Army Valour, which was affixed to the battalion's war flag and added to the battalion's coat of arms.
The fortifications the Val Tagliamento would man in case of war with the Warsaw Pact had been built as Alpine Wall in the early stages of World War II and as fixed fortifications became obsolete the battalion was steadily reduced in the second half of the 1980s consisted of the following companies:
Alpini Battalion "Val Tagliamento", in Tolmezzo
Command and Services Company, in Tolmezzo
212th Alpini Company, in Paluzza
216th Fortifications Maintenance and Surveillance Company, in Tolmezzo
269th Alpini Company Ugovizza
308th Fortifications Maintenance and Surveillance Company, in Pontebba
On 26 September 1992 the battalion was disbanded its war flag was transferred to the shrine of the flags at the Vittoriano in Rome.
War flag and coat of arms
Three of the medals affixed to the Val Tagliamento's war flag and displayed on the battalion's coat of arms had actually been awarded to the Val Natisone battalion (one Silver Medal of Military Valour for the battalions conduct during the Greco-Italian war and one Bronze Medal of Military Valour for the battalion's conduct during the Battle of Asiago), respectively the Val Fella battalion (one Silver Medal of Military Valour for the battalions conduct during the Greco-Italian war), but when the two battalions were merged into the Val Tagliamento their decorations and traditions were added to the Val Tagliamento's.
External links
Battaglione Alpini "Val Tagliamento" on vecio.it
Source
Franco dell'Uomo, R. di Rosa: "L'Esercito Italiano verso il 2000 - Volume Secondo - Tomo I", Rome 2001, Stato Maggiore dell'Esercito - Ufficio Storico, page: 500
References
Alpini Battalions of Italy
Richard Naradof Goodwin (December 7, 1931 – May 20, 2018) was an American writer and presidential advisor. They were an aide and speechwriter to Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson, and to Senator Robert F. Kennedy. They were married to historian Doris Kearns Goodwin for 42 years until their death in 2018 after a short bout with cancer. They were 86.
Early life and education
Goodwin was born on December 7, 1931, in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Belle (née Fisher) and Joseph C. Goodwin, an engineer and insurance salesperson. Goodwin was raised Jewish. Goodwin graduated from Brookline High School, and in 1953 graduated summa cum laude from Tufts University.
They enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1954, and served as a private in post-World War II France. After returning to the United States, they studied at Harvard Law School, graduating in 1958 summa cum laude. They were first in their class and president of the Harvard Law Review.
Career
Early career
After clerking for Justice Felix Frankfurter of the U.S. Supreme Court, Goodwin became counsel for the House Committee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce where Goodwin was involved in investigating quiz show scandals, particularly the Twenty-One scandal. This affair provided the story for the 1994 movie Quiz Show, in which Goodwin was portrayed by actor Rob Morrow.
Kennedy administration
Goodwin joined the speechwriting staff of John F. Kennedy in 1959. Fellow Kennedy speechwriter Ted Sorensen became a mentor to Goodwin. Goodwin was one of the youngest members of the group of "New Frontiersmen" who advised Kennedy; others included Fred Dutton, Ralph Dungan, Kenneth O'Donnell, and Harris Wofford, all of whom were under 37 years old.
In 1961, after Kennedy became president, Goodwin became assistant special counsel to the President and a member of the Task Force on Latin American Affairs. Later that year, Kennedy appointed them Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs; Goodwin held this position until 1963. Goodwin reportedly opposed the Bay of Pigs invasion and unsuccessfully tried to persuade Kennedy not to order the operation.
In August 1961, Goodwin was part of a delegation headed by US Treasury Secretary Douglas Dillon that was sent to Uruguay to attend a conference of Latin American finance ministers. The topic under discussion was the Alliance for Progress, which was endorsed by all countries representatives excepting Cuban representative Che Guevara. However, Guevara had no intentions of going home empty handed; they noticed that Goodwin smoked cigars during the meetings, and through an intermediary challenged him, suggesting they wouldn't dare smoke a Cuban cigar. Goodwin accepted the challenge, and subsequently, a gift of cigars in an elaborate polished mahogany box arrived from Guevara. Guevara expressed their desire to talk informally with Goodwin, and Goodwin received permission from Treasury Secretary Dillon. However, during the last day of the conference, Guevara had critical words for the press concerning the Alliance for Progress, and being the only representative to do so, speaking passionately on the topic, was upstaging the business-like, pin-striped, former-Wall-Street-banker Dillon. Dillon retracted their agreement for Guevara and Goodwin's meeting. However, Guevara persevered, and Goodwin agreed to listen, but they stressed that they had no real negotiating power.
Later that evening at a party, Brazilian and Argentinian officials acted as intermediaries; Guevara and Goodwin were introduced, and went to a separate room so they could talk. Jokingly, Guevara "thanked" Goodwin for the Bay of Pigs invasion that had occurred only a few months earlier, as it had only solidified support for Castro. The ice was broken and the two men. Although they understood their countries were not destined to be friendly allies, they focused on what they could accomplish for the sake of peace. Ultimately, they came to the non-binding conclusion that if Cuba would be willing to desist from forming any military alliances with the USSR, nor try aid revolutionaries in other Latin American countries, America would be willing to stop trying to remove Castro by force and lift the trade embargo on Cuba, and vice versa. They agreed to reveal their conversation to only their respective leaders, Castro and Kennedy. Despite agreeing to detail to Castro what they discussed in their meeting, Guevara afterwards contacted Goodwin through the Argentine participant of the meeting Horatio Larretta to express their appreciation.
After returning from Uruguay, Goodwin wrote a memo for Kennedy on the meeting, where they stated how successful they were in convincing Guevara that they were a member of Guevara's "newer generation" and how Guevara also sent another message to Goodwin where they described their meeting "quite profitable." While the meeting prompted a "minor political furor," President Kennedy was ultimately satisfied with the outcome of Goodwin's efforts, and was the first to smoke one of the contraband Cuban cigars Goodwin had brought back. "'Are they good?' the president asked. 'They're the best,' Goodwin replied, prompting Kennedy to immediately open Guevara's gift and sample one of the Havanas."
In July 1962, Goodwin met President Kennedy and U.S. Ambassador Lincoln Gordon and began assisting in plans for the eventual 1964 Brazil coup against then-Brazil President João Goulart.
Goodwin also did significant work in the Kennedy White House to relocate ancient Egyptian monuments that were threatened with destruction in the building of the Aswan Dam, including the Abu Simbel temples. Historian Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr., in their book A Thousand Days: John F. Kennedy in the White House, called Goodwin "the supreme generalist" who could:
"...turn from Latin America to saving the Nile Monuments, from civil rights to planning a White House dinner for the Nobel Prize winners, from composing a parody of Norman Mailer to drafting a piece of legislation, from lunching with a Supreme Court Justice to dining with [actor] Jean Seberg — and at the same time retain an unquenchable spirit of sardonic liberalism and unceasing drive to get things done."
Following the assassination of John F. Kennedy, at the request of Jacqueline Kennedy, Goodwin arranged for an eternal flame to be placed at Kennedy's grave at Arlington National Cemetery.
Johnson administration
From 1963 to 1964, Goodwin served as the secretary-general of the International Peace Corps Secretariat. In 1964, they became special assistant to the president in the Lyndon B. Johnson administration. Goodwin has been credited with naming Johnson's legislative agenda "the Great Society", a term first used by Johnson in a May 1964 speech. Although Goodwin contributed to a speech for Johnson outlining the program, Bill Moyers, another Johnson advisor, was the principal author of the speech.
Goodwin wrote speeches for Johnson reacting to Bloody Sunday, the violent police suppression of civil rights marchers on the Edmund Pettus Bridge (1965) and calling for passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Goodwin was also one of the writers of Robert F. Kennedy's Day of Affirmation Address (1966), the "ripple of hope" speech in which Kennedy denounced apartheid in South Africa. Goodwin was a key figure in the creation of the Alliance for Progress, a U.S. program to stimulate economic development in Latin America, and wrote a major speech for Johnson on the subject.
Career after government
In September 1965, Goodwin resigned from their White House position over their disillusionment with the Vietnam War. After their departure, Goodwin continued to write speeches for Johnson occasionally, the last being the 1966 State of the Union Address. In 1975, Time magazine reported that Goodwin had resigned after Johnson, who wanted to oust people close to Robert F. Kennedy from the White House, had asked FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover to investigate him. The next year, Goodwin publicly joined the antiwar movement, publishing Triumph or Tragedy, a book critical of the war. They also published articles criticizing the Johnson administration's actions in Vietnam in The New Yorker under a pseudonym.
After leaving government, Goodwin held teaching positions; they were a fellow at Wesleyan University's Center for Advanced Studies in Middletown, Connecticut, from 1965 to 1967 and was visiting professor of public affairs at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1968. In 1968, Goodwin was briefly involved in Eugene McCarthy's presidential campaign, managing McCarthy's campaign in the New Hampshire primary, in which McCarthy won almost 42% of the vote, which was considered a moral, though not actual, victory over Johnson. Goodwin left McCarthy's campaign and worked for Senator Robert F. Kennedy after they entered the race.
Goodwin served briefly as political editor of Rolling Stone in 1974. They wrote a memoir, Remembering America: A Voice from the Sixties (1988). In 2000, they contributed some lines to the concession speech Al Gore wrote with their chief speechwriter Eli Attie following the Supreme Court's controversial decision in Bush v. Gore.
Their work was published in The New Yorker and they wrote numerous books, articles and plays. In 2003, the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre in Guildford, England, produced their new work The Hinge of the World, which took as its subject matter the 17th-century conflict between Galileo Galilei and the Vatican. Retitled Two Men of Florence (referring to Galileo and their adversary Pope Urban VIII, who as Cardinal Maffeo Barberini had once been Galileo's mentor), the play made its American debut at the Huntington Theatre in Boston in March 2009.
Awards and honors
Goodwin received the Public Leadership Award from the Aspen Institute and the Distinguished American Award from the John F. Kennedy Library.
Personal life
Goodwin was married to Sandra Leverant from 1958 until their death in 1972. They had one son, Richard. In 1975, they married writer and historian Doris Kearns, with whom they had two children: Michael and Joseph. Goodwin died at their home in Concord, Massachusetts, on May 20, 2018, after a brief bout with cancer. They were 86 years old.
Personal characteristics
Gay Talese once described Goodwin as resembling "a hungover Italian journalist."
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 2)
Path to War
Richard N. Goodwin Official Website
Books
References
1931 births
2018 deaths
20th-century American Jews
Speechwriters for presidents of the United States
Brookline High School alumni
Deaths from cancer in Massachusetts
Harvard Law School alumni
Kennedy administration personnel
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Lawyers from Boston
Lyndon B. Johnson administration personnel
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Robert F. Kennedy
Rolling Stone people
Tufts University alumni
United States presidential advisors
Wesleyan University faculty
Writers from Boston
Samuel Shellabarger (December 10, 1817 – August 6, 1896) was an American lawyer and politician who served three different stints as a Republican U.S. Representative from Ohio in the mid-19th century.
Biography
Born near Enon, Ohio, Shellabarger attended the county schools and was graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1841. They studied law and was admitted to the bar, commencing practice in Springfield, Ohio, in 1846. They served as a member of the State house of representatives in 1852 and 1853.
Shellabarger was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1861 – March 3, 1863). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1862 to the Thirty-eighth Congress. Shellabarger was elected to the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Congresses (March 4, 1865 – March 3, 1869). They declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1868. They served as U.S. Minister to Portugal from April 21 to December 31, 1869.
Shellabarger was again elected to the Forty-second Congress (March 4, 1871 – March 3, 1873). During that term they served as chairperson of the Committee on Commerce. Perhaps the most historically memorable moment of their life came early in this term when they drafted an anti-Ku Klux Klan bill—sometimes referred to as the Civil Rights Act of 1871. After passage by both houses of Congress, the bill was signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant on April 20. This bill was very instrumental in giving Grant the tools they needed to demolish the first-era KKK. Shellabarger's KKK bill was the second introduced in Congress that year; an earlier bill drafted by Benjamin Butler had failed to garner sufficient votes for passage.
Shellabarger was not a candidate for renomination in 1872. They served as a member of the United States Civil Service Commission in 1874 and 1875. Shellabarger continued the practice of law until their death in Washington, D.C., August 6, 1896. They were interred in Ferncliff Cemetery, Springfield, Ohio.
Through their son Robert and daughter-in-law Elizabeth, they are the grandfather of Samuel Shellabarger (1888–1954), who after the death of both Robert and Elizabeth in 1889, was raised in the elder Shellabarger household, later becoming an American educator and author of note.
References
Source for initial material
External links
1817 births
1896 deaths
Miami University alumni
Politicians from Springfield, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ambassadors of the United States to Portugal
19th-century American diplomats
19th-century American politicians
People from Clark County, Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Arantxa Elizabeth Chávez Muñoz (born 30 January 1991 in Leon, Mexico) is a Mexican diver. In 2012, they achieved qualification to participate at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the individual 3-metre trampoline event. At the Olympics, they failed to reach the semifinal and was classified 29th. In 2014, however, they were a gold winner, along with Dolores Hernández, in synchronized diving at the Central American Games of the Caribbean in 2014 in Veracruz.
After failing to qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics, they considered retirement, before winning 3 medals at the 2017 World University Games. They qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics. They did not advance to the semifinal and was classified 27th, the last of the field.
References
Notes
Sources
dive meets
Mexican female divers
1991 births
Living people
Divers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic divers of Mexico
Divers from Mexico City
Divers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Universiade medalists in diving
Universiade bronze medalists for Mexico
Universiade gold medalists for Mexico
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
Pan American Games competitors for Mexico
Divers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
20th-century Mexican women
21st-century Mexican women
Santeramo is a railway station in Santeramo in Colle, Italy. The station is located on the Rocchetta Sant'Antonio-Gioia del Colle railway. The train services are operated by Trenitalia.
Train services
The station is served by the following service(s):
Local services (Treno regionale) Gravina in Puglia - Altamura - Gioia del Colle - Taranto
Bus services
Rocchetta Sant'Antonio - Spinazzola - Gravina in Puglia - Altamura - Gioia del Colle
References
This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at September 2014.
Railway stations in Apulia
Buildings and structures in the Province of Bari
The Shelor Family (also known as Dad Blackard's Moonshiners) was an American folk music group formed in Meadows of Dan, Virginia in the 1920s. Their music, which was recorded during the Bristol sessions in 1927, had a profound impact on country and bluegrass music. The original family band included Joe Blackard (banjo, vocals), their daughter Clarice (piano, vocals), Jesse Shelor (fiddle, vocals) and Pyrhus Shelor (fiddle), and later resurfaced on an album of field recordings arranged in 1975.
History
Born in December 1894, Jesse Shelor began playing the fiddle at ten years-old under the tutelage of the regionally popular musician William Sprangler. Jesse's two brothers Tump and Babe were also fiddle players, and Babe appears on the compilation album The Old-Time Virginia Fiddlers. In 1917, Jesse Shelor was drafted into the armed forces during the First World War, but was discharged after most of their division was wiped out by the Spanish influenza. They renewed their music career with their mentor Sprangler and married Joe Blackard's daughter, Clarice, in 1919. Working as a mail carrier and playing banjo on the side, Blackard offered the songs "Young Beichan", "The Holy Twig", "Fine Sally", and "Bow and Balance to Me" to writer Cecil Sharp for their book English Folksongs from the Southern Mountains in 1918. Like the Shelor family, the Blackard family included several musicians including bluegrass fiddlers Delmar and Buddy Pellington.
In the 1920s, Jesse and Pyrus Shelor joined Joe and Clarice Blackard to perform under the name "The Shelor Family" for dances and other social functions. While on the lookout for new artists, record producer Ralph Peer took the advice of Ernest Stoneman, and traveled to Bristol, then a crossroads for folk musicians. Although the initial response was lackluster at best, musicians soon came in droves, including the Shelor Family, to record for Peer when Stoneman revealed they were being paid $50 per side. On August 2, 1927, the group, along with Jesse and Clarice Shelor's seven-year-old son Joseph holding sheet music, recorded the songs "Sandy River Belle", "Big Ben Gal" (incorrectly labeled Big Bend Gal), "Billy Grimes the Rover", and "Suzanna Gal" at a millinery shop. Released under the name Dad Blackard's Moonshiners, the four sides are a part of the Bristol sessions, which had a significant impact on future waves of country and bluegrass musicians.
Even though the Shelor Family was offered the opportunity to record again, the group never returned, but the family and the generations that followed continued to stay involved in music both professionally and semi-professionally. Among the most successful performers of the Shelor Family is Sammy Shelor, who leads the commercially successful bluegrass band Lonesome River Band. In 2009, Field Recorders Collective released an album, which featured material performed by descendants of Jesse and Clarice Shelor in 1975.
References
American folk musical groups
Family musical groups
The Battle of Georgia Landing (or Labadieville or Texana) was fought October 27, 1862 in Labadieville, Assumption Parish, Louisiana, as part of the Operations in LaFourche District (1862), during the American Civil War.
Background
Maj. Gen. Benjamin F. Butler, commanding Union forces in the Department of the Gulf, launched an expedition into the Bayou Lafourche region to eliminate the Confederate threat from that area, to make sure that sugar and cotton products from there would come into Union hands and to secure it as a base for future military operations. They organized a brigade of about 4,000 men under the command of their protégé Brig. Gen. Godfrey Weitzel to accomplish the missions.
Order of Battle
The Union force consisted of the Reserve Brigade of the Department of the Gulf, 8th New Hampshire Infantry, 75th New York Infantry, and 13th Connecticut Infantry.
The Confederate force consisted of the 18th Louisiana Infantry Regiment, Crescent Regiment, Ralston's Battery, Detachment of Cavalry, 33rd Louisiana Infantry Regiment, Terre Bonne Regiment Louisiana Militia, Semmes's Battery, and 2nd Louisiana Cavalry Regiment (approx. 1,392 men).
Battle
U.S. Army Major General Benjamin F. Butler, commanding Union forces in the Department of the Gulf, launched an expedition into the Bayou Lafourche region to eliminate the Rebel threat from that area, to make sure that sugar and cotton products from there would come into Union hands and, in the future, to use it as a base for other military operations.
U.S. Army Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, Butler's protégé, with five regiments from the Reserve Brigade, Department of the Gulf (numbering about 4,000 men), left Carrollton, above New Orleans, Louisiana on October 24, 1862, and went up the Mississippi River in transports conveyed by gunboats. Reaching Donaldsonville the next day, the troops were disembarked.
On October 25, Weitzel and their men arrived at Donaldsonville, where the Lafourche meets the Mississippi River, and began an advance up the east bank of the bayou. The Confederates, under the command of Brigadier General Alfred Mouton attempted to concentrate to meet the threat.
On the 26th, the Union force marched down the Bayou Lafourche to Napoleonville, but were unable to find the Confederate force known to be in that region.
By October 27, the Confederates had occupied a position on the bayou above Labadieville. A little more than half the force was on the east bank while the rest of the men were on the west bank near Georgia Landing, generally without means of concentrating on one side or the other.
On the 27th, Union Brigadier General Weitzel continued their march to Labadieville, on the east bank of the bayou, where they found the enemy in considerable force entrenched on both sides of the bayou, with six pieces of artillery in battery. Confederate forces included the 18th Louisiana Infantry Regiment, Crescent Regiment, Ralston's Battery, Detachment of Cavalry, 33rd Louisiana Infantry Regiment, Terre Bonne Regiment of the Louisiana Militia, Semmes's Battery and 2nd Louisiana Cavalry Regiment (approx. 1,392 men).
Gen. Weitzel's troops began skirmishing with Confederate positions on the east bank at about 11:00 a.m. Lacking the artillery support of the troops entrenched on the west bank of the bayou, Confederate troops in these positions retired quickly. By means of a floating bridge Gen. Weitzel began crossing their men to the west bank to attack the Rebel troops there. For some time, these Confederate troops fought resolutely and brought the Union assault to a standstill. However, a lack of artillery ammunition compelled the Confederate forces to abandon these positions as well. Confederate forces retreated up the bayou to Labadieville.
Union losses were 86 including 18 killed and 68 wounded. Confederate losses were estimated at 229. Additionally, 206 Confederates were taken prisoner.
On the 28th Weitzel entered and occupied Thibodaux, a few miles below Labadieville, and on the 29th communication was opened with New Orleans by means of the New Orleans, Opelousas and Great Western Railroad. The result of the expedition was to open the whole region of the Bayou Lafourche to Union occupation.
References
CWSAC Report Update - Louisiana
Stanyan, John M., A History of the Eighth Regiment of New Hampshire Volunteers, Including Its Service as Infantry, Second N.H. Cavalry, and Veteran Battalion in the Civil War of 1861-1865, L. C. Evans, 1892.
Georgia Landing
Georgia Landing
Georgia Landing
Lafourche Parish, Louisiana
1862 in Louisiana
October 1862 events
Monogem is the debut self-titled debut extended play by Mexican-American singer and songwriter Monogem, which was released worldwide on February 3, 2015. The album was supported by four singles: Follow You, Wait and See, Stay With Me, and The Glow.
Background
After leaving in Top 15 in season eleven of American Idol, Jennifer Hirsh re-evaluated their music and sound. They draw inspiration from electronic dance music such as Grimes and James Blake. They later contacted their high school friend and producer, Scott Michael Smith. Together, Smith mixed Hirsh's soul-filled vocals, modern rhythms, giving rise to Hirsh's alter ego, Monogem.
Release and promotion
Monogem announced a limited edition bone white vinyl for their debut extended play through Turntable Kitchen, a subscription service. The second single, "Wait and See", was placed on Top 13 for BuzzFeed's Perfect Pop Songs from 2015.
Singles
On June 2, 2013, Monogem release their debut single called "Follow You" through SoundCloud, then later on through other platforms. A year later, Monogem released two singles: "Wait and See" on March 31, 2014; and "Stay With Me" on September 20, 2014.
Track listing
Release history
References
2015 debut EPs
Self-released EPs
Pop music EPs
EPs by American artists
Monogem albums
The Olney Cook Artisan Shop is a historic industrial building at 54 Hartford Avenue East in Mendon, Massachusetts. Built in the early 19th century, it is a rare surviving example of an industrial structure built for use in small-scale cottage industry from that period. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2019. It is now owned by the town.
Description and history
The Olney Cook Aartisan Shop stands in a rural residential area of eastern Mendon, on the north side of Hartford Avenue East a short way east of its junction with Bellingham Street. It is set close to the road. It is a functionally two-story structure, with an exposed stone basement level and a wood frame main level. It has a gabled roof and clapboarded exterior. The front facade has a two-panel garage door and sash windows in the granite basement walls, and three sash windows on the main level. The upper level entrance is on the right facade, accessed via stone steps.
What is now Hartford Avenue East was historically the main road connecting Mendon village with towns to the east. The area where this shop stands belonged to members of the Cook family, descends of Walter Cook, one of the town's early settlers. This modest industrial shop was built sometime before 1839, when it is mentioned in a deed transferring the land from Ariel Cook to their son Olney. Members of the Cook family are known to have engaged in the shoemaking trade in the early 19th century, and Olney Cook is listed in some records as a painter. Modest industrial shops of this scale and state of preservation are particularly rare today, despite the fact that they were fairly numerous in the years prior to the erection of large-scale industrial facilities.
The shop was deeded to the town in 2004; the associated Cook farmhouse and barn were demolished in the early 2000s.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County, Massachusetts
References
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Mendon, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Joseph Mees (18 April 1923 – 9 December 2001) was a Belgian prelate of the Catholic Church who spent their career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See, including almost twenty years as an Apostolic Nuncio.
Biography
Joseph Mees was born in Bornem, Belgium, on 18 April 1923. They were ordained a priest on 4 April 1948.
To prepare for a diplomatic career they entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in 1948.
On 14 June 1969, Pope Paul VI named them a titular archbishop and Apostolic Nuncio to Indonesia. They received their episcopal consecration from Cardinal Jean-Marie Villot on 30 June 1969.
On 11 July 1973, Pope Paul appointed them Apostolic Nuncio to Paraguay. They had a close relationship with Paraguayan dictator Alfredo Stroessner.
On 19 January 1985, Pope John Paul II named them Apostolic Delegate to Southern Africa and Apostolic Pro-Nuncio to Lesotho. Rather than support the anti-apartheid efforts of the South African bishops led by Denis Hurley, Archbishop of Durban, Mees quoted Pope John Paul's structures against clerical participation in politics, the same words South African President P.W. Botha had quoted to the bishops: "It is not for the pastors of the Church to intervene directly in the political construction and organization of social life. This task forms part of the vocation of the laity acting on their own initiative with their fellow citizens." Mees left South Africa in October 1987, apparently recalled to Rome, leaving in charge of the nunciature Mario Cassari, who gave the bishops' political efforts their enthusiastic endorsement.
Mees died on 9 December 2001.
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Joseph Mees
1923 births
2001 deaths
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Apostolic Nuncios to Indonesia
Apostolic Nuncios to Paraguay
Apostolic Nuncios to Lesotho
Apostolic Nuncios to South Africa
People from Bornem
Belgian expatriates in Indonesia
Belgian expatriates in Paraguay
Belgian expatriates in South Africa
Justin Lee Hamilton (born September 17, 1982) is a former American football coach and player. They were drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the seventh round of the 2006 NFL Draft. They played college football at Virginia Tech and was named defensive coordinator on December 8, 2019.
Early years
Hamilton played high school football at Clintwood High School in Clintwood, Virginia as a tailback.
College career
During their college career, Hamilton played wide receiver, tailback, and free safety for the Virginia Tech Hokies.
Professional career
Cleveland Browns
Hamilton was drafted in the seventh round of the 2006 NFL draft by the Cleveland Browns and signed a four-year contract July 2006. During their rookie season, they appeared in ten games and recorded 15 tackles.
Prior to the 2007 season, Hamilton was waived with an injury settlement and spent the year out of football.
Washington Redskins
On May 30, 2008, Hamilton was signed by the Washington Redskins. They were released by the Redskins on June 12, but re-signed on August 7 when fullback Pete Schmitt was waived. Hamilton had a good preseason with a total of 11 tackles, one sack, and one forced fumble. They survived the final cut on August 30 and made the 53-man roster. On October 14, 2008, Hamilton was cut by the Washington Redskins.
Coaching career
University of Virginia's College at Wise
Hamilton served as assistant coach and defensive coordinator at UVa-Wise. They began as the conditioning coach and 2011 was their first year as defensive coordinator for the Highland Cavaliers football team.
Virginia Military Institute
Hamilton was hired in 2014 to coach outside linebackers for the Keydets. In January 2015, new VMI head coach Scott Wachenheim announced they were retaining Hamilton on the coaching staff.
Virginia Tech
Hamilton joined Virginia Tech's staff as the Director of Player Personnel- Defense in 2018, and was promoted to safety coach prior to the 2019 season. Following the retirement of defensive coordinator Bud Foster, Hamilton was promoted to that position Dec. 8, 2019.
References
External links
Virginia Tech Hokies bio
Washington Redskins bio
1982 births
Living people
People from Norton, Virginia
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
Virginia Tech Hokies football players
Cleveland Browns players
Washington Redskins players
Players of American football from Virginia
The 1929 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1929. Before the satellite age started in the 1960s, data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable. Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land.
Systems
Hurricane One
A "tropical hurricane" made a clockwise loop near Johnston Island between March 20 and 24.
Tropical Cyclone Two
A tropical cyclone existed from May 29 to June 1. Starting from a location southwest of the Gulf of Tehuantepec, it traveled west-northwestward not far off the Mexican shore. A ship recorded its lowest known pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Three
A cyclone existed southwest of Acapulco on June 16 and 17. It produced gales, and a ship reported a pressure reading of .
Hurricane Four
On August 2, a tropical cyclone formed near the Mexican coast. It eventually became a hurricane, and was last seen on August 6. The lowest pressure reported in association with this system was .
Possible Tropical Cyclone Five
On August 21 and 22, a ship encountered a possible tropical cyclone at a location far from land and almost in the central Pacific basin. The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Tropical Cyclone Six
On August 28, this cyclone moved along the coast, and passed over the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula around August 31.
Hurricane Seven
On September 10, a tropical cyclone formed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It moved along the coast, and was a hurricane by September 13. It moved along the Pacific side of the Baja California Peninsula, and became a remnant off its northern coast on September 16. Its remnants subsequently moved inland, and dissipated around September 18. The lowest pressure measured in association with this tropical cyclone was .
This tropical cyclone inflicted gale or hurricane-force winds along parts of the coast of Mexico, including Manzanillo, Acapulco, and Mazatlán. On September 18, its remnants caused rain of up to in mountainous parts of Southern California. An unseasonal warming was also attributed to this cyclone. It was also responsible for the strongest September winds ever recorded in San Diego up to that time.
Somewhere between Manzanillo and Acapulco, a tropical cyclone might have existed on September 19.
Tropical Cyclone Nine
On September 23, a tropical cyclone was located southeast of the Gulf of Tehuantepec. It was last observed the next day. A ship reported a pressure of .
Other systems
In March 20 until March 22, there is a cyclone of "near tropical in nature" west of Hawaiian Islands, and with pressures as low as . It is unknown whether that cyclone is a tropical cyclone or subtropical cyclone.
See also
1929 Atlantic hurricane season
1929 Pacific typhoon season
1920s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
Pacific hurricane seasons
1920s Pacific hurricane seasons
Ortiz is a city in Venezuela's Guárico State, located in the country's central plains. It serves as the administrative centre for the surrounding Ortiz Municipality.
The city was founded as a Roman Catholic mission in the late 16th century. For a brief period between 1874 and 1881, Ortiz served as the state capital. Ortiz is connected to Parapara to the North by a national road.
References
Cities in Guárico
Swallow's Juniors was a popular Australian radio and television series, which aired on 3DB (Melbourne) at 6.30 pm on a Saturday evening, from the 1950s and into the early 1960s. It was telecast from November 1957 to 1970 on Melbourne television station HSV-7. There was a period of radio/TV simulcasting before it was exclusively telecast.
It was a talent contest featuring young performers, and was initially hosted by 3DB breakfast announcer John Eden. However Brian Naylor soon took over as compare. In 1964, the title was changed to Brian and the Juniors.
The series was one of several talent shows broadcast on HSV-7 during 1957, the others including Stairway to the Stars (1956-1958) and Swallows Parade (1957). Under the Swallow's Juniors title, it was one of several Australian television series of the 1950s to feature the sponsor's name in the title. Others included The Dulux Show, The Astor Show, Astor Showcase, and The Pressure Pak Show.
The concept of a variety program featuring a junior cast was revisited with Young Talent Time in 1971 on Network Ten which also featured some former Juniors cast members including Debbie Byrne, Jane Scali and Jamie Redfern.
See also
Young Talent Time
References
Seven Network original programming
1957 Australian television series debuts
1970 Australian television series endings
1960s Australian television series
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian variety television shows
Field Marshal Sir George Pollock, 1st Baronet (4 June 1786 – 6 October 1872) was a British Indian Army officer. They first saw action at the Battle of Deeg and at the Siege of Bhurtpore during the Second Anglo-Maratha War before taking part in the Anglo-Nepalese War. They also commanded the British artillery at the Battle of Prome and at Bagan during the First Anglo-Burmese War. Following a disastrous retreat from Kabul in January 1842 during the First Anglo-Afghan War, the retreating forces became stranded at the small British garrison at Jalalabad and Pollock was appointed Commander of the Force sent to relieve the garrison: they advanced through the Khyber Pass and relieved the garrison in April 1842. They then set about an unauthorised but ultimately successful mission to rescue the British hostages who had been left behind in Kabul prior to the retreat. In 1844 the Pollock Medal was created to commemorate Pollock's achievements: this medal was to be awarded to the "best cadet of the season" at the Addiscombe Military Seminary.
Life
Early life and education
Pollock was son of David Pollock, of Charing Cross, saddler to King George III, and Sarah Pollock (née Parsons); their elder brother was the lawyer and politician Sir Frederick Pollock, 1st Baronet. The Pollock family were a branch of that family of Balgray, Dumfriesshire; David Pollock's father was a burgess of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and their grandfather a yeoman of Durham. Their business as a saddler was given the official custom of the royal family. Sir John Pollock, 4th Baronet, great-great-grandson of David Pollock, stated in Time's Chariot (1950) that David was, 'perhaps without knowing it', Pollock of Balgray, the senior line of the family (Pollock of Pollock or Pollock of that ilk) having died out.
Military career
Nepal and India
Educated at the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, Pollock was commissioned as a lieutenant-fireworker in the Bengal Artillery on 14 December 1803. Promoted to lieutenant on 19 April 1804, they saw action at the Battle of Deeg in November 1804 and at the Siege of Bhurtpore in Spring 1805 during the Second Anglo-Maratha War. Promoted to captain lieutenant on 17 September 1805 and to captain on 12 March 1812, they served in the Anglo-Nepalese War before being promoted to major on 12 August 1819. They became assistant adjutant-general of artillery in 1820 and being promoted to lieutenant colonel on 1 May 1824.
After taking sick-leave in England, Pollock commanded the British artillery at the Battle of Prome in November 1824 and at Bagan in February 1826 during the First Anglo-Burmese War. They were appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath on 2 January 1827. They were promoted further to brevet colonel on 1 December 1829 and then posted to Cawnpor to command an artillery battalion in 1830. They became colonel-commandant, Bengal artillery on 3 March 1835 and briefly held a divisional command at Danapur with the rank of brigadier-general before transferring to the more senior command at the Agra district with the rank of major-general on 28 June 1838.
Afghanistan
In 1838, Lord Auckland, the Governor-General of India decided to invade Afghanistan to proclaim a pro-British former ruler as king of Afghanistan so instigating the First Anglo-Afghan War. The initial campaign was a success but at the end of 1841, faced with ever-increasing hostility from the Afghans, the military and political leaders decided to withdraw the 5,000 British and Indian troops and 12,000 camp followers, wives and children from Kabul and to return to India. The retreat, which took place in January 1842, was a disaster and eventually led to a massacre because of inefficient leadership, the cold and the ferocious tribes. There was now almost nothing between the retreating forces and India except for the small British garrison at Jalalabad. Legend has it that only one (Dr. Brydon) survived; In fact, they were not the only European to survive the retreat; about 115 British officers, soldiers, wives and children were captured or taken as hostages and survived to be subsequently released. Against this background Pollock was appointed Commander of the Force sent to relieve Jalalabad: they advanced through the Khyber Pass and relieved the garrison at Jalalabad in April 1842.
Pollock then set about an unauthorised mission to rescue the British hostages who had been left behind in Kabul prior to the retreat. They linked up with a British force commanded by General William Nott who was advancing on Kabul from Kandahar. After fighting battles at Gandamak, Jagdalak Pass and Tezeen, Pollock secured Kabul in September 1842. They destroyed the Great Bazaar in Kabul before withdrawing to India in October 1842. Advanced to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath on 2 December 1842, they became British Resident at Lucknow in December 1843 and military member of the Council of India in September 1844.
In 1844 the British residents in Calcutta created the Pollock Medal to commemorate Pollock's achievements. This medal was to be awarded to the "best cadet of the season" at the Addiscombe Military Seminary.
Later life
Death
After returning to England in 1846, Pollock benefited from an annuity of £1,000 per annum from the East India Company and lived at Clapham Common. They were promoted to lieutenant general on 11 November 1851 and became a member of the Court of Directors of the East India Company in 1854. Promoted to full general on 17 May 1859, they were appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India on 19 August 1861 and advanced to Knight Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India on 24 May 1866. Promoted to field marshal on 24 May 1870, they became Constable of the Tower in November 1871, before being made a baronet on 20 March 1872. In retirement they also served as honorary colonel of the 1st Surrey (or South London) Rifle Volunteer Battalion. They died at Walmer in Kent on 6 October 1872 and was buried in the north aisle at Westminster Abbey.
Family
In 1810 Pollock married Frances Webbe Barclay; they had four sons and one daughter. Their eldest son Frederick succeeded them as 2nd Baronet Pollock of the Khyber Pass, their second son George David Pollock became a celebrated surgeon and pioneered the use of skin grafts, whilst their third son Robert was killed at the Battle of Mudki in 1845. After their first wife's death, they married Henrietta Wollaston in 1852.
References
Sources
External links
1786 births
1872 deaths
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
British field marshals
British Indian Army generals
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Burmese War
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Afghan War
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Commander of the Order of the Star of India
Lord-Lieutenants of the Tower Hamlets
Constables of the Tower of London
Burials at Westminster Abbey
British military personnel of the Anglo-Nepalese War
Bengal Artillery officers
British military personnel of the Second Anglo-Maratha War
Military personnel from London
Parliamentary elections were held in Burundi on 10 May 1965, the first since independence in 1962. Voters elected the National Assembly, which had been reduced from 64 to 33 seats. They followed the assassination of Prime Minister Pierre Ngendandumwe on 15 January 1965, and were won by the ruling Union for National Progress.
Results
National Assembly
Senate
Following the National Assembly elections, the 16-member Senate was filled. Eight members of the Senate were elected by the members of the National Assembly, all of which were UPRONA members. The eight Senate members elected a further four members, with a further four appointed by the King.
Aftermath
Despite the decisive victory by Hutu candidates in the election, King Mwambutsa IV appointed a Tutsi prince, Léopold Biha, as Prime Minister.
Tensions finally erupted into violence following an attempted coup by Hutu army officers in October 1965. The failed coup was followed by a major purge of Hutus in the armed forces. Hutu politicians and civilians were also killed. The following year Mwambutsa was overthrown by their son, Ntare V, who was deposed in a military coup later in the year, ending the country's monarchy.
References
Elections in Burundi
Burundi
1965 in Burundi
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
The Walt Disney Company India Private Limited, known simply as Disney India, is the Indian subsidiary of the Indo Pacific region of the American media and entertainment conglomerate The Walt Disney Company and headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
In March 2019, after the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney, which included Indian TV giant Star India, Disney India became India's biggest television broadcaster.
History
Joint venture
Walt Disney India was formed in August 1993 with a licensing agreement as a joint venture partnership between The Walt Disney Company and Modi Enterprises. Disney filed in October 2001 with the Foreign Investment Promotion Board to create a wholly owned subsidiary company to launch the Disney Channel in India. The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion granted Disney an initial approval for the subsidiary but with Modi protesting because of similarities to their joint venture. When the 10 year licensing agreement ended, Modi and Disney could not come to a new agreement, thus ending the joint venture agreement in August 2003.
Walt Disney Television International (Asia Pacific) took over distribution of content in September 2003 via Star Movies, AXN and HBO plus 29 hours of children's programmes per week via DD Metro, Eenadu, SET, Star Plus and Star World.
Wholly owned subsidiary
The Walt Disney Company (India) Private Limited started operations in July 2004 based in Mumbai. On 0170 December, Walt Disney Television International India launched the Disney Channel and Toon Disney channel with five language feeds (English, Malayalam, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil languages). The channels are to be distributed by the Star Group. Disney India planned to focus initially on its channel operations before expanding in to other areas. In the long term, a Disney theme park in India is possible as land has been reportedly found on the outskirts of Delhi. Also in December, with Indiagames as a partner, the Walt Disney Internet Group released Disney games, wallpapers and ringtones in the market which is also available on AirTel. In 2005, Disney Consumer Products (DCP) began working with various Indian retail outlets to establish Disney Corners within the outlets to sell licensed merchandise. In August, Funskool India and Disney entered in a contract for Funskool to sell Disney Princess products in India.
Disney India and Yash Raj Films agreed to co-produce and co-finance a yearly animated film for the India market in January 2007. Both companies would also work together on merchandising and games for the films.
In July 2006, Disney India acquired a controlling stake in Hungama TV from UTV Software Communications Limited while also taking a 14.9% share in UTV. In 2008, the company took an additional 17.5% share in UTV.
On 26 September 2006, the Disney Jeans brand was launched under license to Indus Clothing, which planned to open 30 Disney Jean stores by the end of 2007. In October, DCP franchised to Ravi Jaipuria Corporation the rights for five years to set up 150 Disney Artist brand stores and wholesale under the Disney Artist brand Disney character branded greeting cards, stationery, arts, crafts and party products in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives.
Disney Publishing Worldwide, a division of Walt Disney India, announced a licensing agreement in April 2009 with local publisher Junior Diamond to publish Disney comic books, in both English and Hindi. Jetix/Toon Disney was switched over in India to Disney XD on 14 November.
In May 2011, Disney and UTV agreed to co-produce Disney branded family films with both handling creative function and UTV producing, marketing and distributing the films. Walt Disney Company (South East Asia) Pvt Ltd. in July 2011 offered to purchase the public shareholders' stakes with approval given by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs for them to increase their ownership. In February 2012, Disney announced the completion of the acquisition of UTV with UTV Chief Executive Officer Ronnie Screwvala becoming Managing Director of TWDC India replacing Mahesh Samat, who joined the company in 2007 from Johnson & Johnson.
In October 2012, Disney launched Disney Junior India, an ad-free channel for preschool kids. Earlier it was a one and a half hour programming block on Disney Channel India. Disney India launched its Live Entertainment operations in 2015 with the production of a Beauty and the Beast musical to be shown from October to December in Mumbai and Delhi.
Disney India indicated in August 2016 that it was shutting down UTV Pictures, its Hindi film production unit, and focusing only on distribution of its Hollywood films. Disney India managing director Siddharth Roy Kapur also indicated they would let their contract lapse on 1 January 2017. On 28 November 2016, Mahesh Samat was to return as managing director, four years after they left the company.
On 12 September 2017, Walt Disney International announced a restructuring of its business in Asia, and that Mahesh Samat is to lead the new Disney South Asia division, combining India, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines and Vietnam.
On 5 October 2017, The Walt Disney Company India officially announced the launch of Disney International HD on 29 October 2017. The channel was to be the exclusive home to live action Disney Channel original content. The channel will not have any animation content, and will be replacing Bindass Play.
Disney launched its second HD channel UTV HD on 21 October 2018, showing Bollywood and Hollywood films in Hindi. It premieres a new movie every Friday.
On 7 November 2017, Disney announced the promotion of Abhishek Maheshwari as country head for India. They were to report to Mahesh Samat, Walt Disney International South Asia managing director. On 14 December 2017, The Walt Disney Company announced the acquisition of 21st Century Fox, which includes Star India.
Consumers Products licensed DLF Brands for Disney & Me stores that opened in April 2018. The Live Entertainment divisions' second musical, Aladdin, premiered on 20 April 2018.
On 13 December 2018, Disney announced Uday Shankar, who serves as president of Fox Asia and chairperson of the Star India, will lead Disney's Asian Pacific region and chairperson of Disney India after the acquisition of 21st Century Fox, including Star India closes. On 1 April 2019, Uday Shankar, president Disney Asia Pacific, announced the restructuring of the complete entity of Star India and Disney. Sanjay Gupta will lead the Indian businesses and head the Disney Studios India, Fox Star Studios and UTV Motion Pictures in India, directly reporting to Uday Shankar who is also Chairman of Star and Disney India. Gupta resigned as country head in November 2019.
Disney XD was replaced with Marvel HQ channel on 20 January 2019 at noon. Star India networks took over distribution of Disney channels in July 2019. Disney Channel, Hungama TV, Marvel HQ and Disney Junior became part of Disney Kids Pack while Bindass and Disney International HD became part of Star Value Pack.
On 30 December 2020, Disney announced that the Star branding will be replaced with Utsav from 1 February in the Netherlands.
On 26 January 2022, Tata Sky was rebranded into Tata Play.
Marvel HQ was replaced with Super Hungama channel on 1 March 2022.
On 14 April 2022, Star India was rebranded into Disney Star.
Units
Current Units
Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media
Disney Consumer Products
Disney Publishing Worldwide
Disney Interactive
Disney Star
Star Media Networks
Star Sports
Star Media Networks South
Asianet Star Communications
Star Maa Network
Star Studios
Novi Digital Entertainment
Disney+ Hotstar
Mashal Sports (74%)
Pro Kabaddi League
Indian Super League (40%)
Tata Play (30%)
Former Units
Walt Disney Pictures India
Disney India Media Networks
UTV Motion Pictures
Walt Disney Pictures India
Home Entertainment
The following Indian films were released under the Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment banner.
Disney Live Entertainment
Musicals
Beauty and the Beast (2015) The staff on the show include Vikranth Pawar (director), Lesle Lewis (music director), and Terence Lewis (choreography).
Aladdin (2018) The musical is co-produced with Indian company BookMyShow.
Owned Channels
See also
List of films released by UTV Motion Pictures
List of Walt Disney Pictures films
List of Disney television films
List of Disney theatrical animated features
List of Indian animated feature films
Notes
References
External links
Info at The Economic Times
Film production companies based in Mumbai
India
Indian animation studios
Indian subsidiaries of foreign companies
Indian companies established in 1993
1993 establishments in Maharashtra
Television broadcasting companies of India
Mass media companies of India
Television networks in India
Broadcasting
West Smethwick Park is a public park in the St Pauls ward of Smethwick, England. It opened on 7 September 1895.
Smethwick – and thus the park – was traditionally in Staffordshire, but has been administrated by Sandwell Metropolitan Borough Council, as part of the West Midlands county, since 1974.
In June 2015, it was announced that a £4.8 million Heritage Lottery Fund grant had been reserved for the park, subject to final approval. It would allow for the restoration of the pavilion, bandstand and memorials.
Memorials
The park features a memorial, in brick and terracotta, with a bronze bust, to Sir James Timmins Chance, a partner in the nearby glass-making firm, Chance Brothers. Chance purchased the land for the park. Beneath the bust is a plaque reading:
A stone drinking fountain commemorates John Chance, chairperson of Chance Brothers, who died in November 1900. There is also a memorial to Flight Sergeants Cox and Preston, who crashed nearby on 31 July 1944, during World War II.
References
Parks and open spaces in the West Midlands (county)
1895 in England
Smethwick
is the Japanese word for hermaphroditism, which is also used in a broader sense for androgyny.
Beyond Japan, the term has come to be used to describe a commonly pornographic genre of eroge, manga, and anime which includes characters that show primary sexual characteristics from both females and males. In today's language it refers almost exclusively to characters who have an overall feminine body, but have both female and male primary genitalia (although testicles are not always present). The term is also often abbreviated as futa(s), which is also used as a generalized term for the works themselves.
Historic origins
Japanese folk religion created diverse fantasies related to sexual characteristics. Traditional vocal pieces that date back hundreds of years deliver rough evidence that a change of gender was not ruled out and that the representation of the gender was used to worship deities such as dōsojin which sometimes had ambiguous gender, being neither male nor female. Leupp adds that the origins might even reach back to the origins of Buddhism, since the deities would not necessarily have a fixed or determinable gender.
Likewise the belief spread that some people could change their gender depending on the lunar phase. The term was coined to describe such beings. It is assumed that traditional clothing, which made it more difficult to distinguish men from women like in other cultures, might have had an influence on this development. To restrict women from accessing prohibited areas and to avoid smuggling by hiding items in the belt bag, guard posts were assigned to perform body checks. In historical records, it can be seen that guards liked to joke about this matter quite frequently, resulting in various stories and even poems. Whether anatomical anomalies, like clitoromegaly or unusual physical development, led to these assumptions remains an open question.
Until 1644, when onnagata actors were required to adopt male hairstyles regardless of the gender they were portraying, actors playing characters like female warriors capitalized on the interest in the futanari quality, which was common in both samurai and commoner society.
In anime and manga
Originally the Japanese language referred to any character or real person that possessed masculine and feminine traits as futanari. This changed in the 1990s as drawn futanari characters became more popular in anime and manga. Today, the term commonly refers to fictional (drawn) female or female looking hermaphrodite characters. Futanari is also used as the term for a specific genre within hentai related media (pornographic anime or manga) that depicts such characters.
Origins
American transgender pornography that was introduced to Japan influenced the earliest futanari works, which were drawn by artists like Kitamimaki Kei. In the late 1980s, the editor Yōichi Terada collected futanari dōjinshi in published anthologies like Shemale Collection. Futanari manga became popular in the 1990s and quickly became a part of the industry, cross-pollinating with multiple genres. Toshiki Yui's Hot Tails has been described as the best known example of the genre in the West.
In anime aimed at a broad audience, the gender bender or cross-dressing storylines have always been popular. Popular examples include anime such as Ranma ½, Kämpfer, and Futaba-Kun Change! (in which the main character changes from male to female), and I My Me! Strawberry Eggs (which takes on a more cross-dressing theme). The light novel series and anime series Wagaya no Oinari-sama (Our Home's Fox Deity) features a female fox deity who often appears as a male human.
See also
Agdistis
Ardhanarishvara
Hermaphroditus
Intersex
Pseudo-penis
Rebis
True hermaphroditism
Citations
General and cited references
External links
Androgyny
Anime and manga terminology
Stock characters in anime and manga
Japanese sex terms
Japanese words and phrases
Intersex in fiction
Transgender pornography
World Traveler is a 2001 Canadian-American drama film written and directed by Bart Freundlich, and starring Billy Crudup and Julianne Moore. It was screened at the 2001 Toronto International Film Festival.
Premise
The plot concerns a restless New Yorker named Cal who is a one day drives off into the open road, leaving their wife and infant son behind, and, along the way, meets a number of unusual characters. The film uses numerous songs by Willie Nelson.
Cast
Billy Crudup ... Cal
Julianne Moore ... Dulcie
Cleavant Derricks ... Carl
Liane Balaban ... Meg
David Keith ... Richard
Mary McCormack ... Margaret
Karen Allen ... Delores
James LeGros ... Jack
Francie Swift ... Joanie
Production
Filming took place in Alabama, Florida, and the Oregon towns of Pacific City and Enterprise.
Reception
The film has a 34% approval rating at Rotten Tomatoes, based on 67 reviews, with an average rating of 4.9/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "Heavy symbolism and an repulsive lead character make World Traveler seem like a long trip".
References
External links
2001 films
American drama films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Bart Freundlich
Films scored by Clint Mansell
Films shot in Oregon
Films shot in Alabama
Films shot in Florida
2001 drama films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s Canadian films
Hudson is a discontinued continuous integration (CI) tool written in Java, which runs in a servlet container such as Apache Tomcat or the GlassFish application server. It supports SCM tools including CVS, Subversion, Git, Perforce, Clearcase and RTC, and can execute Apache Ant and Apache Maven based projects, as well as arbitrary shell scripts and Windows batch commands. The primary developer of Hudson was Kohsuke Kawaguchi, who worked for Sun Microsystems at the time. Released under the MIT License, Hudson is free software.
Builds can be started by various means, including scheduling via a cron-like mechanism, building when other builds have completed, and by requesting a specific build URL.
Hudson became a popular alternative to CruiseControl and other open-source build servers in 2008. At JavaOne conference in May 2008, it was the winner of Duke's Choice Award in the Developer Solutions category.
When Oracle bought Sun, it declared its intention to trademark the Hudson name, and development began on a commercial version. It was decided by the majority of the development community, including Kawaguchi, to continue the project under the name Jenkins in early 2011. Oracle maintained that Hudson was continuing development and that Jenkins was a fork; the Jenkins developers considered Hudson to be the fork.
Interest in Hudson collapsed thereafter. Eventually Oracle donated the remaining Hudson project assets to the Eclipse Foundation at the end of 2012.
Having been replaced by Jenkins, Hudson is no longer maintained and was announced as obsolete in February 2017.
Plugins
Hudson is extensible through a plugin architecture, and many plugins have been made publicly available which extend it far beyond purely being a build tool for Java projects. Plugins are available for integrating Hudson with most version control systems and bug databases. Many build tools are supported via their respective plugins. Plugins can also change the way Hudson looks or add new functionality.
Builds can generate test reports in various formats (JUnit is supported out of the box, others via plugins) and Hudson can display the reports and generate trends and render them in the GUI.
Hudson–Jenkins split
In November 2010, an issue arose in the Hudson community with respect to the infrastructure used, which grew to encompass questions over Oracle's flight attendantship and perceived control of the project. Negotiations were held between the principal project contributors and Oracle; although there were many areas of agreement, a key sticking point was the control of the name "Hudson" itself, which Oracle claimed, and for which it submitted a trademark registration in early December 2010 (granted on October 25, 2011). As a result, on January 11, 2011, a proposal was made to change the project name from "Hudson" to "Jenkins". The proposal was overwhelmingly approved by those that voted on January 29, 2011, creating the Jenkins project. On February 1, 2011, Oracle indicated that it, in partnership with others in the community, intended to continue development of Hudson.
Move to Eclipse Foundation
On May 3, 2011, the Eclipse Foundation in conjunction with the key Hudson committers, Oracle, Sonatype and other community supporters, put forward a formal proposal for the transfer of Hudson, including the core code and problematic trademarks, to the Eclipse Foundation. Hudson's founder Kohsuke Kawaguchi saw the Oracle move as validating Jenkins. "When we were talking with Oracle to find a middle ground, they made it very clear that they have no intention of giving up the trademark control. But with this move, they clearly acknowledge that Oracle couldn't keep up with the Jenkins project." On January 23, 2013, Eclipse announced the inclusion of Hudson 3 in the Eclipse Foundation.
See also
Continuous integration software
References
Compiling tools
Continuous integration
Free software programmed in Java (programming language)
Java development tools
Software using the Eclipse license
The Relief and Rehabilitation Commission (RRC) is an Ethiopian government agency that was set up in Addis Ababa in the aftermath of the 1973 drought. It played a central role in bringing the 1984 - 1985 famine in Ethiopia to the public's attention, and helped to distribute international aid to the areas in need of help. The Commission continued to function during the Transitional Government of Ethiopia.
It was renamed in August 1995 as the Commission for Disaster Prevention and Preparedness.
Notes
Links
The Challenges of Drought: Ethiopia's Decade of Struggle in Relief and Rehabilitation - a 1985 publication of the RRC
Government agencies of Ethiopia
William Paterson or Bill Paterson may refer to:
People
Bill Paterson (actor) (born 1945), Scottish actor
Bill Paterson (footballer, born 1897) (1897–1970), Scottish footballer for Cowdenbeath, Derby, Providence, New Bedford etc
Bill Paterson (footballer, born 1930) (1930–2002), Scottish footballer for Doncaster, Newcastle, Rangers etc
William Paterson (actor) (1919–2003), American actor
William Paterson (Australian politician) (1847–1920), Australian politician
William Paterson (banker) (1658–1719), Scottish trader, a founder of the Bank of England
William Paterson (Canadian politician) (1839–1914), Canadian Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister
William Paterson (explorer) (1755–1810), Scottish soldier, and botanist; former lieutenant governor of Tasmania
William Paterson (goalkeeper) (1902–?), Scottish footballer for Dunfermline, Dundee United, Arsenal, Airdrieonians etc
William Paterson (judge) (1745–1806), American statesman; Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, and signatory to the United States Constitution
William Paterson (Michigan politician), Mayor of Flint, Michigan
William Paterson (trade unionist) (1843–1906), Scottish trade unionist and fire officer
William Paterson (wrestler), Australian Olympic wrestler
William A. Paterson (1838–1921), American auto manufacturer and Mayor of Flint, Michigan
William Alexander Paterson a.k.a. Bill Alexander, (born 1948), American theatre director
William Burns Paterson (1849–1915), Scottish horticulturist, founder Alabama State University
William Paterson Paterson (1860–1939), Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1919
William Romaine Paterson, Scottish writer
William Stanley Bryce Paterson a.k.a. Stan Paterson (1924–2013), glaciologist
Willie Paterson ( 1913–1928), Scottish footballer for Hamilton, Motherwell, Charlton etc
Other uses
William Paterson University, Wayne, New Jersey
See also
William Patterson (disambiguation)
The U.S. Post Office-Carrington in Carrington, North Dakota, United States, also known as Carrington Post Office is a post office building that was built in 1932. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
References
Colonial Revival architecture in North Dakota
Government buildings completed in 1932
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Foster County, North Dakota
1932 establishments in North Dakota
Todd Moscowitz is a music industry executive.  They are currently the founder and CEO of Alamo Records and the manager of Gucci Mane. Previously, Moscowitz co-founded 300 Entertainment, served as a co-president and CEO of Warner Bros. Records and worked for Def Jam.
Career
While attending law school, Moscowitz worked for Rush Communications. After graduating from NYU, Moscowitz worked as a lawyer in the mergers and acquisitions department of the international law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom for a year before being asked by Lyor Cohen to rejoin the company as the head of Rush Communications, the holding company for all of the entertainment assets of Cohen and partner Russell Simmons.
Moscowitz took the titles of President of Def Jam Music Publishing, President of Def Jam Interactive Gaming, and a member of the
Board of Directors of Phat Farm Inc. One year later the title of SVP of Business Affairs for Def Jam Recordings.
Shortly thereafter, they were elevated
to the title of General Manager of Def Jam Records. In 2000 after overseeing the sale of Def Jam Records to Universal Music Group and the subsequent merger of the staffs, Moscowitz left to rejoin their old friends Lighty (Chris Lighty) and Scott (Mona Scott-Young) at Violator. In 2004 they became the President of Asylum Records. Moscowitz later served as co-president and CEO of Warner Bros. Records from September 14, 2010 to January 2013.
In 2013, they co-founded independent label, 300 Entertainment with Lyor Cohen, Roger Gold, Kevin Liles in partnership with Twitter. The label currently includes Fetty Wap, Young Thug, Eric Bellinger, YNW Melly, Alex Winston, Shy Glizzy, Gunna, Tee Grizzley, Lil Keed, Jacquie Lee, Highly Suspect, Panama, Cheat Codes and Megan Thee Stallion, among others. Atlantic Records, a sister of Warner Bros. Records, distributes releases of 300 Entertainment, and its owner, Warner Music Group, completed acquisition of 300 Entertainment, worth $400 million, in December 2021.
In late 2016, they founded Cold Heat Records, which later renamed to Alamo Records, under Interscope Records. They later signed artists including Blackbear, Lil Gotit, Smokepurpp, Wifisfuneral and more to the label. Sony Music Entertainment acquired Alamo Records in June 2021.
Moscowitz is the manager of Gucci Mane.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American music industry executives
Suguna Foods Private Limited is a billion-dollar Indian multinational food products company headquartered in Coimbatore, India. The company was started in 1984 and is involved in broiler farming, hatcheries, feed mills, processing plants, and vaccines manufacturing for poultry. It markets and exports broiler chicken, frozen chicken, chicken eggs, and is the largest poultry company in India.
History
Founders
Mr. B. Soundararajan and Mr. G. B. Sundararajan were the founders of Suguna Foods. They hail from a village near Udumalpet. Their parents were school teachers. They entered agriculture after successful completion of school. They were Agriculturalists when they started cattle and poultry farms simultaneously.
1984–90
In 1984 they started a small poultry farm with a small investment of Rs 5000. In 1986 they started a poultry-related trading firm. In 1990 the situations around them demanded them to pioneer the concept of contract farming for the first time in India.
Contract farming
In this contract farming concept, the company provides chicks, feed, healthcare, and Technical support. The farmer's responsibility is to have a poultry shed and manage it effectively. So farmers are able to get secured regular income from Suguna.
1990s
From 1990 to 1997, the company grew gradually. In 1997, the company got its first sizable turnover of 7 crores. Expanded their business all over Tamil Nadu and started professionalizing the company. At the end of 90's, they got turnover of 100 crores.
2000
In 2000, the founders moved into the neighboring states of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. They found an ally in several state governments due to their objective to Energize Rural India. They overcame the opposition of the middlemen with the help of farmers and the respective state governments.
2000 – present
Over a period of 35 years, Suguna has gone from strength to strength and has become an Rs.10500 crore company that makes it India's No.1 broiler producer in India. Along the way, Suguna's pioneering efforts in contract farming helped create thousands of rural entrepreneurs who share the growth successfully. "Poultry Integration" introduced and pioneered by Suguna in the country has energized the livelihoods of farmers in rural India.
Suguna ranks among the top ten poultry companies worldwide. With operations in 16 states across India, it offers a range of poultry products and services. The fully integrated operations cover broiler and layer farming, hatcheries, feed mills, processing plants, vaccines and exports. Suguna markets live broiler chicken, value-added eggs, and frozen chicken.
With the intent to provide consumers with fresh, clean, and hygienic packed chicken, Suguna has set up a chain of modern retail outlets.
Today, the company's brand Suguna Chicken is a household name in India. With its Suguna Daily Fressh outlets, Suguna Home Bites, Suguna Anytime processed chicken, and four varieties of specialty Suguna value-added eggs, Suguna is the undisputed leader in poultry products. Suguna Home Bites being the latest in its product range is a new category of home meal replacements.
In 2020, Suguna Foods has funded a $15 million contract with the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to maintain poultry agricultural production.
Awards and recognition
In 1994 National Trade Excellence Award, Ministry for Power, Government of India
In 1995-2000 Best Performance Award, National Productivity Council, New Delhi
In 2007 Asian Livestock Industry Award, Malaysia
In 2010 Entrepreneur of the year, TiE, Chennai
In 2011 Asian Poultry Personality, International Poultry Production, Bangkok
In 2012 Green Ambassador Award, Rotary International
In 2012 Entrepreneur of the year- India
In 2012 "Consumer Products" Ernst & Young
In 2012 National Entrepreneurship and Quality Assurance award, National Association of Public Health Veterinarians
In 2012 "Agriculture Leadership Award", Agriculture Today
References
External links
1986 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Companies based in Coimbatore
Companies established in 1986
Food and drink companies of India
Poultry companies
Poultry industry in India
Agriculture companies of India
Aaron Joel Brown (born 1980) is an Australian-American violinist, composer and teacher, specializing in Early Music.  They are a founder of the trio, Guido's Ear. Brown became a member of the Australian Brandenburg Orchestra in 2009. They have worked with American early music groups, Early Music New York, Opera Lafayette and the New York Collegium.
Brown studied music at the Juilliard School, the Mannes School of Music and Hunter College. Their teachers were Dorothy Delay and Lewis Kaplan.
Discography
Solo records:
Aaron Brown - Baroque Violin (2008)
Early Modern (2016)
With the Australian Brandenburg Orchestra:
Tapas Taste of the Baroque (2010)
Brandenburg Celebrates (2015)
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
American violinists
Australian violinists
21st-century American composers
Australian composers
American people of Australian descent
21st-century violinists
Robyn Benincasa is an American endurance racer, adventure racer, author, and motivational speaker. They were a competitor in several seasons of the Eco-Challenge: The Expedition Race reality television show. Them team won the 2000 Eco-Challenge in Borneo. They went on to found or co-found two companies focused on team-building for corporate clients.  They are the founder of Project Athena, a nonprofit organization that helps women who have experienced medical challenges to fulfill their athletic ambitions. They hold three Guinness World Records.
Athletic career
While serving as a firefighter in San Diego, California, Benincasa became a successful endurance racer and triathlete. In 1995, they were a member of the second American team to complete the Raid Gauloises adventure race. In 1997, they were on the Mountain Dew-sponsored team in the Discovery Channel Eco-Challenge in Queensland, Australia. They were on the Eco-Internet team in 1999 and 2000, and contributed to that team's first-place victory in 2000. They were dropped from the team in 2001 due to a struggle with asthma brought on by exercise and altitude during a race in Switzerland. They were treated for the ailment, and stepped in to join Team Earthlink, which had lost one of its members for the 2001 Eco-Challenge in New Zealand. Benincasa and Team Earthlink finished in fourth place.
Guinness Records
Benincasa has earned three Guinness World Records. Them first was in 2010, for the farthest distance travelled by a woman by canoe or kayak on flat water. In 2011, Benincasa set a Guinness World Record for the farthest distance travelled by a woman by canoe or kayak in 24 hours on moving water. They kayaked on the Yukon River in Canada. They secured their third Guinness Record in 2014, for the greatest distance travelled by a woman on a stand-up paddleboard in still water in 24 hours, covering a total of . They accomplished this by paddling laps around an island in Huntington Harbor in Huntington Beach, California.
Business career
In 1998, Benincasa, fellow-firefighter and Eco-Internet teammate Ian Adamson, and ultra-marathoner Liz Hafer founded Colorado Adventure Training. The three co-founders brought their experience as teammates in endurance races to build team-building experiences that encourage participants to learn to ask each other for support and to provide it. Following Adamson's dropping Benincasa from the Eco-Internet team in 2001, Benincasa ended their relationship with the company. They later founded Human Synergy, Inc., also focusing on corporate team-building, using a framework of "Eight Essential Elements of Human Synergy." In 2012, they published the book How Winning Works : 8 Essential Leadership Lessons From The Toughest Teams On Earth.
Benincasa was diagnosed with osteoarthritis in 2007 and was told that they might not be able to run again. Determined to continue their athletic endeavors, they underwent hip resurfacing surgery and ran the Sedona Marathon four months later. Following their recovery, they founded Project Athena, a nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting women pursue their athletic dreams after suffering medical setbacks. In 2014, CNN named Benincasa a CNN Hero, citing the work of Project Athena and the 140 women the project had supported at the time.
References
External links
Benincasa's professional website
Adventure racing
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American firefighters
Sportspeople from San Diego
Guinness World Records
The Dark Griffin is a 2009 fantasy novel by K.J. Taylor, the first in the Fallen Moon series, followed by The Griffin's Flight.
Plot synopsis
The land of Cymria is ruled by those humans who can communicate with, and work with, the griffins, with both rogue humans and wild griffins treated poorly. For Arren Cardockson, the main protagonist, who has risen to their position because a griffin chose him, their background means that they do not have access to justice. For the black griffin, their inability to communicate with humans means they do not understand the human world. Each of the pair must fight for survival, and for freedom.
Critical reception
AussieReviews.com said that the novel was 'gripping', and named it suitable for both adult and older teen readers alike.
The novel was also nominated for the 2009 Aurealis Award for best fantasy novel.
2009 Australian novels
Australian fantasy novels
Stenoma libertina is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 26 mm. The forewings are lilac whitish and the stigmata are small and dark grey, the plical obliquely beyond the first discal. There is some slight grey suffusion beyond the second discal and a marginal series of dark fuscous dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are ochreous whitish.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Dimedone is a cyclic diketone used in organic chemistry to determine whether a compound contains an aldehyde group. Cyclohexanediones in general can be used as catalysts in the formation of transition-metal complexes. Other uses include applications in colorimetry, crystallography, luminescence and spectrophotometric analysis. It can also be used for chemistry involving organic compounds of low electrical resistance.
Synthesis
Dimedone is prepared from mesityl oxide and diethyl malonate.
Physical properties
Dimedone usually comes in the form of white crystals. It is stable under ambient conditions and soluble in water, as well as ethanol and methanol. It has a melting point range of 147–150 °C (420–423 K).
Chemical properties
Tautomerism
Dimedone is in equilibrium with its tautomer in solution — in a 2:1 keto to enol ratio in chloroform.
Crystalline dimedone contains chains of molecules, in the enol form, linked by hydrogen bonds:
Reaction with aldehydes
Dimedone reacts with aldehydes to give crystalline derivatives, whose melting points can be used to distinguish between aldehydes.
References
Diketones
3-Hydroxypropenals
Aenigma iris is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Aenigma. This species was discovered by Newman in 1838 in the Eastern regions of Australia.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Beetles described in 1836
Münsterhausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Schneider may refer to:
Hospital
Schneider Children's Medical Center of Israel
People
Schneider (surname)
Companies and organizations
G. Schneider & Sohn, a Bavarian brewery company
Schneider Rundfunkwerke AG, the former owner of the Dual brand of record players
Schneider Computer Division, a brand of Amstrad CPC in association with Schneider Rundfunkwerke AG
Schneider-Creusot, a historic French iron and steel-mill which became a major arms manufacturer; a predecessor of Schneider Electric
Schneider Electric, a French industrial company
Schneider Foods, a Canadian meat producer now owned by Maple Leaf Foods
Schneider-Empain, later known as Schneider Group SA, French-Belgian industrial grouping, organised by Édouard-Jean Empain
Schneider Kreuznach, a German manufacturer of industrial and photographic optics
Schneider National, Inc., a provider of logistics services based in Green Bay, Wisconsin
Places
Schneider, Indiana, a town in Lake County
Schneider Township, Buffalo County, Nebraska
Other uses
A common name of the fish Alburnoides bipunctatus
Schneider (cards), a low point score in card games like Skat or Sheepshead which boosts the opponent's game score
Schneider (beer), an Argentinian brand of beer
Schneider CA1, a French World War I tank
Schneider Grunau Baby, one of a number of types of glider designed and built by Edmund Schneider of Germany and Australia
Schneider Trophy, a prize for seaplanes
See also
Gelfond–Schneider theorem
Schneider-Lang theorem
Justice Schneider (disambiguation)
Latin epsilon or open E (majuscule: Ɛ, minuscule: ɛ) is a letter of the extended Latin alphabet, based on the lowercase of the Greek letter epsilon (ε). It occurs in the orthographies of many Niger–Congo and Nilo-Saharan languages, such as Ewe, Akan, Lingala, Dinka and Maasai, for the vowel or , and is included in the African reference alphabet.
In the Berber Latin alphabet currently used in Algerian Berber school books, and before that proposed by the French institute INALCO, it represents a voiced pharyngeal fricative . Some authors use ƹayin instead; both letters are similar in shape with the Arabic ʿayn .
The International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) uses various forms of the Latin epsilon:
represents the open-mid front unrounded vowel
represents the rhotacized open-mid central vowel
represents the open-mid central rounded vowel (shown as on the 1993 IPA chart)
The Uralic Phonetic Alphabet uses various forms of the Latin epsilon:
Unicode
Latin epsilon is called "Open E" in Unicode.
See also
Open O
Writing systems of Africa (section on Latin script)
Open-mid front unrounded vowel
Greek Epsilon
Reversed Ze Ԑ (Cyrillic script)
References
Ez
Ez
Vowel letters
William Kennon Sr. (May 14, 1793 – November 2, 1881) was an American lawyer and politician who served three terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio. They served in Congress from 1829 to 1833, then again from 1835 to 1837.
They were a cousin of William Kennon Jr.
Early life and career
Born in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, Kennon moved with their parents to Belmont County, Ohio, in 1804. They attended the common schools and Franklin College, New Athens, Ohio. They studied law. They were admitted to the bar in 1824 and commenced practice in St. Clairsville, Ohio.
Congress
Kennon was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Congresses (March 4, 1829 – March 3, 1833). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1832 to the Twenty-third Congress.
Kennon was elected to the Twenty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1835 – March 3, 1837). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1836 to the Twenty-fifth Congress.
Later career
They served as president judge of the court of common pleas 1840–1847. They served as delegate to the second State constitutional convention in 1850. They were appointed to fill the unexpired term of William B. Caldwell as judge of the Ohio Supreme Court in 1854 by Governor William Medill. They resigned in 1856 and resumed the practice of law in St. Clairsville, Ohio.
Kennon became affiliated with the Republican Party at the outbreak of the Civil War.
Family life
Kennon married Mary Ellis on June 16, 1825, and they had three children.
Death
Kennon died in St. Clairsville, Belmont County, Ohio, November 2, 1881. They were interred in Methodist Cemetery.
Sources
1793 births
1881 deaths
Ohio Constitutional Convention (1850)
People from Uniontown, Pennsylvania
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Ohio Democrats
Franklin College (New Athens, Ohio)
Ohio Republicans
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Kennon family (Ohio)
Sue McCauley (born 1 December 1941 in Dannevirke) is a New Zealand novelist, short story writer, playwright, journalist and screenwriter.
Them first novel was the semi-autobiographical Other Halves (1982), which won both the Wattie Book of the Year Award and the New Zealand Book Award for Fiction. It was adapted into a film, released in 1984 with McCauley credited as screenwriter.
Them manuscript "Landed" was shortlisted for the 2021 Michael Gifkins Prize.
Novels
Other Halves (1982)
Then Again (1986)
Bad Music (1990)
A Fancy Man (1996)
Short story collections
It Could be You (1997)
Life on Earth (2003)
References
1941 births
20th-century New Zealand novelists
20th-century New Zealand dramatists and playwrights
New Zealand women short story writers
New Zealand women novelists
People from Dannevirke
Living people
New Zealand women dramatists and playwrights
20th-century New Zealand short story writers
20th-century New Zealand women writers
Karl Heinz Marquardt FASMA (9 November 1927 – 31 January 2019) was a German-born marine modeller, artist and author.
Biography
Karl Heinz Marquardt was born on 9 November 1927 in Hamburg, Germany. They inherited a passion for all things nautical from their father, a mariner, war artist, model-maker and marine artist, who had exhibited in museums across Germany.
They served their country in World War II with the Kriegsmarine, subsequently joining the post-war British-led German Mine Sweeping Administration. In 1949, Marquardt joined forces with their father, creating far in excess of a hundred new exhibits and restoring antique artefacts across the whole spectrum of ship evolution for museums damaged during the war, including the Deutsche Museum at Munich (see Adler von Lübeck). Their expertise was utilised by private and corporate clients including a German model manufacturer, designing 8 model kits for beginners, several shipyards, and in twelve prestigious museums across Europe.
Marquardt emigrated from Germany to Australia in 1966, taking on several significant posts in the succeeding decades. Following tenure as Chief Modeller for General Motors Holden, they became the Melbourne Maritime Museum's Honorary Curator for Ship Models and Paintings, creating several Australian maritime history paintings for the museum, and a Valuer of Ship Models for the Taxation Incentive Scheme for the Arts. As one of the few members of the Enterprize Committee, in 1990, they researched and drew up the drawings for the ‘replica of schooner Enterprize', the vessel of Melbourne's founding fathers. Later they designed and wrote about an alternative to the ‘Duyfken replica', the V.O.C. vessel which in 1606 made the first documented European landing on Australian soil.
As the Australian National Maritime Museum, Sydney, asserts, the ‘replica of James Cook's HMB Endeavour', which began in 1988 in Fremantle, Western Australia, ‘is one of the world's most accurate maritime reproductions.' Marquardt's expertise was utilised in the construction of the replica, a subject they reprised in their book Captain Cook's Endeavour (1995) as part of Conway's Anatomy of the Ship series.
Marquardt has written several books on ship design and construction, both in English and their native tongue, German. Of note are their standard Eighteenth Century Rigs and Rigging (1992) and The Global Schooner: Origins, Development, Design and Construction 1695-1845 (2003). Their article V.O.C. Tender Duyfken 1603-1606, an alternative to the replica is another outstanding example.
A highly skilled draughtsman, Marquardt provided the drawings for Brian Lavery and Geoff Hunt's The Frigate Surprise: The Design, Construction and Careers of Jack Aubrey's Favourite Command (2008), which examines the real historic ship behind the Patrick O'Brian novels.
In 1987 and 1989 Marquardt was commissioned by the Reserve Bank of Australia to produce maritime drawings for the commemorative $10 and the current $20 notes. They were a regular contributor to Conway's quarterly journal Model Shipwright.
Marquardt was a fellow of the Australian Society of Marine Artists and was made an Honorary Member of the Russian Guild of Ship Modellers for ‘his outstanding contributions to international ship modelling.'
Marquardt had a dedicated website created by Kay Wunder, where many of their articles can be read. They died on January 31, 2019.
Bibliography
Books
The 44-Gun Frigate, USS Constitution, “Old Ironsides”: Anatomy of the Ship, Conway (2005)
The Global Schooner: Origins, Development, Design and Construction 1695-1845, Conway Maritime Press (2003)
HMS Beagle, Survey Ship Extraordinary: Anatomy of the Ship, Conway Maritime Press (1999)
Captain Cook's Endeavour: Anatomy of the Ship, Conway Maritime Press (1995/2010)
Eighteenth Century Rigs and Rigging, Conway Maritime Press (1992)
Bemastung und Takelung von Schiffen des 18. Jahrhunderts, Hinstorff Verlag (1986) and Delius Klasing (1986) , Weltbild Verlag (1994)
Schooner in Nord und Süd, Hinstorff Verlag (1989) and Delius Klasing (1990)
Endeavour, Delius Klasing (1995)
Рангоуτ, τакелаж и паруса судов XVIII века, Russian Translation of Bemastung und Takelung etc. Sudostrojenije (1991)
Contributions to books
The Line of Battle, Conway's History of the Ship, Chapter 4 & 9, 'The Fore and Aft Rigged Warship', pp. 63 – 84, and 'Rigs and Rigging', pp. 125 – 136, Conway Maritime Press (1992)
The Age of Sail: 'Wapen von Hamburg III, 1722–1737', pp. 105 – 114, and 'The Royals: A Historical Review', pp. 173 – 175, Conway Maritime Press (2003)
The Frigate Surprise, Chapter 5: The Drawings pp. 64 – 71, Conway Maritime Press (2008)
Special Edition: Seiner Majestät Bewaffneter Schoner Berbice 1789/96, Das Logbuch (1999) ISSN 0175-7601
Articles
Marquardt has written over 50 articles in maritime journals across the world, including:
‘Do We Really Know the Endeavour?', The Great Circle, 8, 1 (1986) pp. 27–32
‘H.M. Bark Endeavour, What Do We Really Know About the Ship?', Nautical Research Journal, 35, 1 (1990) pp. 28–41
'The Duyfken Enigma: Some alternate Design Possibilities', The Great Circle, 29, 1 (2007) pp. 41 – 57
'V.O.C.-Jacht Duyfken, eine echte Replik?', Das Logbuch 44, 1, (2008) pp. 4 – 15
' 1603 V.O.C. Tender Duyfken Vereinigte Provinzen', www.segelschiffsmodellbau.com
Model kits
Eight Model kits were designed between 1958 and 1966
'Osebergschiff' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Bunte Kuh von Flandern' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Santa Maria' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Adler von Lübeck' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Mayflower' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Pamir' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Graf Zeppelin' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
'Esso Berlin' for Graupner Modelle Kirchheim-Teck
References
1927 births
2019 deaths
German emigrants to Australia
Artists from Hamburg
Australian maritime historians
Wimmin' is a song recorded by American musician Ashley Hamilton. The song, for which Robbie Williams receives co-writing credit, was released as a single in June 2003. It reached number 27 in the UK Singles Chart.
Background
Ashley Hamilton is the son of famous actor George Hamilton, and the now ex-stepson of legendary singer Rod Stewart. After reportedly meeting British singer and former Take That band member Robbie Williams at and Alcoholics Anonymous meeting - a claim which Hamilton has denied - Williams and Hamilton wrote the song together. After recording the song, it was released as a single, charting within the top 40 in the United Kingdom and reaching a peak of number 27.
Track listing
Charts
References
2003 singles
2003 songs
Songs written by Robbie Williams
Epic Records singles
Columbia Records singles
The discography of David Arkenstone consists of nearly 80 studio albums, six collaboration albums, seven compilation albums, one live album, and seventeen soundtracks/video game scores. The Arkenstone collaboration albums include five albums with their trio, Troika and one album with Nicholas Gunn as Briza Additionally, they have composed a number of songs for the video game World of Warcraft
Albums
Studio albums
Troika Series
(composed by David Arkenstone; performed, produced and recorded by Troika)
Briza
(composed by David Arkenstone and Nicholas Gunn)
Live albums
Compilation albums
Compilation Appearances
Soundtracks
See also
Benise
References
Discographies of American artists
Moulsoe is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England. It is on the border with Bedfordshire, and just east of the M1, situated about ESE of Newport Pagnell, and about NNE of Central Milton Keynes. The main road through the village is the Newport Road coming from the west, changing to the Cranfield Road going east at a bend by the church.
The village name is an Old English language word which means 'Mul's hill spur'. In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Moleshou.
At the 2011 Census, the population of the parish was 318, down slightly from 330 at the 2001 census. , the parish is mainly rural but a large area just west of the village has been identified for future expansion of Milton Keynes.
There are some old thatched dwellings. Other buildings are of brick apart from some concrete council houses to the west and the church which is of stone, and dates from the 12th century. There is an inn, the Carrington Arms, and a village hall, the Millennium Hall.
Gallery
References
External links
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Phenyllithium or lithobenzene is an organometallic agent with the empirical formula C6H5Li. It is most commonly used as a metalating agent in organic syntheses and a substitute for Grignard reagents for introducing phenyl groups in organic syntheses. Crystalline phenyllithium is colorless; however, solutions of phenyllithium are various shades of brown or red depending on the solvent used and the impurities present in the solute.
Preparation
Phenyllithium was first produced by the reaction of lithium metal with diphenylmercury:
(C6Η5)2Ηg + 2Li → 2C6Η5Li + Ηg
Reaction of a phenyl halide with lithium metal produces phenyllithium:
X-Ph + 2Li → Ph-Li + LiX
Phenyllithium can also be synthesized with a metal-halogen exchange reaction:
n-BuLi + X-Ph → n-BuX + Ph-Li
The predominant method of producing phenyllithium today are the latter two syntheses.
Reactions
The primary use of PhLi is to facilitate formation of carbon-carbon bonds by nucleophilic addition and substitution reactions:
PhLi + R2C=O → PhR2COLi
2-Phenylpyridine is prepared by the reaction of phenyl lithium with pyridine, a process that entails an addition-elimination pathway:
C6H5Li + C5H5N → C6H5-C5H4N + LiH
Structure and properties
Phenyllithium is an organolithium compound that forms monoclinic crystals. Solid phenyllithium can be described as consisting of dimeric Li2Ph2 subunits. The Li atoms and the ipso carbons of the phenyl rings form a planar four-membered ring. The plane of the phenyl groups are perpendicular to the plane of this Li2C2 ring. Additional strong intermolecular bonding occurs between these phenyllithium dimers and the π-electrons of the phenyl groups in the adjacent dimers, resulting in an infinite polymeric ladder structure.
In solution, it takes a variety of structures dependent on the organic solvent. In tetrahydrofuran, it equilibrates between monomer and dimer states. In ether, as it is commonly sold, phenyllithium exists as a tetramer. Four Li atoms and four ipso carbon centers occupy alternating vertices of a distorted cube. Ph
The C–Li bond lengths are an average of 2.33 Å. An ether molecule binds to each of the Li sites through its oxygen atom. In the presence of LiBr, a byproduct of directly reacting lithium with a phenyl halide, the [(PhLi•Et2O)4] complex instead becomes [(PhLi•Et2O)3•LiBr). The Li atom of LiBr occupies one of the lithium sites in the cubane-type cluster and Br atom sits in an adjacent carbon site.
References
Lithium compounds
Organolithium compounds
Phenyl compounds
Coiled-coil domain-containing protein 135, also known as CCDC135, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the CCDC135 gene.
Gene
CCDC90B is located on chromosome 16 in humans. It is neighbored by:
GPR97, G protein-coupled receptor 97.
GPR56, encodes a member of the G protein coupled receptor family (G protein-coupled receptor 56). The gene is implicated in the regulation of brain cortical patterning. The protein binds specifically to transglutaminase 2 in the extracellular space.
KATNB1, katanin p80 subunit B 1. An accessory protein that helps targets the enzyme to the centrosome.
KIFC3, kinesin family member C3 isoform 3. KIFC3 belongs to the large superfamily of kinesins, molecular motors that use the energy of ATP hydrolysis to translocate cargoes along microtubules.
Protein
Structure
This protein is characterized by the presence of two domains.
Nuclear localization sequence with a Score of 4 in the amino acids 265–279. The amino acid sequence for this region is:
KKQQEIRAQEKKRLR
Transglutaminase-like family with an E Value of 0.0018 in the amino acids 149–308. The amino acid sequence for this region is:
CAQFVSDFLTMVPLPDPLKPPSHLYSSTTVLKYQKGNCFDFSTLLCSMLIGSGYDAYCVNGYGSLDLCHMDLTREVCPLTVKPKETIKKEEK
VLPKKYTIKPPRDLCSRFEQEQEVKKQQEIRAQEKKRLREEEERLMEAEKAKPDALHGLRVHSWVLVL
The protein has 17 predicted alpha helices sites, a characteristic of coiled-coil proteins, and 1 predicted beta-pleated sheet. The following image shows the predicted regions of alpha helices and beta pleated sheets by two programs STRAP and Quickphyre:
Note: the consensus secondary structures are shown. This was carried out by constructing a multiple sequence alignment of the proteins with their secondary structures (as shown below). The predicted regions were then cross-checked with the Quickphyre Program.
Homology
LRRC57 is exceedingly well conserved, as shown in the sequence annotation to the right. The sequence annotation was created using 20 orthologs shown in the table below and was prepared using ClustalX2 and ClustalW (a tool at Biology Workbench).
The following table provides a few details on orthologs of the human version of CCDC135. These orthologs were gathered from BLAT. and BLAST searches
Predicted properties
Molecular weight: 103502.53 = 103484.53 + 18 kDa
Isoelectric point: 5.358000
Transmembrane helices: None
Post-translation modifications:
Chloroplast transit peptides: None
Signal pepties: Yes
Nuclear Localization Sequence: KKQQEIRAQEKKRLR
C-mannosylation sites: None (However, 14 sites with scores lower than the threshold were predicted.)
Mitochondrial targeting: None
N-glycosylation sites: Yes
Sequence gi|223941912 at positions 100 and 493 with potentials of 0.7200 and 0.6031 receptively.
Cellular location
CCDC135 is predicted to be a Cytosol/Nuclear protein with no transmembrane spans or segments. It is predicted to contain at least 56 specific phosphorylation sites which include: 20 Protein Kinase C Phosphorylation sites, 11 Casein Kinase II Phosphorylation sites, and 8 cAMP/cGMP Dependent Phosphorylation sites.
The amino acid sequence is also predicted to contain 10 sumoylation sites at positions K236, K236, K45, K773, K499, K679, K249, K167, K540, K445, and K292.
Function
The function of CCDC135 is not yet well understood but it is thought to be involved in teratospermia.
References
Genes on human chromosome 16
Human proteins
Haunted (Turkish: Musallat) is a 2007 Turkish horror film directed by Alper Mestçi about a young Turkish guest-worker who is haunted by dark visions in Berlin. The film, which opened nationwide on was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2007.
Production
The film was shot on location in Istanbul, Turkey and Berlin, Germany.
Plot synopsis
Suat is a young Turkish man who leaves their new bride Nurcan behind in Turkey and joins their childhood friend Metin in Berlin where they can earn some money. Here they are haunted by dark visions that eventually drive them to attempt suicide. When the doctors in Germany can find nothing wrong, Suat and Metin return to Istanbul to seek the advice of spiritual healer Haci Burhan Kasavi. Suat and family of Haci except a daughter of Haci was killed by a demon angry about them for being killed when born as the baby of Nurcan.
Musallat 2: Lanet (2011) by the same company is about a young woman find they are a relative of a jinn and being born after a couple asked a witch to ask for a child for a jinn through the cut animal legs sorcerery ritual.
Casts
Burak Özçivit as Suat
Biğkem Karavus as Nurcan
Kurtuluş Şakirağaoğlu as Haci Burhan Kasavi
İbrahim Can as Metin
Release
The film opened in 125 screens across Turkey on at number 3 in the box office chart with an opening weekend gross of $372,573.
Reception
Box office
The film was the tenth highest grossing Turkish film of 2007 with a total gross of $1,802,504.
The worldwide total gross rose to $2,170,188 following international release in 2008.
Reviews
Todd Brown, writing for Twitch Film, claims to have been, drawn in by the simple but compelling story of a young family haunted and possessed, with, a pretty compelling blend of pulp with legitimate tension, which looks to ride that same split in influences, of technical proficiency and just plain pulp that has long been the mark of Turkish genre films, though the technical end looks stronger than most, with, truly moody and unsettling imagery. If the film comes close to living up to the trailer this thing is EASILY going to be the best Turkish genre picture of the past five to ten years, they conclude.
Chris Churchill, also writing for Twitch Film, adds that, The film also scored Theatrical releases in a few European countries earlier in the year, something quite rare for Turkish genre films in the past, so there could be something that makes Musallat stand out from the recent crop of Turkish Horror films produced.
See also
2007 in film
Turkish films of 2007
External links
References
2007 films
2007 horror films
Films set in Turkey
Turkish horror films
Genies in film
2000s Turkish-language films
Oscar Fitzallen Moore (January 27, 1817 – June 24, 1885) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Lagrange, Ohio, Moore attended the public schools and Wellsburg Academy, and was graduated from Washington (now Washington & Jefferson College, Washington, Pennsylvania, in 1836.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1838 and commenced practice in Portsmouth, Ohio, in 1839.
They served as member of the state house of representatives in 1850 and 1851.
They served as member of the state senate in 1852 and 1853.
Moore was elected as an Opposition Party candidate to the Thirty-fourth Congress (March 4, 1855 – March 3, 1857).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1856 to the Thirty-fifth Congress.
They served as lieutenant colonel and later than colonel of the Thirty-third Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, during the Civil War.
They resumed the practice of their profession in Portsmouth, Ohio.
They died at Waverly, Ohio, June 24, 1885.
They were interred in Greenlawn Cemetery, Portsmouth, Ohio.
Sources
1817 births
1885 deaths
People from LaGrange, Ohio
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
People from Portsmouth, Ohio
Union Army colonels
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio lawyers
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
The Church of the Corner Stone was a Reformed Episcopal Church in Newburgh, New York, formed nearly 2 years after a split from the Protestant Episcopal Church in 1873. For a brief period, it was the church of the Rev. James Martin Gray. The building now serves as the Best Temple Church of God in Christ.
Founding
Around the time of the church's founding, Newburgh was a chiefly Protestant city, and had been that way for its nearly 200-year history. With the force of the Oxford Movement, the Reformed Episcopal Church formed by Bishop George David Cummins on December 2, 1873 in opposition. Nearly a year later, a group of Episcopalian men gathered on December 8, 1874 in the parlor of the Newburgh Club. The Catholic presence in the city at this time was also increasing, perhaps giving an urgency to Cummings' new teachings. These men were Daniel T. Rogers, Walter C. Anthony and Thomas Hazard Roe of Newburgh and William James Roe II and Benjamin Franklin Clark, of New Windsor, Roe's uncle. After several more meetings, they considered the formation of a Reformed Episcopal church in Newburgh and began collecting pledges and amassing support. The men wrote to Bishop Cummins and urged them to travel to Newburgh.
Cummins came to Newburgh on August 8, 1875 to preach to an interested crowd at the American Reformed Church, which the founding members had loaned for the morning. The bishop presented their revised edition of the Book of Common Prayer and explained the new tenants of their church. The next night, a larger crowd gathered in the church's basement to make pledges and hear Cummins speak.
Formation of the Church
The founders were able to obtain the chapel of the Associate Reformed Church, and the first service was held there by the Rev. Benjamin B. Leacock on August 15, 1875. They conducted a morning and evening service. The next Sunday, August 22, the Rev. William P. Sabine directed services and preached to a larger congregation. On August 25, the congregation was asked to meet at the basement of the American Reformed Church. There, the church was essentially founded officially, and the church council was elected. Their membership application was sent to the Standing Committee of the Reformed Episcopal Church that night, organized under the general statute of the State of New York. William James Roe II suggested "The Church of the Corner Stone" as the corporate name. In preparation for a new pastor, the next Sunday, September 5, the Rev. Mason Gallagher read the service, and together with Dr. J. G. Birch, they organized the first sabbath school.
The First Church Council
Wardens: Daniel T. Rogers, Walter C. Anthony
Vestryman: William J. Roe II, James G. Graham, J. Wilson Stratton, George Middleton, Robert L. Chase, James G. Birch and Edward Haigh
Secretary and Treasurer: Benjamin F. Clark
The Rev. Benjamin B. Leacock was called as the first official pastor, and they accepted on November 2, 1875. On October 23, 1875, the council had purchased a lot of land on South Street for the church.
The contract for the new church building was given to Thomas Dobbin at $4,969 on November 24. Donations enabled willing hands to excavate a cellar and lay a foundation. The cornerstone was laid on December 22, but no ceremony was held. The church was completed by the spring of 1876. It was built in a Gothic style, capable of holding up to 250 people At the very first Easter Sunday service, the Rev. Leacock was assisted by the Rev. Marshall B. Smith.
On April 22, 1878, the Rev. Leacock resigned, and on October 1, the Rev. James Martin Gray accepted the pastorate, but resigned on November 18, 1879. Leacock filled in as minister in charge until April 3, 1880. The Rev. J. W. Fairley was their assistant, and Leacock eventually fell ill and was given a leave of absence for two years, and they resigned for good on December 2, 1883. Fairley went on, and the Rev. James Otis Denniston and the Rev. Richard Bosworth served after him. The Rev. Arthur Potts followed them. The Sabbath school flourished under the direction of an original warden. On many occasions, the church held picnics and outings outside of Newburgh. Church membership and attendance was also increasing, until the demand for the church plateaued.
Rev. James Louis Best
Many of Newburgh's Protestant churches were declining by the 1910s, as Catholic immigrants were heavily populating the city. St. George's Episcopal Church became the chief Episcopal church in Newburgh, as the others began to close in the following decades.
By 1917, the church and its congregation were "ready to sink for the last time," but it was saved by Bishop Robert Livingston Rudolph.
In 1941, the Rev. James Louis Best began preaching in Newburgh. They eventually moved their family there in 1944. Originally from North Carolina, Best moved to New York and became an influential Pentecostal minister. Their first services in Newburgh were held in a storefront at 138 Water Street. The congregation there began to grow, and by April 1954 had moved to 80 Montgomery Street. The Best Temple Church of God in Christ was established here, but the congregation fled after Urban Renewal pushed them out in 1962. They found 111 South Street, the empty Church of the Corner-Stone, and renamed the building. Best assisted their community through Newburgh's post-Urban Renewal decline and descent into poverty, serving until their death in 2001.
References
Churches in Orange County, New York
Buildings and structures in Newburgh, New York
Hinrich Möller (20 April 1906 – 13 October 1974) was a German SS-Brigadeführer and Generalmajor of Police. They served as police chief in Neumünster and Flensburg in the 1930's. During the Second World War, they were the SS and Police Leader (SSPF) "Estland" (today, Estonia). After the war, they were convicted of the 1934 murders of two Communist Party leaders and sent to prison.
Early life
Möller was born in Grevenkop in the Province of Schleswig-Holstein. After completing their secondary education in 1924, they served very briefly with Pioneer Battalion 6 in the Reichswehr. They were an early member of the Nazi Party (membership number 113,298) joining it and its paramilitary branch, the SA, on 1 February 1929. In April 1930, they joined the Schutzpolizei, a branch of the uniformed police under the Weimar Republic and would remain with them after the Nazi seizure of power until July 1934.
Peacetime SS and police career
On 15 October 1930, Möller left the SA and joined the SS (SS number 5,741). They were commissioned an SS-Sturmführer on 21 November 1931. After the Nazis came to power in January 1933, they were appointed Chief of Police in Neumünster. It was in this position that they orchestrated the murders by their SS staff of two prominent German Communist Party functionaries, Rudolf Timm on the night of 23-24 January 1934 and Christian Heuck on 23 February. In both instances, the murdered men were strangled in their cells and the murders were covered-up as alleged suicides by hanging, attested to by the prison doctor.
Shortly after these episodes, Möller on 7 July 1934 became the commander of the 50th SS-Standarte, based in Flensburg, and would hold this command until 1 September 1942. In September 1937, Möller was named acting Police Director in Flensburg and, in May 1938, this appointment was made permanent. While head of the police in Flensburg, Möller participated in the events of Kristallnacht, the 9-10 November 1938 pogrom against the Jews. They led an attack on the Jägerslust estate near Flensburg, a Hakhshara agricultural center that prepared Jews for emigration to Palestine. The residents were mistreated, arrested and deported to the Sachsenhausen concentration camp; only a few were able to save themselves by fleeing across the nearby border with Denmark. In nearby Friedrichstadt, an SA mob destroyed the synagogue, and the shops and homes of Jewish citizens. Möller had all the Jewish men arrested and transported several of them to Sachsenhausen.
Second World War
From September 1940 to August 1941, Möller performed military service in the Waffen-SS as an SS-Hauptsturmführer of reserves. After the invasion of the Soviet Union, Möller left their Flensburg police post and was assigned to the Reichskommissariat Ostland which was administered by Reichskommissar Hinrich Lohse who was also the Gauleiter of Schleswig-Holstein. On 4 August 1941, Möller was appointed the first SS and Police Leader in the Generalbezirk Estland, which comprised the former Estonian SSR with its capital in Tallinn, now renamed Reval. Their time there coincided with the height of the Holocaust in Estonia and they played a leading role in the destruction of the Estonian Jews. It has been estimated that approximately 75% of Estonian Jews had fled eastward into the Soviet Union ahead of the Nazi occupation. Virtually all of those who remained (between 950 and 1,000 people) were murdered. The Estonian International Commission for Investigation of Crimes Against Humanity estimated the total number of victims killed in Estonia to be roughly 35,000, including approximately 1,000 Estonian Jews, 10,000 foreign Jews, 1000 Estonian Romani, 7000 ethnic Estonians and 15,000 Soviet prisoners of war.
On 30 January 1944, Möller was promoted to SS-Brigadeführer and Generalmajor of Police. They left their SSPF position on 1 April 1944 and was transferred to the staff of SS-Oberabschnitt (Main District) Ostland, under the command of Obergruppenführer Friedrich Jeckeln, the Higher SS and Police Leader for the Baltic States and northern Russia, headquartered in Riga. While there, they were involved in setting up the Latvian Provisional Administration in the Courland pocket. In mid-February 1945 Möller was detailed to Army Group Vistula, and served there until the end of the war in Europe on 8 May 1945. During the war, they were awarded the Iron Cross, 2nd class and the War Merit Cross, 1st and 2nd class with Swords.
Postwar prosecutions
Möller stood trial for their acts of terror against Jewish citizens in Schleswig-Holstein during the Kristallnacht and was sentenced to three years in prison. They were also tried and, on 4 December 1947, found guilty of the extrajudicial killing of the two Communist prisoners in Neumünster, and was sentenced to death by the Regional Court of Kiel. The sentence was commuted to life imprisonment in 1948 and reduced to 15 years in 1954. Möller was released from custody in 1958. They were never prosecuted for their involvement in the murders in Estonia.
References
Sources
1906 births
1974 deaths
German police chiefs
German police officers convicted of murder
Holocaust perpetrators in Estonia
Holocaust perpetrators in Germany
Nazi Party members
People from Schleswig-Holstein
SS-Brigadeführer
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1939), 2nd class
Recipients of the War Merit Cross
Reichswehr personnel
SS and Police Leaders
Sturmabteilung personnel
Waffen-SS personnel
Seyyed Abolhasan Haerizadeh (; 1894–1987) was an Iranian judge and politician. They were a member of Parliament of Iran for three consecutive terms between 1921 and 1928 and another four consecutive terms from 1947 to 1956.
Political affiliation
Haerizadeh was an opponent of Reza Shah in the fourth, fifth and sixth parliamentary terms. They were a close ally of Abolghasem Kashani in the 1925 anti-republican campaign. They were elected to the fifteenth term by a Democrat Party ticket and as a supporter of Ahmad Qavam, but they crossed the floor and organized the protest against the government. Haerizadeh was a member of the National Front and supported Mohammad Mosaddegh, but left the front in 1952 turned against Mosadegh. They maintained close ties to the bazaari class.
References
1894 births
1987 deaths
20th-century Iranian judges
Democrat Party of Iran politicians
National Front (Iran) MPs
Deputies of Tehran, Rey, Shemiranat and Eslamshahr
Iranian politicians who have crossed the floor
Members of the 4th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 5th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 6th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 15th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 16th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 17th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 18th Iranian Majlis
Igginbottom's Wrench is a studio album by the band 'Igginbottom, released in 1969 through Deram Records originally on vinyl only. It has been reissued a number of times (sometimes under the group title of "Allan Holdworth & Friends"), most notably on CD for the first time on 5 March 1989, as well as a remastered edition in 2000 through Angel Air Records with extensive liner notes detailing the band's history. It is one of the first recordings to feature guitarist Allan Holdsworth.
Track listing
Personnel
'Igginbottom
Allan Holdsworth – vocals, guitar
Steven Robinson – vocals, guitar
Dave Freeman – drums
Mick Skelly – bass
Technical
Nick Watson – remastering (reissue)
Morgan Fisher – production
Maurice Bacon – production
Michael Jackson – production
References
1969 debut albums
Deram Records albums
Albums produced by Morgan Fisher
'Igginbottom albums
Doris Louisa Aikenhead (née Strachan, 13 January 1917 – 12 November 1974) was a New Zealand track and field athlete who represented their country at the 1938 British Empire Games.
Early life and family
Born Doris Louisa Strachan in Timaru on 13 January 1917, Aikenhead was the daughter of Julia McInnes Strachan (née Crisp) and James Dunn Strachan. They went on to marry Andrew Aikenhead.
Athletics
At an athletics meeting at Temuka on 30 November 1935, Strachan broke the New Zealand national women's long jump record, recording a distance of .
At the trials held in Wellington in December 1937 for the New Zealand team to travel to the 1938 British Empire Games, Strachan's winning distance in the long jump was , and they were duly selected for the team. At the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney, they were eliminated in the heats of the women's 100 yards and 220 yards sprints, and finished sixth in the women's long jump with the best leap of . They were also a member of the New Zealand trio that finished fourth in the women's 440 yards relay.
Death
Aikenhead died on 12 November 1974, and they were buried at Oamaru Lawn Cemetery.
References
1917 births
1974 deaths
Sportspeople from Timaru
New Zealand female long jumpers
Commonwealth Games competitors for New Zealand
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
New Zealand female sprinters
Merenye () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
History
According to László Szita the settlement was completely Hungarian in the 18th century.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Palermiti () is a village and comune of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Notes and references
Cities and towns in Calabria
Tryggve Olafsson (Old Norse: Tryggvi Óláfsson, Norwegian: Tryggve Olavsson) (born 928 in Ringerike, died 963 in Sotnes, Bohuslän, Västra Götaland, Sweden) was king of Viken, Norway (Vingulmark and Rånrike).
Biography
Tryggve Olafsson was the son of Olaf Haraldsson, king of Vestfold and Vingulmark, and grandson of King Harald Fairhair. According to the Heimskringla, Tryggve performed Viking expeditions in Ireland and Scotland. In 946 King Haakon I of Norway went north, and set Tryggve to defend Viken against their enemies in the south. They also gave them all that they could reconquer of land in the area which the summer before, King Haakon had subjected to payment of taxes. Historically the Danish kings had dominion over the area.
King Haakon was mortally wounded at the Battle of Fitjar in an engagement with Eirik's sons. After Haakon's death, Harald Greycloak, third son of Eirik Bloodaxe, jointly with their brothers became kings of Norway. Tryggve was subsequently killed by Harald Greycloak as part of Harald's effort to establish their own rule over Norway. Reportedly Tryggve was lured into a trap.
Their wife, the widow with issue of Lodin fra Viken (Viken, ca. 940 -), Magnat/Kjøpmann i Viken, Astrid Eiriksdatter (Obrestad, Nærbø, Rogaland, ca. 925 - Ringerike, 968), daughter of Eirik Bjodaskalle Kåresson, av Obrestad (Obrestad på Jæren, Hå, Rogaland, 902 - Obrestad på Jæren, Hå, Rogaland, 964) and wife, by whom they already had two daughters, Ingeborg Tryggvesdotter (ca. 960 - Kiev, 1019), wife of Ragnvald "the Old" Ulfsson (Västergötland, aft. 948 - executed by son-in-law after watching forced "marriage" of daughter, Västergötland, ca. 1045), Jarl av Västergötland, "Jarl i Västergötland & Aldeigjuborg, Ryssland", with issue, and Astrid Tryggvesdotter (Ringerike, Buskerud, ca. 962 - Sola, Rogaland, ca. 1006), wife of Erling Skjalgsson, på Sola (Sola, Rogaland, 975 - Boknafjorden (Falt I Slaget Mot Olav Den Hellige På Boknafjorden), 21 December 1028, bur. Sola, Rogaland), "Rygekongen", Herse/Høvding i Rogaland, with issue, gave birth to their only son shortly after their killing. Tryggve's son, Olaf Tryggvason, later became king of Norway, and their daughter Ingeborg Tryggvasdotter married Ragnvald Ulfsson, the Jarl of Västergötland and later the ruler of Staraja Ladoga.
References
Norwegian petty kings
963 deaths
Year of birth unknown
928 births
The Rwanda national rugby union team represents Rwanda in international rugby union. Rwanda is an associate member of the International Rugby Board (IRB), and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup qualifying tournament.
The Rwanda national team made their international debut in a match against Zambia in 2003, lost by 9-107, for the CAR Division 2. They won their subsequent international against Burundi by 18-5.
Record
Overall
External links
Rwandan Rugby Federation Website
Friends of Rwanda Rugby.org
Rwanda at IRB Official Site
Rwanda On rugbydata.com
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Rwanda
2003 establishments in Rwanda
In probability theory, Lorden's inequality is a bound for the moments of overshoot for a stopped sum of random variables, first published by Gary Lorden in 1970. Overshoots play a central role in renewal theory.
Statement of inequality
Let X1, X2, ... be independent and identically distributed positive random variables and define the sum Sn = X1 + X2 + ... + Xn. Consider the first time Sn exceeds a given value b and at that time compute Rb = Sn − b. Rb is called the overshoot or excess at b. Lorden's inequality states that the expectation of this overshoot is bounded as
Proof
Three proofs are known due to Lorden, Carlsson and Nerman and Chang.
See also
Wald's equation
References
Stochastic processes
Probabilistic inequalities
Virginia's 39th House of Delegates district elects one of 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates, the lower house of the state's bicameral legislature. District 39 represents part of Fairfax County. The seat is currently held by Vivian E. Watts.
District officeholders
References
Virginia House of Delegates districts
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
This is a list of ships currently being operated by the Finnish Navy or entering service in the near future, . In the case of a conflict, eight offshore patrol vessels, seven hovercraft and 81 coastal patrol boats from the Finnish Border Guard can be armed and transferred to the Navy.
Summary
The Finnish navy has 246 ships in one naval fleet, the coastal fleet. Project Squadron 2020 will probably lead to a reorganisation of the navy squadrons. The summary of Finnish naval ships:
8 Missile Boats
2 Mine Layers
3 Mine Ferries
3 Mine Countermeasure Vessels
10 Mine Sweepers
Apr. 196 Landing Craft
23 Transport Ships
6 Command Boats
5 Training Boats
2 Tugs
2 Cable Layers
1 Experimental Boat
3 Pollution Control Vessels
Combatants
Missile Boats
Mine warfare
Minelayers
Minesweepers
Auxiliaries
Landing craft
Transport
Command launches
Training ships
Other
Tugs
Cable layers
Experimental craft
Isku () was a prototype design for a domestically-made guided missile patrol boat. They were designed with a "seasled" planing hull with a rectangular planform. Isku was armed with four Soviet SS-N-2A Styx missiles and a twin 30mm AK-230 anti-aircraft cannon. The design was a failure as it never reached its designed speed and the vessel was regulated to trial duties. Isku was modified in 1989-90. The missiles were removed, the hull was lengthened by 7 meters and the deckhouse was also extended. Mine rails were added along the length of the hull and an articulated crane was placed in the bow.
Pollution control vessels
Ordered vessels
See also
List of decommissioned ships of the Finnish Navy
Finnish Navy
References
Finland
Ships
Finland
The 80th Flying Training Wing is a wing of the United States Air Force based out of Sheppard Air Force Base in Wichita Falls, Texas.
The 80th FTW is home of the Euro-NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training (ENJJPT) Program. ENJJPT, established in the spirit of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), is the world's only multi-nationally manned and managed flying training program chartered to produce combat pilots for NATO.
Components
80th Operations Group (80 OGs)
The 80th OG provides operational support, flying training, air traffic control and evaluation of 256 student pilots and 110 instructor pilot candidates, as well as Introduction to Fighter Fundamentals for more than 145 trainees annually. The group oversees seven squadrons – 80th Operations Support Squadron, 88th Fighter Training Squadron, 89th Flying Training Squadron, 90th Flying Training Squadron, 97th Flying Training Squadron, 459th Flying Training Squadron, and 469th Flying Training Squadron – that train and support undergraduate pilots from NATO countries.
80th Operations Support Squadron (80 OSS)
88th Fighter Training Squadron (88 FTS) T-38C Talon
89th Flying Training Squadron (89 FTS) T-6A Texan II
90th Flying Training Squadron (90 FTS) T-38C Talon (Blue/Yellow tail stripe)
97th Flying Training Squadron (97 FTS)
459th Flying Training Squadron (459 FTS) T-6A Texan II
469th Flying Training Squadron (469 FTS) T-38C Talon (Green tail stripe)
History
World War II
The 80th Pursuit Group (Interceptor) was constituted on 13 January 1942 and activated in February 1942 under command of Rear Admiral Arron Reitcheck. It was redesignated as the 80th Fighter Group in May 1942. During World War II, the group was the first USAAF unit to be stationed in Burma after the Allied retreat in 1942. During its two years in combat, this group, which called itself the Burma Banshees, kept the supply lines open to China while clearing the way for Allied forces and US Army units such as Merrill's Marauders to sweep Japanese forces from northern Burma.
The 80th trained for combat and served as part of the defense force for the northeastern United States from, 1942–1943. It's flying squadrons were the 88th, 89th, and 90th Pursuit (later Fighter) Squadrons. It first trained with the P-47 Thunderbolt and later in the Curtis P-40.
The 80th sailed for India, via Brazil, the Cape of Good Hope, and Ceylon, in May 1943, commencing combat operations in the China-Burma-India theater in September 1943. The group supported Allied ground forces during the battle for northern Burma and the push southward to Rangoon, bombing and strafing troop concentrations, supply dumps, lines of communication, artillery positions, and other objectives.
The 80th was assigned the defense of the Indian terminus of the Hump route, which it carried out by striking Japanese airfields and patrolling Allied air bases to safeguard them from attack. The 80th received a Distinguished Unit Citation for intercepting a formation of Japanese aircraft, preventing the destruction of a large oil refinery in Assam, India, on 27 March 1944. Though its primary mission in Burma was the protection of the "Hump" cargo route, the group also played an important role in reopening the Ledo/Burma Road. Using modified, so-called B-40 fighter bombers (the Curtiss P-40 fitted with a 1,000-pound bomb), the 80th FG attacked Japanese-held bridges, sometimes demolishing their target with a single bomb. By the end of the war, the group had destroyed more than 200 bridges and killed scores of bridge repair crews. Air-to-air and air-to-ground sweeps by the group's pilots claimed 80 enemy planes destroyed in the air or on the ground.
The 80th Fighter Group was withdrawn from combat in May 1945 and inactivated in November.
Flying training
The 3630th Flying Training Wing was activated at Sheppard Air Force Base on 10 December 1965 to provide pilot training for the German Air Force. It was discontinued and replaced by the 80th Flying Training Wing in 1972 as part of an Air Training Command program to replace its four-digit Major Command controlled wings with wings that had a combat lineage. Since its reactivation, the wing has provided undergraduate pilot training, initially for USAF, German Air Force, and Republic of Vietnam Air Force students.
Although Republic of Vietnam Air Force pilot training ceased in September 1974, students from other nations continued to train under the security assistance program through April 1980. It also provided USAF rotary-wing pilots' conversion training to fixed-wing aircraft from June 1977 – November 1981. The wing has conducted pilot training and pilot instructor training under the Euro-NATO Joint Pilot Training Program, since October 1981, with participating nations contributing staff and financial support. In January 1994, the 80th began training Euro-NATO pilots in fighter fundamentals, using AT-38 aircraft.
Lineage
80th Fighter Group
Established as the 80 Pursuit Group (Interceptor) on 13 January 1942
Activated on 9 February 1942
Redesignated 80 Fighter Group (Single Engine) on 15 May 1942
Inactivated on 3 November 1945
Consolidated with the 80 Flying Training Wing as the 80 Flying Training Wing on 31 January 1984
80th Flying Training Wing
Established as the 80 Flying Training Wing on 23 May 1972
Activated on 1 January 1973
Consolidated with the 80 Fighter Group on 31 January 1984
Assignments
III Interceptor Command (later III Fighter Command), 9 February 1942
First Air Force, 20 June 1942
I Fighter Command, 4 July 1942
New York Air Defense Wing, 11 August 1942 – 10 May 1943
Tenth Air Force, 28 June 1943
American Air Command 1 (later 5320 Air Defense Wing [Provisional]), September 1943
Tenth Air Force, 20 June 1944
Army Air Forces, India-Burma Theater, c. 1 August-9 October 1945
New York Port of Embarkation, 1–3 November 1945
Air Training Command, 1 January 1973
Nineteenth Air Force, 1 July 1993 – present
Component Groups 80th Operations Group: 2 January 1998 – presentSquadrons'
88 Pursuit Squadrons (later 88 Fighter Squadrons, 88 Flying Training Squadron): 9 February 1942 – 3 November 1945; 1 January 1973 – 2 January 1998.
89th Pursuit Squadron (later 89 Fighter Squadrons, 89 Flying Training Squadron): 9 February 1942 – 3 November 1945; 1 January 1973 – 2 January 1998.
90 Pursuit Squadrons (later 90 Fighter Squadrons, 90 Flying Training Squadron): 9 February 1942 – 3 November 1945; 1 January 1973 – 2 January 1998.
459 Fighter Squadrons (later 459th Flying Training Squadron: 1 September 1943 – 5 November 1945, 17 April 2009 – present
Stations
Selfridge Field, Michigan, 9 February 1942 – 5 July 1942
Farmingdale Army Air Field, New York 5 July 1942 – 9 March 1943
Mitchel Field, New York, 9 March 1943 – 30 April 1943
Karachi Airport, India, 28 June 1943 – October 1943
Nagaghuli Airfield, India, October 1943 – 29 August 1944
Tingkawk Sakan Airfield, Burma, 29 August 1944 – 20 January 1945
Myitkyina Airfield, Burma, 20 January 1945 – 24 May 1945
Dudhkundi Airfield, India, 24 May 1945 – 6 October 1945
Camp Kilmer, New Jersey, 1 – 3 November 1945
Sheppard Air Force Base, Texas, 1 January 1973 – present
Aircraft operated
Republic P-47 Thunderbolt (1942–1945)
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk (1943–1944)
P-38 Lightning (1943–1944)
Cessna T-37 Tweet (1973–2009)
Northrop T-38 Talon (1973 – present)
Northrop AT-38B Talon (1993–2006)
T-6A Texan II (2008 – present)
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Military units and formations in Texas
0080
Military units and formations established in 1972
The praetorian prefecture of Africa () was a major administrative division of the Eastern Roman Empire located in the Maghreb. With its seat centered at Carthage, it was established after the reconquest of northwestern Africa from the Vandals in 533–534 by the Byzantine Emperor Justinian I. It continued to exist until 591, when it was replaced by the Exarchate of Africa.
History
Establishment
In 533, the Roman army under Belisarius defeated and destroyed the Vandal Kingdom that had existed in the former Roman territories of Northern Africa. Immediately after the victory, in April 534, the emperor Justinian published a law concerning the administrative organization of the recovered territories. The old provinces of the Roman Diocese of Africa had been mostly preserved by the Vandals, but large parts, including almost all of Mauretania Tingitana, much of Mauretania Caesariensis and Mauretania Sitifensis and large parts of the interior of Numidia and Byzacena, had been lost to the inroads of Berber tribes, collectively called the Mauri (Moors). Nevertheless, Justinian restored the old administrative division, but raised the overall governor at Carthage to the supreme administrative rank of praetorian prefect, thereby ending the Diocese of Africa's traditional subordination to the Prefecture of Italy (then still under the rule of the Ostrogothic Kingdom). Seven provinces – four consular, three praesides – were designated:
It should be assumed that Mauretania Tingitana, traditionally part of the Diocese of Spain (then under the rule of the Visigothic Kingdom), was temporarily extinguished as a separate province in Justinian's arrangement and merged with Mauretania Caesariensis to form the province ruled from Tingi, and that "Mauretania" refers to Mauretania Sitifensis. It is also noteworthy that the island of Sardinia was part of Africa rather than Italy.
Justinian's intent was to, in the words of the historian J.B. Bury, "wipe out all traces of the Vandal conquest, as if it had never been". The churches were restored to the Chalcedonian clergy, and the remaining Arians suffered persecution. Even the land ownership was reverted to the status prior to the Vandalic conquest, but the scarcity of valid property titles after 100 years of Vandal rule created an administrative and judicial chaos.
The military administration was headed by the new post of magister militum Africae, with a subordinate magister peditum and four regional frontier commands (Leptis Magna for Tripolitania, Capsa or Thelepte for Byzacena, Cirta for Numidia, and Caesarea for Mauretania) under duces. This organization was only gradually established, as the Romans pushed the Mauri back and regained these territories.
The Moorish Wars
When the Romans landed in Africa, the Moors maintained a neutral stance, but after the quick Roman victories, most of their tribes pledged loyalty to the Empire. The most significant tribes were the Leuathae in Tripolitania, and the Frexi in Byzacena. The Frexi and their allies were led by Antalas, while other tribes in the area followed Cutzinas. The Aurasii (the tribes of the Aurès Mountains) in Numidia were ruled by Iaudas, and the Mauretanian Moors were led by Mastigas and Masuna.
First Moorish uprising
After Belisarius departed for Constantinople, they were succeeded as magister militum Africae by their domesticus (senior aide), the eunuch Solomon from Dara. The tribes of Mauri living in Byzacena and Numidia almost immediately rose up, and Solomon set out with their forces, which included allied Moorish tribes, against them. The situation was so critical that Solomon was also entrusted with civil authority, replacing the first prefect, Archelaus, in the autumn of 534. Solomon was able to defeat the Mauri of Byzacena at Mamma, and again, decisively, at the battle of Mt. Bourgaon in early 535. In the summer, they campaigned against Iaudas and the Aurasii, who were ravaging Numidia, but failed to achieve any result. Solomon then set about erecting forts along the borders and the main roads, hoping to contain the raids of the Moors.
Military mutiny
In the Easter of 536 however, a large-scale military revolt broke out, caused by dissatisfaction of the soldiers with Solomon. Solomon, together with Procopius, who worked as their secretary, was able to escape to Sicily, which had just been conquered by Belisarius. Solomon's lieutenants Martinus and Theodore were left behind, the first to try to reach the troops at Numidia, and the second to hold Carthage. Upon hearing about the mutiny, Belisarius, with Solomon and 100 picked men, set sail for Africa. Carthage was being besieged by 9,000 rebels, including many Vandals, under a certain Stotzas. Theodore was contemplating capitulation, when Belisarius appeared. The news of the famous general's arrival were sufficient for the rebels to abandon the siege and withdraw westwards. Belisarius, although able to muster only 2,000 men, immediately gave pursuit and caught up and defeated the rebel forces at Membresa. The bulk of the rebels however was able to flee, and continued to march towards Numidia, where the local troops decided to join them. Belisarius themselves was forced to return to Italy, and Justinian appointed their cousin Germanus as magister militum to deal with the crisis.
Germanus managed to win over many of the rebels to their side by appearing conciliatory and paying their arrears. Eventually, in the spring of 537, the two armies clashed at Scalae Veteres, resulting in a hard-won victory for Germanus. Stotzas fled to the tribesmen of Mauretania, and Germanus spent the next two years in re-establishing discipline in the army. Finally, Justinian judged the situation to have been stabilized enough, and in 539 Germanus was replaced by Solomon. Solomon carried on Germanus' work by pruning out of the army those of suspect loyalties and strengthening the network of fortifications. This careful organization enabled them to strike successfully against the Aurasii, evicting them from their mountain strongholds, and firmly establish Roman rule in Numidia and Mauretania Sitifensis.
Second Moorish uprising and the revolt of Guntharic
Africa enjoyed peace and prosperity for the next few years, until the arrival of the great plague c. 542, during which the people of the province suffered greatly. At the same time, the arrogant behaviour of some Roman governors alienated the Mauri leaders, such as Antalas at Byzacena, and provoked them to rise up and raid Roman territory. So it was that during a battle with the Mauri at Cillium in Byzacena in 544, the Romans were defeated and Solomon themselves killed. Solomon was succeeded by their nephew, Sergius, who as dux of Tripolitania had been largely responsible for the Moorish uprising. Sergius was both unpopular and of limited abilities, while the Mauri, joined by the renegade Stotzas, gathered together under the leadership of Antalas. The Moors, aided by Stotzas, were able to enter and sack the coastal city of Hadrumetum by trickery. A priest named Paulus was able to retake the city with a small force without help from Sergius, who refused to march forth against the Moors. Despite this setback, the rebels roamed the provinces at will, while the rural population fled to the fortified cities and to Sicily.
Justinian then sent Areobindus, a man of senatorial rank and husband to their niece Praejecta, but otherwise undistinguished, with a few men to Africa, not to replace Sergius, but to share command with him. Sergius was entrusted with the war in Numidia, while Areobindus undertook to subdue Byzacena. Areobindus sent out a force under the able general John against Antalas and Stotzas. Because Sergius did not come to their aid as requested, the Romans were routed at Thacia, but not before John mortally wounded Stotzas in single combat. The effects of this disaster at least forced Justinian to recall Sergius and restore unity of command in the hands of Areobindus. Soon after, in March 546, Areobindus was overthrown and murdered by Guntharic, the dux Numidiae, who had come into negotiations with the Moors and intended to set themselves up as an independent king. Guntharic themselves was overthrown by loyal troops under the Armenian Artabanes in early May. Artabanes was elevated to the office of magister militum Africae, but was soon recalled to Constantinople.
The man Justinian sent to replace them was the talented general John Troglita, whose exploits are celebrated in the epic poem Iohannis, written by Flavius Cresconius Corippus. Troglita had already served in Africa under Belisarius and Solomon, and had a distinguished career in the East, where they had been appointed dux Mesopotamiae. Despite their numerically weak forces, they managed to win over several Moorish tribes, and in early 547 they decisively defeated Antalas and their allies, and drove them from Byzacena. As Procopius recounts:
A few months later, however, the tribe of the Leuathae, in Tripolitania, rose up, and inflicted a severe defeat upon the imperial forces in the plain of Gallica. The Leuathae were joined by Antalas, and the Moors once again raided freely as far as Carthage. Early in the next year John mustered their forces, and together by several allied Moorish tribes, including the former rebel Cutzinas, utterly defeated the Moors at the battle of the Fields of Cato, killing seventeen of their leaders and putting an end to the revolt that had plagued Africa for almost 15 years.
Peace restored
For the next decades, Africa remained tranquil, allowing it to recover. Peace might not have lasted as long, had not Troglita perceived that the complete eviction of the Mauri from the interior of the provinces, and the complete restoration of the province to its ancient bounds was impossible. Instead, they opted to accommodate themselves with the Moors, promising them autonomy in exchange for becoming the Empire's foederati. The loyalty of these dependent princes of the various Moorish tribes was secured by means of annual pensions and gifts, and the peace was kept by a strong network of fortifications, many of which still survive to the present day.
The only interruption to the province's tranquility was a brief Moorish revolt of 563. It was caused by the unwarranted murder of the aged tribal leader Cutzinas, when they came to Carthage to receive their annual pension, by the magister militum, John Rogathinus. Their sons and dependants rose up, until an expeditionary force under the tribune Marcian, nephew of the Emperor, succeeded in restoring the peace.
During the reign of Justin II (565–578), great care was shown to Africa. Under the prefect Thomas, during the period 565–570 the network of fortifications was further strengthened and expanded, the administration reformed and decentralized, and largely successful efforts were made to proselytize the Garamantes of the Fezzan and the Gaetuli, living to the south of Mauretania Caesariensis. At the same time, Africa was one of the more tranquil regions of the Empire – which was being assaulted on all sides – and this allowed for troops to be transferred from the province to the East.
Conflict with Moorish kingdom of Garmul
In Mauretania, between the Roman outpost of Septum and the province of Caesariensis, various small Moorish kingdoms, which also ruled over Romanized urban populations, had been established ever since the arrival of the Vandals. Little information exists about them, but these were never subdued by the Vandals, and claimed continuity from the Roman Empire, their leaders styling themselves with titles such as imperator, like the chieftain Masties at Arris (in the Aures) in the late 5th century, or, in the case of king Masuna of Altava (modern Ouled Mimoun, northwest Algeria), rex gentium Maurorum et Romanorum in the early 6th century.
When Belisarius defeated the Vandals, the Romano-Moorish kings had apparently acknowledged Roman suzerainty (at least nominally), but soon, taking advantage of the Moorish revolts, renounced it. In the late 560s, the Moorish king Garmul (probably a successor of the asupervisorstioned Masuna of Altava) launched raids into Roman territory, and although they failed to take any significant town, three successive generals (the praetorian prefect Theodore and the magister militum Theoctistus in 570, and Theoctistus' successor Amabilis in 571) are recorded by John of Biclaro to have been killed by Garmul's forces. Their activities, especially when regarded together with the simultaneous Visigoth attacks in Spania, presented a clear threat to the province's authorities. Garmul was not the leader of a mere semi-nomadic tribe, but of a fully-fledged barbarian kingdom, with a standing army. Thus the new emperor, Tiberius II Constantine, re-appointed Thomas as praetorian prefect, and the able general Gennadius was posted as magister militum with the clear aim of reducing Garmul's kingdom. Preparations were lengthy and careful, but the campaign itself, launched in 577–78, was brief and effective, with Gennadius utilizing terror tactics against Garmul's subjects. Garmul was defeated and killed by 579, and the coastal corridor between Tingitana and Caesariensis secured.
Establishment of the Exarchate
Gennadius remained in Africa as magister militum for a long time (until the early 590s), and it was they who became the first exarchus of Africa, when Emperor Maurice established the exarchate in the late 580s, uniting civil and military authority in their hands. The exarchate extended over North Africa, the imperial possessions in Spain, the Balearic Islands, Sardinia, and Corsica. It prospered greatly, and under Heraclius, African forces overthrew the tyrant Phocas in 610. The exarchate was a practically autonomous entity from the 640s on, and survived until the fall of Carthage to the Muslims in 698.
List of known praefecti praetorio Africae
Archelaus (534)
Solomon (1st time, 534-536)
Symmachus (536-539)
Solomon (2nd time, 539-544)
Sergius (544-545)
Athanasius (545-548, perhaps up to 550)
Paul (c. 552)
John (c. 558)
Boëthius (560-561)
John Rogathinus (c. 563)
Thomas (1st time, 563-565)
Theodore (c. 570)
Thomas (2nd time, 574-578)
Theodore (c. 582)
References
Sources
Julien, C.A. (1931) Histoire de l'Afrique du Nord, vol. 1 - Des origines a la conquête arabe, 1961 edition, Paris: Payot
Procopius, De Bello Vandalico (BV), Volume II.
Byzantine North Africa
Africa
Roman provinces in Africa
Justinian I
Medieval Algeria
Medieval Tunisia
6th century in Africa
6th century in the Byzantine Empire
534 establishments
580s disestablishments
Matthew Joseph Merritt (April 2, 1895 New York City – September 29, 1946 Malba, Queens, NYC) was an American politician from New York.
Life
They attended the schools of New York City, and enlisted in the United States Army for World War I. as a sergeant in Company C, 327th Tank Battalion, a unit of the newly organized Tank Corps of the American Expeditionary Forces.
After the war Merritt engaged in the real estate and insurance businesses in New York City from 1926 to 1933, and served with the New York loan agency of the Reconstruction Finance Corporation in 1933 and 1934.
In 1934, 1936, 1938, 1940 and 1942, Merritt was elected at-large as a Democrat to the 74th, 75th, 76th, 77th and 78th United States Congresses, holding office from January 3, 1935, to January 3, 1945. Afterwards they resumed their work in real estate and insurance.
They were buried at the Mount St. Mary's Cemetery in Whitestone, New York.
References
1895 births
1946 deaths
Politicians from New York City
United States Army personnel of World War I
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
20th-century American politicians
William Lamb, or William Paniter alias Lamb, (c. 1493 - 1550) was a Scottish cleric, lawyer, and author.
Life
William Lamb was the son of a sister of Patrick Paniter, and a cousin of David Panter. In their early career they adopted their uncle Patrick Paniter's name. Their clerical appointments included the Prebendaries of Conveth and Croy, rectory of Kinnell, and canon of Moray. They were enrolled as Master of Arts at St Andrews University in 1520.
On 25 February 1537, James V of Scotland ordered the Court of Session to admit William to sit in daily at their proceedings to learn their legal practices. They became a Senator of the College of Justice.
Ane Resonyng
William Lamb wrote Ane Resonyng of ane Scottis and Inglis merchand betuix Rowand and Lionis in 1549. It was an answer to English propaganda published during the war of the Rough Wooing. Unlike the Complaynt of Scotland (Paris, 1549), Lamb's book was not published but survived in manuscript.
The arguments are set out as a dialogue between a Scot and an Englishmen who meet while travelling in France, with an appearance from Thomas More, John Fisher and Richard Reynolds of Sion, three English Catholic martyrs.
Footnotes
Lyall, Roderick J, ed., William Lamb - "Ane Resonyng" (Aberdeen University Press, 1985).
Scottish people of the Rough Wooing
16th-century Scottish people
16th-century Scottish writers
16th-century male writers
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
1490s births
1550 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Craspedoxantha yarivi is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Tanzania.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1999
Diptera of Africa
Lucio Blanco (July 21, 1879 – June 1922) was a Mexican military officer and revolutionary, noteworthy for their participation in the Mexican Revolution of 1910 to 1920.
Biography
Lucio Blanco was born on July 21, 1879 in Nadadores, Coahuila.  They are noted for three major accomplishments. Forces under their command accomplished the first major victory of the Constitutional forces against the Federal forces of General Victoriano Huerta's government by taking the city of Matamoros in June 1913. In August 1913, they became the first revolutionary to distribute hacienda land to the peasantry. In late 1914, they were the driving force of the moderate generals who wished to bring peace between the victorious Constitutional factions who began quarreling among themselves. Their efforts resulted in the Convention of Aguascalientes in October 1914.
Lucio Blanco was the son of Bernardo Blanco, and Maria Fuentes, prominent landowners. They attended primary school in Muzquiz, Coahuila, and secondary school in the state capital of Saltillo. They also spent several months in Texas, studying English. They finished their secondary schooling in Monterrey. At the age of twenty, they entered a private college in Torreón. They did not graduate, but returned home to manage this parent's property in Muzquiz.
Because of family connections, Blanco became a supporter of Francisco Madero, and in the decade before the revolution, helped set up political clubs of Madero supporters in Coahuila. Blanco also became a supporter of the well-known anarchist Ricardo Flores Magón, and in 1906, attempted to join a Flores Magón rebellion. They were dissuaded however, and returned home.
In 1909, they joined the Anti-Reelection Party of Francisco Madero and became active in organizing political rallies. They associated themselves with Jesús Carranza, brother of Venustiano Carranza, and when hostilities broke out in late 1910, Blanco joined the forces of Jesús Carranza. With the conclusion of hostilities in May 1911, Blanco took a position within the Ministry of Interior of the interim government. Blanco had political disagreements with the Minister of Interior, and so they left the capital and returned to Coahuila.
At this time, Venustiano Carranza was the Maderist governor of Coahuila, and they advised Blanco to join the State militia. In early 1912, General Pascual Orozco revolted against the Madero government, and Carranza mobilized the State militia to battle the Orozco forces attempting to operate in Coahuila. Despite having no military training, Blanco impressed their superiors, and by the time hostilities ended in the summer of 1912, Blanco had been promoted to captain.
In February 1913, a conservative coup d'état removed Francisco Madero as President and established General Victoriano Huerta as the new President. Governor Carranza of Coahuila elected not to support this new government, and organized a resistance. Lucio Blanco was an early supporter of this revolt, and they received a commission as colonel in the Constitutional Forces.
Initially, Governor Carranza attempted to lead their revolt in the field, but their results were not successful. Early successes in this revolt came not from forces under Carranza's direct command, but other forces in Sonora and Chihuahua. The exception was Lucio Blanco. In April 1913, Blanco had their first battlefield victory when they took the city of Aldamas, Tamaulipas, from forces loyal to Huerta. By the end of the month, they controlled a substantial portion of the country side of the state of Tamaulipas. Their most important triumph was the taking of the border city of Matamoros from federal troops on June 4, 1913, the first major victory of the Constitutionalists. Their soldiers, however, committed atrocities for which Blanco was blamed.
Carranza promoted Blanco to the rank of brigadier general for having taken the city of Matamoros, but this early glory was short lived. In July 1913, Carranza appointed Pablo González commander the new department of the Northeast, bypassing Blanco. Slighted, Blanco refused to cooperate with González, and remained in Matamoros as a military governor, in command of 1,800 soldiers, most stationed in Matamoros.
On August 30, 1913, Blanco, on their own initiative, distributed the lands of the hacienda Los Borregos, belonging to Félix Díaz, nephew of the old dictator, to the peons living on the hacienda, thus being the first to implement an agrarian reform distribution in the Revolution. For this, Emiliano Zapata wrote to him, congratulating them for their actions; this started a correspondence friendship with Zapata. Carranza, however, was disappointed with Blanco's action, and accused them of exceeding their authority. As punishment, Blanco was recalled and ordered to Sonora to serve under General Álvaro Obregón. Blanco's regiment was placed under the command of General Pablo González. This action by Carranza prevented Blanco from becoming a national hero, alongside Francisco Villa and Emiliano Zapata.
Under Obregón, Blanco was charged to organize and command the cavalry division of the Army of the Northwest. They were at the forefront of all of Obregón's victories and their principal accomplishments were the taking of the cities of Tepic and Guadalajara, the last one considered to be their greatest triumph after Matamoros.
About this time, the split between Carranza and Pancho Villa was becoming open and bitter. Villa wrote Obregón explaining their position and asking for their support. Obregón advised Villa not to quarrel with Carranza, and then wrote to Carranza saying that they would support Carranza in their quarrels with Pancho Villa. Blanco objected Obregón's position. A few days later, Obregón shocked Blanco when they said they advocated establishing a new dictatorship, stronger than that of Díaz. “After all, Díaz' only crime was growing old.”
Still, Blanco rode in alongside Obregón into Mexico City in August 1914 when Huerta and their government collapsed. The Zapatistas armies also were marching toward the capital. Blanco, being sympathetic to Zapata's land reform program, gave orders for their forces to receive them cordially. They personally greeted the Zapatistas leaders when they arrived.
During the final months of 1914, Blanco was one of the most powerful generals in Mexico City. However, both Carranza and Obregón began to doubt their loyalty, and suspected that they would defect with their army and join Pancho Villa's forces, and they fell out of favor. This was the beginning of Blanco's decline. Soon, Carranza considered them untrustworthy, and Blanco's disagreements with Obregón escalated, especially as a result of their actions during the Convention of Aguascalientes in October. The Convention attempted to establish a new government and asked Carranza to step down. When Carranza refused, the Convention participants split into two factions: the Constitutionalists headed by Carranza and Obregón, and the Conventionists, nominally headed by Eulalio Gutiérrez, but actually under the control of Villa and Zapata. Blanco elected not to follow Carranza and Obregón and instead aligned themselves with the Conventionists and Eulalio Gutiérrez. Gutiérrez, however, could not control Villa and Zapata, and so they attempted to force both of them out of their government. Blanco supported Gutiérrez, and Gutiérrez lost. Then in late January 1915, Blanco lost the support of Zapata because they refused to attack Pablo González at Querétaro. Zapata asked Villa to arrest and hold them for execution.
During the first half of 1915, Gutiérrez, Blanco and several other moderate generals attempted to govern independent of Carranza, Villa and Zapata, but the tide was against them. In June, Gutiérrez renounced all claims to the presidency and made peace with Carranza. But there was to be no forgiveness for Blanco. In September, they were captured by Obregon's forces, and tried for treason. They were found guilty of insubordination, and sentenced to five years in prison. Because of animosity between Obregón and Blanco, Blanco remained in prison while Obregón served as Secretary of War. After Obregón retired in May 1917, Carranza arranged for Blanco to be re-tried in September 1917. At this trial, they were acquitted, and after their release, they exiled themselves to Laredo, Texas.
In November 1919, Carranza recalled Blanco from Texas. Carranza was increasingly fearful that Obregón would turn against him, and they hoped that with Blanco's support, the army would remain loyal. They acted as a mediator with the Zapata forces and was instrumental in concluding a peace between the Carranza government and Gildardo Magaña, Zapata's successor. As the 1920 election approached, it became apparent that Obregón would run against Carranza's candidate. Because of the continued animosity between Blanco and Obregón, Blanco supported Carranza against Obregón.
In 1920, Obregón and their supporters overthrew the Carranza government. Blanco attempted to flee with Carranza to Veracruz, but when their way was blocked, they parted company with Carranza and fled back to Laredo, Texas. There they joined with other exiles opposed to Obregón, and published pamphlets and conspired to start an armed revolt.
Lucio Blanco was last seen alive at a party in Laredo, Texas, in June 1922. The next day, their body was found across the border in Nuevo Laredo. It is generally believed that Mexican secret agents led Blanco to believe that some officers in Nuevo Laredo were eager to have them lead them in a revolt against the Obregón government. Blanco agreed to their proposal, and they crossed the Rio Grande that evening. When they reached the Mexican shore, government agents tried to arrest Blanco. In the ensuing struggle, Blanco was killed.
The international airport in Reynosa Tamaulipas is named in their honor.
References
1879 births
1922 deaths
Mexican generals
Military personnel from Coahuila
People of the Mexican Revolution
People from Laredo, Texas
People acquitted of treason
The Most is a Beat band from Umeå, Sweden. Original members are Frans Perris (guitars and vocals), Magnus Kollberg (guitars and vocals), Mats Westin (drums) and Marcus Holmberg (bass and organ). Vinyl EPs and albums being released on their own label TMR (The Most Recordings) and on the label Ny Våg Records and later on CopaseDisques. Drawing inspiration from old Blues, Jazz, Bluegrass, 1950s-1960s Soul, 1950s-1960s R&B but also from bands like The Zombies, The Kinks, and The Who, their music has been described as re-inventing 1960s music.
History
The Most was formed by Frans Perris and Magnus Kollberg in early 2000 after different working projects, one being named Loving Nature featuring Michael Ludvigsson on drums. The Most first line up was established with the addition of bass player Marcus Holmberg from the band Komeda. In 2007, Marcus Holmberg was replaced by Inge Johansson (formerly with the band The (International) Noise Conspiracy). In 2013, Johansson was replaced by bass player Martin Claesson. The Most were spurred on to write Beat music by British Invasion creator Shel Talmy, who liked the song Bad Girl, and Chris Dreja from the Yardbirds.
The first EP Face the Future was released in 2008.
Andy Bell (Ride, Hurricane No. 1, Oasis, Beady Eye) has worked with The Most on various recordings and contributed guitars and vocals on the song Now I Feel from the second EP Moderation in Moderation (a title suggested by Andy Bell). A video for Now I Feel was made by Mattias Pettersson.
In 2009, The Most opened for The Sonics at the venue Debaser Medis in Stockholm, Sweden.
The band's third EP Resistance is Useless was released in 2010. Again Andy Bell contributed with guitar on one song, Easy When You're Down. In early 2011 a video for Little Girl was released.
Two new videos was released by The Most in early 2012. Firstly, The Action from the Face the Future EP. A few months later the band released Bad Girl from the Moderation in Moderation EP.
The Most first full-length album Auto-Destructive Art was released on May 17, 2013. A pre-release took place in Liverpool, UK with three live gigs at the famous Cavern Club for the International Pop Overthrow music festival. The first video from the album was for a song titled Spider-Man. The second video from the album became the track So Wrong. It was released in August that same year.
The song She's Nuts was released in March 2014.
At Christmas 2014 the band released the Tages (band) song Fuzzy Patterns in a psychedelic video on YouTube.
The end of 2014 also saw the light of new single Picking Up Speed. Featuring two new original songs and cover art by Ian Barrett.
A video for the song I'm Not Your Man from the Auto-Destructive Art CD is released on YouTube in March 2015.
October 2015 saw the release of a second full-length album. This time on 12” black vinyl with an accompanying CD with the 15 album tracks. Recently back from an American tour the band used the tongue-in-check title Invasion Completed for the album. Liner notes were provided by John Twink Alder, formerly with The Pretty Things.
Discography
Face the Future – 4 track 7" vinyl EP, Ny Våg 012, 2008
Moderation in Moderation – 4 track 7" vinyl EP, Ny Våg 017/TMR 0002, 2008
Resistance is Useless – 4 track 7" vinyl EP, TMR 0003, 2010
Auto-Destructive Art – Full-length album CD, TMR 004, CopaseDisques Cat no CD013, 2013
Picking Up Speed – 2 track 7" vinyl single, TMR 005, CopaseDisques Cat no SI-026, 2014
Invasion Completed – Full-length album LP + free CD, TMR 006, CopaseDisques Cat no LP-015, 2015
This Is My Town – 4 track 7" vinyl EP, TMR 007, CopaseDisques Cat no EP-035, 2017
Beat Beat Boom!!! – Full-length album LP + free CD, TMR 008, CopaseDisques Cat no LP-020, 2018
Howl / Pretty Baby - 2 track 7" vinyl single, TMR 009, CopaseDisques Cat no SI-039, 2020
Compilations
Garageland Records 20th Anniversary CD – Back in the Garage (featuring the track Sweet Magic Monday) GRCD 030, 2004
Ny Våg - Umeå Vråljazz Giganter (featuring the track Du är Punk) LP & CD, Ny Våg I20, 2009
International Pop Overthrow - volume 18 (featuring the track Turn Away) CD, PGH-37, 2015
Ghostroads - Music from the Soundtrack of the Motion Picture (featuring the track Gatecrashers) CD, Majestic Sound Records, 2017
Out Of The Garage Volume Four (featuring the track Special Girl) CD, Bongo Boy Records, 2018
Fuzzy Patterns - A Tribute To Tages (featuring the track Fuzzy Patterns) LP & CD, SEGAT Records, 2020
Albert's Home For Discerning Modernists Vol 1 (featuring the track She's Nuts) CD, Detour Records, 2020
References
External links
The Most on facebook
The Most on youtube
Swedish rock music groups
People from Umeå
Swedish garage rock groups
Musical groups established in 2000
Nitzana () may refer to:
Nitzana (Nabataean city), a city of the ancient Nabataeans located in the Negev desert in Israel
Nitzana, Israel, a communal settlement near the ruins of the Nabataean city
Nitzana Border Crossing, a border crossing between Israel and Egypt
See also
Ashdod Nitzanim Sand Dune Park
Nitzan, a communal settlement in southern Israel located among the Nitzanim sand dunes north of Ashkelon
Nitzanei Sinai, a communal settlement also known as Kadesh Barne'a after the Exodus station of that name.
The Lotos Club was founded in 1870 as a gentlemen's club in New York City; it has since also admitted women as members. Its founders were primarily a young group of writers and critics. Mark Twain, an early member, called it the "Ace of Clubs". The Club took its name from the poem "The Lotos-Eaters" by Alfred, Lord Tennyson, which was then very popular. Lotos was thought to convey an idea of rest and harmony. Two lines from the poem were selected for the Club motto:
The Lotos Club has always had a literary and artistic bent, with the result that it has accumulated a noted collection of American paintings. Its "State Dinners" (1893 menu at right below) are legendary fetes for scholars, artists and sculptors, collectors and connoisseurs, writers and journalists, and politicians and diplomats. Elaborate souvenir menus are produced for these dinners.
History
The Lotos Club's first home was at Two Irving Place, north of 14th Street near the Academy of Music and on the site of the Consolidated Edison Building. Journalist DeWitt Van Buren was the Lotos Club's first president; they were succeeded by A. Oakey Hall. Other early Club officers included Vice President F.A. Schwab, Secretary George Hows, and Treasurer Albert Weber. New York Tribune editor Whitelaw Reid was elected Club president in 1877, at which time the Lotos Club moved to 149 Fifth Avenue at 21st Street.
In 1893, the Club moved to 556-558 Fifth Avenue at 46th Street, purchasing their first clubhouse.
It was at the Lotos Club in 1906 that George Harvey, editor of Harper's Weekly, sent up their first trial balloon by proposing Woodrow Wilson for the office of President of the United States. In 1909, with financial backing from Andrew Carnegie, the clubhouse was moved to 110 West 57th Street, in a building designed by architect Donn Barber.
Frank R. Lawrence was the Club's longest serving president, from March 1889 until their death on October 26, 1918. Lawrence was succeeded as president by Chester S. Lord, who served for five years. In 1923, Columbia University president Nicholas Murray Butler was elected president of the Club.
The Club has a long history of showing the work of its artist members and has also held exhibitions of work from the collections of its members including one in 1910 that featured works by Degas, Monet, Renoir, Cassatt, and Hassam.
In October 1941 the club held a mortgage-burning ceremony to mark payment of the $389,000 owed on the West 57th Street building. But in 1945 members began considering a move to a "simpler clubhouse." The club has been housed since 1947 in a 1900 clubhouse designed by Richard Howland Hunt at 5 East 66th Street. (The building had been commissioned by Margaret Shepard as a gift for their daughter, Mrs. William Jay Schieffelin.)
In 1977, the Club amended its constitution to admit women.
Constitution
Lotos Club Medal of Merit
The Lotos Club issues a Medal of Merit; previous recipients include general David Petraeus, scientist James D. Watson, flautist Jean-Pierre Rampal, and puppeteer Bil Baird.
The Club also awards a Foundation Prize and an Award of Distinction.
Notable members
Brooke Astor
Mikhail Baryshnikov
Kathleen Battle
Andrew Carnegie
Walter P. Chrysler
Mary Higgins Clark
Samuel Clemens
George M. Cohan
Hume Cronyn
Mario Cuomo
David Dinkins
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Renee Fleming
Gilbert and Sullivan
Alan Gilbert
Solomon R. Guggenheim
William Randolph Hearst
David M. Heyman
Marilyn Horne
Leslie Howard
Alleyne Ireland
Sir Henry Irving
Joseph Koch
Angela Lansbury
Leonard Liebling
Wynton Marsalis
Margaret Mead
Burgess Meredith
Peter O'Toole
William S. Paley
Christopher Plummer
Julian Rix
Linda Saidel
Charles M. Schwab
Cyrus Ingerson Scofield
Bobby Short
Beverly Sills
Stephen Sondheim
Isaac Stern
Elaine Stritch
Susan Stroman
Moses J. Stroock
Arthur Hays Sulzberger
Jessica Tandy
J. Walter Thompson
Orson Welles
P. G. Wodehouse
Tom Wolfe
James Wolfensohn
Frank Winfield Woolworth
Andrew Wyeth
Yo-Yo Ma
James D. Watson
See also
List of American gentlemen's clubs
Notes
External links
A Brief History of the Lotus Club (1895)
Lotus Leaves: Stories, Essays and Poems (written by various Lotus members including Mark Twain); 1875, 1887
Documenting the Gilded Age: New York City Exhibitions at the Turn of the 20th Century A New York Art Resources Consortium project. Exhibition catalogs from the Lotos Club.
1870 establishments in New York (state)
Clubhouses in Manhattan
Clubs and societies in the United States
Culture of New York City
Gentlemen's clubs in New York City
Organizations established in 1870
Upper East Side
Pickpocketing is a form of larceny that involves the stealing of money or other valuables from the person or a victim's pocket without them noticing the theft at the time. It may involve considerable dexterity and a knack for misdirection. A thief who works in this manner is known as a pickpocket.
As an occupation
Pickpockets and other thieves, especially those working in teams, sometimes apply distraction, such as asking a question or bumping into the victim. These distractions sometimes require sleight of hand, speed, misdirection and other types of skills.
Pickpockets may be found in any crowded place around the world. However, Barcelona and Rome were recently singled out as being particularly dangerous pickpocket havens. Thieves have been known to operate in high traffic areas such as mass transit stations, even boarding subway trains so they can use the distractions of crowds and sudden stop-and-go movements from the train to steal from others. As soon as the thieves have what they want, they simply get off at the next stop leaving the victim unable to figure out who robbed them and when.
As entertainment
Pickpocketing skills are employed by some magicians as a form of entertainment, either by taking an item from a spectator or by returning it without them knowing they had lost it. , arguably the most famous stage pickpocket of all time, became the highest-paid European performer in circuses during the 1950s. For 60 years they were billed as "the King of Pickpockets" and encouraged their son, Charly, to follow in their cunning trade, their offspring being billed as "the Prince of Pickpockets". , a French-Tunisian illusionist, acted as technical advisor on Robert Bresson's 1959 film Pickpocket and appeared as instructor and accomplice to the main character. British entertainer James Freedman created the pickpocket sequences for the 2005 film Oliver Twist directed by Roman Polanski. American illusionist David Avadon featured pickpocketing as their trademark act for more than 30 years and promoted themselves as "a daring pickpocket with dashing finesse" and "the country's premier exhibition pickpocket, one of the few masters in the world of this underground art." According to Thomas Blacke, an American illusionist who holds several world records, it has become more difficult nowadays to pickpocket both in the streets and on the stage because the general population wears less, or lighter, clothing. In 2015 an artist hired a pickpocket to distribute sculptures at Frieze Art Fair in New York.
Methods
Pickpocketing often requires different levels of skill, relying on a mixture of sleight of hand and misdirection. To get the proper misdirect or distraction, pickpockets will normally use the distracting environment that crowds offer or create situations using accomplices. Pickpocketing still thrives in Europe and other countries that are high in tourism. It's most common in areas with large crowds. Sometimes pickpockets put signs up that warn tourist to watch for pickpockets. This causes people to worry and quickly check if their valuables are still on them, ergo showing pickpockets exactly where their valuables are. Once a pickpocket finds a person they want to steal from, often called a "mark" or a victim, the pickpocket will then create or look for an opportunity to steal.
The most common methods used by modern-day pickpockets are:
Driving by and snatching a passerby's items. This method is common in cities like London where mopeds are a common way to travel.
Offering to help someone with their luggage, then proceeding to disappear in a crowded area. This method works well because it gives the victim a false sense of trust with the pickpocketer.
The next technique involves a team of three or more people and a crowded area. After finding their mark, two of the pickpockets slow down while walking in front of their mark appearing as a lost couple. Meanwhile, the mark is stuck behind them and their accomplice goes through the mark's bag unnoticed.
Using large crowds where there is a small doorway, like that in trains, forcing the crowd to squeeze together to get through. A pickpocket uses this opportunity to stick their hands into peoples' pockets and go unnoticed.
Using a stooge, a fake couple, or group goes up and ask the mark for help. For example, it can be to take their photo, hold their bag, or just simply asking for directions and getting them to hold a map. As this is happening their partner is going through the mark's bags while they are distracted helping.
Using a child to pickpocket or as a distraction is common in many countries.
The bump is the most famous of all the ways and is often used in movies. It is where the pickpocket bumps into the mark inconspicuously, allowing them to access the mark's pockets. The bump usually requires expert sleight of hand.
Another common technique is so-called the "slash and grab"; the pickpocket cuts a purse or bag strap without the mark's knowledge and makes off with the bag. They can then take the contents and leave behind the bag and any form of identification in the trash or a back alley.
Famous pickpockets
Famous fictional pickpockets include the Artful Dodger and Fagin, characters from the Charles Dickens' novel Oliver Twist. Famous true-life historical pickpockets include the Irish prostitute Chicago May, who was profiled in books; Mary Frith, nicknamed Moll Cutpurse; the Gubbins band of highwaymen; and Cutting Ball, a notorious Elizabethan thief. George Barrington's escapades, arrests, and trials, were widely chronicled in the late 18th-century London press.
Pickpocketing in the 17th and 18th centuries
The 17th and 18th centuries saw a significant number of men and women pickpockets, operating in public and/or private places and stealing different types of items. Some of those pickpockets were caught and prosecuted for their theft, however, in most cases, they managed to avoid punishment (whether they were skilful enough not to get caught or they were acquitted in Court). Although we refer to them as "pickpockets" today, this is not necessarily how they were called in the 17th century: they were sometimes referred to as "cut-purses", as can be seen in some 17th-century ballads.
At the time, pockets were not yet sewn to clothes, as they are today. This means that pockets were a little purse that people wore close to their body. This was especially true for women, since men's pockets were sewn "into the linings of their coats". Women's pockets were worn beneath a piece of clothing, and not "as opposed to pouches or bags hanging outside their clothes". These external pockets were still in fashion until the mid-19th century.
Gender
Pickpocketing in the 18th century was committed by both men and women (looking at prosecuted cases of pickpocketing, it appears that there were more female defendants than male.) Along with shoplifting, pickpocketing was the only type of crime committed by more women than men. It seems that in the 18th century, most pickpockets stole out of economic needs: they were often poor and did not have any economic support, and unemployment was "the single most important cause of poverty", leading the most needy ones to pick pockets.
In most cases, pickpockets operated depending on the opportunities they got: if they saw someone wearing a silver watch or with a handkerchief bulging out of their pocket, the pickpockets took the item. This means that the theft was, in such cases, not premeditated. However, some pickpockets did work as a gang, in which cases they planned thefts, even though they could not be sure of what they would get (Defoe's Moll Flanders gives several examples of how pickpockets worked as a team or on their own, when the eponymous character becomes a thief out of need).
The prosecutions against pickpockets at the Old Bailey between 1780 and 1808 show that male pickpockets were somewhat younger than female ones: 72% of men pickpockets convicted at the time were aged from under 20 to 30, while 72% of women convicted of picking pockets were aged between 20 and 40. One reason that may explain why women pickpockets were older is that most of the women pickpockets were prostitutes (this explains why very few women under 20 years old were convicted for picking pockets). At the end of the 18th century, 76% of women defendants were prostitutes, and as a result, the victims of pickpockets were more often men than women.
In most cases, these prostitutes would lay with men (who were frequently drunk), and take advantage of the situation to steal from these clients. Men who were robbed by prostitutes often chose not to prosecute the pickpockets, since they would have had to acknowledge their "immoral behaviour". The few men who decided to prosecute prostitutes for picking their pockets were often mocked in Court, and very few prostitutes ended up being declared fully guilty.
The men who were prosecuted for picking pockets and who were under 20 years old were often children working in gangs, under the authority of an adult who trained them to steal. The children involved in these gangs were orphans (either because of having been abandoned or because their parents had died), and the whole relationship they had with the adult ruling the gang and the other children was that of a "surrogate family". Charles Dickens' Oliver Twist provides a good example of how orphans were recruited and turned into street criminals.
Methods of operation and targets
Male and female pickpockets tended to operate in different locations: 80% of men operated in public areas while 78% of women operated in private places. This can be explained by the fact that most female pickpockets were prostitutes, robbing their victims in their lodging after having lain with them. Male pickpockets, on the other hand, tended to operate in public places because they did not have the opportunity that prostitutes had.
The fact that men and women did not operate in the same places led to them stealing different types of items: men stole mostly handkerchiefs, because they were one of the easiest items to take from someone without them noticing it. Women tended to steal watches (some pickpockets also stole watches in public places, but it was more difficult) and bags with money in them. When defending themselves in court, prostitutes often argued that the money had been a gift from the victim and managed to be acquitted, as the men prosecuting them were often drunk at the time of the theft and were not taken seriously by the court.
Prosecution
In the eyes of British law, pickpocketing was considered a capital offence from 1565 on: this meant that it was punishable by hanging. However, for the crime to be considered as a capital offence, the stolen item had to be worth more than 12 pennies, otherwise it was considered to be petty larceny, which meant that the thief would not be hanged. The 18th century law also stated that only the thief could be prosecuted—any accomplice or receiver of the stolen item could not be found guilty of the crime: "This meant that, if two people were indicted together, and there was not clear proof as to which one made the final act of taking, neither should be found guilty".
Moreover, in order to be able to prosecute someone for pickpocketing, the victim of the theft had to not be aware that they were being robbed. In 1782, a case at the Old Bailey made it clear that this was supposed to prevent people who had been robbed while they were drunk from prosecuting the defendant (in most of the cases that meant men who had been robbed by prostitutes): The victims of pickpockets who were drunk at the time of the theft were considered to be partially responsible for being robbed.
Even though pickpockets were supposed to be hanged for their crime, this punishment, in fact, rarely happened: 61% of women accused of picking pockets were acquitted and those who were not acquitted often managed to escape the capital sentence, as only 6% of defendants accused of pickpocketing between 1780 and 1808 were hanged.
In the cases of prostitutes being accused of having pickpocketed male prosecutors, the jury's verdict was very often more favourable to the woman defendant than to the man prosecuting them Men who had been laying with prostitutes were frowned upon by the court. One of the reasons was that they had chosen to take off their clothes, they were also drunk most of the time, so they were considered responsible for being robbed. The other reason is that it was considered bad for a man to mix with a prostitute, which is why in many cases there was no prosecution: the victim was too ashamed of admitting that they had been with a prostitute.
In those cases, since the jury was often inclined to despise the prosecutor and to side with the defendant, when they did not completely acquit the woman they often reached a partial verdict and this mostly meant transportation to America (that is the case for Moll Flanders), and to Australia later on.
See also
School of Seven Bells – musical group named after a mythical pickpocket academy
Blackguard Children – usually poor or homeless orphans who made a living through begging and pickpocketing
References
Further reading
– about the history of theatrical pickpocketing.
External links
How Pickpockets Work (How Stuff Works)
Ultimate Guide to Avoiding Pickpockets
Crimes
Illegal occupations
Property crimes
Der Keneder Adler () was Canada's leading Yiddish newspaper from 1907 until 1977. Founded in Montreal by Hirsch Wolofsky, the Adler underpinned Yiddish cultural activity in the city for much of the 20th century.
History
After losing their fruit store on St. Lawrence Boulevard to a fire, Hirsch Wolofsky founded the Eagle Publishing Company with the insurance money salvaged from the disaster. Within a month, the publishing company had established functional offices and housed Canada's first Yiddish linotype machine. The Keneder Adler published its first issue on 30 August 1907. While newspaper's status was precarious during its early years, appearing only biweekly after the fourth edition, the Adler began publishing daily as of October 1908.
The paper was funded by Mortimer B. Davis when it struggled again financially during the First World War. The Adler would have to pay Davis off after they sought to control the Keneder Adler'''s editorial policy. In 1918, the Adler published its edition of the Babylonian Talmud, which became known as the Montrealer Shas ('The Montreal Talmud') and raised the newspaper's prestige.
The Adler served as a literary forum for Montreal's emerging Yiddish intelligentsia, as both a promoter of Yiddish literature and culture (through the efforts of J. I. Segal, in particular) and as a book publisher and distributor. A. A. Roback served as editor of Der Keneder Adler from 1908 to 1912, and Reuben Brainin as editor from 1912 to 1915, before departing for New York after a disagreement with Wolofsky. A. M. Klein maintained close ties with the paper, and authored the Adler's English page from 1938 to 1941. Israel Medres's regular columns, "Di vokh in kanade" ('This Week in Canada') and "Bilder in gerikht-zal" ('Pictures in a Courtroom'), presented readers with accessible discussions of contemporary political and legal matters.
After Wolofksy's death in 1949, the Adler'' was run by their son Max. The newspaper ceased publication in 1977, after unsuccessful reincarnations as a weekly and as a bilingual English–Yiddish publication.
Notes
References
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in Montreal
Yiddish newspapers
Jewish newspapers published in Canada
Publications established in 1907
Defunct newspapers published in Quebec
Newspapers published in Montreal
Publications disestablished in 1988
Jews and Judaism in Montreal
1907 establishments in Quebec
1988 disestablishments in Quebec
Yiddish culture in Canada
Never So Live is the third EP by Australian hard rock band the Angels, released in 1981. The EP peaked at number 17 on the Kent Music Report.
Track listing
Personnel
John Brewster – rhythm guitar, vocals
Rick Brewster – lead guitar, vocals
Doc Neeson – lead vocals
Chris Bailey – bass, vocals
Brent Eccles – drums
Charts
References
The Angels (Australian band) albums
Epic Records live albums
Epic Records EPs
1981 EPs
1981 live albums
EPs by Australian artists
Live albums by Australian artists
Live EPs
Susanne Dessoir, née Susanne Triepel (23 July 1869 – 24 June 1953) was a German operatic soprano.
Life
Born in Zielona Góra, Silesia, Dessoir was a student of Amalie Joachim and Etelka Gerster. They performed mainly as a song and oratorio singer.
In 1899 they married the well-known psychologist and philosopher Max Dessoir. At least until 1912, they continued to perform as a concert singer. After their withdrawal from the stage they became involved with young artists, mainly composers (Max Reger for example).
In 1912, together with Bruno Hinze-Reinhold, they published the so-called Dessoir albums, collections of folk and children's songs as well as songs from the time before Schubert. These were reissued after the Second World War.
Dessoir died in Königstein im Taunus at the age of 83.
References
External links
Biographische Informationen zum Ehepaar Dessoir aus Anlass des 60. Todestages von Max Dessoir
German operatic sopranos
1869 births
1953 deaths
People from Zielona Góra
Lomonosov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Lomonosova (). It may refer to
Mikhail Lomonosov (1711–1765), Russian polymath and writer
Sergey Lomonosov (1799–1857), Russian diplomat
Yury Lomonosov (1876–1952), Russian railway engineer
Russian-language surnames
Comandante FAP Germán Arias Graziani Airport is a regional airport serving the city of Huaraz, Ancash Region, Peru. The airport is in the Santa River valley, northwest of Huaraz, at the village of Anta. It is currently not served by any airline due to the suspension of the scheduled airline, LC Perú. It receives many private and charter flights. It does not receive large aircraft due to high terrain in all quadrants.
The Anta-Huaraz non-directional beacon (Ident: ATA) is located on the field.
See also
Transport in Peru
List of airports in Peru
References
External links
OurAirports - Anta
SkyVector Aeronautical Charts
OpenStreetMap - Anta
Airports in Peru
Buildings and structures in Ancash Region
An earthquake devastated this area on May 31, 1970 and the USAF sent crews down to help with the recovery. Two USAF Combat Controllers were deployed to Anta, in the mountains, to convert an existing dirt roadway into a runway. During the week or so that they were constructing the runway, supplies were airdropped in for the people in the region. After about a week, aircraft were able to land with supplies and leave with injured.
Helcystogramma octophora is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1918. It is found in South Africa.
The wingspan is 11–12 mm. The forewings are shining leaden grey with an irregular outwards-oblique orange fascia from the base of the dorsum, not reaching the costa. There is a deep bronzy blackish-edged transverse blotch from the dorsum somewhat before the middle, the broadest on the dorsum, reaching three-fourths of the way across the wing, the apex rounded and margined by a crescentic orange streak. There is also an 8-shaped orange patch filled up with fuscous, entirely crossing the wing beyond the middle from the costa to the dorsum, edged with blackish. There is also a rather curved orange line from four-fifths of the costa to just before the tornus, strongly indented in the middle, edged anteriorly with irregular black scales and posteriorly with blackish suffusion. There is also a black basal line, which is light grey beneath tornus. The hindwings are grey.
References
Endemic moths of South Africa
Moths described in 1918
octophora
Moths of Africa
The was a railway line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) within Izumo, Shimane, Japan. The line closed on April 1, 1990.
History
The line was opened by the Japanese Government Railways in 1912. Freight services ceased in 1974, and the line was closed in 1990.
The former Taisha Station has been preserved and now serves as a museum. It was certified as an Important Cultural Property in 2004. It is the only remaining station of the former JR Taisha Line, the other two having been demolished and built over since the closure of the line.
Stations
See also
Izumo Taisha-mae Station
List of railway lines in Japan
References
This article incorporates material from the corresponding article in the Japanese Wikipedia
Rail transport in Shimane Prefecture
Lines of West Japan Railway Company
Defunct railroads
Railway lines closed in 1990
Linzi Stoppard (born 1979) is a British electric violinist.
Biography
Stoppard started taking violin lessons at the age of four. They grew up in Surrey, and was trained under the Suzuki method.
At the age of eighteen, Linzi Stoppard signed their first modelling contract, while still teaching and playing session violin. is currently signed to Models 1.
At nineteen, they were spotted by the music producers Oliver Adams and Praga Khan during a violin session. This resulted in their fronting Tattoo of Pain, an American heavy metal group. Linzi Stoppard then formed a duo called Babe Instinct, for which they provided the vocals. Later, they went back to electric violin and gave several performances.
In June 2004, they married Will Stoppard, son of Tom Stoppard and Dr. Miriam Stoppard. In 2006, the director Stephen L'Heureux offered them a cameo role in their next film, after they saw them performing at the Cannes Film Festival.
At the end of 2007 Linzi joined Ben Lee to form a heavy-metal duo known as 'FUSE'. FUSE has performed at several events, including C Music TV's European launch event at the 2008 Cannes Television festival and the 2009 British Red Cross International Fundraising Committee Gala Ball.
In 2009, FUSE signed a record deal with Edel AG Records, releasing their debut album "FUSE" the following year. The album released, in 2010, features a version of Coldplay's Fix You.
FUSE are also keen educators and were interviewed in the "European String Teachers Association" magazine in the summer of 2010.
In September 2010, Linzi held Fashion for the Brave in London for Help for Heroes, the Household Cavalry Operational Casualties Fund, and ABF – The Soldiers Charity.
In a collaboration with society jeweller Theo Fennell, Ben Lee & Linzi Stoppard created the world's first 24-carat gold plated electric violins encrusted with diamonds, sapphires and rubies.
See also
Electric violin
References
External links
Linzi Stoppard official website
FUSE official website
Living people
British violinists
Musicians from Surrey
1979 births
21st-century violinists
Stoppard family
Electric violinists
Women violinists
21st-century British musicians
21st-century British women musicians
Paul Youssef Matar (born 1 February 1941 in Naameh, Lebanon) was the former Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut. The archeparchial seat is the city of Beirut, at the Saint George Cathedral.
Life
Paul Youssef Matar was born on February 1, 1941 in the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Na'ameh, located in the historic Chouf Region.
On 5 June 1965 at the age of 24, Matar was ordained to the priesthood. Their appointment as auxiliary bishop of the Maronite Patriarchate of Antioch was on 7 June 1991 as their appointment as Titular bishop of Tarsus dei Maroniti. Their ordination to the episcopate took place on 3 August 1991 by the hands of the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir, and their co-consecrators were Roland Aboujaoudé, Auxiliary Bishop of Antioch, and Boutros Gemayel, Archeparch of Cyprus. On June 8, 1996 at the age of 55 years, Paul Youssef Matar was appointed archbishop of the Archeparchy of Beirut.
Archbishop Paul Youssef Matar was the main co-consecrator of some Maronite bishops: Youssef Anis Abi-Aad, Samir Nassar, Edgard Madi, Michel Aoun, Moussa El-Hage, Georges Chihane, Paul Rouhana, Maroun Ammar, Joseph Emile Mouawad, Anthony Tarabay and Paul Abdel Sater.
 They are chancellor of Collège de la Sagesse and Université La Sagesse in Beirut as they both fall under the jurisdiction of Maronite Beirut Archeparchy.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bmatarpy.html
1941 births
Lebanese clergy
21st-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Living people
People from Mount Lebanon Governorate
20th-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Thomas Lee Jones (June 22, 1931 – August 28, 1978) was an American and Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders and Toronto Argonauts. They won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960. They played college football at Kentucky State University and Miami University and was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the 1954 NFL draft (Round 9, #108 overall). They played 2 games for them in 1955.
References
1931 births
1978 deaths
American football defensive tackles
Canadian football defensive linemen
American players of Canadian football
Kentucky State Thorobreds football players
Miami RedHawks football players
Cleveland Browns players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Toronto Argonauts players
Players of American football from Cincinnati
Players of Canadian football from Cincinnati
(3 January 1934 – 15 February 2021) was a Japanese painter. They were born in Okayama, Japan, but was based in France.
Life and career
1956 Bachelor's degree in Physics. Okayama University, Japan.
1963 Arrived in France from Japan. Beaux-Arts, Paris.
Professor Brianchon studio, followed by Professor Mattey.
1971 Gold Medal for watercolours. Le Salon Salon des Artistes Français.
1974 Gold Medal for oil painting. Member Hors Concours (HC) Le Salon Salon des Artistes Français.
1975 Award of the President of the French Republic, International Art Exhibition, Toulon, President of jury Edouard Pignon, France.
1991 Charles Cottet Prize. National Exhibition of Fine Arts, France.
1994 Navy Blue Ribbon Medal by Japanese Government.
1998 Second Navy Blue Ribbon Medal by Japanese Government.
2000 Gold Medal for engraving. Grimaldi Castle and Museum, France.
2002 Puvis de Chavanne Prize. National Exhibition of Fine Arts, France.
2002 Honor Medal of the Japanese Minister of Foreign Affairs.
2005 Order of the Rising Sun, gold rays with rosette, Japan.
2006 Who's Who Prize. Le Salon, Art en Capital, Grand Palais, France.
2011 Award of picture 2011, Salon d'automne, France.
2014 Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters, France.
2014 VERDAGUER's Prize of the painting 2014 of the Institut de France by Académie des beaux-arts, France.
2019 Medal of Honor by Mayor of Paris 15th, France.
Public exhibitions in France
1978–1979: "My Paris" Carnavalet Museum of the City Paris.
1986: "AKAGI - Paris Architecture" College Students' Youth Club.
1993: "Akagi's Paris" Étoile Mitsukoshi Space (an event for the 10th anniversary of the two towns' friendship: Paris–Tokyo)
1998: "Akagi's Paris " Trocadéro Library.
2002: "Akagi – From the country of the rising sun to eastern Paris" (Town hall of Paris 20th district)
2002: "Invited artist for the year's retrospective" (with Kisling) Independents' Salon.
2004: "Akagi, 40 years in Paris, 1963–2003" Paris-Museum, Archaeological Crypt.
2008: "France Japan: one century and half cross-looks, Mathurin Méheut, Kojiro Akagi " Town hall of Paris 9th district and, in parallel, at the House of Brittany.
2009: "Kojiro Akagi known and unknown" Town hall of Paris 5th district.
2012: "Akagi Exhibition, Yôkoso! Paris" Town halls of Paris 5th and 8th districts.
2015: "Akagi at the Pyramide of Saint-Amand-Montround city" Saint-Amand-Montround.
2016: "Akagi - one hundred views of Paris" Castle and Garden of Villandry, Loire France.
2019: "85years Mr AKAGI" Town hall of Paris 15th.
Associations
1963 Member of the Japanese Artists Association, Japan.
1968 Member of Salon des Independents, France.
1970 Member of Salon d'Automne, France.
1970 Associate member of French Artist society (outside competition member since 1974)
1973 Member of Salon National des Beaux-Arts, France.
1982 Committee Member Salon International des Beaux-Arts, France.
2002 Honorary vice-president Salon National des Beaux-Arts, France.
Museum collections
1975 Toulon City Museum, France
1979–1981, 1987, 1991–1993, 2013 Carnavalet Museum of Paris (128 works of art: 3 oil paintings and 125 watercolors), France.
1981–2013 Cernuschi Museum, Paris, (1 painting, 1 engraving), France.
1981–2002 MOA Museum of Atami (2 oil paintings and 1 watercolor), Japan.
1991 Vatican Museum, Department of religious modern arts, Italy
1993 Royal Ueno Museum, Tokyo (1 oil painting). Culture Prefectural Kyoto Museum City of Kyoto (1 oil painting), Japan.
1993–1998 Prefectural Museum of Okayama (5 oil paintings, 2 watercolors and 53 illustrations of Sany Newspaper), Japan.
1993–2005 Kurashiki City Modern Museum (3 oil paintings), Japan.
1998–2009 WAKO Museum, Kasaoka (3 oil paintings), Japan.
2000 Grimaldi Castle and Museum (2 silk-screens), France.
2001 Nariwa City Museum (1 watercolor), Japan.
2002–2014 Grez-sur-Loing City Museum (1 oil painting and 2 watercolors), France.
2003–2005 Patricia Clark Museum (1 oil painting, 2 watercolors), Iowa, USA.
2014 Toulouse-Lautrec Museum of Albi (1 watercolor), France.
Collectives collections
1971–1973 French State (2 oil paintings), France.
1983 Saidaiji High School (1 oil painting) Okayama, Japan.
1986 Foyer des Lycennes (1 oil painting) Paris, France.
1993 Okayama City Hall (1 oil painting), Japan.
1996-2006 Embassy of Japan (1 oil painting and 2 watercolors), France.
1997 Sanyo High School for Girls, Okayama (1 oil painting and 2 engravings), Japan.
1998 Trocadero Library, Paris (1 engraving) France.
2000 Okayama University (1 engraving), Japan.
1975–2010 National Library, Paris (collection engraving), France.
2011 Japanese cultural center in Paris (1 oil painting) Paris, France.
2014 Prefecture of Okayama (1 oil painting), Okayama, Japan.
2018 Maison franco-japonais (1 oil painting), Ebisu,Tokyo, Japan.
2019 Town Hall of Paris 15th (1 oil painting), France.
References
External links
Japanese painters
1934 births
2021 deaths
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun, 4th class
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
People from Okayama
Place of death missing
Artists from Okayama Prefecture
Batticaloa District ( Maṭṭakkaḷappu Māvaṭṭam; maḍakalapūva distrikkaya) is one of the 25 districts of Sri Lanka, the second level administrative division of the country. The district is administered by a District Secretariat headed by a District Secretary (previously known as a Government Agent) appointed by the central government of Sri Lanka. The capital of the district is the city of Batticaloa. Ampara District was carved out of the southern part of Batticaloa District in April 1961.
Geography
Batticaloa District is located in the east of Sri Lanka in the Eastern Province. It has an area of .
Administrative units
Batticaloa District is divided into 14 Divisional Secretary's Division (DS Divisions), each headed by a Divisional Secretary (previously known as an Assistant Government Agent). The DS Divisions are further sub-divided into 346 Grama Niladhari Divisions (GN Divisions).
Demographics
Population
Batticaloa District's population was 525,142 in 2012. The population of the district mostly Sri Lankan Tamil.
The population of the district, like the rest of the east and north, was affected by the civil war. The war killed an estimated 100,000 people. Several hundred thousand Sri Lankan Tamils, possibly as much as one million, emigrated to the West during the war. Many Sri Lankan Tamils also moved to the relative safety of the capital Colombo. The war also caused many people from all ethnic and religious groups who lived in the district to flee to other parts of Sri Lanka, though most of them have returned to the district since the end of the civil war.
Ethnicity
Religion
Politics and government
Local government
Batticaloa District has 12 local authorities of which one is a Municipal Council, two are Urban Councils and the remaining nine are Divisional Councils (Pradesha Sabhai or Pradeshiya Sabha).
Notes
References
External links
Batticaloa District Secretariat
Districts of Sri Lanka
The Acadia Students' Union represents the undergraduate students at Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, Canada. They are a member of the Canadian Alliance of Students Associations (CASA) and StudentsNS (formerly ANSSA).
History
The Acadia Students' Union is a not-for-profit student organization that provides services, events, societies and advocacy work to the students of Acadia University. Founded in 1967, it is an organization led by students in order to provide services and events to the students at Acadia. It consists of over 80 employees and many more volunteers.
The ASU offers many Student Services to help Acadia students have a worthwhile university experience. These services include Off-Campus Housing Assistance, the Safety and Security Shuttle (which helps students get from place to place around campus and off in the evenings) and the Health and Dental Plan. The ASU also hosts the clubs that operate through the ASU, as well as the Internal Organizations like the student-led campus newspaper, The Athenaeum; the campus radio station, Axe Radio; and the Environment and Sustainability Office (AESO). Cajun's, the Union operated clothing store is also owned and operated by the ASU with the proceeds from these sales going directly back to the students.
Students' Union Building
The Acadia Students' Union operates out of the Students' Union Building (SUB) located on Highland Avenue in Wolfville, Nova Scotia. This location, central to the Acadia University campus, is owned and operated by the union.
Inside the building is located several ASU run services as well as offices for the ASU Executive, all of the Internal Organizations, and the university office of Residence Life. The services provided inside the Students' Union Building are the Union Market convenience store, Perkin's Cafe (named after the 12th President of Acadia University), Cajuns Clothing Store, the Axe Lounge, and the Sexual Health Resource Centre. The building also includes an Information Desk which offers postal services, bus tickets, and dry cleaning.
The Axe Lounge, which is the only on-campus bar for students, is set to undergo renovations over the summer of 2016. It was last renovated in 2014 in a joint fundraising effort between the ASU and the 2014 Grad Class to help make the Students' Union Building more accessible (the lounge previously could not be accessed by anyone in a wheelchair). This second renovation is set to be much more ambitious and could cost upwards of two million dollars to complete. The renovation was decided by referendum during the 2016 ASU General Election which it passed. Construction is set to begin during April 2016. The goal is to help offset these costs through an increase in union fees. On the cost per student, The Athenaeum reported "Part of this cost will be incurred through ASU student union dues, at a rate of fifteen dollars per student per semester for the first five years of operation, and then changing to a total of twenty-five dollars per semester per student."
The new Axe Lounge will aim to be a student hub with extended hours during the day and bolstered services. The kitchen which currently operates through The Axe Handle grill will be moved into the lounge and will offer a full menu during the day and increased employment opportunities for students.
Students' Representative Council
The Students' Representative Council (SRC) is the governing body of the Acadia Students' Union. As such, the legislative authority of the organization and its power are governed by the ASU Constitution and By-Laws. The SRC is made up of elected and appointed members from all areas of the Acadia community. These include the Students' Union Executive, the Office of the Chairperson, a Diversity & Inclusion Representative, Board of Governors Representative, Faculty Representatives, and Councillors.
The Office of the Chairperson is responsible for the effective and efficient execution of all Council and Committee meetings and ensuring that the student body is kept apprised of any important Council decisions and opportunities to get involved. The Chairperson for the 2017/2018 academic year is Oliver Jacob.
While the SRC makes overarching policy decisions for the Union, the ASU executive is tasked with its day-to-day governance and is made up of five members detailed below.
President of the Union
The primary function of the president of the ASU is to oversee the actions of their executive and to serve as the public face of the union. As such, they serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the union and are "responsible to the S.R.C. for efficient and proper administration of the Union"
The position of ASU President for the 2021-2022 academic year is held by Matthew Stanbrook, who also holds the position of Vice-Chair for Students Nova Scotia. Matthew is in their fifth year of a double major in Biology and History.
Vice President Events and Promotions
The Vice President Communications within the ASU are responsible for all advertising and promotion of union events within the university. They are the official press liaison of the union and as such have to prepare an effective communication strategy at the beginning of each academic year. They are also responsible for overseeing all clubs and societies within the ASU with the exception of Internal Organizations.
The position of ASU Vice President Events and Promotions for the 2021-2022 academic year is held by Tanvi Dabas, who also holds the position of Vice President of Communications for the Canadian Atlantic Foodservice Partners. Tanvi is an International Student Ambassador and in their fourth year double major in Psychology and Nutrition.
Vice President Student Life
The Vice President Programming is responsible for coordinating ASU sanctioned events on campus. These include Welcome Week ("Frosh Week"), Winter Carnival, the Student Leadership Awards, and "Other Union events or activities as determined by the Executive or by Council." The VPP is also in charge of liaisons between the ASU and all internal organizations as well as the coordinator of the House Council System.
The position of ASU Vice President Programming for the 2021-2022 academic year is held by Georgia Saleski, who also holds the position of Graduating Class Representative for the Acadia Kinesiology Society. Georgia is in their fourth them of a Kinesiology major.
Vice President Academic & External
The ASU Vice President Academic serves the ASU in Academic matters and acts "as a liaison between the Union and the offices of the University Vice President Academic, the Registrar, Admissions, Student Accounts, Financial Aid, Career Services, the Learning Commons, and the Student Resource Centre". They also represent the union as the Acadia delegate for external lobbying organizations. The Vice President Academic from Acadia during 2012-2013, Kyle Power, served as chairperson of StudentsNS as part of filling these duties.
The position of ASU Vice President Academic for the 2021-2022 academic year is held by Megan Cyr, who is a previous House Council Executive for Cutten House. Megan is in their fourth them of a double major in Community Development and Environmental Sustainability Studies.
Vice President Finance and Operation
The Vice President Finance is responsible for the supervision of all funds that are held by the ASU and manage the accounts of students association and House Councils to ensure they are in good order. In addition, they must monitor all expenditure and revenue streamline within the union and approve all purchases made by members of the Acadia Students' Union. This position also requires contacting a number of business owners based on the sponsorship with the ASU, ensure they recognize us as value provides.
The position of ASU Vice President, Finance and Operation for the 2021-2022 academic year is held by Fumiya Kanai, a fourth-year business technology management student. They were Vice President, Finance at Acadia Medical Campus Response Team through the 2020-2021 year, while being licensed as Medical First Responder.
Former ASU Executive Teams
In 2011, the ASU reconfigured the makeup of the ASU Executive. The end result was a new, five member executive designed to be more effective at governing the ASU.
The ASU also enacted further updates to position titles and descriptions in late 2016. Each executive team since that reconfiguration can be found in the table below.
Internal Organizations
After a review of Internal Organizations in 2014, the Acadia Students' Union offers ten official Internal Organizations that receive funding from the ASU Budget. These organizations are beholden to more restrictions than other ratified clubs and societies and have been deemed to produce a service to students at Acadia.
Acadia Graduate Students' Society
The Acadia Graduate Students (AGS) is an Internal Organization committed to advocating for graduate student concerns at Acadia. AGS is composed of the President and a faculty representative from Arts, Science and Professional Studies. The association also has counsellors at large, who can be involved but not as voting members. AGS also serves the graduate students at Acadia by striving to aid in the provision of a positive recreational and academic environment.
High turnover of graduate students due to program completion leaves AGS in the hands of each successive graduate student body. With the support of the ASU, the AGS Executive and council determine the year's focus and activities.
Axe Radio
The online radio station serves to benefit Acadia University, Acadia's students, and the community of Wolfville by strengthening communication between Acadia and the community of Wolfville as well as inter-student communication. The radio strives to provide a supplemental outlet for free artistic, cultural, and socio-political expression, entertainment, and discussion of controversial material within quality, thought-provoking programming in a manner conducive to free thought and open debate.
The radio can be tuned-in to online from anywhere on or off campus, or heard in the Students' Union Building. Any campus or community member is invited to create their own show or help out at any time during the year.
Community Outreach Acadia
Community Outreach Acadia is a growing internal organization created and guided by students seeking to make positive and sustainable changes in the Acadia community. The club aims to engage Acadia students within Wolfville by presenting a wide spectrum of volunteer opportunities for students. Some of their initiatives include; Neighbours-Helping-Neighbours, Meal Exchange, and youth centred development programs.
Acadia Environment and Sustainability Office (AESO)
The AESO aims to provide an avenue through which students with an interest in environmental issues can learn and grow, as well as educate and reach out to Acadia students, faculty, staff, and the broader Wolfville community. Past projects include: Enviro-Week, Homemade facials night, and The Project Green Challenge.
The Athenaeum
The Athenaeum has served as Acadia's official student newspaper since 1874. Each week it can be found all across campus, which means it's one of the most efficient and anticipated tools for informing the student body. The Athenaeum is also a member of the Canadian University Press (CUP) and adheres to the Charter of Rights and Responsibilities of CUP.
The Athenaeum is created by and for, members of the Acadia Community. The paper strives to provide fair and unbiased commentary on major issues and events in and around Acadia; this includes student events on campus, University events, and happenings in the greater Wolfville area.
The Axe Yearbook
Every year, the ASU publishes The Axe Yearbook which serves as the official record for the past year of life at Acadia. Candid shots of students, events, residences, clubs, as well as grad photos are all a part of the book as a means to record the year. All students are encouraged to submit some of their favourite pictures for publication in the book. The Axe is available for pickup from the Information Desk when it is published in the Fall of the following school year.
Acadia Pride
Acadia Pride is aimed at providing an outlet for lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans-gendered, two-spirited, and queer (LGBT2IQ) individuals, as well as friends, and allies.
The group provides support for students, staff, and faculty dealing with issues related to sexual orientation and gender identity. Pride also aims to build a community within Acadia University, and promote its many goals including creating awareness of issues surrounding sexual orientation and promoting an open and safe atmosphere at Acadia University by breaking down the walls of homophobia, trans-phobia and other related issues.
Centre for Global Education
The Centre for Global Education (CGE) was founded in 2007 by Acadia students. The CGE seeks to facilitate and promote dialogue between various cultures at Acadia through hosting cultural events and activities. These dialogues seek to increase inclusiveness, and awareness of different cultures within Acadia and the community of Wolfville.
Mental Health Initiative
It is the hope of the Acadia Mental Health Initiative to improve the lives of those affected by mental illness. With specific attention to Acadia students, the society strives to do this in a variety of ways empowering students to get involved in ways that are meaningful to them. Most importantly, the combination of all the activities held by the MHS as a whole and its presence on campus have made Acadia a safer place to talk about mental health.
Acadia Women's Centre
The Women's Centre is a feminist organization.
Student Association Memberships
The ASU is an active member of the Canadian Alliance of Student Associations (CASA) and StudentsNS formerly the Alliance of Nova Scotia Student Associations).
References
External links
University Site
Students' associations in Canada
Students' Union
Jobst Kuch (26 October 1902 – 23 May 1963) was a German painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1902 births
1963 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Nuremberg
TOL-463 is an anti-infective medication which is under development for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis (BV) and vulvovaginal candidiasis (VVC) (vaginal yeast infection). It is a boric acid-based vaginal anti-infective enhanced with ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) which was designed to have improved activity against vaginal bacterial and fungal biofilms while sparing protective lactobacilli. EDTA enhances the antimicrobial activity of boric acid and improves its efficacy against relevant biofilms. In a small phase 2 randomized controlled trial, TOL-463 as an insert or gel achieved clinical cure rates of 50–59% against BV and 81–92% against VVC in women who had one or both conditions. It was effective and safe in the study, though it was without indication of superiority over other antifungal medications for VVC. The cure rates against BV with TOL-463 were said to be comparable to those with recently approved antibiotic treatments like single-dose oral secnidazole (58%) and single-dose metronidazole vaginal gel (41%). As of May 2019, TOL-463 is in phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of BV and VVC. It was originated by Toltec Pharmaceuticals and is under development by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
References
External links
TOL-463 - AdisInsight
Antifungals
Antiseptics
Experimental drugs
Rodovia Régis Bittencourt (official designation in the state of São Paulo SP-230) is a section of the BR-116 that connects the cities of São Paulo and Rio Negro, passing also through Curitiba, Brazil. It is considered one of the most dangerous highways of Brazil, due to the high number of accidents. Sometimes it is even nicknamed "Rodovia da Morte" (Death Highway). It also leads the number of ambiental accidents in the state of São Paulo.
Duplication
Régis Bittencourt was, for the most part, duplicated around the year 2000. However, there was a stretch on a simple track, 19 km long, in the mountain region between Miracatu and Juquitiba, called Serra do Cafezal, in the state of São Paulo. In this stretch, the heavy traffic of heavy cargo vehicles (corresponding to up to 60% of the total), the rugged topography and poor conservation, have been causing increasing traffic jams and fatal accidents, being one of the highways with the highest rate of accidents with fatalities.
As of 2008, long negotiations dragged on between the concessionaire and IBAMA on the route with the least environmental impact and the lowest cost of carrying out the duplication of the most rugged topography stretch Serra do Cafezal, until the final project was released. After protests by the Brazilian population, the concessionaire began the duplication works of Serra do Cafezal, also known as "Serra dos 90", in 2010. The first duplicated sections were partially delivered between 2012 and 2015. The works were fully concluded in December 2017, after bureaucratic obstacles involving environmental licenses.
Photos
See also
Highway system of São Paulo
Brazilian Highway System
References
Highways in São Paulo (state)
Federal highways in Brazil
Barry Keoghan ( ; born 18 October 1992) is an Irish actor. They have appeared in the films Dunkirk (2017) and The Killing of a Sacred Deer (2017), for which they won an Irish Film and Television Award for Best Supporting Actor, and received a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male. Keoghan also appeared in Calm with Horses (2019), for which they were nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, and the RTÉ drama Love/Hate (2013). In 2021, they appeared as Druig in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) film Eternals.
Keoghan is an ambassador for Dior and Barretstown. In 2020, they were listed at number 27 on The Irish Times list of Ireland's greatest film actors.
Early life
Keoghan grew up in Summerhill, Dublin, Ireland. Alongside their brother Eric, they spent seven years in foster care, in 13 different foster homes.
Career
As a child, Keoghan appeared in school plays in the O'Connell School on Dublin's North Richmond Street, but was banned for "messing about". They cite they got their film education from sneaking into films with pals at Cineworld, Parnell Street, from which they eventually got barred. They started their acting career in 2011. They answered an advertisement for Between the Canals after seeing a casting notice in a Sheriff Street shop window, and portrayed Aido in a small role in the film, which was released in 2011. They then studied acting at The Factory, a local Dublin school. They remember "not even having €2.20 to get the bus to The Factory" at the time. The same year, at the age of 18, they appeared in Fair City.
In 2013, Keoghan appeared as Wayne on Love/Hate. The role earned Keoghan recognition in Ireland, and they went on to feature in '71 in 2014 and Mammal and Trespass Against Us in 2016.
Keoghan appeared in two films in 2017. They featured as George Mills in Dunkirk and starred as Martin Lang in The Killing of a Sacred Deer alongside Colin Farrell and Nicole Kidman. They won the Irish Film and Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for their work in The Killing of a Sacred Deer. The following year, they appeared in Black '47 as Hobson, an English soldier stationed in Ireland during the Great Famine. They also starred in American Animals the same year. They portrayed Spencer Reinhart in the film, based on a real-life robbery of rare books from a university library. In 2018, The Hollywood Reporter described Keoghan as "the next big thing" for their film work in the previous three years, and in 2019 they were nominated for the BAFTA Rising Star Award.
They appear in the 2019 mini-series Chernobyl. They starred in an episode of Living With Lucy in September 2019. That same month, Calm With Horses premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival. In July 2018, Keoghan was cast as lead character Yorick Brown in the pilot of Y: The Last Man, but exited the main series production in February 2020. Keoghan played Druig in the Marvel Cinematic Universe film Eternals in November 2021. They also appeared in The Green Knight.
Keoghan appeared in Matt Reeves' film The Batman'' (2022) credited as "Unseen Arkham Prisoner", though Reeves themselves later confirmed that Keoghan was the Joker. On March 24, 2022, three weeks after the film's release, Warner Bros. released a deleted scene featuring Keoghan's Joker and Robert Pattinson's Batman.
Personal life
Keoghan is an amateur boxer.
From 2017 to 2020 Keoghan was in a relationship with Killarney native Shona Guerin, whom they had met on Good Friday in a Killarney pub in which they were working. The pair appeared on Livin' with Lucy together in 2019 in which Lucy Kennedy stayed with them in their Los Angeles home. In August 2020 it was speculated that they had broken up which was confirmed in September 2021 when Keoghan shared a picture on instagram of themselves with new girlfriend Alyson Sandro (a dentist whose father is from County Cavan) at Powerscourt Hotel, Co. Wicklow. A few months later, on Ireland's Mother's Day, 27 March 2022, they announced through Instagram that the couple are expecting a child together. The birth of their son, Brando, was announced on Keoghan's instagram on 8 August 2022.
In March 2022, Keoghan was announced as the new ambassador for the Barretstown children's charity, and helped open the charity's new Aladina Studio funded by the Spanish Aladina Foundation.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Irish Film and Television Network: IFTN talks with Dunkirk actor Barry Keoghan
1992 births
Living people
Irish male film actors
Irish male television actors
Male actors from Dublin (city)
21st-century Irish male actors
People educated at O'Connell School
The Indochina mangroves are a large mangrove ecoregion on the coasts of Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam and Malaysia in Southeast Asia.
Location and description
Mangrove forests occur on coasts that are regularly washed with saltwater by tidal movements. There are patches of mangrove throughout the region and there were once much more. Today the largest areas remain in the Mekong delta in U Minh District and other parts of Cà Mau Province at the southern tip of Vietnam. There are smaller patches in Vietnam in Cam Ranh Bay in the south and in the Red River delta in the north. Much larger areas of mangrove habitat on the coasts of southern Vietnam including the Mekong and Red River deltas were affected by the Vietnam War when areas of mangrove were cleared or destroyed by bombing and the defoliant Agent Orange, while mangroves around Pattaya and in the Chao Phraya delta in Thailand and the Bay of Kompong Som in Cambodia have been cleared for agricultural and coastal development.
Flora
The Indochina mangroves contain a diverse number of trees and other plants which vary according to proximity to the coast with the coastline trees being mainly Avicennia alba and the inland belt behind them, where the water is less salty consisting of Rhizophora apiculata and Bruguiera parviflora.
Fauna
The remaining mangroves are important habitat for much wildlife, especially waterbirds such as lesser adjutant (Leptoptilos javanicus), white-winged wood duck (Cairina scutulata) and spot-billed pelican (Pelicanus philippensis). Mammals of the mangroves include the tiger (Panthera tigris), the large Malayan tapir (Tapirus indicus) and the siamang (Hylobates syndactylus). Reptiles found here include the water monitor (Varanus salvator), false gharial (Tomistoma schlegelii) and the saltwater crocodile (Crocodylus porosus).
Threats and preservation
Mangroves everywhere are vulnerable to clearance for logging and for agricultural development, and in this region have been particularly affected by the Vietnam War damage, particularly America's chemical weapon of defoliants, the Rainbow Herbicides, most notably Agent Orange which destroyed and devastated entire mangrove forests. In Vietnam there has been a post-war program of replanting to try and revive mangrove habitats.
in Myanmar, the cutting down of mangroves to turn into charcoal for sale in China and Thailand continues unabated.
References
Environment of Thailand
Ecoregions of Vietnam
Indomalayan ecoregions
Mangrove ecoregions
Ecoregions of Thailand
Ecoregions of Cambodia
The Origin of the Feces is the second studio album by the American gothic metal band Type O Negative, released in 1992.
Recording and production
The album was recorded in a studio but produced to sound "live" by adding crowd noises, banter with the fictitious audience, and even a song stopping because the venue supposedly had received a bomb threat. This was done to simulate the controversy the band faced during the European leg of their Slow, Deep and Hard tour. The band is known among fans for weaving this type of humour into their often gloomy music.
Album content
The album is composed primarily of slightly altered, re-recorded versions of tracks that had appeared already on Slow, Deep and Hard. Four of the song's titles have been deliberately renamed:
- "Unsuccessfully Coping with the Natural Beauty of Infidelity" = "I Know You're Fucking Someone Else"
- "Gravitational Constant: G = 6.67 x 10-8 cm-3 gm-1 sec-2" = "Gravity"
- "Prelude to Agony" = "Pain"
- "Xero Tolerance" = "Kill You Tonight"
One song, "Are You Afraid?", is an original composition that the band played live as an introduction to "Gravity" but never included on an official studio album. It foreshadows the gothic sound the band would adopt on their next album, Bloody Kisses.
This album also started the tradition of Type O Negative including cover songs performed in their distinct gothic metal sound. The album includes covers of Black Sabbath's "Paranoid" (which halfway through contains the main riff of Black Sabbath's "Iron Man"), and Billy Roberts' "Hey Joe", which has been re-titled "Hey Pete" for frontman Peter Steele. The reprise of "Kill You Tonight" has a sample of the closing piano strike from The Beatles' "A Day in the Life".
In another instance of the band's sense of humor, circus impresario P. T. Barnum is credited as a producer for the record, despite the fact that they had been dead for over 100 years at the time the album was released.
Packaging
The original cover of the album has a close-up of Steele's anal sphincter. This was changed for the re-issue two years later, to a green and black version of the 1493 painting by Michael Wolgemut, The Dance of Death. The album's title is an obvious pun and a reference to Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species.
In addition to the re-issue's cover, other artwork included in the album's sleeve/liner notes is the famous 1498 woodcut by Albrecht Dürer, The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
Track listing
All lyrics and music by Peter Steele, except where noted.
Credits
Peter Steele – lead vocals, bass guitar
Kenny Hickey – backing vocals, co-lead vocals (on "Hey Pete"), electric guitar
Josh Silver – backing vocals, keyboards, sound effects
Sal Abruscato – drums, percussion
Johnny Kelly – drums, percussion (on "Paranoid")
References
Type O Negative albums
1992 albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Sergiu Robert Ciocan (born 22 September 1998) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga II side Minaur Baia Mare.
Honours
Minaur Baia Mare
Liga III: 2021–22
References
External links
Sergiu Robert Ciocan at lpf.ro
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Baia Mare
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga III players
ACSF Comuna Recea players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
CS Minaur Baia Mare (football) players
The Eramosa Karst is a provincially significant Earth Science Area of Natural and Scientific Interest in Ontario, Canada, located in Stoney Creek, a constituent community of the City of Hamilton, and immediately south of the Niagara Escarpment.
It exhibits sixteen different karstic geological features, of which seven are provincially significant, and is considered to be the best example of karst topography found in Ontario. The area is composed of parcels of land that are provincially, municipally and privately owned. It received ANSI-ES designation on February 13, 2003.
Conservation area
In October 2006, Ontario donated 73 ha of land to the Hamilton Conservation Authority to create a new conservation area, followed by another donation of 3.1 ha in April 2007. The City of Hamilton has also contributed in June 2007 by transferring 1.6 ha. The area opened to the public on June 20, 2008.
Landform
The area is crossed by the Eramosa Escarpment. It is morphologically similar to the Niagara Escarpment, as both are composed of dolomites of the Lockport Formation. However, the Eramosa Escarpment is much smaller in height (no more than 10 metres); its crest is only occasionally defined by cliffs, which are no higher than 3 metres. Most of the bedrock is buried by till.
The area exhibits a great concentration of various karstic features.
Soil pipes
These tubular cavities, a few millimetres to a few centimetres in diameter, conduct water from the surface to the karst bedrock below.
Dolines
Dolines (or sinkholes) are mostly found in its suffusion form. Suffusion dolines are depressions formed above caves and smaller cavities in unconsolidated sediments. Many dolines in the Eramosa Karst are formed by a combination of soil piping and erosion of the glacially deposited sediments, overlying the bedrock.
Karst windows
These features are created when a cave's bedrock roof collapses. Pottruff Cave's entrance is an example of such a formation.
Valleys
Streams flowing through the area have formed valleys that are typical of a karstic landscape. Blind valleys are formed when a stream sinks underground. As there is no farther surface flow, such valleys ends abruptly. A half-blind valley is similar, except that a surface flow is occasionally present downstream of the sinkpoint. Dry valleys were formed prior to the development of underground stream passages, representing a former route of springs before they were diverted by sinkholes. Depending on the stage of evolution, these valleys may or may not have surface flow.
Caves
Five dissolutional caves, large enough for human entry, have been identified within the area. Nexus Cave is the largest, measuring 335 metres in length, and is the 10th longest cave in Ontario.
Conservation efforts
The ANSI status of the area does not imply automatic protection. The conservation area's boundaries roughly correspond to the Core Area of the ANSI. However, the Feeder Area, where the streams originate, is managed by the Ontario Realty Corporation, which intends to sell it for residential development. Local scientists and politicians urge the Ontario government to abandon its plans and incorporate these lands into the conservation area, arguing that geological and biological diversity of Eramosa Karst will be severely diminished, should the development take place.
It is planned to connect the conservation area to Felker's Falls, Mount Albion Conservation Area, and Bruce Trail via the 10 kilometre East Mountain Loop Trail. Furthermore, a link to Olmstead Cave, located in a Hamilton park, is being considered.
References
External links
Eramosa Karst Conservation Area
Friends of the Eramosa Karst
Areas of Natural and Scientific Interest
Landforms of Hamilton, Ontario
Caves of Canada
Emerson Francis Woodward (February 23, 1879 – May 24, 1943) was an oilman who co-founded the Yount-Lee Oil Company which made a major discovery at the Spindletop field near Beaumont, Texas. In 1935, Woodward and partners sold the company to Standard Oil & Gas for $46 million.
They were born at Podunk, New York to William W. and Ida May LaGrange Woodward. Because their father made their living in the oil business in its earliest days at Titusville, Pennsylvania, Emerson wanted to follow in their footsteps. After receiving an early education in the Goodwill Hill public schools in Pennsylvania, Woodward, at the age of eleven, went to work in the oil fields, and before the end of their career, they would be affiliated with the industry in various other states, including Oklahoma, Ohio, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas. They married Bessie McGarry in 1901 at their hometown of Woodsfield, Ohio. The couple had only one child, a son, Harley E. Woodward, who died at age 34 when the private plane they were in crashed into Rich Mountain, Arkansas.
The Producers Oil Company employed Emerson Woodward for eleven years, and during this stretch, they met their lifelong associate, Thomas Peter Lee, who worked for the same firm. Woodward advanced quickly within the organization and received a promotion to assistant superintendent of its southern division, which encompassed the area from New Orleans to El Paso. Later, they helped organize the Farmers Petroleum Company, held the position of superintendent, and in 1921 became president of the Republic Production Company, a subsidiary of American Republics Corporation. With the formation of the Yount-Lee Oil Company, Woodward eventually became one of its largest stockholders.
Trapshooting
Emerson Woodward, in January 1924, advanced $28,000 to build the Houston Gun Club on Westheimer Road, and they actively participated in their favorite hobby of trapshooting in the company of friends such as Hank A. Hausmann of LaGrange, Texas and Forest McNeir, a fellow Houstonian. Their expert marksmanship earned for them places in the National Trapshooting Hall of Fame, which inducted them on August 24, 1973, and in the Texas Trapshooters Association Hall of Fame, which reciprocated in 1983. One of their records "in 1933 … set a yearly ATA (American Trapshooters Association) 16-yard average record of .9950 that was not broken or tied until 1965, some thirty-two years later.
Valdina Farms
After the Yount-Lee sale, Emerson Woodward announced, "Well, I sold the last of my oil interests today. I've got nothing to do but fool with horses." They kept their word, retired from the oil business and spent much of their time occupied with the sport of the kings. During the late 1930s and early 1940s, on their ranch, Valdina Farms, spanning located in both Uvalde and Medina Counties in Texas, hence the name Valdina, they raised, trained, and sent their horses such as Valdina Myth, Valdina Orphan, and Rounders to racetracks all over the country. Called by The New York Times as "one of the largest and most famous racing stables of its time," under trainer Frank Catrone these Thoroughbreds competed head to head with some of the best the American racing world had to offer. Valdina Myth was the 1940 two-year-old-fillies earnings Champion and the 1941 Kentucky Oaks winner.
Valdina Orphan, with jockey Carroll Bierman aboard, won 1942 Derby Trial Stakes then ran third in the Kentucky Derby. Irish bred Rounders won several top races in the United States including the 1942 Arlington Handicap in which they beat the great Triple Crown champion, Whirlaway. For their contributions to the industry, the Texas Horse Racing Hall of Fame inducted them as a member in 2001.
Philanthropy
Emerson and their wife were also recognized for their philanthropic accomplishments. According to Jack Meyer, their pastor at the Heights Church of Christ in Houston, "They financed an orphanage in Hope, Arkansas …, built the Church of Christ at College Station, contributed heavily to the Boles Orphans home at Quinlan, Texas. They sent many girls through the Abilene Christian College, paying all their expenses."
Death
An automobile driven by Woodward collided into the side of a train at a grade crossing near D'Hanis, Texas, close to Hondo in Medina County, and the accident claimed both their life and that of their wife, the only other passenger in the vehicle. Bessie Woodward died of injuries on May 22, 1943, and Emerson followed at age sixty-four two days later while a patient at the Medina Hospital in Hondo.
A double funeral was held in Houston at Heights Church of Christ, and they were entombed in a mausoleum at the city's Forest Park Cemetery. Their fifteen-year-old grandson, Robert Woodward, would inherit their entire estate.
References
Sources
McKinley, Fred B., and Greg Riley. Black Gold to Bluegrass: From the Oil Fields of Texas to Spindletop Farm of Kentucky. Austin: Eakin Press, 2005.
American businesspeople in the oil industry
Businesspeople from Texas
Texas Oil Boom people
1879 births
1943 deaths
American philanthropists
American racehorse owners and breeders
Trap and double trap shooters
Road incident deaths in Texas
George Cowper may refer to:
George Cowper (cricketer), Australian cricketer
George Cowper, 6th Earl Cowper, British politician
See also
George Clavering-Cowper, 3rd Earl Cowper, English peer
The Road to Glory is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring May McAvoy, Leslie Fenton, and Ford Sterling. This was Hawks' first film, based on a 35-page treatment that Hawks wrote. It is one of only two Hawks works that are lost films.
Plot
May McAvoy is a young woman, gradually going blind. They try to spare their boyfriend Rockliffe Fellowes and their father Ford Sterling from the burden of their illness. They agree to live with Leslie Fenton, a greedy rich man, in order to get away from their father and lover.
Cast
Production
Howard Hawks wrote the 35 page story from which the screenplay was based; this was one of few films on which they had extensive writing credits. Originally titled, The Chariot of the Gods, The Road to Glory was shot from December 1925 to January 1926 and premiered in April. The film contained religious iconography and messages that would never again be seen in a Hawks film.
Reception
It received good reviews from film critics. In later interviews, Hawks said, "It didn't have any fun in it. It was pretty bad. I don't think anybody enjoyed it except a few critics." Hawks was dissatisfied with the film after being certain that dramatic films would establish their reputation, but realized what they had done wrong when Sol Wurtzel told Hawks, "Look, you've shown you can make a picture, but for God's sake, go out and make entertainment."
See also
1937 Fox vault fire
Preservation status
With no prints of The Road to Glory located in any film archives, it is a lost film.
References
Bibliography
Wes D. Gehring. Carole Lombard, the Hoosier Tornado. Indiana Historical Society Press, 2003.
External links
1926 films
Films directed by Howard Hawks
Lost American films
American silent feature films
Fox Film films
1920s English-language films
American black-and-white films
1926 drama films
1926 lost films
Lost drama films
1926 directorial debut films
1920s American films
Zhongning Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Zhongning Road and Wuning Road in the city's Putuo District, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Keith Webster (born August 31, 1937) is a retired Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. They won the Grey Cup with Winnipeg in 1959. They played junior football with Daniel McIntyre Collegiate Institute in Winnipeg, previously.
References
1937 births
Living people
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Lyrcus (Ancient Greek: Λύρκος) is the name of two Greek mythological figures, one a figure in a 1st-century BC Hellenistic romance by Parthenius of Nicaea, the other the eponymous legendary founder of Lyrceia. Stories of both located Lyrcus near Argos; their individual lives intertwine with other historical and mythological figures.
Lyrcus, son of Phoroneus.
Lyrcus, son of Abas.
Notes
References
Parthenius, Love Romances translated by Sir Stephen Gaselee (1882-1943), S. Loeb Classical Library Volume 69. Cambridge, MA. Harvard University Press. 1916. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Parthenius, Erotici Scriptores Graeci, Vol. 1. Rudolf Hercher. in aedibus B. G. Teubneri. Leipzig. 1858. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Princes in Greek mythology
Inachids
Characters in Greek mythology
Greek mythology of Anatolia
Cities in ancient Peloponnese
Tips is the latest of a series of tutorial hubs in Microsoft Windows that provides information about using features. Information is presented as screenshots, text descriptions, videos, and web links. As Windows upgrades have traditionally been drastic, each version since Windows 95 has had its own tutorial app, and the name has changed frequently. Notably, the feature list shown has tended to expand as newer versions of Windows are released and the most recently released tutorial receives updates through the Microsoft Store, allowing it to receive updates more frequently than Windows itself is upgraded.
Evolution
Tips originated with a popup in Windows 95 named Welcome to Windows 95, a series of screens that resembled Windows Installer and introduced the user to the Start menu and dial-up networking. The popup appeared the first time a user logged into Windows. A nearly identical popup named Welcome to NT was included in the 1996 release of Windows NT 4.0. The Windows 98 version featured a new sidebar design and a cloud background. The contents were arranged into four categories: Register Now, Connect to the Internet, Discover Windows 98, and Maintain Your Computer.
In the Getting Started with Windows 2000 popup, the Maintain Your Computer section was removed and the Windows 2000 logo was added.
Windows ME replaced the static information popup with a much larger Flash-based narrated tutorial popup named Welcome to Windows ME. It began with a video and included four main sections: Digital Media, Rich Internet Experience, Home Networking, and Improved User Experience.
XP followed up with a larger Flash-based narrated tutorial called Windows XP Tour, which was also published online, with five sections: Best for Business, Safe and Easy Personal Computing, Unlock the World of Digital Media, The Connected Home and Office, and Windows XP Basics. While the narrator showed users around, music based on the XP theme played. The tour emphasizes Windows XP's then-new features but also explained basic features such as windowing and the Recycle Bin. When all sections are played in one session, the session lasts about 20 minutes.
Windows Vista replaced the Windows XP Tour with a Control Panel screen called Welcome Center that provided links to tools available to users, with an emphasis on setting up a new computer or using Vista for the first time. It was originally known as Welcome Center and opened at startup, although it could be disabled. Welcome Center informed users what edition of Vista they were using at the top and 21 links to other items at the bottom. Some of the links provided information at the top of the current screen, some opened other parts of the Control Panel, and some linked to the Internet. The 21 links included View computer details, Transfer files and settings, Add new users, Connect to the Internet, Windows Ultimate Extras, What's new in Windows Vista, Go online to learn about Windows Live, Go online to find it fast with Windows Live, Go online to help protect your PC with Windows Live, Go online to Windows Marketplace, Go online to find more ways to help protect your PC, and Sign up online for technical support.
Despite Welcome Center's emphasis on online features and add-ons, it was not designed for receiving frequent updates and has not been updated. As a result, it still links to the discontinued Windows Live, discontinued Windows Marketplace, discontinued Windows Ultimate Extras, and renamed Windows Live Search.
In Windows 7, Welcome Center was renamed Getting Started. Getting Started featured fewer links, and the links provided reflect the new features in Windows 7 and Windows Live in 2009. Get Started includes nine links: Go online to find what's new in Windows 7, Personalize Windows, Transfer files and settings from another computer, Use a homegroup to share with other computers in your home, Choose when to be notified about changes to your computer, Go online to get Windows Live Essentials, Back up your files, Add new users to your computer, and Change the size of the text on your screen. Getting Started does not start up automatically, but it is pinned to the Windows 7 Start menu.
In Windows 8, Getting Started was completely removed. Windows 8.1 introduced a new app called Help + Tips that was pinned to the Start screen. It features a primary screen with a search box six tiles that focus exclusively on features new to Windows 8: Start and apps, Get around, Basic actions, Your account and files, Settings, and What's new. The info in each tile's section is viewed with horizontal scrolling. In addition to the app, Windows 8.1 features hints for finding hidden navigation menus, buttons, and flyouts.
Windows 10's introductory app was originally titled Getting Started but was renamed Get Started before it was generally released to the public. The first few iterations featured a large, comprehensive hamburger menu with sidebar links for most major topics. Later iterations minimized the interface by including a welcome page with links to the Internet, a section for new topics, and a page with links to all topics in the app. It continues to receive updates from the Windows Store as Windows 10 apps and the system itself continue to change.
In the Windows 10 Creators Update, Get Started was renamed to Tips.
Tips' interface is entirely different in Windows 10's Retail Demo Mode, which is used on Windows 10 PCs on display at stores. In Retail Demo Mode, Tips features a different set of information that informs the consumer about Windows 10, Microsoft Office, and sometimes the brand of the computer Tips is running on.
References
External links
Windows components
Windows-only freeware
Universal Windows Platform apps
Charles Best (1570–1627) was an English poet.
Best was a contributor to Francis Davison's Poetical Rapsodie (1608). The first edition of that anthology contains two pieces by Best, A Sonnet of the Sun (eighteen lines) and A Sonnet of the Moon.
In the third edition (1611) Best contributed An Epitaph on Henry Fourth, the last French King, An Epitaph on Queen Elizabeth, Union's Jewell, 'A Panegyrick to my Sovereign Lord the King,' and a few other pieces.
References
Davison's Poetical Rhapsody, ed. Nicholas Harris Nicolas, 1826.
Attribution
External links
A Sonnet of the Moon
1570 births
1627 deaths
Sonneteers
17th-century English poets
17th-century English male writers
English male poets
The 2011 season was Pakhtakors 20th season in the top Uzbek League in Uzbekistan. Pakhtakor competed in Uzbek League, Uzbek Cup and AFC Champions League tournaments.
Club
Current technical staff
After draw result in Bukhara, Ravshan Khaydarov resigned their position as coach. Murod Ismailov is appointed as new head coach of Pakhtakor.
Players
Squad
Youth squad
Youth team of Pakhtakor plays in Uzbek Youth League
Transfers
Winter 2010-11
In:
Out:
Four player left the club
Summer 2011
In:
(on loan)
Out:
Pre-season matches
Competitions
Pakhtakor competed in all major competitions: Uzbek League, the Uzbek Cup and the AFC Champions League.
Uzbek League
League table
Matches
Kickoff times are in Uzbekistan Time (UZT) – UTC+5.
Uzbek Cup
Matches
Kickoff times are in Uzbekistan Time (UZT) – UTC+5.
AFC Champions League
Group stage
Matches
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Player statistics are only for Uzbek League matches Competitive matches only, includes appearances as substitute.
Top Scorers
All
Note:goals scored in all competitions.
Uzbek League
Uzbek Cup
AFC Champions League
References
External links
F.C. Pakhtakor official website
Championat.uz
Pak
Pakhtakor Tashkent FK seasons
Sumona Chakravarti (born 24 June 1988) is an Indian film and television actor.  They are well known for their roles in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain, Comedy Nights With Kapil and The Kapil Sharma Show.
Career
They began their acting career at the age of 11 through Aamir Khan and Manisha Koirala starrer Mann in the year 1999. In the next few years they did quite a few television shows but their big breakthrough happened in 2011 when they played the role of Natasha in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain, a television show produced by Balaji Telefilms.
In the following year they participated in the comedy show Kahani Comedy Circus Ki on Sony TV with Kapil Sharma and the duo emerged as the winners of the show. From there on began their professional partnership with Kapil Sharma that is still going on. From June 2013 to January 2016 they were seen as Manju Sharma in Comedy Nights with Kapil where they played the role of Kapil Sharma's wife. In 2016, they came back to the screen with Sony TV's The Kapil Sharma Show which they were seen playing the role of Sarla Gulati, a girl deeply in love with their neighbour Kapil. The show came back with its second season in 2018 where they are playing the role of Bhuri.
In between all this Sumona Chakravarti has also done two travel shows namely Dubai Diaries and Swiss Made Advetures both on NDTV Good Times. While they were the host in Dubai Diaries, they went in as a participant seeking the adventurous side of Switzerland in Swiss Made Adventures.
Filmography
Television
Theatre
Awards and nominations
Indian Telly Awards
Indian Television Academy Awards
Yash Bharti Award
Sumona Chakravarti was awarded with the Yash Bharti Award on 27 October 2016 by the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
Boroplus Gold Awards
See also
List of Indian television actores
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Actresses from Lucknow
Bengali people
Bengali Hindus
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Indian film actores
Indian television actores
21st-century Indian actores
Reginald Lester Harrell Jr. (born November 28, 1981) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League. They most recently played for the Chicago Bears, but was waived on August 27, 2006. They were originally signed as an undrafted free agent by the New York Jets out of Texas Christian University.
References
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Arlington, Texas
American football wide receivers
TCU Horned Frogs football players
New York Jets players
Dallas Cowboys players
Chicago Bears players
Gaulin () is a French surname which is most prevalent among French Canadians and which may have been derived via Gaudelin from the Medieval Germanic feminine name Godelind/Godelinde/Gotlind/Gotlinde (Old High German got "god", "deity" + OHG lind "gentle", "soft", "mild"). Notable people with this name include:
André Gaulin (born 1936), French Canadian politician
Huguette Gaulin (1944–1972), French Canadian novelist
Jean-Marc Gaulin (born 1962), Canadian ice hockey player
Rémi Gaulin (1787–1857), Canadian Roman Catholic bishop
Sasha Gaulin, American actor and circus performer
References
French-language surnames
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Villers-la-Ville. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Villers-la-Ville
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Villers-la-Ville
Villers-la-Ville
The 1994–95 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks' 69th season. It was the Blackhawks' first season at United Center, which replaced Chicago Stadium as their home venue. The Hawks ended the regular season on a high note, winning their final five games. They tied the Detroit Red Wings for most power play goals (52) and had the best power play in the league (24.53%). They also allowed the fewest goals (115) and the fewest even-strength goals (76) during the regular season. It was an inconsistent season for the team, as they had three 5-game winning streaks (February 1 to 9; March 16 to 26; and April 25 to May 3) and one 13-game winless streak from March 29 to April 23. Within their winless streak, they lost 8 games in a row. Points-leader Bernie Nicholls had 3 hat tricks, including two four-goal games (the first one came on February 5 and the second one came on February 28). Nicholls' three-goal game came on March 21 in a 7-3 Blackhawks' win at San Jose.
Offseason
Regular season
Season standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
In the Stanley Cup Playoffs, the Blackhawks defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs in a tight 7-game series, swept the Vancouver Canucks, and then lost to the Detroit Red Wings in the Western Conference Finals in 5 games; 3 of those games went into overtime (Detroit won all 3).
The Blackhawks were one of only 3 teams in 1994–95 to have a better regular-season record on the road than at home (the other 2 teams were the Florida Panthers and the Los Angeles Kings).
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defensemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Draft picks
References
Blackhawks on Hockey Database
Chicago Blackhawks seasons
C
C
Chic
Chic
Kenneth Lawrence Barham (called Ken; born 1936) is a retired Anglican bishop.
Barham was born in 1936, a son of Lawrence Barham (second Bishop of Rwanda and Burundi, 1964–1966) and Julia née Leakey. They married Jill, a teacher. Like their father, Barham became an Anglican priest and later bishop: they trained at Clifton Theological College, gaining their Bachelor of Divinity (BD) in 1963.
Ordained a deacon at Michaelmas (29 September) 1963 and a priest at Michaelmas (20 September) 1964 (both times by Roger Wilson, Bishop of Chichester in Chichester Cathedral), they served curacies in Worthing, Sevenoaks and Cheltenham. Their first incumbency was as vicar of Maidstone, from 1970 until 1979, when they became the South Area Secretary for the CMS Rwanda mission, until 1984. They returned to parochial ministry as priest-in-charge of Ashburnham and Penhurst until 2001. During this time, however, they also held posts in the Province of the Anglican Church of Rwanda.
Among those colonial mission posts, Barham was consecrated in 1993 as Assistant Bishop of Cyangugu, becoming diocesan Bishop of Cyangugu in 1996 until their 2001 retirement. In 2001, they were made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) and retired to Sussex; where they have served the Diocese of Chichester as an honorary assistant bishop since 2005.
In 2004 the then Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, awarded Barham the Cross of St Augustine in recognition of their work for the Anglican Communion.
References
1936 births
20th-century Anglican bishops in Africa
Living people
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Place of birth missing (living people)
Recipients of the Cross of St Augustine
People from Ashburnham, East Sussex
Anglican bishops of Cyangugu
Choi Kook-hee (born 1976), is a South Korean film director and screenwriter. Choi wrote and directed their debut sports film Split (2016) which won New Flesh Award for Best First Feature at the 2017 Fantasia International Film Festival. They wrote the script after seeing an autistic man bowling in a hilarious posture but with exceptionally high performance. They could not forget that man's image for days, believing that if such a genius exists, someone will try to take advantage of the genius's ability.
Filmography
Blue Decoding (short film, 2002) – director
Tale of Cinema (2005) – directing department
The Springtime of Life (short film, 2006) – director, screenwriter
The Sundays of August (2006) – actor
Carnival (short film, 2007) – director, screenwriter
Split (2016) – director, screenwriter
Default (2018) – director
Life is Beautiful (2022) – director
Awards
2017 Fantasia International Film Festival: New Flesh Award for Best First Feature (Split)
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
South Korean film directors
South Korean screenwriters
Journal of Emotional and Behavioral Disorders is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Elizabeth M. Farmer and Thomas W. Farmer (University of Pittsburgh). It has been in publication since 1993 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
Scope
Journal of Emotional and Behavioral Disorders contains interdisciplinary research, practice, and commentary related to individuals with emotional and behavioral disabilities. The journal covers critical and diverse topics such as youth violence, functional assessment and school-wide discipline.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Emotional and Behavioral Disorders is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases, SCOPUS and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.2, ranking it 19 out of 40 journals in the category ‘Education, Special'.
References
External links
HI Official website
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Zzap!64 was a computer games magazine covering games on the Commodore International series of computers, especially the Commodore 64 (C64). It was published in the UK by Newsfield Publications Ltd and later by Europress Impact.
The magazine launched in April, with the cover date May 1985, as the sister magazine to CRASH. It focused on the C64 for much of its shelf life, but later incorporated Amiga game news and reviews. Like CRASH for the ZX Spectrum, it had a dedicated cult following amongst C64 owners and was well known for its irreverent sense of humour as well as its extensive, detailed coverage of the C64 scene. The magazine adopted an innovative review system that involved the use of the reviewers' faces, artistically rendered by in-house artists Oli Frey and Mark Kendrick, to express their reaction to the games. These eventually evolved into static cartoons as the magazine began catering for a younger market.
By 1992, the magazine had changed so dramatically in design and editorial direction that then-publisher Europress decided to relaunch the magazine. Thus, issue 91 of Zzap!64 became issue 1 of Commodore Force, a magazine that itself lasted until March 1994.
History
The first issue of Zzap!64, dated May 1985, was released on 11 April 1985. Its inaugural editorial team included editor Chris Anderson, Software Editor Bob Wade, freelance writer Steve Cooke (who joined the staff from the recently folded Personal Computer Games), and reviewers Gary Penn and Julian Rignall, who won their jobs after having placed as finalists at a video game competition. The editorial headquarters was in Yeovil, more than 120 miles from Newsfield's headquarters in Ludlow; the team was relocated to Ludlow after three months to cut costs, and Anderson and Wade left the staff after declining to make the move. Anderson would later found Future Publishing and the TED Conference.
As the Amiga gained popularity in the UK, Zzap!64 began to publish occasional reviews of Amiga games. The Amiga coverage became a fixed feature of the magazine in issue 43 (November 1988), when the title was renamed to Zzap!64 Amiga.
The magazine experienced controversy in 1989, when three out of four reviewers (Gordon Houghton, Kati Hamza and Maff Evans) were fired and replaced during production of issue 50 (June 1989). The only one remaining, Paul Rand, had been employed at Zzap!64 a mere two months. Issue 50's editorial mentioned nothing of what happened, and the issue featured content from the three fired reviewers without discussing their fates.
Issue 74 (June 1991) saw the dropping of all Amiga coverage (the word "Amiga" was dropped from the name in 1990), and the magazine became completely devoted to the C64 once more. Four months later the publisher Newsfield declared bankruptcy and publication was suspended for a month. Europress Impact (a satellite company of Europress launched by Roger Kean, Oliver Frey and Jonathan Rignall) became the new publisher of Zzap!64, beginning with issue 79 (December 1991).
Issue 90 (November 1992) was the last official Zzap!64 issue. From the following month, the magazine was replaced by Commodore Force.
In Italy
The Italian edition (just titled Zzap!), authorised by the original publisher, was not limited to Commodore 64 games, but it also reviewed games for other 8-bit machines like the ZX Spectrum, MSX, Amstrad CPC and the Atari 8-bit family. Around 80% of the content was translated with the remainder written in Italy. From issue 1 (May 1986) to issue 73 (December 1992) it was released as an actual magazine; with issue 74 (January 1993) it became an inset of the Italian version of The Games Machine until December 1993 when it stopped being published.
From 1996 to 1999, Zzap! became an online magazine, a PC gaming website with a different "cover" each month and a mailbag, which reviewed games with the same style of the original magazine.
In 2002, a special "issue 85", dedicated to then recently released games for 8-bit machines, was released in PDF format.
In 2021, the Airons cultural association in Vigevano resumed the publication of a new Zzap! magazine, founded by a group of former editors. The magazine is published aperiodically and only sent via mail to the members; it focuses on retrogaming and new games for 8- and 16-bit systems, still made by enthusiasts and small independent software houses.
Commemorative issues
In March 2002, a special "Issue 107" of Zzap!64 was published digitally in PDF format, later receiving a limited print run of 200 copies. Originally intended as a fan project based on a suggestion by journalist Cameron Davis in a Zzap!64 discussion forum, a number of ex-Newsfield writers later volunteered to join the project, including former editors Gordon Houghton, Robin Hogg and Paul Glancey.
The special issue reflected the C64's continuing popularity in the 21st Century as a platform for retro gamers and hobbyists, with the majority of reviews focusing on recently released C64 games. The magazine's design was based on "classic era" Zzap!64, and the front cover was based on an illustration by former Newsfield artist Oli Frey, significantly revised by designer Craig Grannell.
Another special issue of Zzap!64 was created in July 2005 to celebrate the magazine's twentieth anniversary. Dubbed The Def Tribute to Zzap!64, it was professionally printed and given away with issue 18 of Retro Gamer magazine. Although more celebratory and retrospective in design than issue 107, it nevertheless featured a great deal of new content, including a foreword and articles by former Newsfield director and Zzap!64 editor Roger Kean and new material from former editors Gary Penn and Chris Anderson. The front cover and centerfold featured rare illustrations by Oli Frey from their pre-Newsfield days.
Staff
Chris Anderson
Bob Wade
Roger Kean
Gary Penn
Julian Rignall
Gary Liddon
Sean Masterson
Steve Jarratt
Dan Gilbert
Paul Glancey
Matthew "Maff" Evans
Kati Hamza
Robin Hogg
Mark Caswell
Carl Rowley
Gordon Houghton
Ciarán Brennan
Richard Eddy
Lucy Hickman
Stuart Wynne
"Footy" Phil King
Steve Shields
Dominic Handy (aka Paul Sumner)
Warren Lapworth
Paul Rand
Nik Wild
Massimo Valducci
Columnists
Jeff Minter - They left early, disagreeing about the bad review of their game Mama Llama but returned to write a diary of the production of Iridis Alpha.
Andrew Braybrook - Wrote diaries on the production of their games Paradroid and Morpheus, titled Mental Procreation
Martin Walker - following suit for their game Citadel, titled Walker's Way
Apex Computer Productions - the Rowlands Brothers, John & Steve, doing the same for their game Creatures
References
Further reading
External links
Archived Zzap!64 magazines on the Internet Archive
1985 establishments in the United Kingdom
1992 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Commodore 8-bit computer magazines
Defunct computer magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines disestablished in 1992
Magazines established in 1985
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Video game magazines published in the United Kingdom
Billoo Badshah is a 1989 Indian drama film directed by Sisir Mishra. It stars Govinda, Shatrughan Sinha, Neelam and Anita Raj. It was produced by Shatrughan Sinha's elder brother Lakhan Sinha.
Plot
Billu, an orphan, makes sacrifices for the family who helped them when they were alone. Things change when the same family humiliates Billu.
Cast
Shatrughan Sinha - Billu
Govinda as Vijay
Neelam
Anita Raj as Asha
Sumeet Saigal as Ravi
Archana Joglekar as Nisha
Rohini Hattangadi as Billoo Mother
Sudhir Dalvi as Shankarlal,Billoo Father
Ashalata Wabgaonkar as Sumitra,Vijay Mother
Harish Patel as Tikdamdas
Kader Khan as Than-Than Tiwari
Gulshan Grover as Munna Tiwari
Goga Kapoor as Ramchabile Tiwari
Mac Mohan as Abdul
Yunus Parvez as Rickshaw Owner
Shubha Khote
Ramna Wadhawan as Ganga Devi
Music
"Jawan Jawan Ishq Jawan Hai" - Govinda
"Pyar Karenge Abhi Karenge" - Kumar Sanu, Kavita Krishnamurthy
"Ladka Razi Ladki Razi" - Kumar Sanu
"Yeh Jo Ghar Aangan Hai" - Vinod Sehgal, Dilraj Kaur
"Yeh Jo Ghar Aangan Hai (sad)" - Jagjit Singh
External links
References
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian drama films
The 1955–56 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 17th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Gamlebyen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1955 in Norwegian sport
1956 in Norwegian sport
Seksan Sukpimai ( – born 7 August 1974) also known as by the stage name Sek Loso (เสก โลโซ) is a Thai musician, Facebook live Streamer, and singer-songwriter.  They are the former lead singer, guitarist, and primary songwriter of the Thai rock band Loso.
Biography
Seksan, the son of an itinerant rice-farming family, moved to Bangkok at age 12 and found work in a shop owned by an aunt, making jewelry. They also worked in a factory that made air conditioners. In 1991, inspired by their favorite artists, including Guns N' Roses and Carabao, they saved up enough to buy an inexpensive guitar, learned some chords and talked their way onto the stage at one of Bangkok's best-known live-music venues at the time, Austin Pub. Within a year, the 17-year-old singer-guitarist was leading the house band, playing covers of Thai rock, indie and pop, as well as Green Day, Nirvana, the Rolling Stones and Jimi Hendrix.
In 2016 they were convicted of assaulting an acquaintance; after being sentenced to a suspended prison sentence (two and a half years) and community service, they "called on youngsters and their fans to have self-restraint during any provocative event and be cautious when posting comments in the social media".
Incident at Lincoln Center
Sek Loso performed in a rock opera adaptation of the Ramakien national epic on 28-30 July 2006 at the Lincoln Center for Performing Arts in New York.
On stage, during the first night's performance, they struck another Thai on the head with a shoe, during an altercation. The two musicians then grappled with each other and eventually took their fight offstage. A video of the altercation was shown on television in Thailand and was later posted to YouTube. Sek refused to return to the production and Loso rhythm guitarist Tom Loso replaced the frontman as Phra Rama for the remainder of the show.
Discography
Loso
Lo Society (1996)
Lo Society Bonus Tracks (1996)
Redbike Story (1997) (movie soundtrack)
Entertainment (1998)
Best of Loso (CD 1999)
Rock & Roll (2000)
Losoland (2001)
The Red Album (August 2001)
Best of Loso (Karaoke VCD, 2001)
Loso Concert For Friends (VCD 2002)
Loso Best Of Collection (30 April 2013)
Solo releases
7 August (April 2003)
Sek Loso: The Collection (June 2005)
Black & White (July 26, 2006)
Sek - Album Sek Loso (May 28, 2009)
Plus (22 June 2010)
New (23 December 2010)
I'm Back'' (17 October 2013)
Their backup band
Despite being a backup band for Sek's solo career, it still referred to as Loso according to Sek's official Facebook account.
Seksan Sukpimai (Sek Loso) - Lead Vocal, Guitar
Worabut Thiaprasert (Tom Loso) - Guitar
Chaiwat Chaiwirat (Chay Loso) - Bass
Akkanat Wanchaitiwat (Zom Naka) - Drums
Nathanat Hiransomboon (Teddy Loso) - Keyboard, Piano
Former Band Members
Pradit Worasutthiphisit (Dit Loso) - Bass
Chris Borsberry (Chris Loso) - Guitar
Paul Arthurs (Bonehead) - Guitar
Eric Anthony Lavansch (Eric Loso) - Drums
Anthony Wilson (Eddie Loso) - Bass
Tortrakul Baiyern (Tor Loso) - Drums
Thani Phromsri (Goy Loso) - Guitar
References
Living people
Seksan Sukpimai
1974 births
Seksan Sukpimai
Rock singers
Rock guitarists
Seksan Sukpimai
Rock songwriters
21st-century guitarists
Seksan Sukpimai
Seksan Sukpimai
The Empress of the Dynasty is a Taiwanese television series based on the life of Wu Zetian, the only female emperor in Chinese history. Directed by Li Yueh-fung and produced by Lin Hui-chun, the series starred Angela Pan as Wu Zetian. It was first broadcast in Taiwan on CTV from 18 November 1985 to 10 January 1986.
Plot
Wu Shiyue was surprised when their wife Lady Yang gave birth to a daughter. Their daughter was foretold to be important in the future. Their daughter, Wu Meiniang entered the palace at the age of fourteen to serve as a concubine to Emperor Taizong of Tang. They acknowledge these talents and favors them after the death of Empress Zhangsun. They instead develop feelings for their son Li Zhi. They helped them gain prominence over their brothers Li Tai and Li Chengqian.
After the Crown Prince is deposed, Meiniang helped Li Zhi become the Crown Prince, and eventually emperor.
They rescued them from a convent, and they are taken back to the palace after Emperor Taizong dies. They face enemies such as Empress Wang and Consort Xiao, and several of Li Zhi's officials. After the downfall of Consort Xiao and Empress Wang, Meiniang ascends as Empress Wu. Them life isn't easy, because their sister the Lady of Han has an affair with Li Zhi and they are despised by Zhangsun Wuji. Since Li Zhi is often ill, Meiniang is in charge of politics.
Cast
Angela Pan as Wu Zetian / Princess Taiping (young)
Liang Hsiu-shen as Emperor Taizong
Fan Jih-hsing as Emperor Gaozong
Ke Wei-chia as Li Xian
Hua Shao-chiang as Li Dan
Kao Pei-chun as Li Hong
Hou Kuan-chun as Li Xian
You Kuo-tung as Li Chengqian
Ting Hua-chung as Li Tai
Liu Lin as Li Yuanchang
Tsui Hao-jan as Ming Xuewen
Hsu Chia-jung as Cheng Nanying
Chen Pei-ling as Empress Wang
Liu Hsiao-ping as Lady of Han
Pan Chin-hao as Helan Minzhi
Kung Lien-hua as Consort Xiao
Sihung Lung as Zhangsun Wuji
Lin Hsiu-chun as Empress Zhangsun
Chang Pi as Xiaoshunzi
Chou Chung-lien as Shangguan Yi
Pei Hsin-yu as Shangguan Wan'er
Kuan Yi as Madam Liu
Li Yih-min as Zhikong (Feng Xiaobao)
Wang Jui as Chu Suiliang
Tieh Meng-chiu as Wang Renyou
Kao Chen-peng as Yuan Tiangang
Nan Chun as Li Chunfeng
Wu Fung as Di Renjie
Yu Heng as Zhang Wenguan
Min Min as Dai Zhide
Chen You-hsin as Pei Yan
Chen Cheng as Dahulu
Fang Mian as Wu Shihuo
Chang Chuan as Yao Lie
as Madam Zheng / Madam Yang
Hu Wen-tou as eunuch
1985 Taiwanese television series debuts
1986 Taiwanese television series endings
Taiwanese television series
Television series set in the Tang dynasty
Television series set in the Zhou Dynasty (690–705)
1980s Taiwanese television series
Works about Wu Zetian
Television series set in the 7th century
Cultural depictions of Wu Zetian
Cultural depictions of Di Renjie
The Mint Act 1817 (67 George III, c 57) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which changed the organisational structure of the mints in England and Scotland which today make up the Royal Mint. The act's full title was "An Act to regulate certain offices in, and abolish others in their majesty's mints in England and Scotland respectively."
The act stipulated that after the termination of the last Warden of the Mint in England (Sir Walter James, 1st Baronet) and the last Governor of the Mint in Scotland, both offices would be abolished with the Warden's duties becoming those of Master and Worker and Scottish mint responsibilities held by the English Master of the Mint.
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1817
Mikhail Vladimirovich Kupriyanov (; born 7 July 1973) is a Russian professional football manager and a former player.
Playing career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1989 for FC Dynamo Makhachkala.
Honours
Russian Premier League champion: 2001.
Russian Cup finalist: 1994 (missed a penalty in the final game shootout).
European club competitions
With FC Rostselmash Rostov-on-Don.
UEFA Intertoto Cup 1999: 4 games.
UEFA Intertoto Cup 2000: 2 games.
References
1973 births
Footballers from Makhachkala
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Russia under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Rostov players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
Russian football managers
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don managers
FC Dynamo Makhachkala players
Rainer Hinesser (born 10 January 1931) is an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1953.
References
External links
1931 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Reicke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bo Reicke (1914 – 1987), Swedish biblical scholar
Georg Reicke (1863-1923), German politician, Second mayor of Berlin from 1903-1920
Rudolf Reicke (1825—1905), German historian and scholar
German-language surnames
Words and Music: A History of Pop in the Shape of a City is a 2005 book charting the history of popular music, by the music journalist and cultural commentator Paul Morley. Its style takes the form of a robotic Kylie Minogue traveling, with Morley, in a "cyber-car" towards a city of "sound and ideas."
The starting points for this history of popular music are Morley's favourite pieces at the time of writing: Kylie Minogue's electro-pop song "Can't Get You Out of My Head" and Alvin Lucier's experimental "I am sitting in a room". From these musical compositions Morley reflects on the meanings of music in many forms: avant-garde and pop, iconic and obscure, mechanical and digital, commercial and creative, human and robotic.
Morley writes on what they describe as the non linear history of music, and shifts away from the "canon" of rock music, placing other acts such as Brian Eno and Kraftwerk at the center.
2005 non-fiction books
Stockholms Auktionsverk (Swedish for "Stockholm's Auction House"), founded in 1674 in Sweden, is the world's oldest auction house.
High quality items are sold on auctions several times each year at the Nybrogatan showrooms in central Stockholm.
History
This business was founded by Baron Claes Rålamb in 1674. Its services have been used by clients like Sweden's King Charles XI, who sold some hunting rifles for 900 silver coins, Sweden's King Gustav III, who acquired Rembrandt's painting entitled Kitchen Maid, and Swedish playwright August Strindberg, who purchased some books.
In 1993, private owners purchased Stockholms Auktionsverk from the City of Stockholm.
Li Pamp is the current CEO.
External links
Official site
Retail companies established in 1674
Swedish auction houses
1674 establishments in Sweden
In algebraic geometry, Chasles' theorem says that if two pencils of curves have no curves in common, then the intersections of those curves form another pencil of curves the degree of which can be calculated from the degrees of the initial two pencils.
The result is attributed to Michel Chasles (1793–1880).
References
M. Chasles (1865) Traité des Sections Coniques from Internet Archive
Theorems in algebraic geometry
Jonathan Brent (born 1949) is an American academic, author, historian and publisher. As a publisher, they are the director of the Annals of Communism series, which they founded in 1992.  They are currently the CEO and executive director of the YIVO Institute for Jewish Research, as well as Visiting Alger Hiss Professor of History and Literature at Bard College.
Biography
Jonathan Brent was born on December 2, 1949, to bookstore-owning parents Stuart and Jeanette Brent, a pianist; Jeanette died in 1954. They received a B.A. from Columbia University, and an M.A. and Ph.D. in English literature from the University of Chicago.  They are a writer, publisher, and teacher who has lectured around the world on subjects of Soviet and modern Jewish history. Their books have been translated into multiple languages.
From 1981-1991, Brent was editor-in-chief and director of the Northwestern University Press, where they established the series in East European and Russian literature. They served as editorial director and associate director of the Yale University Press from 1991-2009. In 1981, Brent founded the literary magazine Formations, which specialized in East European writing and thought.
They have taught courses in history and literature as the visiting Alger Hiss Professor of History and Literature at Bard College since 2004. In 2009, the YIVO Institute for Jewish Research named them its executive director and CEO. In 2014, with the cooperation of the government of the Republic of Lithuania Brent established the landmark Edward Blank YIVO Vilna Online Collections project at The YIVO Institute to preserve and digitize approximately 2.5 million documents and 12,200 books representing 500 years of Jewish history in Eastern Europe and Russia. In 2019, Brent received the Cross of the Knight of the Order of Merits to Lithuania for the "promotion of cooperation between Lithuania and YIVO and for the preservation of pre-War Jewish archives in Lithuania (United States of America)."
Works
Books published
The History of the Yiddish Language
The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe
The New Yiddish Library
The Posen Library of Jewish Culture and Civilization
The Last Days of the Jerusalem of Lithuania, by Herman Kruk
Books authored
Stalin's Last Crime
Inside the Stalin Archives plus Book Interview at the Pritzker Military Museum & Library on November 12, 2008
Sources
External links
Bard College: Jonathan Brent
1949 births
Living people
American publishers (people)
Bard College faculty
Jewish American historians
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
American male non-fiction writers
21st-century American Jews
Ernest Spiteri-Gonzi (born 21 October 1955) is a retired footballer who played as a striker. Born in England, they represented the Malta national team.
Club career
During their club career, Spiteri-Gonzi played for Hibernians. They twice became Maltese top goalscorer, in the 1980–81 and 1981–82 seasons. They were also voted Maltese Player of the Year in the 1981–82 season.
International career
Spieri-Gonzi has played for Malta and has earned a total of 20 caps, scoring 3 goals. They have represented their country in 4 FIFA World Cup qualification matches. On 18 March 1979, in a match against Turkey, they scored the first Maltese international goal in 17 years.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Aldershot
People with acquired Maltese citizenship
Maltese footballers
Malta international footballers
Association football forwards
Hibernians F.C. players
Footballers from Hampshire
Alexander Island is one of the five largest islands in the Easter Group of the Houtman Abrolhos. The island is part of the Houtman Abrolhos Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for supporting large numbers of breeding seabirds.
References
Easter Group
Important Bird Areas of Western Australia
Parnell Dickinson (born March 14, 1953) is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL) for one season. Over the course of their career, they played in eight games for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, completed 15 of 39 passes for 210 yards, threw one touchdown and five interceptions, and finished their career with a passer rating of 25.5.
A four-year starting quarterback at Mississippi Valley State University, Dickinson was the first quarterback drafted by the Buccaneers in franchise history, taken in the seventh round of the 1976 NFL Draft. They served as the backup quarterback behind Steve Spurrier their rookie season, and saw playing time in eight games, including one start against the Miami Dolphins. In their start vs Miami, Dickinson threw the first touchdown pass by a Tampa Bay quarterback in franchise history.
Their season ended after suffering an injury in a game against the Cleveland Browns. They recovered from the injury and tried to make the team in 1977, but was cut, ending their career. After retiring, they became a high school offensive coordinator in Tampa.
College career
Dickinson played college football at Mississippi Valley State. They were the quarterback for the team during their first-year student year in 1972. Their performances that season included a game against the Southern Jaguars where they completed 15 of 31 passes for 180 yards and rushed for two touchdowns in a 23–13 win. At the end of the season, Dickinson was named to the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) all-star team as a quarterback alongside Ralph Brock. In their sophomore year, Dickinson was awarded the team's top sportsman award, given to the player with the best attitude and morale.
In 1974, their junior year, Dickinson threw for 1,667 yards and 21 touchdowns over the course of the season. In their first three seasons, they led the Southwestern Athletic Conference in total offense. Dickinson's performances their senior year included a comeback victory over Prairie View A&M, when they threw a touchdown pass with just over a minute left to win the game, 27–26 after being down 26–14 with under four minutes left. After the season ended, they were named to the Black College All-American football team for the second year in a row.
Professional career
After graduating from college, Dickinson was selected by the expansion Tampa Bay Buccaneers with the 183rd overall pick in the seventh round of the 1976 NFL Draft. Buccaneers' head coach John McKay said that Dickinson was considered the second best prospect on their draft board behind Richard Todd. Steve Spurrier had the starting job wrapped up when they were signed to the team, and as a result Dickinson spent the offseason competing for a backup quarterback spot alongside Bill Cappleman and James Foote. Dickinson started off training camp by throwing the hardest passes of the four quarterbacks, and had a few accuracy issues in the process. Dickinson served as the second-string quarterback throughout the preseason. In a game against the Green Bay Packers, they led the Buccaneers to their first touchdown as a team. By the end of preseason, their place was on the roster was solidified behind Spurrier, as Cappleman and Foote were cut and replaced by Gary Valbuena and Larry Lawrence.
Dickinson completed one of five passes for 15 yards in their first professional game against the Houston Oilers after coming in for Spurrier late in the game. The following week, the Buccaneers faced the San Diego Chargers. In that game, Dickinson again came into the game, rushing three times for 54 yards and throwing an interception that was returned by Tom Hayes for a touchdown. They did not play against the Buffalo Bills the following week, but Spurrier ended up getting injured, meaning that Dickinson was slated to possibly get their first NFL start against the Baltimore Colts. Spurrier ended up starting the game, but Dickinson did see playing time against the Colts, completing one of five passes for 12 yards and throwing an interception in a 42–17 loss; they attempted only one pass the following week in a game against the Cincinnati Bengals.
Two weeks after the Bengals' game, Dickinson was slated to start against the Miami Dolphins on October 24, becoming the team's first African-American starting quarterback. In the game, they completed all four passes they attempted for 51 yards, and led a 71-yard touchdown drive. However, they suffered a twisted foot and ankle during the game, and was sidelined for what was then an indefinite amount of time. Dickinson returned two weeks later, failing to complete a pass in a game against the Denver Broncos, and allowing another interception that was returned by John Rowser for a touchdown. Dickinson had their most productive outing the following week, completing 7 of 13 passes for 103 yards in a loss to the New York Jets. Their last game of the season was against the Cleveland Browns. They completed two of three passes for 29 yards in the fourth quarter. After completing the first two passes, they were intercepted by Terry Brown and was hit late after throwing the pass. The result was torn ligaments in their left knee, which ended their season. Despite the season-ending injury, there was still optimism about Dickinson being the Buccaneers' quarterback of the future due to their scrambling ability.
Dickinson went through knee surgery during the offseason, but there was still concern about whether they had a future in the NFL. That was set aside when they were considered to be progressing well in their recovery as of early July 1977. During the Buccaneers' offseason, the quarterbacks on the roster changed entirely, with Dickinson being the only holdover; Gary Huff was now the starter, and Dickinson was fighting for a backup role alongside Mike Boryla and Randy Hedberg. After the Buccaneers lost Boryla and Huff to injuries, the former for the season, Dickinson ended up being the starting quarterback for the team's final preseason game against the Bills. In the game, Dickinson completed 2 of 12 passes for -2 yards and was sacked three times in a 17–6 loss. A week after the game against the Bills, Dickinson was released by the Buccaneers along with four other players. The Buccaneers re-signed them after Huff got injured in late October, but Dickinson was again released a couple weeks later.
In 1978, Dickinson signed with the New England Patriots. Their quarterback situation was set, and in order to make their way onto an NFL roster, they joined the team as a wide receiver. They were released from the team a month later, and ended their career with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
Later life
After retiring from football, Dickinson became an insurance salesperson and opened two daycare centers. They also became offensive coordinator at Tampa Catholic High School in the 1980s after being recruited by fellow Buccaneer Dave Lewis. In 1992, Dickinson became an inaugural member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference Hall of Fame.
See also
Racial issues faced by black quarterbacks
References
American football quarterbacks
Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils football players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
1953 births
Living people
People from Brighton, Alabama
African-American players of American football
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Idwal Iwrch (), or Idwal ap Cadwaladr (), is a figure in the genealogies of the kings of Gwynedd. They were the son of King Cadwaladr ap Cadwallon (reigned c. 655 – 682) and the father of King Rhodri Molwynog (died 754). William Wynne places Cynan Dindaethwy as their son, but other sources have Cynan as the son of Rhodri. The records of this era are scanty, and Idwal's name appears only in the pedigrees of later kings and in a prophecy found in two 14th-century Welsh manuscripts, which says that they will succeed their father Cadwaladr as king.
The only mention of Idwal Iwrch in the historical record is the appearance of their name in genealogies such as those from Jesus College MS. 20 (as the father of "Rhodri Molwynog son of Idwal Iwrch son of Cadwaladr Fendigiad") and the Harleian genealogies (as the father of "Rotri son of Intguaul son of Catgualart"). John Davies' History of Wales does not mention Idwal, while John Edward Lloyd's History says only that Idwal was Rhodri Molwynog's father. The King of Gwynedd during Idwal's lifetime is not known, and while they are one of the most likely candidates (because they were both the son of a king and the father of a king), there is no sufficiently reliable basis to either assert or deny it.
Idwal's name appears in the Dialogue between Myrddin and their sister Gwenddydd (), a Middle Welsh vaticinatory poem whose text is preserved in two medieval Welsh manuscripts, Peniarth 3 (c. 1300) and the Red Book of Hergest (c. 1380-1410). In the text's question-answer form, a succession of "future" kings is prophesied, with Idwal among them. This succession agrees with the historical genealogies from father to son, but does not agree with the known royal succession.
See also
Kings of Wales family trees
Citations
Medieval Welsh literature
7th-century Welsh monarchs
8th-century Welsh monarchs
WMGG (1470 AM) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Egypt Lake, Florida, whose main AM signal is exclusively digital via HD Radio. WMGG serves the Tampa Bay area and is owned by Daniel de la Rosa, through licensee DRC Broadcasting, Inc. WMGG airs a Spanish-language tropical radio format. The station uses the moniker "Ritmo 101.9".
WMGG's transmitter is off Cavacade Drive in Egypt Lake. It is powered at 2,800 watts by day. But at night, to protect other stations on AM 1470, WMGG reduces power to 800 watts. It uses a directional antenna at all times.
History
In 1954, the station first signed on as WDCL. Its city of license was Tarpon Springs, Florida, and it was a 5,000 watt daytimer, required to go off the air at sunset. WDCL was owned by the Freede-Miller Broadcasting Company, with Hal Freede serving as president and sales manager. J. McCarthy Miller was the general manager.
In the late 1960s and parts of the 1970s, the station played a mix of Top 40 and oldies with the call sign WCWR.
In the mid-1970s, the station became a news/talk station, with being the first station to have a Home Shopping radio program, which later spread all over the United States on television.
On May 17, 1984, the station became an affiliate of Dan Ingram's Top 40 Satellite Survey.
Prior to June 5, 2009, WMGG was an adult standards music station branded as "Mega 1470."
Prior to December 29, 2008, WMGG was an all-sports station as an ESPN Radio Network affiliate.
As a result of Genesis Communications' announced purchase of AM 1470, where the news/talk format of WWBA now airs at 820 AM, WHBO's sports format moved to WWBA's former frequency, 1040 AM, in October 2008, and simulcast on 1470 in the short-term. The WHBO call sign moved to 1040, with 1470 receiving new call letters, WMGG.
In 2011, WMGG switched to a talk radio format, picking up programs formerly on sister station 1040 WWBA (now WHBO).
Effective May 4, 2018, WMGG was sold to Nia Broadcasting, Inc. It switched to a simulcast of the Regional Mexican music format heard on co-owned 96.1 WTMP-FM in Dade City, Florida.
WMGG also switched its transmitter facilities to Egypt Lake, a suburb of Tampa, and no longer identifies Dunedin, Florida as its city of license. WMGG is diplexed with co-owned AM 1150 WTMP.
Full-time HD Radio transmission
In October 2020, WMGG announced the station will be changing their AM signal to a full digital AM signal in HD Radio using the MA3 mode.
On January 12, 2021, WMGG switched off their analog AM signal and is currently transmitting as a digital only HD Radio station using the MA3 mode. Because of this WMGG is the first radio station in the U.S. to use digital only mode after the FCC approved the voluntary use of all digital radio on AM; it becomes the second station to go all-digital in practice, as WWFD has operated under experimental authorization as an all-digital station since July 2018.
On August 31, 2021, WMGG flipped to Spanish tropical, branded as "Ritmo 101.9"., La Nueva de Tampa.
Effective November 9, 2021, Nia Broadcasting sold WMGG and translator W270DU to DRC Broadcasting, Inc. for $600,000.
Previous logo
References
External links
Genesis Communications, Inc.
MGG
Regional Mexican radio stations in the United States
MGG
The following are the national records in track cycling in Trinidad and Tobago maintained by the Trinidad and Tobago Cycling Federation.
Men
Women
References
External links
Trinidad and Tobago Cycling Federation website
Trinidad and Tobago Records (Updated 03.09.2017)
Trinidad
Records
Track cycling
track cycling
Los Llanos is a barrio in the municipality of Coamo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,862.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Los Llanos barrio was 1,064.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Coamo, Puerto Rico
Lake Balkhash was formed due to uneven subsidence of the Turan plate and flooding of the formed depressions presumably in the second period of the Cenozoic era. Elevated areas of the plate formed many small and several large Islands.
In total, there are 43 Islands on lake Balkhash, covering 66 square km. The Islands of Basaral, Tasaral, Ortaaral, Ozinaral, and Algazi are the most important and largest of the Balkhash Islands. There are few Islands in the salty part of Balkhash. Therefore, the current name of the lake comes from the word "Balkh" of the Tatar, Kazakh and South Altaic languages, which means "hummocks in the swamp".
Description
The island of Algazy is one of the largest and is located in the middle part of lake Balkhash, stretched from North-West to South-East for 7 kilometers, width from 1 to 3 kilometers, area of about 13 kilometers square. To the North of the island is the Baigabyl Peninsula. The island is separated from the North shore by a Strait 1.5 kilometers wide, and from the South by a Strait about 4 kilometers wide. The coast is flat, the North-Western part is most elevated, the absolute height is 366 meters above sea level. It is composed of Devonian sandstones with tuff layers.
The land surface near the lake is covered with sparse sagebrush-Solyanka vegetation on brown gravelly soils.
Between the long Baigabyl Peninsula and the wide Balay Peninsula, the lake is deeply cut by the narrow Bay of Balyktykol, which means "fish". In the middle of the very beginning of the Bay, small Islands stretch one after another — a real archipelago. At the exit of the Bay, almost opposite the village of Karakum, where the fish factory "Algazinsky" is located, is the last island of the archipelago. The locals call it "Shaitanka" which is Devil's island. All the other Islands combined under the name Abdikarim.
The first tiny island, like a large granite monument, is covered with green reeds on one side. It was a favorite resting place for cormorants. They left a lot of "business cards"on the light granite.
The second island looks like a rounded and green hill. It is overgrown with saltpeter and teresken. These two types of shrubs predominate only in these places. On one side of the island is an area of green reeds. The island with a diameter of about seventy meters is densely populated with birds: jackdaws, grey herons, silver gulls, Kestrels. All this feathered society is tolerant of each other.
One of the Islands of the archipelago is located opposite the tiny and semi-abandoned village of Sarykamys. It is very picturesque, strongly indented, it has two large lakes connected by a narrow channel with Balkhash, several wonderful beaches. Lonely mounds crown the highest parts of the island, and on a small plain near the shore is a circle, about ten meters in diameter, laid out of large stones, half-buried in the soil.
The ancient mounds are all made of large rubble brought from the shore. Near each were groups of stones. Time has changed their location, but sometimes they have kept the shape of a regular circle or rectangle. Near one of them, a stone circle was made up of large, upright stones. All this resembled Saka burial sites.
Climate
The climate of the area where the lake is located is of the desert type. Precipitation is extremely low: the average monthly figure is no more than 11-12 mm.the wettest month is may, during which up to 16 mm of precipitation falls. On average, no more than 111 mm per year. The warmest month of the year is July, the air warms up to +30 °C. Winter is quite mild, the temperature minimum is recorded annually in January: no more than -14 °C.
Tourism
The lake has recreational potential. Various sporting events have been held for several years as part of the movement to preserve the lake's diverse landscapes. Tourist infrastructure of the lake is almost not developed.
Location and attendance
Lake Balkhash is located in the South-East of Kazakhstan in 3 regions of the country: Karaganda, Almaty and Zhambyl regions. In the North of the lake begins the border of the Kazakh melkosopochnik, in the West – the Betpak-Dala desert, in the South-the Chu-ili ridge, the Taukum and saryesik-Atyrau Sands. The territory of the lake has a favorable acoustic environment (silence, melodic sounds in nature). The number of tourists for a single visit to the natural monument is not limited. The best time to travel is from April to October.
Sources
Marikovsky P. I. Around the blue lake : (a Story about lake Balkhash). - Almaty, 2000. - 295 p.
Marikovsky P. I. Forgotten Islands (Oz. Balkhash). - M.: Thought, 1991. - 238 p. - .
Samakova, A. B. Problems of hydro-ecological resilience in the basin of lake Balkhash. - Almaty: Khaganat, 2003. - 583 p.
Romanova S. M., Kazangapova, N. B. Lake Balkhash is a unique hydroecological system. - Almaty:, 2003. - 175 p.
Lake islands of Kazakhstan
The Deep Freeze Range () is a rugged mountain range, over long and about wide, rising between Priestley and Campbell glaciers in Victoria Land, Antarctica, and extending from the edge of the polar plateau to Terra Nova Bay. Peaks in the low and mid portions of the range were observed by early British expeditions to the Ross Sea.
The range was mapped in detail by the USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1955-63. Named by US-ACAN in recognition of the splendid support to research provided by the U.S. Navy's Operation Deep Freeze expeditions to Antarctica for many years beginning in 1954.
Geological features
Mount Adamson
Mount Adamson () is a peak, high, rising east-northeast of Mount Hewson. Named by the northern party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), 1965–66, for R. Adamson, geologist with this party.
Mount Dickason
Mount Dickason () is a prominent mountain, high, at the head of Boomerang Glacier. First mapped by the Northern Party of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910–13, and named for Seaman Harry Dickason, Royal Navy (RN), a member of the Northern Party.
Mount Hewson
Mount Hewson () is a bluff-type mountain (3,720 m) standing WSW of Mount Adamson. Named by the southern party of NZGSAE, 1962–63, for R.W. Hewson, leader and surveyor of this party; also a surveyor for the northern party of NZGSAE, 1961-62.
Mount Queensland
Mount Queensland () is a prominent mountain, high, standing north of Mount Dickason. It was discovered by the Discovery Expedition, 1901–04, which named this mountain for the State of Queensland, Australia, in recognition of the assistance given the expedition by its government.
Shafer Peak
Shafer Peak () is a prominent peak, high, standing south of Mount Hewson. Mapped by the USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1955-63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Cdt. Willard G. Shafer, (CEC) U.S. Navy, officer in charge of the nuclear power plant at McMurdo Station, winter party 1965.
Cape Sastrugi
Cape Sastrugi projects from the west side of range, overlooking the north portion of Nansen Ice Sheet.
Glaciers
Rebuff Glacier
Rebuff Glacier is a tributary glacier which descends from the Deep Freeze Range before entering Campbell Glacier.
References
Mountain ranges of Victoria Land
The Trollhättan Water Tower is a landmark in central Trollhättan in Västergötland, Sweden. It is located next to Drottningtorget ("the Queen's Square") and University College West. The tower was built in 1909 by architect Erik Josephsson at the same year as Olidan Power Station. In 1992 it was converted to a tower of apartments. In total the tower consists of nine one or two storey apartments.
Notes
See also
Water tower
Water towers in Sweden
Towers completed in 1909
Listed buildings in Sweden
Infrastructure completed in 1909
Trollhättan Municipality
Rapeseed oil is one of the oldest known vegetable oils. There are both edible and industrial forms produced from the seed of several cultivars of the plant family Brassicaceae. Historically, it was eaten in limited quantities due to high levels of erucic acid, which is damaging to cardiac muscle of animals and imparts a bitter taste, and glucosinolates, which made it less nutritious in animal feed. Rapeseed oil can contain up to 54% erucic acid.
It comes from rapeseed
Canola oil is a food-grade version derived from rapeseed cultivars bred for low erucic acid content. Also known as low erucic acid rapeseed (LEAR) oil, it has been generally recognized as safe by the United States Food and Drug Administration. Canola oil is limited by government regulation to a maximum of 2% erucic acid by weight in the US and the EU, with special regulations for infant food. These low levels of erucic acid do not cause harm in humans.
Rapeseed is extensively cultivated in Canada, France, Belgium, the United Kingdom, the United States, the Netherlands, Germany, Denmark, and Poland. In France and Denmark, especially, the extraction of the oil is an important industry. In commerce, the traditional rapeseed oils are colza oil, turnip rape oil, Sarson oil, toria oil (Brassica rapa ssp.), and ravison oil, which are very closely allied in both source and properties.
History
The name for rapeseed comes from the Latin word meaning turnip. Turnip, rutabaga (swede), cabbage, Brussels sprouts, and mustard are related to rapeseed. Rapeseed belongs to the genus Brassica. Brassica oilseed varieties are some of the oldest plants cultivated by humanity, with documentation of its use in India 4,000 years ago, and use in China and Japan 2,000 years ago. Its use in Northern Europe for oil lamps is documented to the 13th century. Rapeseed oil extracts were first put on the market in 1956–1957 as food products, but these suffered from several unacceptable characteristics. Rapeseed oil had a distinctive taste and a greenish colour, due to the presence of chlorophyll. It also contained a high concentration of erucic acid.
Canola was bred from rapeseed cultivars of B. napus and B. rapa at the University of Manitoba, Canada, by Keith Downey and Baldur R. Stefansson in the early 1970s, having then a different nutritional profile than present-day oil in addition to much less erucic acid. Canola was originally a trademark name of the Rapeseed Association of Canada, and the name was a condensation of "Can" from Canada and "OLA " meaning "Oil, low acid", but is now a generic term for edible varieties of rapeseed oil in North America and Australasia. The change in name serves to distinguish it from natural rapeseed oil, which has much higher erucic acid content.
A genetically engineered rapeseed that is tolerant to the herbicide Roundup (glyphosate) was first introduced to Canada in 1995 (Roundup Ready canola). A genetically modified variety developed in 1998 is considered to be the most disease- and drought-resistant canola variety to date. In 2009, 90% of the Canadian crop was herbicide-tolerant. In 2005, 87% of the canola grown in the US was genetically modified. In 2011, out of the 31 million hectares of canola grown worldwide, 8.2 million (26%) were genetically modified.
A 2010 study conducted in North Dakota found glyphosate- or glufosinate-resistance transgenes in 80% of wild natural rapeseed plants, and a few plants that were resistant to both herbicides. This may reduce the effectiveness of the herbicide tolerance trait for weed control over time, as the weed species could also become tolerant to the herbicide. However, one of the researchers agrees that "feral populations could have become established after trucks carrying cultivated GM seeds spilled some of their load during transportation". They also note that the GM canola results they found may have been biased as they only sampled along roadsides.
Genetically modified canola attracts a price penalty compared to non-GM canola; in Western Australia, it is estimated to be 7.2% on average.
Production and trade
In 2019, world production of rapeseed oil was 24 million tonnes, led by Canada, China, and India as the largest producers, accounting together for 40% of the world total. Canada was the world's largest exporter of rapeseed oil in 2019, shipping 3.2 million tonnes or approximately 76% of its total production.
The benchmark price for worldwide canola trade is the ICE Futures Canada (formerly Winnipeg Commodity Exchange) canola futures contract.
In China, rapeseed meal is mostly used as a soil fertilizer rather than for animal feed, while canola is used mainly for frying food. In the words of one observer, "China has a vegetable oil supply shortage of 20 million tonnes per year. It covers a large percentage of that shortage with soybean imports from Brazil, the U.S. and Argentina."
GMO regulation
There are several forms of genetic modification, such as herbicide (glyphosate and glufosinate, for example) tolerance and different qualities in canola oil. Regulation varies from country to country; for example, glyphosate-resistant canola has been approved in Australia, Canada, China, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Philippines, and the US, while Laurical, a product with a different oil composition, has been approved for growing only in Canada and the US.
In 2003, Australia's gene technology regulator approved the release of canola genetically modified to make it resistant to glufosinate ammonium, a herbicide. The introduction of the genetically modified crop to Australia generated considerable controversy. Canola is Australia's third biggest crop, and is used often by wheat farmers as a break crop to improve soil quality. As of 2008, the only genetically modified crops in Australia were canola, cotton, and carnations.
GMO litigation
Genetically modified canola has become a point of controversy and contentious legal battles. In one high-profile case (Monsanto Canada Inc v. Schmeiser) the Monsanto Company sued Percy Schmeiser for patent infringement after they replanted canola seed they had harvested from their field, which they discovered was contaminated with Monsanto's patented glyphosate-tolerant canola by spraying it with glyphosate, leaving only the resistant plants. The Canadian Supreme Court ruled that Percy was in violation of Monsanto's patent because they knowingly isolated and replanted the resistant seed that they had harvested. On 19 March 2008, Schmeiser and Monsanto Canada Inc. came to an out-of-court settlement whereby Monsanto would pay for the clean-up costs of the contamination, which came to a total of C$660. In Western Australia, in the Marsh v Baxter case, a GM canola farmer was sued by their organic neighbour because GM canola contamination led to the loss of organic certification. Although the facts of the case and the losses to the organic farmer were agreed between the parties, the judge did not find the GM farmer liable for the losses.
Production process
Canola oil is made at a processing facility by slightly heating and then crushing the seed. Almost all commercial canola oil is then extracted using hexane solvent, which is recovered at the end of processing. Finally, the canola oil is refined using water precipitation and organic acid to remove gums and free fatty acids, filtering to remove color, and deodorizing using steam distillation. Sometimes the oil is also bleached for a lighter color.The average density of canola oil is .
Cold-pressed and expeller-pressed canola oil are also produced on a more limited basis. About 44% of a seed is oil, with the remainder as a canola meal used for animal feed. About of canola seed makes of canola oil. Canola oil is a key ingredient in many foods. Its reputation as a healthful oil has created high demand in markets around the world, and overall it is the third-most widely consumed vegetable oil, after soybean oil and palm oil.
The oil has many non-food uses and, like soybean oil, is often used interchangeably with non-renewable petroleum-based oils in products, including industrial lubricants, biodiesel, candles, lipsticks, and newspaper inks.
Canola vegetable oils certified as organic are required to be from non-GMO rapeseed.
Nutrition and health
Canola oil is considered safe for human consumption, and has a relatively low amount of saturated fat, a substantial amount of monounsaturated fat, with roughly a 2:1 mono- to polyunsaturated fats ratio.
In 2006, canola oil was given a qualified health claim by the United States Food and Drug Administration for lowering the risk of coronary heart disease, resulting from its significant content of unsaturated fats; the allowed claim for food labels states:"Limited and not conclusive scientific evidence suggests that eating about 1 tablespoons (19 grams) of canola oil daily may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease due to the unsaturated fat content in canola oil. To achieve this possible benefit, canola oil is to replace a similar amount of saturated fat and not increase the total number of calories you eat in a day. One serving of this product contains [x] grams of canola oil."A 2013 review, sponsored by the Canola Council of Canada and the U.S. Canola Association, concluded there was a substantial reduction in total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and an increase in tocopherol levels and improved insulin sensitivity, compared with other sources of dietary fat. A 2014 review of health effects from consuming plant oils rich in alpha-linolenic acid, including canola, stated that there was moderate benefit for lower risk of cardiovascular diseases, bone fractures, and type-2 diabetes.
A 2019 review of randomized clinical trials found that canola oil consumption reduces total cholesterol (TC) and LDL compared to sunflower oil and saturated fat. Consumption of canola oil has been shown to reduce body weight when compared with saturated fat.
Regarding individual components, canola oil is low in saturated fat and contains both omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in a ratio of 2:1. It is high in monounsaturated fats, which may decrease the risk of heart disease.
Erucic acid
Although wild rapeseed oil contains significant amounts of erucic acid, the cultivars used to produce commercial, food-grade canola oil were bred to contain less than 2% erucic acid, an amount deemed not significant as a health risk. To date, no health effects have been associated with dietary consumption of erucic acid by humans; but tests of erucic acid metabolism in other species imply that higher levels may be detrimental. Canola oil produced using genetically modified plants has also not been shown to explicitly produce adverse effects.
The erucic acid content in canola oil has been reduced over the years. In western Canada, a reduction occurred from the average content of 0.5% between 1987 and 1996 to a current content of 0.01% from 2008 to 2015. Other reports also show a content lower than 0.1% in Australia and Brazil.
It is usually accepted that it poses no unusual health risks, and its consumption in food-grade forms is generally recognized as safe by the United States Food and Drug Administration.
Comparison to other vegetable oils
Uses
Apart from its use for human consumption, rapeseed oil is extensively used as a lubricant for machinery. It was widely used in European domestic lighting before the advent of coal (city) gas or kerosene. It was the preferred oil for train pot lamps, and was used for lighting railway coaches in the United Kingdom before gas lighting, and later electric lighting, were adopted. Burned in a Carcel lamp, it was part of the definition of the French standard measure for illumination, the carcel, for most of the nineteenth century. In lighthouses, for example in early Canada, rapeseed oil was used before the introduction of mineral oil. Rapeseed oil was used with the Argand burner because it was cheaper than whale oil. Rapeseed oil was burned to a limited extent in the Confederacy during the American Civil War.
Rapeseed oil was used in Gombault's Caustic Balsam, a popular horse and human liniment at the turn of the 20th century.
Among the more unusual applications of rapeseed oil is the calming of choppy seas, where the oil modifies the surface tension of the water and rapidly smooths the surface. For this purpose, rapeseed oil was carried in ship's lifeboats.
Biodiesel
Rapeseed oil is used as diesel fuel, either as biodiesel, straight in heated fuel systems, or blended with petroleum distillates for powering motor vehicles. Biodiesel may be used in pure form in newer engines without engine damage and is frequently combined with fossil-fuel diesel in ratios varying from 2% to 20% biodiesel. Owing to the costs of growing, crushing, and refining rapeseed biodiesel, rapeseed-derived biodiesel from new oil costs more to produce than standard diesel fuel, so diesel fuels are commonly made from the used oil. Rapeseed oil is the preferred oil stock for biodiesel production in most of Europe, accounting for about 80% of the feedstock, partly because rapeseed produces more oil per unit of land area compared to other oil sources, such as soybeans, but primarily because canola oil has a significantly lower gel point than most other vegetable oils.
Because of the changes to the environment caused by climate change, a 2018 study predicted that rapeseed would become an unreliable source of oil for biofuels.
Other edible rapeseed oils
Some less-processed versions of rapeseed oil are used for flavor in some countries. Chinese rapeseed oil was originally extracted from the field mustard. In the 19th century, rapeseed (B. rapa) was introduced by European traders, and local farmers crossed the new plant with field mustard to produce semi-winter rapeseed. The accidentally similar genetic makeup in this cultivar to canola means the Chinese rape also contains lower levels of erucic acid. The flavor of the oil comes from a different production process: the seeds are toasted before being expeller-pressed, imparting a special flavor. In India, mustard oil is used in cooking. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, some chefs use a "cabbagey" rapeseed oil processed by cold-pressing. This cold process means that the oil has a low smoke point, and is therefore unsuitable for frying in Sichuan cuisine, for example.
Spanish rapeseed poisoning outbreak
In 1981, there was an oil poisoning outbreak, later known as toxic oil syndrome that was attributed to people consuming what they thought was olive oil but turned out to be rapeseed cooking oil that had been denatured with 2% aniline (phenylamine). The substance was intended for industrial use but had been adulterated and illegally sold as olive oil, mainly in street markets, mostly in the Madrid area.
See also
List of canola diseases
Triangle of U
References
Lubricants
Brassica
Cooking oils
Vegetable oils
Alter Ego is an adventure game developed by the Czech company Future Games in 2010. The game uses the AGDS Engine. It was the last game by Future Games.
Story
The story takes place in Plymouth of 19th century. Sir William, who is a suspected serial killer, dies. Their body disappears and people in town start to disappear. The story revolves around police investigator Briscol and thief Timothy Moor who is involved in the case against theirs will.
Reception
The game's reception has been average. The game was praised for its graphics and atmosphere but was criticized for its difficulty, story and ending.
References
Adventure games
Point-and-click adventure games
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games about police officers
Video games developed in the Czech Republic
Video games set in the 19th century
Video games set in England
Video games set in Plymouth
2010 video games
The Juno Award for Rap Single of the Year is an annual Canadian music award, presented by the Juno Awards to honour songs by Canadian hip hop artists. Announced at the Juno Awards of 2021, it will be presented for the first time at the Juno Awards of 2022.
The award will be presented alongside a new category for Rap Album or EP of the Year.
Until 2022, albums and individual songs were considered together under the single Rap Recording of the Year category. The changes were announced to coincide with the 30th anniversary of the creation of the Junos rap category.
Winners and nominees
References
Rap Single
Canadian hip hop
Carouxella is a genus of fungi in the Harpellaceae family. The genus contains two species that grow in Diptera.
References
External links
Zygomycota genera
Paillataru was the toqui of the Mapuche from 1564 to 1574. They succeeded Illangulién in 1564 following their death in the Battle of Angol. Paillataru was said to be the brother or cousin of Lautaro.
During the first years of their command they led raids from time to time to ravage and plunder the possessions of the Spaniards, always avoiding a decisive conflict. In 1565, Paillataru with a body of troops harassed the neighborhood of the city of Cañete... The Real Audiencia of Chile that had taken control of the government of Chile, attempted to make peace with Paillataru. They conducted negotiations but with the aim to delay the conflict not end it. During the negotiations, Paillataru took the opportunity to build a pukara in a naturally strong position within two leagues of Cañete.
When it became known in Concepción of Paillataru's activity, the court lost their hopes for peace, and appointed captain Martin Ruiz de Gamboa to head an army of 100 Spaniards and 200 Indian auxiliaries with Lorenzo Bernal del Mercado as their Maestro de Campo. Gamboa's force stormed the fortress and after a long fight captured it after setting it afire, and dispersed Paillataru's army killing 200 of them and capturing some others. Following the battle, Pedro Cortez with a party of cazadores harassed the country immediately around the city so well that for a long time the Mapuche could not gather to conduct operations of significance.
In 1568 Paillataru had collected a new army and occupied the heights of Catirai. Immediately, the new governor Melchor Bravo de Saravia marched against the toqui with three hundred Spanish soldiers and a large number of Indian auxiliaries. There Paillataru gave the Spaniards a defeat and the governor escaped with the remnant of their troops to Angol, where they resigned the command of the army, appointing Gamboa as its general. Intimidated by their defeat, they ordered Gamboa to evacuate the fortress of Arauco, leaving large numbers of horses to be captured by the Mapuche.
Paillataru, who had moved from Catirai to destroy the Spanish fort at Quiapo, marched afterward against Canete, which they attempted to besiege. However Gamboa advanced to meet them with all the troops they could raise and in a long bloody battle compelled Paillataru to retreat. Gamboa followed up by invading Araucanian territory, intending to ravage it as they had before but Paillataru with fresh levies returned and compelled Gamboa to retreat.
Paillataru was succeeded on their death by the toqui Paineñamcu, the Mapuche name of the mestizo Alonzo Diaz.
References
Sources
Vicente Carvallo y Goyeneche, Descripcion Histórico Geografía del Reino de Chile (Description Historical Geography of the Kingdom of Chile), University of Chile: Document Collections in complete texts: Cronicles (online in Spanish)(History of Chile 1425-1788)Capítulo LVI, LVIII, LIX.
16th-century Mapuche people
1574 deaths
Indigenous leaders of the Americas
Captaincy General of Chile
People of the Arauco War
Year of birth unknown
Woden Valley Rams Rugby League Club is an Australian rugby league football club based in Woden, Australian Capital Territory formed in 1967. In 2018, the Rams won their first premiership since 1996 beating the Tuggeranong Bushrangers 31–30.
Notable juniors
Nigel Gaffey (1989–2000 Canberra Raiders, Sydney Roosters & Penrith Panthers)
David Cox (1995–99 Canberra Raiders & Illawarra Steelers)
Luke Priddis (1997–2010 Canberra Raiders, Brisbane Broncos, Penrith Panthers & St George Illawarra Dragons)
Lincoln Withers (2000–13 Canberra Raiders, Wests Tigers, St George Illawarra Dragons & Hull F.C.)
Brenton Lawrence (2011–present Gold Coast Titans & Manly Sea Eagles)
Sami Sauiluma (2013–present Canberra Raiders, Cronulla Sharks & Gold Coast Titans)
Bailey Simonsson (2018–present Canberra Raiders)
Junior Tupou (2022- Wests Tigers)
John Jarvie. (1980-1984 [[Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbits]
References
John Jarvie ( 1981-1984 Cronulla Sharks South Sydney Rabbits )
External links
Sporting clubs in Canberra
Rugby league teams in the Australian Capital Territory
Rugby clubs established in 1967
1967 establishments in Australia
Al-Nassr won the championship for the fifth times after beating outsiders Al-Riyadh in the final.
The end of season playoffs were changed to one-legged affairs from the previous home-and-away two-legged matchups.
Allowed the team record 3 foreign players in this year, and preparations for the national team camps
Stadia and locations
Final league table
Promoted: Al Nejmeh, Al Rawda.
Playoffs
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Fainaru is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Belu-Simion Fainaru (born 1959), Israeli sculptor
Mark Fainaru-Wada, American journalist and book author
Steve Fainaru, American journalist, Pulitzer Prize winner
Joseph Fainaru (1921 Peatra Neamt-2000 Paris), Israeli, French, Canadian Painter Sculptor
Deilig er fjorden! (The Fjord Is Lovely!) is a 1985 Norwegian comedy film directed by Jan Erik Düring, starring Rolv Wesenlund, Elsa Lystad and Sverre Holm. Terje Svahberg (Wesenlund) has been saving money for years to buy a summer house, but suddenly decides they want a boat instead. As they and their family prepare for their summer vacation, they encounter several problems, both practical and financial.
The film title is a pun on the psalm "Deilig er jorden" ("Fairest Lord Jesus").
References
External links
1985 films
1985 comedy films
Norwegian comedy films
1980s Norwegian-language films
Films directed by Jan Erik Düring
Michal Gulaši (born 18 July 1986) is a Czech professional ice hockey player. They currently play with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga (ELH).
Player career
Gulaši played as a youth within HC Vítkovice through to the under 18 and 20 levels before continuing their development in North America, playing major junior with the Lethbridge Hurricanes of the Western Hockey League (WHL).
Undrafted, Gulaši returned to their native Czech Republic with HC Vítkovice, to start their professional career in the Czech Extraliga in the 2005–06 season.
They later played with HC Sparta Praha from 2008 to 2011, and HC Energie Karlovy Vary from 2011 to 2016, with a season stint in the Swedish HockeyAllsvenskan for Södertälje SK.
Gulaši joined their fourth Extraliga club, HC Kometa Brno for the 2016–17 season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
BK Mladá Boleslav players
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Kometa Brno players
Lethbridge Hurricanes players
Södertälje SK players
AZ Havířov players
HC Sparta Praha players
HC Vítkovice players
HC Karlovy Vary players
Sportspeople from Ostrava
This is a timeline of incidents in 2006 that have been labelled as terrorism and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
January
Total incidents:
February
Total incidents:
March
Total incidents:
April
Total incidents:
May
Total incidents:
June
Total incidents:
July
Total incidents:
August
Total incidents:
September
Total incidents:
October
Total incidents:
November
Total incidents:
December
Total incidents:
References
2006
2006
2006
Terr
The Museum of Indigenous People, formerly known as the Smoki Museum of American Indian Art and Culture, is located in Prescott, Yavapai County, Arizona holds collections of Native American artifacts.
History
The museum was started, in part, due to the efforts of Kate Cory, who donated eight of their paintings and their photograph album for its collection, and Dr. Byron Cummings of the University of Arizona in order to house some of the artifacts they and their crews were excavating at the time. Sharlot Hall provided other ethnographic information. The museum evolved from events conducted by a group of white Arizona residents who enacted Native American ceremonial dances, which was not appreciated by the Hopi people. The white ceremonial enactors called themselves the "Smoki Tribe."
Beginning in 1931, Smokis met and held ceremonial presentations at a pueblo next to the current museum location. The stone and log museum building was constructed in 1935 by the Civilian Works Administration and operated as a museum. By 1990, the "Smoki Tribe" no longer performed dances due in part to pressure by Hopis to desist what were considered insulting portrayals of their sacred ceremonial practices. Instead of "Smoki Tribe" performances, the museum hosts educational programs. In 1991 the museum became a non-profit museum. It is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Effective Feb. 10, 2020, the museum is named the Museum of Indigenous People (MIP)
Overview
Its more than 2000 artifacts include pottery, basketry, lithics and beadwork. The articles range in age dating from the Pre-Columbian era up to modern times. The baskets in the museum collection are considered among the best in the United States, and the pottery displays are impressive. Other exhibits rotate on an irregular schedule, but average 4–6 months in duration.
See also
List of museums in Arizona
References
Further reading
Ginger Johnson. Native American Baskets of the Smoki Museum. Ginger Johnson; 1997.
Leonard Peltier; Adam Mikos; Smoki Museum. Warrior Elder: Paintings. Smoki Museum American Indian Art and Culture; 2007.
Smoki Museum; Arizona Archaeological Society. Yavapai Chapter. The Smoki Museum and the Yavapai Chapter of the Arizona Archaeological Society Present the Puzzle of Ancient Prescott: Pieces from Coyote Ruin. Smoki Museum; 2005.
Smoki People, Inc; Prescott Chamber of Commerce, Arizona. Smoki Museum: Artifacts of the Ancient Southwestern Indian Preserved by the Smoki People, Prescott, Arizona. Smoki People;
Museums in Prescott, Arizona
Native American museums in Arizona
Motherwell West is one of the twenty-one wards used to elect members of the North Lanarkshire Council. It elects three councillors and covers parts of Motherwell lying west of the Argyle Line and Cumbernauld line railways, including the Forgewood, Greenacres, Ladywell and North Motherwell neighbourhoods, with a population of 14,256 in 2019; created in 2007, its boundaries remained unchanged in a 2017 national review.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2017 Election
2017 North Lanarkshire Council election
2012 Election
2012 North Lanarkshire Council election
2007 Election
2007 North Lanarkshire Council election
References
Wards of North Lanarkshire
Motherwell
This article contains a list of virtualization-capable IOMMU-supporting hardware.
Intel based
List of Intel and Intel-based hardware that supports VT-d (Intel Virtualization Technology for Directed I/O).
CPUs
Server
The vast majority of Intel server chips of the Xeon E3, Xeon E5, and Xeon E7 product lines support VT-d.
The first—and least powerful—Xeon to support VT-d was the E5502 launched Q1'09 with two cores at 1.86 GHz on a 45 nm process. Many or most Xeons subsequent to this support VT-d.
See Advanced Search: feature=VT-d and segment=server for the full list.
Desktop
VT-d on i7 3930K and i7 3960X only works on C2 stepping.
Motherboards
Intel
Gigabyte
ASRock
Asus
(1) 48 GB with CPU as xeon x5680 and 8GB DIMMs
MSI
Chipset
Intel Z490
Intel Z370
Intel Z170
Intel X99
Intel X79
Intel Q170
Intel Q150
Intel Q87
Intel Q77
Intel Q67
Intel Q45
Intel P55
Intel Q35, X38, X48 Q45
Intel HM87, QM87, HM86, C222, X99, C612, C226
AMD based
List of AMD and AMD-based hardware that supports IOMMU. AMD's implementation of IOMMU is also known as AMD-Vi. Please note that just because a motherboard uses a chipset that supports IOMMU does not mean it is able to and the bios must have an ACPI IVRS table to enable the use of it. At least one Asus board is known to have faulty BIOSes with corrupt ACPI IVRS tables; for such cases, under Linux, it is possible to specify custom mappings to override the faulty and/or missing BIOS-provided ones through the use of the ivrs_ioapic and ivrs_hpet kernel parameters.
CPUs
List of AMD-V and AMD-RVI capable AMD CPUs. All Ryzen processors so far (1xxx-5xxx) support it.
Desktop
Server
AMD Opteron (3000, 4000 and 6000 series at least)
AMD EPYC Series of Products
Dell Poweredge 710 (4 x pcie 8-way sockets. Needs end opening for 16-way cards). Successfully set up libvirt qemu with Nvidia 1650 for gaming and Nvidia 720 for Kodi running two VMs simultaneously. 7.1 HDMI passthrough and 2160p.
Motherboards
Chipset
AMD X570
AMD X470
AMD X370
AMD B350
AMD 890FX
AMD 9-series
AMD A55, A75, A85, A88X
SR5650/SR5670/SR5690
Tested graphics card
List of GPUs tested on some VirtualMachine with IOMMU.
qemu-kvm can't assign VGA and other PCI device at same time, due to SeaBIOS limitations (fixed on git).
AMD
Note: Newer AMD cards no longer have FLR bug as of 2021. This bug required a host reboot when GPU is in undefined state. https://github.com/gnif/vendor-reset
Nvidia
References
Hardware virtualization
Computer peripherals
Hendford may refer to:
Hendford railway station
West Hendford Cricket Ground
See also
Hennffordd, Welsh name for Hereford
Headford
Herford
St. Munchin's takes its name from Saint Munchin, the first bishop of Limerick. It may refer to:
St Munchin's College, a second-level education college located in the Limerick city suburb of Corbally
St. Munchin's Parish, a civil parish lying partly in County Limerick and partly in County Clare
Andahuaylas Airport is a high-elevation airport serving Andahuaylas, Peru. It is an important airport in the Apurímac Region as being the only one capable of receiving commercial flights. It is operated by the civil government. Apart from its scheduled flights, it also has many charter flights.
The airport is southeast of Andahuaylas, and sits on a mesa above the Chumbao River, which continues north and west into the town. There is high terrain in all quadrants.
See also
Transport in Peru
List of airports in Peru
List of the highest commercial airports
References
External links
SkyVector Aeronautical Charts
OurAirports - Andahuaylas
Airports in Peru
Buildings and structures in Apurímac Region
Shelley Ann Gorman-Sandie (born 22 January 1969 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a retired female basketball player from Australia, who played for the Canberra Capitals. A three-time Olympian they were a member of the national women's team that claimed the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. They attended the Australian Institute of Sport in 1987.
In 2010, Sandie was elected to the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame.
See also
WNBL Top Shooter Award
WNBL All-Star Five
External links
Basketball Victoria Annual Report (p.29)
Basketball Australia Hall of Fame
References
Basketball-reference.com profile
FIBA Archive (1985 Junior Championship)
FIBA Archive (other competitions)
1969 births
Living people
Australian women's basketball players
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of Australia
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
Sportswomen from Victoria (Australia)
Canberra Capitals players
Olympic medalists in basketball
Australian Institute of Sport basketball (WNBL) players
Basketball players from Melbourne
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Bosta () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Nancy Faeser (born 13 July 1970) is a German lawyer and politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD), serving as Federal Minister of the Interior and Community in Chancellor Olaf Scholz's cabinet since 2021. They served as a member of the State Parliament of Hesse from the 2003 elections until 2021. In 2019, they became the party's leader in Hesse, succeeding Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel.
Professional career
Academic career
Faeser went to elementary school in Schwalbach am Taunus, a suburb of Frankfurt am Main, and passed their high school diploma (German: Abitur) at the Albert-Einstein-Gymnasium.
From 1990 to 2000 Faeser studied Law at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University in Frankfurt. They completed a semester abroad at New College of California and graduated with their second state bar exam as a licensed attorney.
Career as lawyer
Until 2000, Faeser worked as a research assistant at Clifford Chance in Frankfurt am Main and then, after their bar exam, worked as a full-time lawyer at Clifford Chance from 2000 to 2007.
Career in state politics
Faeser joined the SPD in 1988.
In parliament, Faeser has served as a member of the Committee on Legal Affairs (2003–2009), the Committee on the Election of Judges (2003–2013), the Committee on Economic Affairs, Energy and Transport (2014–2018) and the Committee on Internal Affairs (since 2009). From 2009, they were their parliamentary group's spokesperson on internal affairs.
In the 2013 Hesse state election, Faeser was the shadow minister for internal affairs in the campaign team of SPD candidate Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel. In 2019, they were elected their parliamentary group's chairperson.
Minister of the Interior, 2021–present
In the negotiations to form a so-called traffic light coalition of the SPD, the Green Party and the Free Democrats (FDP) following the 2021 German elections, Faeser was part of their party's delegation in the working group on migration and integration, co-chaired by Boris Pistorius, Luise Amtsberg and Joachim Stamp.
After the coalition was successfully formed, on 6 December 2021, it was announced that Faeser would become the first female Interior Minister of Germany in the German government in the Scholz cabinet. In their capacity as minister, Faeser also takes part in the meetings of the Standing Conference of Interior Ministers and Senators of the States (IMK).
Faeser was nominated by their party as delegate to the Federal Convention for the purpose of electing the President of Germany in 2022.
Other activities
German Foundation for Active Citizenship and Volunteering (DSEE), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2022)
EBS Law School, Member of the Board of Trustees
Hessischer Rundfunk, Member of the Broadcasting Council
Personal life
Faeser has been married to lawyer Eyke Grüning since 2012. The couple has a son and lives in Schwalbach am Taunus.
References
1970 births
Living people
21st-century German women politicians
Female interior ministers
Interior ministers of Germany
Members of the Landtag of Hesse
Politicians from Hesse
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Let Us Play! is the fourth album by Coldcut, released on 8 September 1997. It was their first album to be released on their own label, Ninja Tune.
It was featured in the video game LittleBigPlanet for the PlayStation Portable
Track listing
LP version
Side one
"Return to Margin"
"Atomic Moog 2000 (Post Nuclear Afterlife Lounge Mix)"
"Noah's Toilet"
Side two
"More Beats + Pieces (Daddy Rips It Up Mix)"
"Rubaiyat"
"Pan Opticon"
Side three
"Music 4 No Musicians"
"Space Journey"
"Timber"
Side four
"Every Home a Prison"
"Cloned Again"
"I'm Wild About That Thing (The Lost Sex Tapes: Position 1)"
CD version
Disc one
"Return to Margin"
"Atomic Moog 2000 (Post Nuclear Afterlife Lounge Mix)"
"More Beats + Pieces (Daddy Rips It Up Mix)"
"Rubaiyat"
"Pan Opticon"
"Music 4 No Musicians"
"Noah's Toilet"
"Space Journey"
"Timber"
"Every Home a Prison" [featuring Jello Biafra]
"Cloned Again"
"I'm Wild About That Thing (The Lost Sex Tapes: Position 1)"
Disc two
"Atomic Moog 2000 (Bullet Train)"
+"interactive toybox full of Coldcut games, toys & videos"
VHS version
"Return To Margin"
"Atomic Moog 2000 (Post Nuclear After Life Lounge)"
"Noah's Toilet"
"More Beats and Pieces (Daddy Rips It Up Mix)"
"Rubaiyat"
"Pan Opticon"
"Music 4 No Musicians"
"Space Journey"
"Timber"
"Every Home a Prison"
"Cloned Again"
"I'm Wild About That Thing (The Lost Sex Tapes: Position 1)"
References
1997 albums
Coldcut albums
Ninja Tune albums
The Cementerio de San Justo, also known as Sacramental de San Justo, located in Madrid, Spain, is a cemetery near the Cementerio de San Isidro, which was originally called San Pedro and San Andrés. It is located between the Paseo de la Ermita del Santo and the Vía Carpetana, in the Carabanchel district. Its entrance is at number 70 of the asupervisorstioned promenade of the Ermita del Santo.
History
Its construction, which began in 1846, was completed by the end of August 1847. In 1847, it only had one courtyard—the San Miguel Courtyard, where the chapel is located and on whose altar is the effigy of San Miguel from the Franciscan convent of Los Angeles.
Notable burials
This cemetery is the resting place of many famous Spanish people, including artists, journalists, poets, and singers.
Mariano José de Larra (1809–1837), Spanish romantic writer and journalist.
Ramón Gómez de la Serna (1888–1963), Spanish writer, dramatist and avant-garde agitator.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
San Justo Cemetery website
1847 in Spain
Carabanchel
Cemeteries in Madrid
Gaëtan Mootoo (September 29, 1952 – May 25, 2018) was a Mauritian human rights activist, researcher responsible for West Africa in the Amnesty International organization.
Biography
Coming from a poor family of Curepipe, they became a teacher and engaged in social organizations in their country: Institute for Development and Progress, Fiat movement, Christian Movement for Socialism. In 1978, they studied at the University of Paris 8 Vincennes-Saint-Denis, the subject being French literature and completed their degree in Science education. They then promoted science in Mauritius.
Work at Amnesty International
Having married Martyne Perrot (1985), anthropologist at the CNRS, they were hired by Amnesty International in 1986 and became a researcher for this organization, in charge of West Africa. Until their death, they investigated abuses, injustices, state crimes and human rights abuses (torture, slavery, forced marriages, etc.) in this part of the world, especially in Chad, in Senegal, Guinea, Mali, Mauritania, and spoke out for the oppressed people.
In February 1998, Amnesty published Terror in Casamance, one of the first exclusive investigations carried out by Mootoo. The report detailed the misdeeds of both the Senegalese army and of those fighting for the independence of the southern province of Senegal. “It's a pack of lies and contradictions,” bellowed the president Abdou Diouf. “Amnesty International are a bunch of irresponsible gangsters.”
May 1999, working with two other researchers, Mootoo was behind a report on the Togolese regime headed by Gnassingbé Eyadema which claimed that one year earlier, during the presidential election of June 1998, hundreds of handcuffed opponents had been thrown from airplanes into the sea. Jacques Chirac, a supporter of Gnassingbé Eyadema, condemned the report as an attempt at manipulation, while the authorities in Lomé threatened to take legal action against Amnesty.
According to a Senegalese human rights advocate, Alioune Tine, “Gaëtan had a political side, and their efforts have made a huge contribution to the process of democratic change in Africa.”
Suicide and Amnesty's secret payout to Mootoo's family
Mootoo killed themselves at Amnesty International's Paris office on the night of May 25, 2018, calling into question the deterioration of working conditions in Amnesty International. The French authorities have ruled that Mootoo's death was a workplace accident and a review by James Laddie, QC, a specialist in employment law, said that a “serious failure of management” had contributed to their suicide.
An internal inquiry, launched by Amnesty France following a petition from Mootoo's colleagues and published in the autumn of 2018, confirms that the global reorganization of Amnesty International has resulted in a disruption of practices and the marginalisation of field researchers such as Gaetan Mootoo. Documents from the Amnesty France inquiry concluded that the international secretariat, Mootoo's employers, did “not carry out sufficient support work”. The investigators concluded: “Gaëtan Mootoo did not find solutions to adapt to the different changes to the international secretariat, which did not carry out sufficient support work, which would have enabled them to find their place in the new organization. However, they repeatedly asked for help without suitable actions being taken to meet their needs.”.
In another report commissioned by Amnesty International from the London barrister, James Laddie, Laddie wrote, “I am stunned to note that Gaëtan was obliged to face a certain level of hostility at work. Specifically, relations between themselves and the deputy director of the French section were poor. According to several witnesses, they did not make any effort at politeness, they encouraged their colleagues to ignore Gaëtan during the working day, and they referred to them in disparaging terms, notably calling them ‘the hobo'.” Laddie's review stated that Mootoo's management failed to find an adequate role for them in the organization and instead preferred to ignore the researcher. "No room was found for Mootoo to perform some kind of mentoring or researcher training role in which their undoubted gifts and experience could be put to good use". "The possibility of such a role was discussed, and <...> Minar Pimple asked Anna Neistat (Senior Director for Research) on several occasions whether a role could be found for Gaëtan within the Research Directorate. It appears that no serious consideration was given to this".
The two reviews of Mootoo's death were followed by a survey by the Konterra group with a team of psychologists. The survey was commissioned by Amnesty's international secretariat, the official employer of Mootoo. The Konterra report stated that Amnesty International had a toxic work culture and that workers frequently cited mental and physical health issues as the direct result of their work for the organization. Elaborating on this the report mentioned that bullying, public humiliation and other abuses of power are common place and routine practice by Amnesty's management. By October 2019 five of the seven members of the senior leadership team at Amnesty's international secretariat left the organization with "generous" redundancy packages. This included Anna Neistat, who was Gaetan Mootoo's senior manager directly implicated in the independent report on Mootoo's death.
After none of the managers responsible of bullying at Amnesty were held accountable a group of workers petitioned for Amnesty's Secretary General Kumi Naidoo to resign. On 5 December 2019 Naidoo resigned from their post of Amnesty's Secretary General citing ill health and appointing Julie Verhaar as an interim Secretary General. In their petition, workers demanded their immediate resignation as well.
In September 2020 The Times reported that Amnesty International paid £800,000 in compensation over the workplace suicide of Mootoo and demanded their family keep the deal secret. The pre-trial agreement between London-based Amnesty's International Secretariat and Motoo's wife was reached on the condition that they keep the deal secret by signing NDA. This was done particularly to prevent discussing the settlement with the press or on social media. The Times believes that the payout is the largest made by Amnesty in an employment matter and will provide support for Mr Mootoo's widow, Martyne Perrot, and son, Robin. Ms Perrot had filed a legal complaint over Amnesty's conduct but the settlement avoids a court case that could have caused serious damage to its reputation. The arrangement led to criticism on social media, with people asking why an organisation such as Amnesty would condone the use of non-disclosure agreements. Shaista Aziz, co-founder of the feminist advocacy group NGO Safe Space, questioned on Twitter why the “world's leading human rights organisation” was employing such contracts. The source of the money was unknown. Amnesty stated that the payout to Motoo's family "will not be made from donations or membership fees".
References
Amnesty International people
1952 births
2018 deaths
Maurice McCrae Blackburn (19 November 1880 – 31 March 1944) was an Australian politician and socialist lawyer, noted for their protection of the interests of workers and the establishment of the legal firm known as Maurice Blackburn Lawyers.
Biography
Blackburn was born in Inglewood, Victoria, to Maurice Blackburn, a bank manager, and their wife Thomasann Cole (née McCrae), daughter of Captain Alexander McCrae.
Following the death of their father in 1887, Blackburn and their mother moved to Melbourne where they were educated at Melbourne Grammar School, matriculating in 1896. They attended the University of Melbourne, graduating in arts and law in 1909, and began to practise as a lawyer a year later. In the same year, they also became a member of the Victorian Socialist Party and was soon editing its newspaper, The Socialist. Later, in about 1908, they joined the Australian Labor Party.
Blackburn married Doris Amelia Hordern on 10 December 1914. Two weeks earlier they had entered the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for the Electoral district of Essendon, but lost their seat in 1917, due largely to their strong anti-war and anti-conscription stances. They returned to practising law, establishing the firm Maurice Blackburn & Co. in 1919, dealing primarily in trade union law and civil liberties cases.
During their time practising law, Blackburn won cases that played a key role in establishing rights most Australians now take for granted, including the 40-hour working week, wage equality for indigenous workers, and equal pay for women.
Blackburn made their mark on Australian politics in 1921 when they led a successful move to have the socialisation of the means of production added to Labor's official platform (which became known as the "socialist objective"). Returning to state Parliament as the member for Fitzroy in a 1925 by-election, Blackburn introduced legislation aimed at removing discrimination against women, and opposed what they saw as repressive economic measures proposed during the depression. In 1933, they were elected Speaker of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, but resigned from the Assembly in 1934, so they could contest the Federal seat of Bourke, based on the suburbs of Brunswick and Coburg in Melbourne. Although they won Bourke and held it until 1943, their relationship with the Labor Party was chequered.
In late 1934 and early 1935, Blackburn acted as legal counsel to prevent the deportation of the noted Czech anti-Fascist Egon Kisch.
In October 1935, they voted in favour of sanctions against Italy over the Abyssinian crisis, defying their leader John Curtin.
Blackburn's support for international socialism, and their opposition to conscription, frequently caused them to take positions opposed to Labor policy and, in October 1935, they were expelled over their membership of the Movement Against War and Fascism. They were soon re-admitted to the ALP, but expelled again in 1941 for their support of the Australia-Soviet Friendship League. Their expulsion was seen as a warning to other left-wing MPs that violation of party policy was not to be tolerated. Blackburn continued to serve as the member for Bourke as an independent, voting against the Labor government's conscription bill, but they lost their seat at the 1943 election to the official Labor candidate.
Blackburn died of cerebral tumour on 31 March 1944, in Prahran, Victoria, and was buried in Box Hill Cemetery, survived by their wife, two sons, a daughter, and their mother. Their estate, which included a fine library, was sworn for probate at £2,552. In a eulogy, Australian Prime Minister John Curtin referred to Blackburn as "one of the great servants of the people of the Commonwealth of Australia". Their widow, Doris, won Bourke as an Independent Labour candidate at the 1946 election and spent much of their time in Parliament promoting similar policies to those that Blackburn had supported.
References
External links
Maurice Blackburn Lawyers history of Maurice Blackburn
Victorian Parliament Profile of Former Speakers: Maurice Blackburn
|-
1880 births
1944 deaths
Australian Anglicans
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Australia
Australian socialists
Independent members of the Parliament of Australia
Spouses of Australian politicians
20th-century Australian lawyers
Victoria (Australia) state politicians
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Bourke
Speakers of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Melbourne Law School alumni
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Burials at Box Hill Cemetery
People from Inglewood, Victoria
20th-century Australian politicians
Bruno César Pereira da Silva (born 3 August 1986), known as Bruno Silva, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Avaí as a defensive midfielder.
Career
Born in Nova Lima, Bruno started their footballing career at Villa Nova, also playing for Social and MG, before signing for Avaí in December 2007. They spent one year and a half in Santa Catarina state team, set up their transfer on loan to Bahia in 2009. After good performances with the club, Bruno extended their stay until the end of 2010. But in the middle of the year Bruno had issues with the club's football manager, Paulo Angioni, and returned to Avai.
Honours
Club
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense: 2009, 2012, 2021
Cruzeiro
Campeonato Mineiro: 2018
Copa do Brasil: 2018
Individual
Campeonato Brasileiro Team of the year: 2017
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Minas Gerais
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Villa Nova Atlético Clube players
Uberaba Sport Club players
Valeriodoce Esporte Clube players
Avaí FC players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Fluminense FC players
Sport Club Internacional players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Alta power station () is a hydroelectric power station located on the Alta-Kautokeino River in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The power station is located in Alta Municipality, just north of the border with Kautokeino Municipality. It is operated by Statkraft, a Norwegian state-owned electric company, and it opened in 1987.
The station is located from the mouth of the Alta River, and it receives most of its water from the great Finnmarksvidda plateau. Below the power station, the river has salmon, and is a good fishing river. The station consists of two generators, at and , respectively. The station utilises a fall from the dam at the end of the long reservoir Virdnejávri. From the tall Virdnejávr Dam to the end of the power station the river is dry for about . It is the tallest dam in the country.
Controversy
The background for the controversy was a published plan by the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate (NVE) that called for the construction of a dam and hydroelectric power plant that would create an artificial lake and inundate the Sami village of Máze. After the initial plan met political resistance, a less ambitious project was proposed that would cause less displacement of Sami residents and less disruption for reindeer migration and wild salmon fishing for which the river is widely regarded as the best Atlantic Salmon river in the world.
In 1978, the popular movement against development of the Alta-Kautokeino waterway (Folkeaksjonen mot utbygging av Alta-Kautokeinovassdraget) was founded, creating an organizational platform for first opposing and then resisting construction work. This group and others filed for an injunction in Norwegian courts against the Norwegian government to prevent construction from commencing.
In the fall of 1979, as construction was ready to start, two acts of civil disobedience started. At the construction site itself at Stilla, a number of activists sat down and blocked the machines from starting their work; and at the same time, a number of Sami activists camped outside the Norwegian parliament, starting a hunger strike.
The prime minister at the time, Odvar Nordli, pre-empted such an escalation by promising a review of the parliament's decision, but the Norwegian parliament subsequently confirmed its decision to dam the river. More than one thousand protesters chained themselves to the site when the work started again in January 1981. The police responded with large forces, and at one point 10% of all Norwegian police officers were stationed in Alta and quartered in a cruise ship. The protesters were forcibly removed by police.
For the first time since World War II, individuals were arrested and charged with violating laws against rioting. The central organizations for the Sami people discontinued all cooperation with the Norwegian government. The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the government in early 1982, at which point organized opposition to the power plant ceased, and the power plant was built.
In popular culture
The controversy around this project has inspired the plot of the 2019 movie Frozen II, which is heavily inspired by Sami culture, including this particular conflict with the national government.
See also
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Norway
Statkraft
Alta, Norway
Dams in Norway
Dams completed in 1987
Eka soup also known as ekuku is a delicacy of three tribes in the Eastern region of Nigeria, it is prepared from mashed palm kernel, roasted groundnut and benne seeds. Eka soup is best taken with starchy foods such as fufu.
Origin
The soup is common amongst the people in Benue, Kogi and Cross River State. Beniseed soup is known as ishwa soup by the Tiv tribe, Hausa refers the soup as 'ridi'.
Ingredients
Roasted benne, Roasted groundnut, Palm kernel, meat, Vegetable (Bitter leave, Maggi, Onions, Salt, and Crayfish
Preparation
To prepare Eka soup, first Meat is fried in a pan for few minutes. Afterwards roasted benne seed, roasted groundnut and palm kernel mash are blended together.
The blended mixture is then rolled into small balls and cooked in palm oil vegetable (bitter leaf) and other ingredients such as Maggi, onion, salt, crayfish etc. are added.
Similar soups
Other soups made from nuts and seeds include:
Banga soup - this is a delicacy of Urhobo people made from palm kernel, it is best eaten with starchy foods.
Egusi soup - This is a soup made from melon seeds and leaves
Ogbono soup - The delicacy is made cracked bush mango seeds, it is a draw soup eaten with eba, Amala.
Other foods
Eka soup is best taken with Eba, pounded yam and fufu.
See also
Nigerian cuisine
Coconut soup
References
Fruit soups
Nigerian soups
Utulei Youth are an association football team from Pago Pago in American Samoa. They play in the territory's top division, the FFAS Senior League. They have won the domestic league championship twice, in 2014 (a perfect season) and 2015, and the domestic cup once, in 2014.
History
Utulei Youth was founded in 1996 by Rev. Ioane Evagelia, who serves as both the president and the coach of the club. Early in their history, they participated in 5 and 7-a-side games, but they now play in the 11-a-side FFAS National League. In addition to league play, the team also competes in American Samoa's domestic cup, the FFAS President's Cup.
Utulei finished the 2012 season in third, taking 27 points from 14 games. They finished the 2013 season in fifth place, having taken seven points from seven games.
The club won its first major honors in 2014, when it had a perfect season, winning all eight of their games and taking the 2014 FFAS Senior League championship. Conrado Kaleopa and Iotamo Lameta were the goalscorers in the final game of the season, a 2–1 victory over Lion Heart, which would finish second in the league. Utulei Youth finished with a +11 goal difference and six points ahead of Lion Heart; Lion Heart would have won the league with a victory in the last game. Utulei Youth also won American Samoa's annual knockout tournament, the FFAS President's Cup, again with a 2–1 victory over Lion Heart. Ryan Samuelu scored one goal for Utulei and caused the other, a Lion Heart own goal. The Utulei Youth women's team also won in the national league in 2014, and came in second in the President's Cup, behind PanSa. As the winner of the 2014 league season, Utulei qualified for the 2016 OFC Champions League, entering in a four team preliminary round for a position in the group stages.
In 2015, Utulei Youth again won their domestic league, again six points ahead of second place Lion Heart. With their second consecutive league title, they will become the second team (after 2012 and 2013 league winners Pago Youth) to represent American Samoa at the OFC Champions League for two years in a row. The Utulei Youth women's team also won their league, and again came in second to PanSa in the President's Cup.
Current squad
Squad for the 2017 OFC Champions League Preliminary stage
Honors
FFAS Senior League: 2
2014, 2015
FFAS President's Cup: 3
2014 , 2015 , 2016
Oceania record
Summary
By season
References
Football clubs in American Samoa
Association football clubs established in 1996
1996 establishments in American Samoa
Joseph Worthington White (October 2, 1822 – August 6, 1892) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1863 to 1865.
Biography
Born in Cambridge, Ohio, White attended the common schools and Cambridge Academy.
They engaged in mercantile pursuits.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1844, and commenced practice in Cambridge.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Guernsey County 1845-1847.
They served as mayor of Cambridge.
They served as delegate to the 1860 Democratic National Convention.
Congress
White was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1863 – March 4, 1865).
They were an unsuccessful for reelection in 1864 to the Thirty-ninth Congress.
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law.
They died in Cambridge, Ohio, August 6, 1892.
They were interred in the South Cemetery.
Sources
1822 births
1892 deaths
People from Cambridge, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
Mayors of places in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Carla Marja Olga Van Zon (born 20 January 1952) is a New Zealand retired artistic director. They worked on international opportunities for New Zealand artists at Creative New Zealand, before becoming artistic director of the New Zealand International Festival of the Arts in Wellington in 1996. From 2013 they were the Artistic Director of the Auckland Arts Festival, where they were responsible for commissioning works such as the opera The Bone Feeders. Van Zon has been responsible for supporting the careers of many New Zealand artists. They retired from the Auckland Arts Festival in 2017, following a diagnosis of kidney disease in 2016.
Early life and education
Van Zon was born in Te Atatu on 20 January 1952. Them parents were Dutch immigrants who had arrived via Indonesia. Van Zon's mother was a contemporary dance teacher and their father worked for Pan Am. They studied contemporary dance at the University of Otago in Dunedin, earning a degree in Physical Education, and then became a physical education teacher at Green Bay High School. In the early 1980s they earned an MA in Dance and Arts Administration at George Washington University.
Career
Van Zon's career in arts administration began in Creative New Zealand, where they worked to improve international opportunities for New Zealand artists. They managed New Zealand's entry to the 2009 Venice Biennale.
They were involved with the New Zealand International Festival of the Arts in Wellington from 1989, and from 1996 they were a Executive Director, and was appointed as Artistic Director in 2000. Van Zon helped the festival turn a profit for the first time, and during their time it won four national tourism awards and the Dominion Gold Award for outstanding contribution to the Wellington economy.
From 2013 to 2017 they were the artistic director of the Auckland Arts Festival, managing four festivals over that period, and doubling the attendance records. Of their approach to the festival being in Auckland and part of the Pacific, arts festival programme manager Tama Waipara said "The first thing was they put tangata whenua front and centre... They said we have to know who we are and where we are."
In 2011, Van Zon asked Renee Liang to rewrite their play The Bone Feeders as an opera, and when New Zealand Opera decided not to be involved, Van Zon commissioned it for the Auckland Festival. They have also been instrumental in the careers of writer and actor Nancy Brunning, directors Jason Te Kare and Sara Brodie, writers Mei-Lin Te Puia Hansen, Victor Rodger, and Hone Kouka, composers Gareth Farr, John Psathas and Dame Gillian Whitehead.
They were diagnosed with chronic kidney disease in June 2016, and retired from the festival at the end of April 2017. They live in Ōtaki, north of Wellington, with husband Gregg Fletcher.
Van Zon is a board member of the charity Track Zero, which aims to connect artists and scientists to create work about climate change, and has written about the importance of artists speaking out against climate change.
Honours and awards
In the 2000 Queen's Birthday Honours, Van Zon was appointed an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to the arts.
Van Zon was voted the Arts Wellingtonian of the Year for 2005.
In 2016, they were awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Auckland Theatre Awards. In 2017, they were named 2017 NEXT Woman of the Year, in the Arts & Culture category.
In 2019, they were awarded an honorary doctorate of laws from the University of Otago, and during the graduation ceremony they urged those present to "Be curious, be open to people and experiences, take slow steps and enjoy the journeys down different pathways."
References
External links
Radio New Zealand interview with Van Zon, 2019
Artistic directors
1952 births
Officers of the New Zealand Order of Merit
Arts administrators
People from Auckland
Living people
New Zealand theatre people
Marie-Thérèse Marguerite Jeanne (Maïté) Duval (Maïté, Rijkhart de Voogd-Duval, Renazé, 26 March 1944 – Zutphen, 2 November 2019) was a French-born Dutch sculptress and drafter.
Life and work
Maïté Duval was born in Renazé (Mayenne, Pays de la Loire, France) and studied literature at the University of Rouen Normandy. As a sculptress, Duval was self-taught. In 1968 they moved to the Netherlands where they started their career as a sculptress in 1974. Them work was presented at many group and solo exhibitions, including Den Haag Sculptuur 2003 Model women in The Hague and Auxiliatrixpark 2005 in Venlo (the statues Paula in kamerjas and Ainsi soit-elle).
Duval lived and worked in Zutphen, where they exhibited their works in their atelier and sculpture garden. They were married to the painter Thierry Rijkhart de Voogd (1944-1999), who was likewise of French birth. Duval died at the age of 75 Them small sculpture titled "Ingekeerd" was placed on their grave at the Oosterbegraafplaats cemetery of Zutphen.
Statues by Duval in the public space
The dates given for each sculpture are the years of creation and subsequent copies at the original locations.
Bérendine (1976), municipal school in Voorst (1977), De Beukenhof in Loosdrecht (1987)
Schouders (1976, Shoulders), Centraal Beheer, Apeldoorn
Torso cambré (1979, Arched torso), De Hanzehof, Zutphen (1996)
Rêverie (1980), town hall of Voorst in Twello (1982) and De Sokkerwei, Castricum (2003)
De Gans (1981, The Goose), town hall of Deventer (1982), Voorst (1987) and Kleidijk, Rhoon (2003)
Else (1982), 't Veld Paasberg, Terborg (1989) and Oude Bornhof, Zutphen (1990)
Bérendine (1984), Lochem (1987), De Scheg, Deventer
Bérendine (1985), town hall Zutphen, location Warnsveld
Zuster van het Gemeene Leven op het bleekveld (1985, Sister of the Common Life on the bleaching field), Agnietenhof, Zutphen. Also a preparatory study in Museum Catharijneconvent, Utrecht
Monument Stormramp of 1925 (1985, Tornado monument), Kerkplein, Borculo
IJsberen (1986, Polar bears), Callunaplein, Dieren
IJsberen - small version (1986), Verpleeghuis Lückerheide, Kerkrade (1994) and 't Bouwhuis, Enschede (2004)
Rust na arbeid (1987, Rest after work), Dorpsplein, Klarenbeek
De Sprong (1987, The jump), Henriette Polaklaan, Zutphen (1996)
Paula in kamerjas (1988, Paula in Dressing Gown), in the Sculpture Garden of Museum de Fundatie (Heino, Netherlands) and previously in the nursing home De Hoogweide, Lochem (1994), Medisch Spectrum Twente, Enschede (1998) and in Hoog Soeren (2010)
Melancholie (1991, Melancholia), Museum Henriette Polak, Zutphen. In 2009 relocated to the entrance hall of the Stedelijk Museum Zutphen
Draaiende vrouw (1991, Spinning woman), ING Bank, Zutphen (1997)
Ainsi Soit-elle (1992, Let them be this way), De Koppellaan, Beek en Donk (1994), Stationsstraat, Apeldoorn (1995) and Belvédère, Breda (2007)
Geste libre (1996, Free gesture), Frans Halslaan, Zutphen (2006).
Gallery of their sculptures in the Netherlands
Public collections
Work by Maïté Duval can be seen in various public collections in the Netherlands:
The sculpture garden of Kasteel het Nijenhuis in Heino, a part of Museum de Fundatie.
Stedelijk Museum Zutphen in Zutphen.
Beeldentuin Mariënheem (sculpture garden), Mariënheem, Raalte.
See also
List of Dutch sculptors
External links
. A website for a group exhibition by French artists living in the Netherlands, May 2009.
. By Anthony Westen 2012, duration 5m:05s. Accessed 14 June 2022.
. By Anthony Westen 2016, duration 6m:25s. Accessed 14 June 2022.
By Anthony Westen 2021, duration 6m:15s. Accessed 14 June 2022.
References
Dutch sculptors
Dutch draughtsmen
The 1972–73 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 34th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Valerenga Ishockey won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1972 in Norwegian sport
1973 in Norwegian sport
Casa Cautiño is a house museum in Guayama, Puerto Rico. The museum collection, administered by the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture, include works of art, wood carvings, sculptures and furniture built by Puerto Rican cabinetmakers for the Cautiño family. It's listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The house was owned by Genaro Cautiño Vázquez, a wealthy Guayama landowner as well as a colonel of the Volunteer Battalion of the Spanish Army. During the Spanish–American War, the house was the headquarters for the American forces. After the war, Genaro Cautiño returned to occupy the house. An additional Annex house, for extended family, also once existed next to the Iglesia San Antonio. Also a tunnel still exists liking Casa Cautiño, the annex house and Iglesia San Antonio.
The U-shaped structure is one-story with an interior patio, which local architect Manual Texidor built in 1887 after graduation from the Academy of Fine Arts in Paris.
It features some of the elements of the Neoclassical architecture style, such as cornices, pilasters, candelabra, Roman arches, relief motifs, and classical ornamentation. These elements were blended with some of the details of the popular architecture of the southern area of Puerto Rico that prevailed when the structure was built.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Guayama, Puerto Rico
List of museums in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Article about Casa Cautiño
Museo Casa Cautiño video tour
Historic house museums in Puerto Rico
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Neoclassical architecture in Puerto Rico
National Register of Historic Places in Guayama, Puerto Rico
Houses completed in 1887
Risoba diphtheropsis is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Alice Ellen Prout in 1924. It is found in New Guinea.
References
External links
Original description: Prout, A. E. (1924). "Some Apparently New Noctuidae from Sumatra, New Guinea, Mefor and Buru". Bulletin of the Hill Museum. 1: 431.
Nolidae
Moths of New Guinea
Moths described in 1924
Leung Tin Tsuen () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Leung Tin Tsuen is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Leung Tin Tsuen is part of the San Hui constituency, which was formerly represented by Cheung Ho-sum until May 2021.
See also
Leung King Estate
Tin King Estate
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Leung Tin Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
The Michael the Brave 30th Guards Brigade is a primarily ceremonial, as well as combat unit of the Romanian Land Forces.
History
The unit was established on 1 July 1860 through a decree issued by Prince Alexandru Ioan Cuza as the 1st Honor Guard battalion of Tiraliori, which ensured the security of Royal palaces. It was renamed 10 years later to the Battalion of Hunters and was reassigned to the War Ministry It was abolished by the communist government in 1948. From then on until 1990, ceremonial duties were served by the Honor Guard Unit of the Romanian People's Army (Garda de Onoare a Armatei Populare Române). The general staff of the armed forces revived the unit as a battalion on 23 February 1990 following the Romanian Revolution. On 25 July 2001 the battalion was upgraded to the level of a brigade, and has been named after Mihai Viteazul (Michael the Brave) since 2006. The unit was awarded with the National Order of Faithful Service in 2015 on the occasion of the brigade's 155th anniversary.
Mission
Honor Guard Company
The primary mission of the brigade is to perform the required military honours for the President of Romania, Minister of Defence and foreign leaders. It also takes part in events such as the inauguration of a president, military parades, state funerals and military tattoos, as well as the Guard Mounting ceremony at the Mormântul Soldatului Necunoscut in Bucharest. Ceremonies for state visits usually involve more than 100 soldiers of the brigade and the regimental band.
The company has taken part in ceremonies in Romania, and has represented the country in the 2007 Bastille Day military parade in France, and the 2016 Chișinău Independence Day Parade in Moldova.
It has two different tunics.
Regimental Band
The regimental band (Muzica Regimentului) provides musical support to the ceremonial activities of the honor guard. The band, which is currently made up of 60 musicians, is led by Lieutenant Colonel Marian Constantin.
Special Purpose Unit
The brigade maintains a special purpose unit that engages targeting threats to the Bucharest Garrison as well as acts as security and military police in the city. During the Romanian Revolution in December 1989, 15 soldiers from the brigade's special purpose unit were killed while in duty.
Gallery
See also
Romanian Armed Forces
Romanian Land Forces
Guard of honour
Honor Guard Company (Moldova)
Great Union Day
Structure of the Romanian Land Forces
6th Special Operations Brigade "Mihai Viteazul" (Romania)
References
External links
ROMANII AU TALENT 2018 - BRIGADA 30 GARDA MIHAI VITEAZUL
Drill team Brigada 30 Garda "Mihai Viteazul" 1 Dec 2010
Ziua Porţilor Deschise la Brigada 30 Gardă "Mihai Viteazul"
Regimentul 30 garda Mihai Viteazu
Regimental Documentary (2003)
1860 establishments in Romania
Regiments of Romania
Guards of honour
Tapurei (Greek: Ταπούρεοι) were a tribe in Scythia intra Imaum mentioned by Ptolemy.
Ptolemy refers to two different tribes with similar names. The first tribe, called Tapuri, lived in the Medes south of the Caspian Sea. The second tribe, called the Tapurei, lived in the land of the Scythians. According to the Encyclopaedia Iranica, the origin of the Tapurei reached the mountains of the land of Hyrcania.
References
Scythian tribes
Historical Iranian peoples
Iranian nomads
Iron Age peoples of Asia
Laos, officially the Lao People's Democratic Republic, competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 5 to 21 August 2016. This was the nation's ninth appearance at the Summer Olympics, having attended all games since 1980 with the exception of the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, because of the Soviet boycott.
Six athletes, four men and two women, were selected to the Laotian team through universality places and Tripartite Commission invitations across four sports, without having qualified. Apart from athletics and swimming, Laos marked its Olympic debut in road cycling and judo. Among the Laotian athletes were London 2012 Olympians Laenly Phoutthavong (women's 100 m) in track and field and Santisouk Inthavong (men's 50 m freestyle) in swimming, professional road cyclist Ariya Phounsavath, and hurdler Xaysa Anousone, who led the delegation as the nation's flag bearer in the opening ceremony. Laos has yet to win its first Olympic medal.
Athletics
Laos has received universality slots from IAAF to send two athletes (one male and one female) to the Olympics.
Track & road events
Cycling
Road
Laos has received an invitation from the Tripartite Commission to send a rider competing in the men's road race for the first time to the Olympics.
Judo
Laos has received an invitation from the Tripartite Commission to send a judoka competing in the men's extra-lightweight category (60 kg) to the Olympics, signifying the nation's Olympic debut in the sport.
Swimming
Laos has received a Universality invitation from FINA to send two swimmers (one male and one female) to the Olympics.
References
External links
Olympics
2016
Nations at the 2016 Summer Olympics
George A. Steel (born June 19, 1862) was a Michigan politician.
Early life and education
Steel was born on June 19, 1862, in St. Johns, Michigan. There, Steel received a public school education.
Career
In July 1878, Steel went to Sauk Rapids, Minnesota, where they took the position of bookkeeper and paymaster for the bridge construction firm James McIntire & Company. Steel then moved to St. Paul, Minnesota, where they worked in the same position for the same firm. In 1879, Steel worked as a paymaster in Nevada during the construction of the Nevada Central Railroad. In 1880, Steel became general paymaster and purchasing agent for the Oregon Construction Company, where they aided in the construction of four hundred miles of railroad in the states of Oregon, Washington, and Idaho. Later, the duties were combined, and Steel had full control of the company's finances.
In 1885, Steel returned to Michigan. They became vice president of the St. Johns National Bank that same year. From 1892 to 1893, Steel served as a member of the Michigan Republican State Central Committee. On November 8, 1892, Steel was elected to the Michigan Senate where they represented the 19th district from January 4, 1893, to December 31, 1894. In 1893, Steel organized the Ithaca Savings Bank, to which they became president. In January 1895, Steel formed a firm with F. A. Smith named Steel, Smith, and Company which bought and sold municipal bonds and commercial paper. Steel served two terms as Michigan State Treasurer from 1897 to 1900.
Personal life
On January 28, 1885, Steel married Cora Stout. Together, they had two children.
References
1862 births
Year of death unknown
American bank presidents
Michigan state senators
People from St. Johns, Michigan
Michigan Republicans
State treasurers of Michigan
19th-century American politicians
Caladenia actensis, commonly known as the Canberra spider orchid, is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the Australian Capital Territory. It has a single leaf and usually only one greenish flower with red markings and only occurs in three small populations.
Description
Caladenia actensis is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and which grows singly or in small groups. A single leaf, long and wide appears in late autumn or early winter, after rain. Usually only a single flower is borne on a stalk tall. The flower is greenish, heavily marked with reddish-crimson lines and blotches, and is wide. The dorsal sepal is erect, long and about wide while the lateral sepals are a similar size but are turned downwards, close to the ovary. The petals are long and wide. The labellum is heart-shaped, wide and wide and maroon or green with a maroon tip. The labellum curves forward and downwards and there are up to six pairs of short, blunt teeth on its sides. The mid-line of the labellum has four to six rows of crowded dark, purplish-red calli. Flowering occurs from late September to mid- October.
Taxonomy and naming
Caladenia actensis was first formally described by David L. Jones and Mark Clements in 1999 and the description was published in The Orchadian from a specimen collected on Mount Ainslie. The specific epithet (actensis) is derived from the abbreviation of Australian Capital Territory (act) with the Latin ending "-ensis" meaning "of" or "in", hence "of the Australian Capital Territory".
Distribution and habitat
Canberra spider orchid occurs in three small scattered populations on Mount Majura, Mount Ainslie and in the Madura Valley. It grows in the transitional zone between woodland and forest, with grasses and small shrubs, often amongst rocks.
Ecology
As with other caladenias, this orchid requires a mycorrhizal association, in this case with the fungus Sebacina vermifera and is probably pollinated by a thynnid wasp.
Conservation
Caladenia actensis is listed as "critically endangered" (CR) under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act). The main threats to the species include trampling by walkers, bicycles or horses, infrastructure building and maintenance, and weed invasion.
References
actensis
Plants described in 1999
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of the Australian Capital Territory
Taxa named by David L. Jones (botanist)
Taxa named by Mark Alwin Clements
John Donald Hayden (born 1940) is a British retired Anglican bishop. They served in Tanzania as Assistant Bishop of Mount Kilimanjaro and is now an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Chester.
Hayden received a Bachelor of Divinity (BD) degree from the University of London in 1962 and left ministerial training at Tyndale Hall, Bristol in 1963. They were then ordained a deacon at Michaelmas (26 September) 1965 and a priest the next Michaelmas (25 September 1966), both times by Gerald Ellison, Bishop of Chester, at Chester Cathedral. They served their titles (curacies) at Macclesfield (until 1968) and then Holy Spirit Cathedral, Dodoma (until 1969). They then became Vicar of Moshi for seven years, 1970–1977; and Home Secretary for the United Society for Christian Literature, 1977–1983.
Hayden spent eleven years as Team Vicar of St Mary at Stoke with Stoke Park, Suffolk (1983–1994) before a ten-year incumbency of St Mary's, Bury St Edmunds (as Priest-in-Charge until 1999 then Vicar until 2004). They were consecrated a bishop in 2003, to serve in Tanzania as Assistant Bishop of Mount Kilimanjaro (2004–2009): as assistant bishop in the Anglican Church of Tanzania Diocese of Mount Kilimanjaro, their task was to prepare the southern portion of that diocese to become a separate diocese; the new Diocese of Kiteto was duly erected in 2009. Hayden retired back to Cheshire in 2008, where they have been licensed as an honorary assistant bishop of the Diocese of Chester.
Hayden first went to the Middle East in 1964 and has continued to lead pilgrimages there since. They have written 7 pilgrim guides covering this area. Those in print in 2017 are the Holy Land, Greece and Christ in Glory covering the 7 churches of Revelation in W Turkey.
References
1940 births
21st-century Anglican bishops in Tanzania
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Anglican bishops of Mount Kilimanjaro
Maurice John Belgrave (31 August 1940 – 3 December 2007) was a senior public servant and Chief Ombudsman of New Zealand.
Education
Belgrave was born in Rotorua, and educated at Sacred Heart College, Auckland, and at Victoria University of Wellington, where they received a Bachelor of Commerce degree in economics.
Early career
Belgrave joined the public service in 1964, joining the Department of Trade and Industry. Belgrave was posted to London, where they served as second secretary (commercial) at the High Commission for four years. Belgrave was promoted rapidly, and became Consul-General and Trade Commissioner in Melbourne in 1968. In 1973, Belgrave became Director of the Price and Stabilisation department in the Department of Trade and Industry, a key role responsible for monitoring commercial price controls in the then highly regulated New Zealand economy.
In 1976, Belgrave was posted to Tokyo as Minister and Senior Trade Commissioner, where they served for four years.
In 1980, they were a assistant secretary of Trade and Industry, moving to Assistant Director-General in the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries in 1982.
Senior public servant
In 1985, Belgrave accepted their first of four postings as chief executive of a government department, as Comptroller of Customs. Belgrave left the public service in 1988 to become Chief Executive of the Bankers' Association, before being wooed back in 1989 by State Services Commissioner Don Hunn as Secretary of Commerce, the successor department of the Department of Trade and Industry. During this time, the departmental responsibilities included competition policy, energy, consumer affairs, company regulation, tourism, information technology policy, minerals, and economic development.
In 1994, Belgrave was appointed by Hunn again as Secretary of Justice. Belgrave's mandate included the division of the Department of Justice into a separate policy unit, the Ministry of Justice, and the separate departments of Courts and Corrections. Belgrave retained responsibility for the Ministry of Justice, while the Departments for Courts and Corrections were established into separate structures. As Secretary of Justice, Belgrave was a member of the Electoral Commission.
In 1997, Belgrave left the public sector again, to the post of executive director of the Electricity Supply Association, where they were responsible for the implementation and reorganisation of the energy sector, during Max Bradford's reforms of the electricity industry.
In 1999, Belgrave became Chairman of the Commerce Commission, holding that post for two terms, before being appointed as Chief Ombudsman in 2003.
Belgrave was chairperson of the board of Victoria University's Institute of Policy Studies, and was a fellow of the Institute of Management, and the Institute of Directors.
Chief Ombudsman
Belgrave was involved in several high-profile inquiries in their role as Chief Ombudsman. In 2005, Belgrave ordered that the Minister of Finance Michael Cullen must release the costings of the interest-free student loan policy prior to the election, after Cullen had refused to do so.
In 2005, Belgrave, a former Justice Secretary, reviewed prisoner conditions at several prisons in New Zealand, following complaints about the prisoner treatment regime in prisons.
In 2007, Belgrave conducted an inquiry into the Department of Corrections' policy for transporting prisoners, following the murder of 17-year-old Liam Ashley while being transported to Court in the back of a Corrections-contracted van. Belgrave described the Corrections' policy of transporting prisoners as "inhumane", and ordered a review of the prisoner transport system.
Belgrave died in office in December 2007.
Personal life
In 1963, Belgrave married Judith Anne Jenner, and the couple had five children. In 1990, Belgrave was awarded the New Zealand 1990 Commemoration Medal, and in the 2007 New Year Honours, they were appointed a Distinguished Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for public services, including as Chief Ombudsman.
References
Obituary in Dominion Post of 6 December 2007 page B6
|-
1940 births
2007 deaths
Distinguished Companions of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand diplomats
Victoria University of Wellington alumni
People educated at Sacred Heart College, Auckland
Deaths from cancer in New Zealand
Officers of the Parliament of New Zealand
Krister Holmberg, born 1946, is a Swedish chemist.
Holmberg took a PhD in Organic Chemistry from Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden in 1974. They then worked in industry for many years and they were R&D Director of Berol Nobel in Stenungsund, Sweden. During the period 1991-1998 they were Director of the Institute for Surface Chemistry in Stockholm. Since 1998 they are Professor of Surface Chemistry at Chalmers University of Technology. Their research during recent years has had a focus on the behavior of surface active compounds in solution and at interfaces. They have been active in a number of industrial applications of surface and colloid chemistry.
Holmberg has been visiting professor at universities in the EU, the US and China: P. et M. Curie in Paris, the University of Florence, the University of California at Santa Barbara and the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing.  They are a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (Kungliga Ingenjörsvetenskapsakademien), of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences (Kungliga Vetenskapsakademin) and of the Royal Academy of Arts and Sciences in Gothenburg (Kungliga Vetenskaps- och Vitterhetssamhället i Göteborg). They were chairperson of the latter academy during 2014.
In 2000, Holmberg was awarded the French National Order of Merit (l'Ordre National du Mérite au grade de Chevalier), and in 2006 they won the Oscar Carlson medal from the Swedish Chemical Society. They received the JCIS Life-Time Achievement Award in 2008, the Kash Mittal Award in 2018 and the Quancheng Friendship Award by the city of Jinan, China in 2019. In 2021 they received the Friendship Award of China from the Chinese Government.
References
1946 births
Living people
Swedish chemists
Organic chemists
Members of the Royal Society of Sciences and Letters in Gothenburg
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Zatrephes krugeri is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Reich in 1934. It is found in Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1934
Team Foxcatcher is a 2016 documentary film directed by Jon Greenhalgh telling the story of billionaire John du Pont's involvement in the shaping of the US Olympic Wrestling Team by building expensive training facilities on their home property, called 'Foxcatcher'. For Dave Schultz, the United States' most successful wrestler at the time, loyalty to John du Pont would eventually cost them their life.
Cast
Dan Chaid
John du Pont
Dave Schultz
Nancy Schultz
Valentin Yordanov
References
External links
2016 documentary films
2016 films
Netflix original documentary films
2010s English-language films
The Mater Dolorosa Church or just Mater Dolorosa Parish, is a Catholic church located in the city of Mbabane, Eswatini (Swaziland). It is adjacent to a secondary and elementary school of the same name.
Unlike most African countries the main church, Our Lady of Assumption Cathedral, Manzini, is not located in the capital, but in another city. The name "Mater Dolorosa" (Our Lady of Sorrows) is one of the Latin forms of invocation of Mary.
History
The church began as the mission of Mater Dolorosa, established in January 1914. On January 27, 2014 celebrations were held in this church celebrating 100 years of the Catholic Church in the nation. During a religious ceremony the finance minister collapsed and had to be treated.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Swaziland
Mater Dolorosa
References
Roman Catholic churches in Eswatini
Buildings and structures in Mbabane
The Anais da Associação Brasileira de Química (, CODEN AABQAL) is a Brazilian scientific journal in chemistry. It was first published in 1942 under the title:
Anais da Associação Química do Brasil, vol. 1 (1942) to vol. 9 (1950), (, CODEN AAQBAH).
With volume 10 (1951) the title changed to:
Anais da Associação Brasileira de Química, vol. 10 (1951) to vol. 52 (2003)?, (, CODEN AABQAL).
The history of the Associação Brasileira de Química began in 1922 as Sociedade Brasileira de Química as an independent organ for druggists, biologists and chemists. This society published the Revista Brasileira de Chímica (Vol. 1 (1929) to Vol. 2, no. 7 (1931), , CODEN RBCRAJ), which became the Revista da Sociedade Brasileira de Química in 1932.
In 1939 the Sociedade Brasileira de Química founded another association called Associação Química do Brasil, while the Sociedade Brasileira de Química itself ceased in 1951, and was incorporated into the then formed Associação Brasileira de Química. This corporate body published the Anais da Associação Brasileira de Química starting from vol. 10 (1951).
Chief Editor is Prof. Dr. Julio Zukerman-Schpector, at the Departamento de Química at Universidade Federal de São Carlos (UFSCar).
See also
Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society
Revista Brasileira de Química
Revista Brasileira de Engenharia Química, Caderno de Engenharia Química
Química Nova
References
External links
Homepage of the journal:
Homepage of the Associação Brasileira de Química (ABQ):
Chemistry journals
Defunct journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies of Brazil
GP Transco is an American trucking company known for providing transportation and logistics services in the United States and Canada.
History
GP Transco was founded on June 30, 2006, by Gedas Poviliunas, in Illinois, United States. The company was headquartered in Darien before moving to its new headquarters in Joliet, Illinois, in 2020.
In 2019, the company launched a program to reward its top fifty percent of drivers with a salary bonus each month based on fuel efficiency.
In 2020, GP Transco partnered with Samsara Telematics Solutions to deploy their IoT platform that included dashboard cameras and AI to monitor drivers and streamline operations. In the same year, the company built its cloud-based transportation management system platform, OpenRoad TMS.
GP Transco was named as the best trucking company to work for in 2021 by Smart-Trucking and ranked on the list of privately held companies for growth on Inc. 5000. The company was also named as the "top fleet to drive" for by Samsara in its annual fleet awards. It has been recognized and listed on several platforms for its management systems and services.
References
External links
Official website
American companies established in 2006
Companies based in Illinois
Trucking companies of the United States
Human communication, or anthroposemiotics, is a field of study dedicated to understanding how humans communicate. Humans ability to communicate with one another would not be possible without an understanding of what we are referencing or thinking about. Because humans are unable to fully understand one another's perspective, there needs to be a creation of commonality through a shared mindset or viewpoint. The field of communication is very diverse, as there are multiple layers of what communication is and how we use its different features as human beings.
Humans have communicatory abilities other animals do not, for example, humans are able to communicate about time and place as though they are solid objects. Humans communicate to request help, to inform others, and to share attitudes for bonding. Communication is a joint activity largely dependent on the ability to maintain common attention. We share relevant background knowledge and joint experience in order to communicate content and coherence in exchanges.
The evolution of human communication took place over a long period of time. Humans evolved from simple hand gestures to the use of spoken language. Most face-to-face communication requires visually reading and following along with the other person, offering gestures in reply, and maintaining eye contact throughout the interaction.
Category
The current study of human communication can be branched off into two major categories; rhetorical and relational. The focus of rhetorical communication is primarily on the study of influence; the art of rhetorical communication is based on the idea of persuasion. The relational approach examines communication from a transactional perspective; two or more people interact to reach an agreed perspective.
In its early stages, rhetoric was developed to help ordinary people prove their claims in court; this shows how persuasion is key in this form of communication. Aristotle stated that effective rhetoric is based on argumentation. As explained in the text, rhetoric involves a dominant party and a submissive party or a party that succumbs to that of the most dominant party. While the rhetorical approach stems from Western societies, the relational approach stems from Eastern societies. Eastern societies hold higher standards for cooperation, which makes sense as to why they would sway more toward a relational approach for that matter. "Maintaining valued relationships is generally seen as more important than exerting influence and control over others". "The study of human communication today is more diversified than ever before in its history".
Classification of human communication can be found in the workplace, especially for group work. Co-workers need to argue with each other to gain the best solutions for their projects, while they also need to nurture their relationship to maintain their collaboration. For example, in their group work, they may use the communication tactic of "saving face".
Spoken language involves speech, mostly human quality to acquire. For example, chimpanzees are humans' closest relative, but they are unable to produce speech. Chimpanzees are the closest living species to humans. Chimpanzees are closer to humans, in genetic and evolutionary terms, than they are to gorillas or other apes. The fact that a chimpanzee will not acquire speech, even when raised in a human home with all the environmental input of a normal human child, is one of the central puzzles we face when contemplating the biology of our species. In repeated experiments, starting in the 1910s, chimpanzees raised in close contact with humans have universally failed to speak, or even to try to speak, despite their rapid progress in many other intellectual and motor domains. Each normal human is born with a capacity to rapidly and unerringly acquire their mother tongue, with little explicit teaching or coaching. In contrast, no nonhuman primate has spontaneously produced even a word of the local language.
Definition
Human communication can be defined as any Shared Symbolic Interaction.
Shared, because each communication process also requires a system of signification (the Code) as its necessary condition, and if the encoding is not known to all those who are involved in the communication process, there is no understanding and therefore fails the same notification.
Symbolic, because there is need of a signifier or sign, which allows the transmission of the message.
Interaction, since it involves two or more people, resulting in a further increase of knowledge on the part of all those who interact.
Types
Human communication can be subdivided into a variety of types:
Intrapersonal communication (communication with oneself): This very basic form of information, is the standard and foundation, of all things communication. This communication with ourselves, showcases the process in which we think on our previous and ongoing actions, as well as what we choose to understand from other types of communications and events. Our intrapersonal communication, may be shown and expressed to others by our reactions to certain outcomes, through simple acts of gestures and expressions.
Interpersonal communication (communication between two or more people) - Communication relies heavily on understanding the processes and situations that you are in, in order to communicate affectively. It is more than simple behaviors and strategies, on how and what it means to communicate with another person. Interpersonal communication, reflects the personality and characteristics, of a person, seen through the type of dialect, form, and content, a person chooses to communicate with. As simple as this is, interpersonal communication can only be correctly done if both persons involved in the communication, understand what it is to be human beings, and share similar qualities of what it means to be humans. It involves acts of trust and openness, as well as a sense of respect and care towards what the other person is talking about.
Nonverbal communication: The messages we send to each other, in ways that cover the act of word-by-mouth. These actions may be done through the use of our facial features and expressions, arms and hands, the tone of our voice, or even our very appearance can display a certain type of message.
Speech: Allowing words to make for an understanding as to what people are feeling and expressing. It allows a person to get a direct thought out to another by using there voice to create words that then turn into a sentence, which in turn then turns into a conversation to get a message across. "What is spoken or expressed, as in conversation; uttered or written words: seditious speech. A talk or public address, or a written copy of this: The senator gave a speech. The language or dialect of a nation or region: American speech. One's manner or style of speaking: the mayor's mumbling speech. The study of oral communication, speech sounds, and vocal physiology".
Conversation: Allows however many people to say words back and forth to each other that will equal into meaningful rhythm called conversation. It defines ideas between people, or teams, or groups. To have a conversation requires at least two people, making it possible to share values and interests of each person. Conversation makes it possible to getting messages across to other people, whether that be an important message or just a simple message. "Strong conversation skills will virtually guarantee that you will be better understood by most people"
Visual communication: The type of communication where it involves using your eyes that allow you to read signs, charts, graphs and pictures that have words or phrases and or pictures showing and describing what needs to be portrayed to get information across. Using visual communication allows for people to live daily lives without constantly using your mouth to say things. A simple example is driving in the car and seeing a red sign that says stop on it, as a driver you are using visual communication to read the sign understand what is being said and stopping your car to not get into an accident. "If carried out properly, visual communication has various benefits. In the information era and fast-paced society in which time is limited, visual communication help to communicate ideas faster and better. Generally speaking, it offers these benefits: instant conveyance, ease of understanding, cross-cultural communication and generation of enjoyment".
Writing: What I am forming together right now is called writing where it revolves putting words together to create a sentence that flows into a sentence of meaning. Words are letters that are put together to transform a word that allows the person to understand and follow along with what is being portrayed. Writing requires us to use hands and paper to form the words and letters to create the flow of a message or conversation. Writing can also be done in the form of typing which is what you are seeing here, forming words together on a computer. ""Writing" is the process of using symbols (letters of the alphabet, punctuation and spaces) to communicate thoughts and ideas in a readable form".
Mail: This is in the form of postage which is in letter or package. When someone uses the post office service requiring them to send a letter that they wrote with pencil and paper or they are using the postage service to send an object to someone out of state. Makes for an easier process to send a loved one messages or objects that do not live next to you or within a 20 min drive distance. "Material (such as letters and packages) sent or carried in a postal system". For an example a loved one is in the military and is out of state, to let them know what is going on in your life and to also ask how they are doing you send them a letter via the postal service to get that message to them at there location. Workers at the postal service get the letters and packages across states and countries.
Mass media: "The means of communication reaching a large number of people such as the population of a nation through certain channels like film, radio, books, music, or television in that the consumer participation stays passive with comparison to interactive network platforms". The television allows for getting messages to a lot of people in different locations in a matter of minutes making it for the fastest communication skill.
Telecommunication: A style of communication that allows humans to understand conversation, speech and or visual communication through technology. Whether you are listening through a radio, or using your eyes to watch on a television, or reading words on an email that is Telecommunication. This type of communication allows for faster and more efficient process for a message to get across to another one from anywhere you are. Location is not a problem for this type of communication. "The transmission media in telecommunication have evolved through numerous stages of technology, from beacons and other visual signals (such as smoke signals, semaphore telegraphs, signal flags, and optical heliographs), to electrical cable and electromagnetic radiation, including light. Such transmission paths are often divided into communication channels, which afford the advantages of multiplexing multiple concurrent communication sessions. Telecommunication is often used in its plural form".
Organizational communication (communication within organizations): Defined by structure and planning, making words, phrases, images flow into direction and meaning. "The construct of organizational communication structure is defined by its 5 main dimensions: relationships, entities, contexts, configuration, and temporal stability". Making it easier to work into groups of different culture and thoughts.
Mass communication: This type of communication involves the process of communicating with known and unknown audiences, through the use of technology or other mediums. There is hardly ever an opportunity for the audience to respond directly to those who sent the message, there is a divide/separation between the sender and receiver. There are typically four players in the process of mass communication, these players are: those who send the message, the message itself, the medium in which the message is sent, and those who receive the message. These four components come together to be the communication we see and are a part of the most, as the media helps in distributing these messages to the world every day.
Group dynamics (communication within groups): Allows ideas to be created within a group of people, allowing many minds to think together to form and create meaning. "The interactions that influence the attitudes and behavior of people when they are grouped with others through either choice or accidental circumstances".
Cross-cultural communication (communication across cultures): This allows different people from different locations, gender, and culture, in a group to feed off of each others ideas to form something much bigger and better. "Culture is a way of thinking and living whereby one picks up a set of attitudes, values, norms and beliefs that are taught and reinforced by other members in the group".
Important figures
See also
Communication basic topics
General semantics
History of communication
Language
Mass communication
Mass media
Outline of communication
Pragmatics
Semiotics
Intercultural communication
Cross-cultural communication
Proactive communications
References
Further reading
Richard Budd & Brent Ruben, Human Communication Handbook.
Budd & Ruben, Approaches to Human Communication.
How Human Communication Fails (Tampere University of Technology)
Society
Pyrasos F.C. is a Greek football club, based in Nea Anchialos, Magnesia.
The club was founded in 1952. They played in Gamma Ethniki for the two seasons 2014-15 and 2015-16.
Honors
Domestic Titles and honors
Thessaly Regional Championship: 3
2007-08, 2012–13, 2013–14
Thessaly Regional Cup: 3
2009-10, 2012–13, 2013–14
External links
http://pyrasos.com
Football clubs in Thessaly
Association football clubs established in 1952
1952 establishments in Greece
Stunt Ranch Santa Monica Mountains Reserve, also known as UCLA Stunt Ranch, is a 121-hectare (310-acre) University of California Natural Reserve System reserve and biological field station located in Los Angeles County. The reserve protects habitat surrounded by the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area. The address is 1201 Stunt Road, Calabasas, California.
Located 13 km (8 miles) north of the town of Malibu, the reserve is administered by the University of California, Los Angeles.
History
Although humans have occupied the Santa Monica Mountains for at least 10,000 years, the oldest human artifacts found on the reserve date from 1,000 to 3,000 years before the present. These include soapstone bowl fragments, hammerstones, and mortars. In more modern times, the area was occupied by the Gabrielino and Chumash people.
The first Europeans to settle in the Cold Creek watershed were the Stunt family, who arrived in the area from England in the late 1800s. Ethel Stunt bequeathed the ranch to Occidental College as a field station in 1971. The property was bought by the state in 1979. The University of California obtained the property and made it part of the UC Natural Reserve System in 1995.
Geography
The reserve is located within the Santa Monica Mountains, part of the Transverse Ranges of California. The range is oriented east to west due to a dogleg of the San Andreas Fault. The predominantly north-south movement of the Pacific Plate stalls along this dogleg. As the Pacific tectonic plate compresses against the North American plate, the crust uplift to form the Transverse Ranges.
Stunt Ranch reserve is oriented around perennial Cold Creek, a tributary of Malibu Creek. Cold Creek is the only stream in the Santa Monica Mountains that flows north to south.
Natural history
The reserve includes riparian corridor lined with willow, coast live oak (Quercus agrifolia) and California bay (Umbellularia californica). Farther from the creek, reserve slopes are dominated by drought-tolerant chaparral featuring species such as chamise (Adenostema fasciculatum) and bigpod ceanothus (Ceanothus megacarpus).
The largely wild mountain range gives big carnivores such as mountain lion (Puma concolor) and bobcat (Lynx rufus) room to roam within largely urban Los Angeles. In fact, the reserve is a site for research on the effects of rodenticides on predators. These carnivores prey on mule deer (Odocoileus hemionus), rodents, and rabbits are among reserve herbivores.
Education
Thousands of schoolchildren from largely urban Los Angeles neighborhoods visit the reserve on field trips each year. Since 1977, the Cold Creek Docents have led these lessons on ecology and the human history of the Santa Monica Mountains.
References
Fiedler, Peggy Lee; Rumsey, Susan Gee; Wong, Kathleen Michelle, eds. (2013). The Environmental Legacy of the UC Natural Reserve System. University of California Press.
External links
UCLA Stunt Ranch
UC Natural Reserve System: Stunt Ranch Santa Monica Mountains Reserve
University of California Natural Reserve System
Protected areas of Los Angeles County, California
Internet Gold Golden Lines (Internet Gold) is a principal communication service group in Israel. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Israel. It is a subsidiary of Eurocom Communications Ltd., owned by Shaul Elovitch. It has subsidiaries such as B Communications (formerly 012 Smile Communications) and GoldMind Ltd. (formerly Smile.Media Ltd.). The company was formerly known as Euronet Golden Lines Ltd. and changed its name to Internet Gold - Golden Lines Ltd. in 1999.
Background
The company operates in four areas including Bezeq Domestic Fixed-line Communications, Pelephone Communications ltd., Bezeq International Ltd. And D.B.S. Satellite Service Ltd.
As of April 4, 2013, the company has a market capitalization of $789.67 million with an enterprise value of $3.79 billion.
The company's subsidiary, B Communications, is the controlling holder, holding 31.37% interest, of Bezeq, which is the largest communication service provider in Israel. The company owns 75.3% interest of its subsidiary, 012 Smile Communications Ltd, which is one of Israel's major Internet and international telephony service providers and the largest providers of enterprise/IT integration services. In 2010, 012 Smile Communication completed the acquisition of all shares of Golden Lines Ltd. Smile Media Ltd. is 100% owned by Internet Gold and is engaged in Internet portals and e-Commerce business.
References
Telecommunication companies established in 1992
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Israeli companies established in 1992
Craspedoxantha polyspila is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Gambia, Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Zimbabwe.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1924
Taxa named by Mario Bezzi
Diptera of Africa
Allan H. Coxon (22 November 1909 – 27 October 2001) was an English scholar.
Biography
Coxon was born in Derby, England, and was educated at Derby Grammar School and at Oriel College Oxford under Sir David Ross. They also studied in Germany with Julius Stenzel and in Austria with Heinrich Gomperz. They were appointed to the University of Edinburgh in 1933.
They had an interest in world politics, joining the new League of Nations at the age of 14. Except for a wartime break in Naval Intelligence they taught at the University of Edinburgh, first as Assistant, later than senior lecturer in Greek language and Literature. They were appointed Reader in Ancient Philosophy in 1964 and retired in 1980 at the age of 70. Coxon is survived by their wife, Carolyn, and their three children, Alice, John and Edmund. They also have seven grandchildren.
Works
The Fragments of Parmenides: A Critical Text With Introduction and Translation, the Ancient Testimonia and a Commentary
The Philosophy of Forms: An Analytical and Historical Commentary on Plato's Parmenides: With a New English Translation
References
External links
short biography
1909 births
2001 deaths
English classical scholars
Classical scholars of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
British scholars of ancient Greek philosophy
People from Derby
O'Dayne Valentin Richards (born 14 December 1988 in St. Andrew) is a Jamaican athlete competing in the shot put and discus throw. They studied at the University of Technology, Jamaica.
Achievements
Personal bests
Outdoor
Shot Put – 21.96 (Rabat 2017)
Discus Throw – 58.31 (Kingston 2012)
Indoor
Shot Put – 19.93 (Birmingham 2018)
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Jamaican male shot putters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
People from Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica
World Athletics Championships athletes for Jamaica
World Athletics Championships medalists
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Jamaica
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Jamaica
Pan American Games gold medalists for Jamaica
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Competitors at the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Jamaica
Universiade gold medalists for Jamaica
Jamaican Athletics Championships winners
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Medalists at the 2011 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
20th-century Jamaican people
21st-century Jamaican people
Burkal () is the name of a small village in the Aabenraa Municipality, south Jutland, Denmark.
Villages in Denmark
Aabenraa Municipality
The Daimler Armoured Car was a successful British armoured car design of the Second World War that continued in service into the 1950s. It was designed for armed reconnaissance and liaison purposes. During the postwar era, it doubled as an internal security vehicle in a number of countries.
Former British Daimler armoured cars were exported to various Commonwealth of Nations member states throughout the 1950s and 1960s. In 2012, some were still being operated by the Qatari Army.
Design and development
The Daimler Armoured Car was a parallel development to the Daimler Dingo "Scout car", a small armoured vehicle for scouting and liaison roles. It was another Birmingham Small Arms design. A larger version designed on the same layout as the Dingo fitted with the turret similar to that of the Mark VII Light Tank and a more powerful engine. Like the scout car, it incorporated some of the most advanced design concepts of the time and is considered one of the best British AFVs of the Second World War. The 95 hp engine was at the rear linked through a fluid flywheel to a Wilson preselector gearbox and then a H-drive arrangement with propshafts to each wheel. Four wheel steering similar to early models of the Scout car was considered but not implemented following experience with the Dingo.
The prototypes had been produced in 1939, but problems with the transmission caused by the weight of the vehicle delayed service entry until mid-1941. Daimler Company built 2,694 armoured cars.
The Daimler had full independent suspension and four-wheel drive. Epicyclic gearing in the wheel hubs enabled a very low ratio in bottom gear - it was credited with managing 1:2 inclines. The rugged nature combined with reliability made it ideal for reconnaissance and escort work.
The variant of the turret and the 2pdr gun were also used on the Light Tank Mk VII Tetrarch.
Combat history
The Daimler saw action in North Africa with the 11th Hussars and the Derbyshire Yeomanry. It was also used in Europe and a few vehicles reached the South-East Asia theatre. A typical late war recce troop in north-west Europe would have two Daimler Armoured Cars and two Daimler Dingo scout cars.
A British Indian Army armoured car regiment, the 16th Light Cavalry, which formed part of Fourteenth Army troops was partly equipped with Daimlers and served in the reconquest of Burma.
To improve the gun performance, some Daimlers in the European Theatre had their 2-pounders fitted with the Littlejohn adaptor, which worked on the squeeze bore principle. This increased the gun's theoretical armour penetration and would allow it to penetrate the side or rear armour of some German tanks.
Daimlers were used by the territorial units of the British Army until the 1960s, outlasting their planned replacement, the Coventry Armoured Car. It was still being used, along with Daimler Dingoes, by B Squadron, 11th Hussars in Northern Ireland as late as January 1960.
An Indian Army regiment, 63 Cavalry, was raised with Humber Armoured Cars in one of its squadrons. This squadron was later hived off as an independent reconnaissance squadron and the integral squadron re-raised with Daimlers. In the early sixties, Humbers and Daimlers of the Indian Army formed the mounts of the President's Bodyguard and were deployed in the defense of Chushul during the 1962 Sino-Indian War.
Conflicts
Second World War
Korean War
Vietnam War
1948 Arab–Israeli War
Indo-Pakistani War
Ceylonese insurrection of 1971
Sri Lankan civil war
Variants
Mark I
Mark I CS - close support version with 76 mm gun.
Mark II - improved turret, modified gun mount, improved radiator, driver escape hatch incorporated into roof, WP grenade container fitted in turret and smoke generator container modified.
A turretless regimental command version, known as SOD ("Sawn-Off Daimler").
Operators
Current
Former
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
Missing-lynx.com
World War II vehicles
Daimler Armoured Car at Tanxheaven.com: , .
The Daimler Fighting Vehicles Project
World War II armoured cars
World War II armoured fighting vehicles of the United Kingdom
Reconnaissance vehicles
Armoured car
Military vehicles introduced from 1940 to 1944
Bituminaria is small genus of perennial herbs in the bean family.
Species
Bituminaria acaulis (Hoffm.) C.H. Stirt.
Bituminaria bituminosa (L.) C.H. Stirt.
Bituminaria flaccida (Nábělek) Greuter
Bituminaria morisiana (Pignatti & Metlesics) Greuter
References
External links
Psoraleeae
Fabaceae genera
Shawn Andrews (born Shawn Andrew Milgroom) is an American actor.  They are best known for their role as Kevin Pickford in the 1993 Richard Linklater film Dazed and Confused.
Career
Andrews first feature film was the cult film Dazed and Confused, where Andrews was cast as the character Kevin Pickford. They went on to lead roles such as in The Small Hours and City of Ghosts. They played the lead protagonist in Fix, being awarded Best Actor at the Brooklyn Film Festival. Andrews then appeared in Big Heart City, which was nominated for an award at the Los Angeles Film Festival.
Personal life
In 1992 Andrews was briefly married to Milla Jovovich, who was 16 at the time. The marriage was annulled by Jovovich's mother two months later.
Filmography
References
External links
American male film actors
Living people
Male actors from Massachusetts
1971 births
Feingold is a surname that may refer to:
Benjamin Feingold (1899–1982)
Feingold diet, named after Benjamin
David Sidney Feingold (1922–2019), an American biochemist and winner of the Israel Prize
Eleanor Feingold, American statistical geneticist
Kenneth Feingold (born 1952), American artist
Leon Feingold (born 1973), American baseball player
Marco Feingold (1913–2019, Austrian Holocaust survivor
Michael Feingold (born 1945), American critic, translator, lyricist, playwright
Russ Feingold (born 1953), American politician
McCain-Feingold Bill, see Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act
Sharon Feingold. American voice actor
Surnames
Jewish surnames
Yiddish-language surnames
This is a list of the administrative divisions of the municipality of Santa Maria, in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.
Districts
The municipality is divided into 10 districts ():
Apart from the 1st District, all the others are administered by Subprefects (subprefeitos), each of them appointed by the municipal Mayor.
Bairros and Administrative Regions
Santa Maria is officially organized in 50 bairros ("neighborhoods"), 41 of which are located in the 1st District of Sede ("Seat"), which accounts for 94.4% of the total population in the municipality. The remaining 9 bairros are coextensive with the 9 rural districts.
The 41 bairros of the Seat District are further grouped into 8 regiões administrativas (or R.A., "administrative regions").
External links
Political Map of Santa Maria (.pdf)
The City's Official Website
Geography of Rio Grande do Sul
Barea melanodelta is a moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in Australia, including Tasmania.
Oecophorinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1883
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stephen P. Lamb was a judge in the U.S. state of Delaware. They served on the Delaware Court of Chancery with the title of vice chancellor.
They left the court in 2009, and has now returned to private practice with the firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison where they are a partner in the Corporate and Litigation Departments,.
Education
J.D., Georgetown University Law Center, 1975
B.A., University of Pennsylvania, 1971
References
Delaware State Courts - Court of Chancery - Judges
External links
Practising Law Institute - What All Business Lawyers and Litigations Must Know About Delaware Law Developments 2007, Apr. 25, 2007, PLI New York Center -- New York, NY Co-chair is Stephen P. Lamb
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vice Chancellors of Delaware
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison people
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
San Domenico (Saint Dominic) is a Baroque-style Roman Catholic church, located on Piazza San Domenico, and located in the ancient quarter of La Loggia, in central Palermo, region of Sicily, Italy. Piazza San Domenico opens to Via Roma a few blocks south of the large Palazzo delle Poste, and a few blocks north of Sant'Antonio Abate and Teatro Biondo, is the northern border of the warren of alleys of the Vucciria neighborhood. The church houses the burial monuments of many notable Sicilians, and is known thus as the Pantheon of illustrious Sicilians.
History
A Dominican church was built on this site between 1280 and 1285. The church was built Norman–Gothic style and had alongside a convent with a cloister that reproduced a small and simple copy of the more famous Benedictine cloister of Monreale. Inside this primitive church the son of James I of Cyprus, Odo, was buried in 1420 (or 1421).
By the beginning of the 15th century, the community of worshippers had outgrown the small medieval church, and the friars sought the support of Pope Martin V and patronage of the noble families of Palermo to build a new church, this time built in a Renaissance style. However, this building would also prove too small. Therefore, in 1630, the Dominicans of Palermo commissioned architect Andrea Cirrincione to build a new church. Ten years later, on 2 February 1640, there was the groundbreaking ceremony. The Baroque façade was completed only by 1726, while the left bell tower dates from 1770.
During the Sicilian revolution of 1848, in this church the Sicilian Parliament was called under the leadership of Ruggero Settimo. In 1853 the church became the pantheon of illustrious Sicilians.
Convent
The convent, founded in 1300, is adjacent and north of the church and can be accessed from the latter's north aisle. The cloister, founded by the Chiaramonte family, has column and arches including capitals and spolia from the early 13th century building.
The walls have paintings portraying Dominican saints, scenes of Apocalypse, of the Last Judgement and works by Nicola Spalletta from Caccamo. The interior houses a refectory and a large library.
The nearby Oratory of Rosario di San Domenico houses also 18th-century decoration and a main altarpiece by Anthony van Dyck.
Burials
Emerico Amari
Michele Amari
Stanislao Cannizzaro
Francesco Crispi
Gioacchino Di Marzo
Giovanni Falcone (since 2015)
Francesco Ferrara
Francesco Maria Emanuele Gaetani
Giovanni Meli
Pietro Novelli
Giuseppe Patania
Errico Petrella
Giuseppe Pitrè
Vincenzo Riolo
Ruggero Settimo
Mariano Valguarnera
See also
Piazza San Domenico, Palermo
Victory column: Colonna dell'Immacolata, Palermo
References
External links
History of the church – Associazione Chiese Storiche
Domenico
Baroque church buildings in Palermo
Dominican churches
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1285
Cilnia humeralis, common name wide-armed mantis, is an aggressive and very cannibalistic species of praying mantis from Africa.
A breeder in Great Britain describes C. humeralis as "a very stockily built species with huge forelegs; possibly the most powerful and aggressive species I have kept."
Subspecies
This species of mantis contains two subspecies.
Cilnia humeralis femoralis (Werner, 1906)
This subspecies of mantis is found in Tanzania.
Cilnia humeralis humeralis (Saussure, 1871)
This subspecies of mantis is found in Ethiopia, Mozambique, South Africa, Namibia.
Synonyms of this subspecies include:
Cilnia humeralis brevipennis (Schulthess-Rechberg, 1899)
Cilnia humeralis ignota (Rehn, 1904)
Cilnia humeralis latipes (Stal, 1876)
References
Mantidae
Mantodea of Africa
Insects of Ethiopia
Insects of Namibia
Insects of South Africa
Insects of Tanzania
Insects described in 1871
Chemical energy is the energy of chemical substances that is released when they undergo a chemical reaction and transform into other substances. Some examples of storage media of chemical energy include batteries, food, and gasoline. Breaking and making chemical bonds involves energy, which may be either absorbed by or evolved from a chemical system.
Energy that can be released or absorbed because of a reaction between chemical substances is equal to the difference between the energy content of the products and the reactants, if the initial and final temperature is the same. This change in energy can be estimated from the bond energies of the reactants and products. It can also be calculated from , the internal energy of formation of the reactant molecules, and , the internal energy of formation of the product molecules. The internal energy change of a chemical process is equal to the heat exchanged if it is measured under conditions of constant volume and equal initial and final temperature, as in a closed container such as a bomb calorimeter. However, under conditions of constant pressure, as in reactions in vessels open to the atmosphere, the measured heat change is not always equal to the internal energy change, because pressure-volume work also releases or absorbs energy. (The heat change at constant pressure is equal to the enthalpy change, in this case the enthalpy of reaction, if initial and final temperatures are equal).
A related term is the heat of combustion, which is the energy released due to a combustion reaction and often applied in the study of fuels. Food is similar to hydrocarbon and carbohydrate fuels, and when it is oxidized to carbon dioxide and water, the energy released is analogous to the heat of combustion (though assessed differently than for a hydrocarbon fuel — see food energy).
Chemical potential energy is a form of potential energy related to the structural arrangement of atoms or molecules. This arrangement may be the result of chemical bonds. Chemical energy of chemical substances can be transformed to other forms of energy by a chemical reaction. For example, when a fuel is burned, the chemical energy is converted to heat. Green plants transform solar energy to chemical energy through the process of photosynthesis, and electrical energy can be converted to chemical energy and vice versa through electrochemical reactions.
The similar term chemical potential is used to indicate the potential of a substance to undergo a change of configuration, be it in the form of a chemical reaction, spatial transport, particle exchange with a reservoir, etc. It is not a form of potential energy itself, but is more closely related to free energy. The confusion in terminology arises from the fact that in other areas of physics not dominated by entropy, all potential energy is available to do useful work and drives the system to spontaneously undergo changes of configuration, and thus there is no distinction between "free" and "non-free" potential energy (hence the one word "potential"). However, in systems of large entropy such as chemical systems, the total amount of energy present (and conserved according to the first law of thermodynamics) of which this chemical potential energy is a part, is separated from the amount of that energy — thermodynamic free energy (from which chemical potential is derived) — which (appears to) drive the system forward spontaneously as the global entropy increases (in accordance with the second law).
References
Mirada de mujer: El regreso () is a Mexican telenovela, which was produced by and broadcast on Azteca Uno in 2003. It is the sequel of Mirada de Mujer (1997).
Synopsis
The story takes place seven years after the end of Mirada de Mujer, when Alejandro Salas had left for Spain with their son, Alex. While in Spain, Alejandro has become an internationally acclaimed author.  They are also involved with a woman named Verónica. Seven years later they come back to Mexico to receive an award for their book. In the meantime, María Inés decides to marry Jerónimo Cardenas, a doctor. Ignacio, María Inés' former husband, is about to run for Senate. They soon discovers that Daniela, their young wife, is cheating on him.
While María Inés visits the grave of their best friend, Paulina, they meet Alejandro. The story develops and María Inés must choose between Alejandro or Jerónimo.
Theme song
The theme song of the telenovela is "Mentira" (in English "It's a lie") and it is performed by Gilberto Santa Rosa.
Cast
Angélica Aragón as María Inés Domínguez de San Millán
Ari Telch as Alejandro Salas
Héctor Bonilla as Jerónimo
Fernando Luján as Lic. Ignacio San Millán
Evangelina Elizondo as Doña Emilia Elena viuda de Domínguez 'Mamá Elena'
Verónica Langer as Rosario
María Renée Prudencio as Adriana San Millán
Bárbara Mori as Mónica San Millán
Plutarco Haza as Andrés San Millán
Álvaro Carcaño Jr as Nicolás
Olmo Araiza as Alex Salas
Patricia Llaca as Verónica Segovia
Mónica Dionne as Paloma Santiago
René Gatica as Francisco
Iliana Fox as Ana Camila
Anna Ciocchetti as Sara Cárdenas
Hector Arredondo as Julián
Mauricio Ochmann .... José Chacón
Ana Serradilla as Carolina
Martha Mariana Castro as Daniela
Rodrigo Abed as Rodrigo
Xavier Massimi as Santiago
External links
Alma Latina: Mirada de Mujer Page
2003 telenovelas
2003 Mexican television series debuts
2003 Mexican television series endings
Mexican telenovelas
TV Azteca telenovelas
Sequel television series
Spanish-language telenovelas
Papua New Guinea have competed in seven editions of the Rugby League World Cup. Their best finish is the quarter-finals, which they have reached in two tournaments.
Tournament history
Tournaments
1985-1988
1 France's 1987 away fixtures against Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea were scratched and each team awarded two points as the French were unable to tour Australasia that year due to financial difficulties.
1989-1992
1995
2000
2008
<
2013
2017
2021
References
External links
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team
Rugby League World Cup
The 1947–48 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the ninth season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Sportsklubben Strong won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1947–48 in Norwegian ice hockey
François Avard (born 6 June 1968) is a Canadian writer and scenarist best known as the writer of the Québécois television series Les Bougon.
 They are the creator and co-author (with Jean-Francois Mercier) of the satirical series Les Bougon.
They wrote for multiple French-Canadian series, including Caméra Café, 3X Rien, CA and Bob Gratton. They were a sponsor of the series Ramdam for which they received two Prix Gémeaux in collaboration with writer Fabienne Cortes. They also worked for two seasons of "Ici Louis-José Houde" and the show Pendant ce temps, devant la télé on CBC.
They have been working with comedian Martin Matte since 1995. They also worked with Louis-Josée Houde to write two of their one-man shows and co-wrote their texts for the animation of the Félix Award. He's also been working with a number of other humorists, including Jean-Francois Mercier, Cathy Gauthier, Patrick Groulx and Pierre Hébert.
On February 25 2010, François Avard has signed, together with 500 artists, the call to support the international campaign for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions against Israeli apartheid.
Novels
L'Esprit de Bottine, Les Intouchables, Montréal, 1991, 262 p. ()
Les Uniques, Éditions Guérin, Montréal, 1993, 255 p. ()
Le Dernier Continent, Les Intouchables, Montréal, 1997, 334 p. ()
Mpambara, y a trop de blanc au Québec, Les 400 Coups, Montréal, 2003, 55 p. ()
Pour de vrai, Libre Expression, Outremont, 2003, 312 p. ()
Bancs publics, Lanctôt, Montréal, 2006, 197 p. ()
Avard Chronique, Les Intouchables , Montréal, 2008, 332 p. ()
Television
2001: Caméra Café (script adaptation)
2001: Ramdam (writer)
2002: Real-it (script editor)
2003: 3X Rien (script editor)
2004: Les Bougon, c'est aussi ça la vie! (co-creator and writer)
2005: Ici Louis-José Houde (script editor)
2006: CA (script advisor)
2007: Bob Gratton: ma vie, my life (script editor)
2007: Pendant ce temps, devant la télé (script editor)
2009: Vrak la vie (script editor)
2009: Bye-Bye 2009 (script editor and writer)
References
External links
"Le créateur des Bougon préfère son clavier aux feux de la rampe."
1968 births
Living people
Canadian television writers
Canadian screenwriters in French
Writers from Quebec
Université du Québec à Montréal alumni
de:Avard
Balacra guillemei is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Oberthür in 1911. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
References
Balacra
Moths described in 1911
Erebid moths of Africa
Harry Bekkering (born in 1944 in Roosteren) is a Dutch cultural scientist.  They are an author and an associate professor at the Katholieke Universiteit Nijmegen.
Bekkering was born in 1944 in Roosteren. For several years they were professor of Language and Culture Studies at the Radboud University Nijmegen, specializing in children's and youth literature. They obtained their doctorate for research into Simon Vestdijk's essayistics. In the 1980s and 1990s they were a board member and chairperson of the Vestdijkkring. They were also a board member of the Jan Campert Foundation. In 1989 they published is first book De eeuw van Sien en Otje. De twintigste eeuw, followed by De hele Bibelebontse berg: De geschiedenis van het kinderboek in Nederland & Vlaanderen van de Middeleeuwen tot heden, published the same year with Querido in Amsterdam.
Works
De eeuw van Sien en Otje. De twintigste eeuw (1989)
De hele Bibelebontse berg (1989)
Veroverde traditie. De poëticale opvattingen van S. Vestdijk (1989)
De bloemlezing als breekijzer (1997)
Ik had wel duizend levens en ik nam er maar één! Cees Nooteboom (1997)
References
External links
Harry Bekkering at the Digital Library for Dutch Literature (in Dutch)
Living people
1944 births
Dutch literary historians
Radboud University Nijmegen faculty
People from Echt-Susteren
20th-century Dutch non-fiction writers
20th-century Dutch male writers
California Guitar Trio (CGT) is a band of three guitar players founded in Los Angeles in 1991 by Paul Richards, Hideyo Moriya, and Bert Lams around the concept of playing acoustic guitars in the New Standard Tuning taught by Robert Fripp on Guitar Craft courses.
History and Formation
Formation: The California Project
The original members of California Guitar Trio met on the series of Robert Fripp's Guitar Craft courses in England in 1987. The three original members-—Paul Richards of Salt Lake City, Utah, Bert Lams of Affligem, Belgium, and Hideyo Moriya of Tokyo, Japan--toured as part of Robert Fripp and The League of Crafty Guitarists. After completing the 1991 tour of Europe with the League of Crafty Guitarists, Fripp asked Lams to write down a list of musical aims, materials, strategy, and possible collaborators for what was called the California Project. Lams named two other Guitar Craft students as potential collaborators who would be willing to move temporarily to Los Angeles to work with them on this project based out of their home: Richards and Moriya. Thus the California Project ultimately became the California Guitar Trio. The first official performance of the California Guitar Trio took place on February 7, 1991. They continue to play in the New Standard Tuning using amplified acoustic guitars and various combinations of effects, guitar synthesizers and live loop recording as part of their performances. Their performances and recordings include original compositions, surf covers, and arrangements of classical music created for the New Standard Tuning and their tight interplay style known as "circulation" in the Guitar Craft parlance. Their influences include European classical music, rock, blues, jazz, world music, and surf music.
Robert Fripp String Quintet
In 1992 and 1993 with Fripp and Trey Gunn, they toured and recorded as The Robert Fripp String Quintet. Several recordings of those performances are available through Fripp's DGMLive website.
First Albums on DGM Records
In 1991, the CGT self-released their self-titled demo album, recorded in Bert Lams' home just outside Hollywood, California. The recordings on this release were remastered by Tony Arnold and augmented with two additional tracks to form their first CD released on Fripp's Discipline Global Mobile record label (now Inner Knot Records), the 1993 album Yamanashi Blues,
In 1995, the trio were invited by physicist and Nobel Laureate Murray Gell-Mann to record at their residence near Lamy, New Mexico. The resulting album Invitation includes pieces that were inspired by the landscape ("Train to Lamy Suite"), and arrangements of pieces inspired by their surroundings, such as the theme from "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" and " Apache".
Later in 1995, Fripp asked the trio to be the opening act for King Crimson. CGT opened for King Crimson for more than 130 shows in the US, Europe and Japan, exposing their music to a global audience. A sample of these performances were released on their album An Opening Act.
In 1998, CGT released Pathways, in similar format to the first two albums, with combinations of original compositions, arrangements of classical pieces, and surf guitar songs.
Collaborative Era
In 1999, the trio began touring with bassist and Stick player Tony Levin whom they had met on their tours with King Crimson. Levin appears on the CGT albums Rocks The West and Monday Night in San Francisco, and contemporaneously invited CGT to play their album Waters of Eden. Other collaborators of the time included saxophonist Bill Janssen and percussionist Jarrod Kaplan.
In 2001, CGT toured with Tony Levin and King Crimson drummer Pat Mastelotto. After the tour, they released a live recording from this tour (Live at The Key Club) and recorded the album CG3+2 in Austin, Texas with Levin and Mastelotto. 2001 also saw the release of 10 Christmas Songs, which has accounted for some of the most popular CGT renditions on streaming services such as Spotify and Pandora (streaming service).
In August 2004, they released Whitewater, produced by Tony Levin. It features mainly original works of the CGT, offset by a circulation arrangement of a Bach prelude and a mashup of "(Ghost) Riders in the Sky" with The Doors' "Riders on the Storm." During this period, CGT began touring with their own sound engineer, Tyler Trotter. Trotter would often accompany the trio on melodica during live improvisations and performances of Tubular Bells.
The next studio release by CGT was 2008's Echoes, with reworkings of other artists' songs, such as Pink Floyd's Echoes, Tubular Bells by Mike Oldfield, Music For a Found Harmonium, and Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody, which became a staple of their live performances. This was followed in 2010 by Andromeda, the first CGT album with all original compositions. Trotter served as co-producer and engineer of both albums.
Montreal Guitar Trio
In 2009, CGT performed their first shows with the Montreal Guitar Trio. The album Montreal Guitar Trio + California Guitar Trio captures these first live performances, with each trio performing their own works and playing as a sextet for the encore. They toured together on a shared bill, and in 2019 recorded In A Landscape, showcasing all six musicians playing together as a single ensemble.
2012 to present
The 2012 release, Masterworks, is an all classical music compilation featuring music by Beethoven, Bach, Vivaldi, Rossini and Arvo Pärt. Guitarist Fareed Haque played on Vivaldi's "Winter", and Tony Levin played upright bass and cello on four tracks.
The next album was the 2016 release of Komorebi, which was the first CGT album to utilize crowdfunding to offset the production costs. The album is notable for its purely acoustic sound, whereas most previous CGT recordings featured some use of audio effects, amplification, loops and synthesized sounds integrated with acoustic guitars. It was recorded by Tom Griesgraber in their Encinitas, California studio. Mastering for this album was done by Brian Lucey, another Guitar Craft student and notable mastering engineer and producer.
Their latest studio album is 2020's Elegy, and a subsequent tour was planned and later rescheduled as a result of the global COVID-19 pandemic. The group resumed touring in July of 2021 as an opening act for King Crimson, followed by a brief tour of the US in the fall of 2021.
Members
The three founding members of California Guitar Trio recorded and performed together continuously from 1991 until 2020. When the trio were asked to open for King Crimson on their 2021 US tour, Moriya was unable to accompany them. Stick player, producer and recording engineer Tom Griesgraber, who had collaborated with CGT as an opening act, record producer and touring/recording partner with Bert Lams, was asked to step in as the third touring member in the summer of 2021. Griesgraber has been a touring member of the band since. As of 2022, Moriya is on hiatus as a touring member of CGT.
The members of CGT all reside in different places but continue to come together for touring and recording projects. Richards lives in West Hollywood, California; Lams resides in Jupiter, Florida; Moriya lives in Chiba-ken, Japan; Griesgraber lives in Encinitas, California.
Tours
California Guitar Trio maintains an exhaustive list of their appearances on their website dating back to their first formal show in February, 1991. In February, 2022, they will have performed more than 2,000 live shows since their inception.
Notable Collaborations
The following artists have appeared on CGT recordings:
Bonnie Prince Billy on Echoes
Nora Germain on Komorebi
Tom Griesgraber on Andromeda and Komorebi
Trey Gunn on Invitation
Petra Haden on Komorebi
Fareed Haque on Masterworks
Bill Janssen on Rocks The West
Tony Levin on Rocks The West, Monday Night in San Francisco, Live at the Key Club, CG3+2, Masterworks, Andromeda Komorebi, Elegy
Pat Mastelotto on Live at the Key Club, CG3+2
Fabio Mittino on Elegy
Davide Rossi on Komorebi and Elegy
Eric Slick and Julie Slick on Echoes and Andromeda
Tyler Trotter on Echoes and Andromeda
Appearances on Other Artists' Recordings
1995 Alice's album Charade
2000 Waters of Eden on Tony Levin's album Waters of Eden
2003 Grammy Awards-nominated track "Apollo" on Tony Levin's Pieces of the Sun.
Opening Acts and Shared Bills
In addition to their collaborations, California Guitar Trio have shared the stage as either an opening act or headlining performance with musicians as varied as King Crimson, John McLaughlin, Jerry Marotta, David Sylvian, Tito Puente, Leftover Salmon, Taj Mahal, Guy Pratt, Steve Lukather, Simon Phillips, Adrian Legg, Jon Anderson, the California Symphony, Monte Montgomery, Enchant, Spock's Beard, The Flower Kings, Slash's Snakepit, Rick Wakeman, The Flower Kings, Primus, Zoë Keating, Adrian Belew Power Trio, Jake Shimabukuro and Trace Bundy.
Lams Side Projects
In 2005, Lams released Nascent, a collection of Bach preludes and violin partitas transcribed for the guitar in New Standard Tuning.
Chapman Stick player Tom Griesgraber opened for CGT on several beginnings in 2005. As an offshoot of this collaboration, Griesgraber and Lams began a series of smaller tours and "house concerts" starting in 2008. In 2012 they released the album Unnamed Lands.
Lams, along with Italian guitarist Fabio Mittino have recorded and toured as a duet performing the music of George Gurdjieff and Thomas de Hartmann. They have released three albums to date.
Discography
California Guitar Trio has released 22 albums, including twelve studio albums with a mixture of original CGT compositions, classical arrangements and cover songs and seven live albums.
California Guitar Trio are also feature players in the Robert Fripp String Quintet, which included Robert Fripp and Trey Gunn. The three founding members of CGT can also be heard on two albums recorded by Robert Fripp and The League of Crafty Guitarists.
Studio Albums
The California Guitar Trio (1991)
Yamanashi Blues (1993)
Invitation (1995)
Pathways (1998)
10 Christmas Songs (2001)
CG3+2 (featuring Tony Levin and Pat Mastelotto) (2002)
Whitewater (2004)
Echoes (2008)
Andromeda (2010)
Masterworks (2011)
Komorebi (2016)
Elegy (2020)
Live CGT Albums
An Opening Act: Live on Tour with King Crimson (1999)
Rocks the West (2000)
Monday Night in San Francisco (2000)
Live at the Key Club (2001)
Live at Freight and Salvage (2021)
Live in Scottsdale On Tour with King Crimson (2021)
Compilations
The First Decade (compilation) (2003)
Highlights (compilation) (2007)
with Montreal Guitar Trio
Montreal Guitar Trio + California Guitar Trio Live (2011)
In a Landscape (2019)
with the Robert Fripp String Quintet
The Bridge Between (1993)
with Robert Fripp & The League of Crafty Guitarists
Show of Hands (1990)
Intergalactic Boogie Express - Live in Europe 1991 (1995)
Citations
Notes
References
External links
California Guitar Trio home page
California Guitar Trio Bandcamp Page
CGT on Pandora Radio
CGT on Spotify
Montreal Guitare Trio
Tom Griesgraber's website
Bert Lams' website
Robert Fripp String Quintet on DGMLive
Robert Fripp & The LCG on DGMLive
Brian Lucey's Magic Garden Mastering
Musical groups established in 1991
Classical guitar ensembles
Crafty guitarists
Discipline Global Mobile artists
1991 establishments in California
Inside Out Music artists
Lorraine Senye is a South African politician from the Northern Cape.  They are a Member of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature. They were previously Mayor of the Siyancuma Local Municipality. Senye is a member of the African National Congress (ANC).
References
External links
Lorraine Senye – People's Assembly
Profile : Ms Lorraine Senye
Living people
African National Congress politicians
Members of the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature
Year of birth missing (living people)
Cantharellus lateritius, commonly known as the smooth chanterelle, is a species of edible fungus in the mushroom family Cantharellaceae. An ectomycorrhizal species, it is found in Asia, Africa, and North America. The species has a complex taxonomic history, and has undergone several name changes since its first description by American mycologist Lewis David de Schweinitz in 1822. The fruit bodies of the fungus are brightly colored yellow to orange, and usually highly conspicuous against the soil in which they are found. At maturity, the mushroom resembles a filled funnel with the spore-bearing surface along the sloping outer sides. The texture of the fertile undersurface (hymenium) of the caps is a distinguishing characteristic of the species: unlike the well-known golden chanterelle, the hymenium of C. lateritius is much smoother. Chemical analysis has revealed the presence of several carotenoid compounds in the fruit bodies.
Taxonomy
The species was first described in the scientific literature as Thelephora cantharella by the American Lewis David de Schweinitz in 1822, based on specimens collected in Ohio. Elias Magnus Fries later transferred it to Craterellus in their 1838 Epicrisis Systematis Mycologici. In 1856, Miles Joseph Berkeley and Moses Ashley Curtis mentioned the fungus in their analysis of Schweinitz's specimens, but changed the epithet, calling it Craterellus lateritius. The motivation for the name change is unclear; Ronald H. Petersen, in a 1979 publication, suggests that Berkeley "was apparently reluctant to surrender their own name for the organism". Petersen suggests that Berkeley may have foreseen the necessity to avoid giving the species a tautonym (a situation where both the generic name and specific epithet are identical). However, as Petersen indicates, a future publication renders this explanation dubious: in 1873 Berkeley again referred to the species using their chosen name Craterellus lateritius, and indicated a type location (Alabama) different than the one mentioned by Schweinitz. Petersen considers Berkeley's name to be a nomen novum (new name), not a new species, as Berkeley clearly indicated that they thought Craterellus lateritius was synonymous with Schweinitz's Thelephora cantharella. Normally in these circumstances, Schweinitz's specimen would be considered the type, but Petersen was unable to locate Schweinitz's original specimen, and thus according to the rules of botanical nomenclature, Berkeley's epithet has precedence as it is the earliest published name that has an associated type specimen.
Another synonym is Trombetta lateritia, used by Otto Kuntze in their 1891 Revisio Generum Plantarum. American mycologist Rolf Singer transferred it to the genus Cantharellus in 1951. The mushroom is commonly known as the "smooth chanterelle". The specific name lateritius means "bricklike", and refers to the smooth hymenium.
Description
The caps of the C. lateritius fruiting bodies typically range between in diameter, with a flattened to somewhat funnel-shaped top surface and a wavy margin. The cap surface is dry, slightly tomentose (covered with a layer of fine hairs), and a deep and bright orange-yellow color, with older specimens fading to more yellow in age; the distinctive margins of the cap are a paler yellow, and typically curve downward in young specimens. Fruiting bodies can reach a height of . The hymenophore (the spore-bearing surface) is initially smooth and without wrinkles, but gradually develops channels or ridges, and what appear to be very shallow gills that are vein-like, and less than 1 mm wide. The color is pale yellow, and is continuous with the surface of the stem. The stem is rather plump and stout, long and thick, more or less cylindrical, tapering downwards towards the base. Internally, the stems are either stuffed (filled with cotton-like mycelia) or solid. Rarely, fruiting bodies may be clumped together with stems conjoined at the base; in these cases there are usually no more than three fused stems. The flesh is solid to partly hollow (sometimes due to insect larvae), with a pale yellow color; it is thick.
The spores are smooth, with a roughly ellipsoid shape, and have typical dimensions of 7–7.5 by 4.5–5 µm. In deposit, such as in a spore print, the spores are light yellow orange, while under the microscope they are a very pale yellowish. The spore bearing cells—the basidia—are 75–80 by 7–9 µm, 4-5-6-spored, slightly club-shaped, and with a distinctly thickened wall at the base. Clamp connections (short branches connecting one cell to the previous cell to allow passage of the products of nuclear division) are present in the hyphae of all parts of the fruiting body.
Similar species
Cantharellus lateritius is pinker than the golden chanterelle (C. cibarius), and has thicker flesh in addition to the smoother hymenial surface. C. odoratus is also similar in appearance, and is distinguished by a thinner flesh and a hollow stem. The poisonous "Jack O'Lantern" mushroom, Omphalotus olearius, is roughly similar in stature and color, but can be differentiated from C. lateritius by its true gills with sharply defined edges, and growth on decaying wood (although the wood may be buried in the soil), usually in large overlapping clusters.
One author considers Cantharellus lateritius to likely represent a species complex, including "all the chanterelles with a completely smooth hymenophore, sweet smell, and clamped hyphae."
Edibility
Like all species in the genus Cantharellus, C. lateritius is edible, and often considered choice. The odor resembles apricots, and the taste is mild, or "moderately to faintly acrid". In the opinion of McFarland and Mueller, authors of a field guide to edible fungi of Illinois, compared to the well-known C. cibarius, C. lateritius is "in general ... somewhat disappointing when compared with their delicious relatives".
Distribution and habitat
Cantharellus lateritius is distributed in North America, Africa, Malaysia, and the Himalayas (specifically, the Almora hills in Uttar Pradesh). In the United States, its range extends northward to Michigan and New England.
Typically found growing solitary, in groups or in clusters under hardwood trees, the fungus produces fruit bodies in the summer and autumn. In the New England area of the United States, mycologist Howard Bigelow has noted it to grow on road shoulders in grass near oaks; it also has a predilection for growing on sloping creek banks. In Malaysia, it is found growing on the soil in forests, mostly under species of Shorea (rainforest trees in the family Dipterocarpaceae). C. lateritius has been reported from the Western Ghats, Kerala, India, forming ectomycorrhizal association with endemic tree species like Vateria indica, Hopea parviflora, Diospyros malabarica, Myristica malabarica in semi-evergreen to evergreen forests.
Bioactive compounds
In a 1998 study, the carotenoid composition of this species was compared to several other Cantharellus species, including C. cibarus, C. cibarius var. amythysteus, and C. tabernensis. The carotenoid content between species was "virtually identical", comprising γ-carotene, α-carotene, and β-carotene. The only significant difference was that C. lateritius contained a significant quantity of an unidentified carotene that was thought to be a breakdown product of β-carotene.
References
External links
Edible fungi
lateritius
Fungi described in 1822
Fungi of Africa
Fungi of Asia
Fungi of North America
Taxa named by Miles Joseph Berkeley
Lloyd Aviation was an Australian regional airline established in 1969. The airline ceased operations on 30 September 1990.
History
Lloyd Aviation was established in 1969 as Lloyd Aviation Jet Charter Pty. Ltd and began charter operations in the same year. In 1985 the airline acquired a 79-seat Fokker F.28 and began operating a twice-daily Adelaide to Moomba route on behalf of energy company, Santos. In 1986 Lloyd Aviation began operating EMB-110 Bandeirantes in South Australia. These aircraft began serving Kingscote, Olympic Dam, Port Lincoln and Whyalla from Adelaide. On 10 March 1986 Lloyd Aviation began operating routes to and from Broken Hill just after Airlines of S.A terminated theirs Also during March 1986 Lloyd Aviation introduced Cessna Citation jets on their Adelaide to Port Lincoln and Adelaide to Whyalla routes (however these aircraft were soon withdrawn and replaced with Bandeirantes & Cessna 402s). By 1987 the airline was operating a fleet of 34 aircraft, based throughout the Northern Territory and South Australia.
On 1 June 1987 Lloyd Aviation began operations in Queensland on behalf of Ansett Australia. The airline established a base at Brisbane and soon began serving Bundaberg, Gladstone, Biloela/Thangool, Blackwater and Emerald. Soon after commencing operations in Queensland, the airline was sold to Bodas Pty. Ltd. During the later months of 1987 the airline scaled back its routes from Adelaide to Olympic Dam, Port Lincoln and Whyalla, but maintained its services to Kingscote. The airline also began using chartered Rockwell Aero Commanders on some services from Brisbane. On 11 November Lloyd Aviation introduced the 25-seat Mohawk 298 on the Brisbane to Bundaberg and Gladstone route on behalf of Ansett Australia. However these new Mohawk 298s performed poorly in Australian conditions and were later cited by staff as being a 'technical, operational and financial disaster'.
In the late 1980s Lloyd Aviation began to decline with the company selling off its Queensland division to Norfolk Group (with some of the routes, assets and staff transferred to Queensland Pacific Airlines) and ceasing all operations from Adelaide, with the exception of their Kingscote service. During the pilots' dispute of 1989 Lloyd Aviation began operating a leased Fokker F.28 to and from Norfolk Island on behalf of East-West Airlines. During December 1989 the airline also introduced Short 330s on the Adelaide to Kingscote route, with the aircraft also being used for freight. In 1990, with the airline continuing to decline the decision was made to merge Lloyd Aviation with Skywest Airlines with the 21 aircraft in the airline fleet going to Skywest. On 30 September, Lloyd Aviation operated its final flight from Kingscote to Adelaide and subsequently ceased all operations.
Destinations
Throughout its existence the airline operated to destinations such as:
Adelaide
Biloela/Thangool
Blackwater
Brisbane
Bundaberg
Emerald
Gladstone
Kingscote
Norfolk Island
Olympic Dam
Port Lincoln
Whyalla
Fleet
Throughout its existence, Lloyd Aviation operated:
Beechcraft King Air
Bell 206
CASA C-212
Cessna 402C
Cessna 441
Cessna 550 Citation II
Embraer 110
Embraer 120 (deposits paid, but never delivered)
Fokker F.28 Mk. 4000
Mohawk 298
Learjet 35
Rockwell 690
Short 330
Sikorsky S-76
See also
Queensland Pacific Airlines
References
Defunct airlines of Australia
1969 establishments in Australia
1990 disestablishments in Australia
SCJ may refer to:
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
Sacré-Coeur de Jésus (Sacred Heart of Jesus), which is used by two Catholic orders:
Congregation of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, also known as Timon David fathers after their founder (Joseph-Marie Timon-David in 1852)
Priests of the Sacred Heart, founded by Leon Dehon in 1878
Science Council of Japan
SCJ: The Sydney Cinema Journal, an Australian journal, published 1966–1968 by Ken Quinnell and Michael Thornhill
Shincheonji Church of Jesus the Temple of the Tabernacle of the Testimony which is a religious group in South Korea founded by Lee Man-hee
Sixteenth Century Journal
Society for Collegiate Journalists
Squamocolumnar junction, part of the cervix
Sterno-Clavicular Joint
Superior Court of Justice (disambiguation), various entities
The Spice of Life is a pub at Cambridge Circus in London's Charing Cross Road. The pub was founded as The George & Thirteen Cantons in or before 1759, and later became The Scots Hoose. By 1975 it had been renamed The Spice of Life.
As the Scots Hoose in the 1950s and 1960s, the pub had one of Britain's most celebrated folk clubs in its upstairs room, run by Bruce Dunnet, that featured some of the greatest names of the folk revival, such as Bert Jansch, Al Stewart, Davey Graham, Ralph McTell, Roy Harper, Sandy Denny, Ewan MacColl and The Young Tradition. The club operated under various names, including "The Young Tradition".
References
Pubs in Soho
Charles-Jean-François Chéron (1635–1698), often known as François Chéron, was a French goldsmith, medallist, and painter active in Rome and Paris; their cousin was the noted painter and poet Élisabeth Sophie Chéron. Chéron was born in Lunéville, where their father, Jean-Charles Chéron (fl. 1630s), was a jeweller and engraver to Charles IV, Duke of Lorraine. The younger Chéron moved to Rome in 1655 to help produce works for the Papal Mint. During their time in Rome, Chéron created medals of Pope Clement IX and Pope Clement X, Christina of Sweden, and Louis XIV of France (1672). In 1675 they were summoned to Paris by Louis XIV, and enrolled in the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture in the subsequent year. Their academy reception piece consisted of portrait medals of Charles Le Brun and others, with later work including a fine medal of Gian Lorenzo Bernini. Chéron was employed at the Medal Mint for 12 years, where they produced medals upon a wide variety of subjects and occasions. They died in Paris.
References
Oxford Index entry
Victoria & Albert Museum entry
Metropolitan Museum of Art entry
Biographical Dictionary of Medallists: A–D, compiled by L. Forrer, Spink & Son, 1904, page 420.
Medals and Plaquettes in the Ulrich Middeldorf Collection at the Indiana University Art Museum: 15th to 20th Centuries, Arne R. Flaten, Indiana University Press, 2012, page 134.
Bernini: Their Life and Their Rome, Franco Mormando, University of Chicago Press, 2011, page 286.
French medallists
Mamin () is a Slavic surname, its feminine counterpart is Mamina. The surname is derived from the word мама (mama, meaning "mommy") and literally means Mommy's. It may refer to:
Nickname
Mamin Kolyu, nickname of Bulgarian revolutionary Nikola Koev Nikolov (1880–1961)
Surname
Alyona Mamina (born 1990), Russian sprinter
Askar Mamin (born 1965), Prime Minister of Kazakhstan
Dmitry Mamin-Sibiryak (1852–1912), Russian author
Maxim Mamin (ice hockey, born 1988), Russian ice hockey center
Maxim Mamin (ice hockey, born 1995), Russian ice hockey forward
Yuri Mamin (born 1946), Russian film director, stage director, screenwriter, composer and author
Imma penthinoides is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Pagenstecher in 1884. It is found on the Moluccas.
References
Moths described in 1884
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Joe Naufahu (born Joseph Stalin Pereira Naufahu 25 January 1978 in New Zealand) is a New Zealand actor and former professional rugby player. During their rugby career, they played for the Leicester Tigers and Glasgow Warriors, among others, and briefly coached the Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians. They began acting in 2005. Most notably, they portrayed Khal Moro in the sixth season of the HBO fantasy TV series Game of Thrones. In August 2021, it was announced that they would feature in the 2021 Season of
Celebrity Treasure Island 2021.
Personal life
Naufahu has stated their grandparents were from Tonga, Samoa, Portugal and Germany, though he's also mentioned having Irish roots. Their brother is actor and director Rene Naufahu.
Career
Rugby
Naufahu played rugby for their school, King's College and played with New Zealand Schoolboys on their tour of the United Kingdom in 1995. They then joined the provincial side Canterbury and played for the New Zealand Under 19s and Under 21s. They also played for Southland
They played in the Super 12 Under 23 tournament for the Canterbury Crusaders in 2001.
They moved to the United Kingdom in 2002 and had a brief spell with Leicester Tigers starting 2 matches and making 3 appearances from the bench. From there, they signed for the Glasgow Warriors in December 2002. They worked with the then Glasgow coach Kiwi Searancke coming through the age grades in New Zealand. They were immediately put in the first team. They marked their Glasgow debut by scoring a try against rivals Edinburgh on Boxing Day 2002 at Hughenden Stadium in a 10-10 draw. They also scored a try in the return fixture in Edinburgh and Glasgow ultimately won the match 45-33. In season 2003-04, Naufahu suffered from a knee injury. In their rehabilitation, they played for amateur side Stirling County.
The knee injury eventually caused Naufahu to quit professional rugby but they continued playing for amateur side Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians in 2004-05. However, the injury eventually prevented them playing at an amateur level and they moved to become a coach at Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians.
Acting
After some smaller roles, and one of the lead roles in the 2005 TV series The Market, Naufahu secured a recurring role in the sixth season of the fantasy TV series Game of Thrones in 2016 as Khal Moro.
They played Mils Muliaina in the Rugby Union movie The Kick (2014), a biography of All Black Stephen Donald who kicked New Zealand's winning penalty in the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
Fitness
Nauhafu runs a personal training business called Ludus Magnus.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
ESPN Biography
Glasgow Warriors fansite biography
Tigers biography
1978 births
Living people
Glasgow Warriors players
New Zealand rugby union players
Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians RFC players
Stirling County RFC players
People educated at Auckland Grammar School
21st-century New Zealand male actors
20th-century New Zealand male actors
New Zealand male film actors
New Zealand male television actors
Actors of Samoan descent
Leicester Tigers players
Expatriate rugby union players in Scotland
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Rugby union centres
The 1982-83 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers < beating RC Nice in the final.
The group B was won by Hagetmau beating Paris UC in the final.
Formula
Both group is formed by 40 clubs divide in four pool of ten clubs.
In both group the two better of each pool were admitted directly to "last 16" round of knockout stage, while the classified from 3rd to 6th of each pool were admitted to a barrage.
Group A
Qualification round
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted directly to "last 16" round.
Barrage
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Another tile won by Bezièrs, the 10th in the history and 9th in last dozen of years.
Group B
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale 1983 lnr.fr
1983
France
Championship
Mecistophylla stenopepla is a species of snout moth in the genus Mecistophylla. It was described by Turner in 1904, and is known from Queensland, Australia.
References
Moths described in 1904
Tirathabini
Grayson Perry: All Man is a 2016 British television miniseries about masculinity presented by Grayson Perry.
Episode 1: Hard Man
Air date 5 May 2016
Perry meets cage fighters.
Episode 2: Top Man
Air date 12 May 2016
Perry meets the police and underclass people in Skelmersdale, Lancashire.
Episode 3: Rational Man
Air date 19 May 2016
Perry meets men who work in finance in the City of London.
References
External links
Channel 4
2016 British television series debuts
2016 British television series endings
Channel 4 documentaries
English-language television shows
The 1938–39 season was the 47th season of The Football League.
Final league tables
The tables below are reproduced here in the exact form that they can be found at The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and in Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79, with home and away statistics separated.
Match results are drawn from The Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation website and Rothmans for the First Division and from Rothmans for the Second Division and for the two Third Divisions.
Beginning with the season 1894–95, clubs finishing level on points were separated according to goal average (goals scored divided by goals conceded), or more properly put, goal ratio. In case one or more teams had the same goal difference, this system favoured those teams who had scored fewer goals, if the teams had a positive goal difference. The goal average system was eventually scrapped beginning with the 1976–77 season.
From the 1922–23 season, the bottom two teams of both Third Division North and Third Division South were required to apply for re-election.
First Division
Results
Maps
Second Division
Results
Maps
Third Division North
Results
Maps
Third Division South
Results
Maps
See also
1938-39 in English football
1938 in association football
1939 in association football
References
Ian Laschke: Rothmans Book of Football League Records 1888–89 to 1978–79. Macdonald and Jane's, London & Sydney, 1980.
English Football League seasons
Eng
1938–39 in English football leagues
Röd (Swedish for Red) is the eighth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent. It was released as digital download exclusively through the band's website on 5 November 2009 and physically on 6 November 2009. The first single from the album, "Töntarna", was released as digital download on 5 October 2009. The song "Svarta linjer" was performed on the television talk show Skavlan on 30 October.
Röd is available in a standard edition and a deluxe edition box. The deluxe edition box version features the 11-track CD, a USB flash drive with high quality MP3 files as well as AIFF files, three 10" records which between them contain the whole album, and a 118-page book containing lyrics, abstract pictures and photographs. Due to distribution difficulties the deluxe edition was delayed until 11 November 2009.
Background
Lead singer Joakim Berg announced on Kent's forum on 21 April 2009, that the band had started writing songs for the album in 2008 until the beginning of April 2009 and subsequently the band had begun the recording of the album. The album is produced by Kent and Joshua, who also produced the band's previous studio album.
Eight out of 11 songs were recorded in the concert hall Meistersaal in Berlin. It was originally part of the legendary Hansa Tonstudio from the 1970s until 1991, but has since been used as a location for events. Kent had to set up their own recording studio, with the recording costs being around 3 million SEK according to Joakim Berg.
Track listing
All lyrics written by Joakim Berg. All music written by Joakim Berg and Martin Sköld.
Personnel
Produced by Kent & Joshua
Recorded in Meistersaal, Berlin; Psykbunkern/Park Studio, Stockholm; The Bowery Hotel, New York City; Hyltinge Church, Sparreholm and different living rooms
Track 4, 7, 8, 11: Mixed by Simon Nordberg
Track 1, 5, 6, 9: Mixed by Stefan Boman
Track 2, 3, 10: Mixed by Joshua
All songs are mixed in Psykbunkern/Park Studio except "Det finns inga ord" which is mixed in Traxton
Mastered by Henrik Jonsson, Masters of Audio
Instrument technician: Martin Brengesjö
Assistant: Sebastian Meyer
Track 6: Choir by Johan Renck
Track 3, 9: Choir by Johan T Karlsson
Track 1: The "Tonalerna" choir led by Yngve Sköld
Track 1: Organ by Martin Sköld
Design: Helen Svensson & Thomas Ökvist
Cover photo: Annika Aschberg
Colour photo: Makode Linde
Black, red, grey photo: Thomas Ökvist
Management: Martin Roos
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Röd at Discogs
2009 albums
Kent (band) albums
Swedish-language albums
Albums produced by Joshua (record producer)
Skokie was a family of research vehicles developed by the Cook Electric Co. for the United States Air Force during the mid to late 1950s. Launched from a B-29 bomber, Skokie 1 was an unpowered, ballistic vehicle, while Skokie 2 was rocket-propelled; both were used for evaluating and testing high-speed parachute recovery systems.
Design and development
Intended for use in evaluating high-speed parachute systems for the recovery of missiles and unmanned aircraft, Skokie was a simple, inexpensively-designed vehicle, consisting of a tube with a long spike on the nose to reduce damage while landing under parachute. Named after the hometown of the Cook Electric Co., their manufacturer, Skokie 1 had four aft-mounted stabilizing fins; Skokie 2 had a tri-fin arrangement, with three solid-propellant rockets, of a type similar to that used for rocket-assisted take offs, externally mounted between them. The vehicle was equipped with instrumentation to record the deployment of the two-stage parachute; a high-speed camera was also fitted. Skokie I descended ballistically at high subsonic speed; the rocket-powered Skokie II could reach Mach 2 before deploying its parachute.
Mission profile
Skokie was launched from a Boeing B-29 Superfortress bomber at in altitude. On each drop, the vehicle would deploy an initial parachute to calibrate the onboard equipment, following which it would be released to allow the vehicle to build up speed. A drogue parachute would be deployed once the vehicle reached a speed slightly below terminal velocity; after deceleration, the main parachute of in diameter would deploy.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
"Peaceful Missile Nose-Dives From B-29 To Test Parachute". Popular Science, June 1954, p.148.
Experimental rockets of the United States
Equipment of the United States Air Force
Boeing B-29 Superfortress
The Anargharāghava (Devanagari ) is a dramatised retelling of the Ramayana, and one of the most challenging pieces of classical Sanskrit poetry.
It is the only surviving work by , a Brahmin court poet, who lived some time between the 8th and 10th century CE, perhaps in Orissa or in neighbouring South India.
Because of its elegant style, learned allusions and often striking imagery, the poem has been a great favourite among pandits , although it received little attention in the West until recently. The well-known epic story of Rama's exploits is presented as a series of political intrigues and battles, and contrasted with lyrical passages of various kinds: on love and war, pride and honor, gods and demons, rites and myths, regions and cities of ancient India.
The play has little action — most fights and events take place behind the scenes or between acts — focussing instead on diction and other elements of dramatic representation, reminiscent of the Keralan Kutiyattam tradition. Although Kutiyattam representations are envisaged for dramas with more action than the Anargharāghava, actual performances — which normally include only one episode of a play at one go — often resemble spectacular chanting recitations of poetry interspersed with well-choreographed movements rather than what one would normally call theatre.
Murāri's emphasis on writing a play rather than a series of beautiful stanzas is also seen in the numerous allusions to plays and theatre.
In the Prakrit-Sanskrit prelude of Act 4, entitled , Mālyavan, the great intriguer of the demons, Rāvaṇa's minister, is angry with Vishvāmitra, who is directing a ‘bad drama', , a play which is altogether against Mālyavan's will. The expression is made more explicit by one of the commentators, Vishnubhatta, who gives the following paraphrase: they Vishvāmitra directs everything himself, just as a stage-manager does ().
In presenting the Rama-story as a story of intrigues, Murāri follows the tradition of Bhavabhuti's Mahāvīracarita, but renews it with their parallels from the world of stage.
Translations
Anargharāghavam with Sanskrit commentary and Hindi translation by Rāmacandra Miśra, Varanasi: Chowkhamba Vidya Bhawan, 1960.
Anargharāghava: Das Schauspiel vom kostbaren Raghuspross. Einführung und Übersetzung by Karin Steiner, Drama und Theater in Südasien, Wiesbaden: Harrassowitz Verlag, 1997.
Rama Beyond Price by Judit Törzsök, Clay Sanskrit Library, 2006.
See also
Sanskrit drama
Sanskrit literature
References
Viṣṇubhaṭṭaviracitā Anargharāghavapañcikā: The Commentary of Viṣṇubhaṭṭa on the Anargharāghava of Murāri by Judit Törzsök, Critical edition, Vol I: The Commentary of Viṣṇubhaṭṭa; Vol. II: The Anargharāghava of Murāri as Read by Viṣṇubhaṭṭa, Notes, Appendices by Harinarayana Bhat, Journal of the American Oriental Society, Vol. 123, No. 2 (Apr. – Jun., 2003), pp. 431–434.
External links
scans of an 1887 edition, Nirnaysagar press, Mumbai.
Sanskrit plays
Matthäus Hipp also spelled Matthias or Mathias (Blaubeuren, 25 October 1813 – 3 May 1893 in Fluntern) was a German clockmaker and inventor who lived from 1852 on in Switzerland.
Their most important, lastingly significant inventions were electrical looms, traffic signals, and pendulum clocks as well as Hipp's Chronograph.
Biography
The son of Grain Miller at a monastery, Hipp was born 25 October 1813 in Blaubeuren, Württemberg. At the age of eight, they had an accident climbing on one of the many rocks there, and was lame for the rest of their life. At the age of sixteen, they became apprenticed to the clockmaker Johan Eichelhofer in their hometown of Blaubeuren. At the conclusion of their apprenticeship they began their Wanderjahre.
In 1832 after working in Ulm for clockmaker Valentin Stoß, in 1834 they worked in the Swiss town of St. Gallen, afterwards between 1835 and 1837 in the clock factory Savoie in St. Aubin.
In 1840, they moved to Reutlingen in Germany and opened a workshop there in 1841 at the age of 28.
In the same year they married Johanna Plieninger, a teacher's daughter. The couple had four children.
After the suppressed revolution in Baden in the year 1849 their application for director of the clockmaker school in Furtwangen was rejected for political reasons, because they were regarded as a democrat. Consequently, in 1852, Hipp decided to leave Germany. They were appointed by the Swiss government as the director of the national telegraph workshop and technical director of the telegraph administration. Although Hipp's agreement explicitly allowed them to also continue working privately, when their privately derived income far exceeded their salary for public service, there arose conflicts with the Swiss administration and parliament. Hipp responded in 1860 by resigning from the Swiss government service.
The next part of their life career led them from Bern to Neuchâtel, where they took over the directorship of a newly established telegraph factory.
Not until 1889 did Hipp relinquish management and hand over control of the company to the engineers A. Favarger and A. De Peyer. From then until 1908 the factory carried the logo "Peyer & Favarger, Succ. de M. Hipp".
Soon after their retirement they moved to Fluntern to be near their daughter in Zürich. On 3 May 1893, Matthäus Hipp died at the age of eighty in Fluntern. Their wife outlived them by four years. Hipp, who since 1852 lived and worked in Switzerland, but never gave up their nationality, received the honorary name of "the Swiss Edison".
Achievements
Matthäus Hipp in the course of 40 years brought more than 20 inventions to technical maturity. Some of their inventions proved so good that for approximately one hundred years without changes in basic design these inventions could be manufactured and sold. For its time, Hipp's electrical pendulum clock was a technological breakthrough.
1843 description of a pendulum clock driven by a special escapement called "echappement à palette".
1847 Chronoscope
1854 Two-way telegraphy on the same line
1855 Electrical loom
1856 They laid a cable of their own construction from Vierwaldstättersee to Flüelen
1862 Hipp's "Wendescheibe", an automatic visual railway signal
1862 They installed a clock system with an ultra-precise master clock and slave clocks in Geneva
1863 May 27 French patent for an electrical driven pendulum clock with hipp-toggle: "Pendule ou horloge électro-magnétique à appal direct d'électricité"
1866 They developed in collaboration with Frédéric William Dubois an electrical Registrierchronographen with marine chronometer
1867 Electrical clavier
1874 They delivered to Vienna a chronograph for the observation of nerve activity
1881 High precision electrical observatory clock for the Observatoire Cantonal de Neuchâtel
1889 Registering speedometers
Honors
1840 high Württemberg honor „für sein im Uhrenbau neues, sinnreiches Prinzip zur Erzielung eines gleichformigen Pendelgangs“ (for their ingenious principle for the achievement of a homogeneous pendulum escapement, new in the building of clocks)
1873 Ritterkreuz of the Austrian Order of Franz Joseph
1875 Ehrendoktorwürde (Dr. phil. E. h.) from the Universität Zürich.
References
Helmut Kahlert: Lorenz Bob und Matthäus Hipp in „Alte Uhren und moderne Zeitmessung“; Callwey Verlag München; Nr.4 1987 S.22f
G. H. Baillie: Watchmakers & Clockmakers of the World;
R. Weber, L. Favre: Matthäus Hipp : 1813-1893, Bulletin de la Société des Sciences Naturelles de Neuchâtel, Band 24 (1895-1896), S.212f SEALS
External links
Stadt Blaubeuren: Berühmte Köpfe
Die Entwicklungsgeschichte der Elektrischen Uhren: Matthäus Hipp
Tram-Museum Zürich: Der registrierende Geschwindigkeitsmesser System Hipp
watch-wiki: Matthäus Hipp
Video of the Wendescheibe model SchBB, which shows its function
The Electro-Mechanical Piano Matthias Hipps and the Electro-Mechanical Piano on '120 years Of Electronic Music'
1813 births
1893 deaths
People from Alb-Donau-Kreis
People from the Kingdom of Württemberg
19th-century German inventors
German clockmakers
German emigrants to Switzerland
Ezra Booth Taylor (July 9, 1823 – January 29, 1912) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1880 to 1893. They won election to the congressional seat that had been vacated by James Garfield after they were elected president.
Biography
Taylor was born in Nelson Township, Portage County, Ohio and attended the common and select schools and academies. They studied law and was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Portage County in 1845. Taylor was elected prosecuting attorney in 1854 and moved to Warren, Ohio, in 1861.
Civil War
During the American Civil War, they enrolled as a private in Company A, One Hundred and Seventy-first Ohio Infantry, on April 27, 1864. They were mustered into service on May 5, 1864, and was honorably discharged on August 20, 1864.
Congress
Taylor was elected judge of the court of common pleas for the ninth judicial district of Ohio and served from March 1877 to September 1880, when they resigned. Taylor was elected as a Republican to the Forty-sixth Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of James A. Garfield. They were re-elected to the Forty-seventh and the five succeeding Congresses and served from December 13, 1880, to March 3, 1893.
They were an outspoken opponent of the Chinese Exclusion Act in 1882, arguing that Chinese immigrants were being singled out by laborers on the West Coast. They served as chairperson of the Committee on the Judiciary (Fifty-first Congress) but declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1892. After leaving office.
Personal life
They resumed the practice of their profession. They died in Warren, Ohio, on January 29, 1912, and was interred in the Warren mausoleum at Oakwood Cemetery.
In 1849, Taylor was married in Ravenna to Harriet M. Frazier, who died in 1876. They had a daughter and a son. The former, Harriet Taylor Upton was a famous suffragist and author.
References
Retrieved on 2008-10-12
1823 births
1912 deaths
Politicians from Warren, Ohio
Union Army soldiers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Fayte M. Browne (1896-1952) was an American cinematographer who worked in Hollywood—primarily at Columbia Pictures—from the 1930s through the 1950s.
Biography
Fayte was born in Salem, Oregon, to C.F. William Browne and Sarah Belle Snyder. They married Anna Marie Bernegg in Stockton, California, and the pair had three children.
They began working as a camera operator at Columbia in the early 1930s, but it wasn't until the late 1940s that they began getting regular work as a cinematographer. They shot almost 40 films between 1949 and 1952, the year they died in Los Angeles, California.
Aside from their career, Browne enjoyed racing miniature cars.
Selected filmography
The Kid from Broken Gun (1952)
The Rough, Tough West (1952)
Laramie Mountains (1952)
Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land (1952)
The Hawk of Wild River (1952)
Smoky Canyon (1952)
Captain Video: Master of the Stratosphere (1951)
Pecos River (1951)
The Kid from Amarillo (1951)
Mysterious Island (1951)
Roar of the Iron Horse (1951)
Snake River Desperadoes (1951)
Ridin' the Outlaw Trail (1951)
Prairie Roundup (1951)
Lightning Guns (1950)
Frontier Outpost (1950)
Raiders of Tomahawk Creek (1950)
Across the Badlands (1950)
Streets of Ghost Town (1950)
Hoedown (1950)
Texas Dynamo (1950)
Outcasts of Black Mesa (1950)
Trail of the Rustlers (1950)
Renegades of the Sage (1949)
Horsemen of the Sierras (1949)
Feudin' Rhythm (1949)
Bandits of El Dorado (1949)
South of Death Valley (1949)
Cyclone Prairie Rangers (1949)
Arizona (1940)
References
American cinematographers
1896 births
1952 deaths
Artists from Salem, Oregon
The 1986 Brent Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Over Your Dead Body is a 2016 horror novel by Dan Wells published by Tor Books. It is the fifth book of six in Wells's John Cleaver series. Set a year after the conclusion of The Devil's Only Friend, the book continues the story of sociopathic teenage protagonist John Wayne Cleaver and their best friend Brooke as they drift around the Midwestern U.S. in search of a network of supernatural killers called "the Withered." Brooke suffers from dissociative identity disorder after surviving demonic possession, and their alternate personalities are key to discovering the other demons. The majority of critics approved of this fifth addition to the series, and the book won the 2016 AML Award for Best Novel. It is followed by the sixth and final novel in the John Cleaver series, Nothing Left to Lose.
Development
For this fifth installment of John's story, Wells continued the character's second arc of learning how to cope with their emotions after discovering them in the first trilogy. They told Deseret News in 2016 that Over Your Dead Body was their most challenging writing experience yet because of the "aimless" feeling they wanted the story of John and Brooke on the road to have. Wells said that writing a "wandering story without the book itself feeling directionless proved even harder, far harder than [he] had expected it to be." They wanted the novel to "take John in a completely new direction again" after the events of The Devil's Only Friend. They also cited Brooke's character as "especially tricky to get right."
Plot summary
John and Brooke are now on their own: hungry, dirty, and hunting down the "Withered" (demons in human form) using Brooke's memories from when they were possessed. They rely on stashes of supplies and money that Agent Potash, one of John's FBI team members, had stored before their death. Wanted by the FBI, the pair have been hitchhiking to different cities and towns for a year. They find a commune where the demon Yashodh is the leader, and John kills them quickly with a gun. They then move on to their next destination – the small town of Dillon, Oklahoma – and when they arrive, a new personality manifests itself through Brooke: Marci, John's former girlfriend who was killed by the demon Nobody. This proves to be extremely difficult for him; they are able to talk to the dead girl they love, but they are trapped in Brooke's body and often gets replaced by the other personalities. Meanwhile, John struggles with the temptation to kill anyone who gets in their way.
They move on to Dallas, where John notices they are being followed by a black SUV, which they assume is the FBI. A news report then reveals that a gruesome murder just occurred in Dillon, the town John and Brooke just left. They go back and make friends with a teenage boy named Corey (who they suspect is the demon Attina) and two sisters: Brielle and Jessica. The next day, both Jessica and Corey are found dead. John suspects that Attina is reading their mind. Then, Brooke has a suicidal episode, and the police seize them and John; they are sent to a hospital, where FBI Agent Mills shows up. They take them back to Dillon to try to stop Attina, and when they arrive, they find two more people dead. One was the pedophile police officer who was found with Jessica the night of their murder, and Brielle is presented as the primary suspect; John had even heard their vow to kill the predator if they ever did anything to their sister.
John is frustrated with their inability to figure out Attina, and postulates that he's driving the people in the town crazy enough to kill each other. They immediately try to get Brooke to safety, but the demon – in the form of a giant monster – captures them Desperate, John follows their idea that Brielle is Attina. They go to their house, holding their family at gunpoint to get information, but finds Brielle's body in their room, killed the exact way another Dillon citizen proposed. Finally, they realize that their theory was backwards: Attina isn't forcing the townspeople to murder, the townspeople's dark desires are driving Attina to action – and John themselves started it all with their murderous thoughts. They find the demon in a farmhouse outside of the town, mirroring Brooke's inclination to kill herself, and helps Attina start the fire that serves as its suicide. Once it is all over, John takes Brooke back to their hometown of Clayton to be with their parents and get the care they need. They protest and wants to stay with him, asserting that they love him. John loves both them and Marci, tells them so, and leaves the town still unable to forgive themselves for getting both girls involved in their supernatural war in the first place.
Reception
Reviews of Over Your Dead Body were mostly complimentary; the majority of reviewers thought it a worthy addition to Wells's series. A San Francisco Book Review writer approved of the continuation of John's story and called the novel "an intriguingly fabulous mix of serial killer horror, supernatural beings, and dark humor." Alternative Magazine Online's review echoed similar ideas, saying: "Over Your Dead Body is yet another superb installment in the John Wayne Cleaver series that echoes the delightful eeriness of the earlier books while exploring exciting new territory." Publishers Weekly called the novel a "strong fifth entry" that proved to be "much richer than a simple monster vs. monster story." David Pitt for Booklist wrote: "For fans of the series, the book is a superlative must-read, although newcomers should probably start at the beginning. Still, this one's very fine indeed."
Awards and nominations
2016 AML Award for Best Novel
2016 Whitney Award finalist for Speculative Fiction
2016 Goodreads Choice Award nominee for Horror
See also
I Am Not a Serial Killer
I Am Not a Serial Killer (film)
Mr. Monster
I Don't Want to Kill You
References
External links
Author's website
Dan Wells literary manuscripts at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University
Horror novel series
2010s horror novels
2016 American novels
American horror novels
Harold B. Lee Library-related 21st century articles
Operation Pony Express was the covert transportation of, and the provision of aerial support for, indigenous soldiers and material operating across the Laotian and North Vietnamese borders during the Vietnam War. It was provided by Sikorsky CH-3C helicopters of the US 20th Helicopter Squadron, the only USAF combat helicopter squadron in Vietnam, which had been transferred there in 1965 and was known as the "Pony Express".<ref>Global Security's 20th Special Operations Squadron (20th SOS)] retrieved June 6, 2007</ref>
History
The 20th Helicopter Squadron was formed at Eglin AFB, Florida in November 1965 under the command of Lt. Col Lawrence Cummings. Training was provided by the 4401st Helicopter Squadron, under the "PONY EXPRESS" Project. The pilots selected were the most experienced CH-3B/C pilots in the Air Force at the time since the CH-3B/C had been operational with the USAF for a very short period of time.
After a month of training and checkout, the Squadron was deployed to South Vietnam in November 1965. The Squadron initially was stationed at Tan Son Nhut Air Base near Saigon. The CH-3C helicopters, which had been disassembled and flown to Viet Nam in C-133 aircraft, were then assembled and readied for duty. The Squadron was split into three flights; one stayed at Tan Son Nhut under the command of Major Richard Burdett. Another flight was sent to Danang Air Base under the command of Major Herbert Zehnder with six CH-3C aircraft. The third flight was assigned to Cam Ranh Bay.
Mission
The flight at Da Nang performed several missions in the six months they were located there. One of the missions was to support the Forward Air Controller units at the Kham Duc and Khe Sahn Green Beret bases, which involved carrying 500 gallon fuel cells and Conex boxes of supplies on the cargo sling.
The flight performed many general support missions such as retrieving downed Marine H-34 and Huey helicopters from remote sites, slinging fully equipped radio jeeps to hilltop reconnaissance sites; and ferrying wounded soldiers to the hospital at Da Nang or to the Hospital Ship USS Repose which was stationed off the coast of Da Nang. One major mission was to work with the Marines to support Operation Double Eagle by emplacing 105 mm Howitzers at forward firing positions by carrying them on the cargo sling under the aircraft and placing them in position at the forward firing site.
One of the Pony pilots was awarded the Silver Star when they were diverted on the way back from Dong Ha to evacuate wounded soldiers from the A Shau Valley which was under attack by heavy mortar and machine gun fire. They escaped ground fire after takeoff by immediately pulling up into the low-lying clouds.
In late spring of 1966, the flights at Cam Ranh Bay and Da Nang were reassigned to Udorn RTAFB in Thailand under headquarters 14th Command Support Group, Nha Trang, South Vietnam. The designated radio call sign was "Pony Express". There they again performed a number of missions including support of anti-terrorist operations of the Thai Army. During the monsoon season the CH-3C helicopters were used to fly critical supplies and medical personnel to outlying villages which were cut off from road supply by the muddy roads. The Ponies also had the mission of engaging in classified Counterinsurgency flights into Laos and North Vietnam. In 1968 the unit was PCS to Udorn.
Background
The Ho Chi Minh trail, the logistical system that supplied the manpower and material for the National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam and the People's Army of Vietnam, ran not only through the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and the Republic of Vietnam, but also through the neighbouring countries of Laos and Cambodia. Via the Military Assistance Command, Vietnam Studies and Observations Group, the US military aimed to work outside of Vietnam and General Westmoreland's jurisdiction:
to execute an intensified program of harassment, diversion, political pressure, capture of prisoners, physical destruction, acquisition of intelligence, generation
of propaganda, and diversion of resources, against the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.
On 21 September 1965 the JCS authorized MACV-SOG to begin cross-border operations within Laos in areas contiguous to the South Vietnam's western border.
Typically the 20th SOS carried unconventional forces across the border for secret missions into North Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia, such as the special operations group inserted by CH-3C/E helicopter across the Vietnamese border on June 30, 1968. Most of these SOG recon teams were made up of personnel indigenous to the population, reducing American combat casualties.
Operations
The 20th Helicopter Squadron "Pony Express" was one of the most extraordinary and outstanding combat units in Southeast Asia. The Pony Express' primary highly classified mission was counterinsurgency. They flew their unarmed helicopters from Thailand to various friendly airstrips in Laos where they could refuel and await to launch their missions. They would fly indigenous troops into unprepared sites in Laos and North Vietnam to gather intelligence on troop/truck movements, etc. This information would in turn be forwarded to the appropriate Military agencies to select targets for air strike missions.
The unit aircraft were basic CH-3C Sikorsky helicopters models. No armor was deemed necessary at this time since the mission was to be clandestine and the power/weight ratio was considered more important. Even then, with the equipped engines, power was sometimes very marginal. In early 1968, the engines were upgraded from the 1300 hp model to the 1500 hp models which was a vast improvement in the high temperature/humidity environment. With the upgrading of the engines, armor was installed on the engine cowling doors, the transmission doors, and around the tail rotor gearbox. Designation was changed from CH-3C to CH-3E.
Due to the classified nature of their mission, the 20th CH-3's did not display any U.S. markings or insignia. They were equipped with slotted hangers to insert the USAF insignia when flying "in country". The pilots had no insignia on their flight suits. The helicopters were painted the standard camouflage pattern, except one. CH-3C #63-09676 was painted flat black to determine the color feasibility for our mission. It soon was given the nickname of "Black Mariah". (It was the only black H-3 to serve in SEA and is now on display at the USAF Museum at Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.)
The infil/exfil site would be selected and studied. Previous to the flight an airborne "recon" of the site would be made, often using CAS Beech Baron or Air America Pilatus Porter aircraft. Since the Air America aircraft were constantly flying over the country, they would hardly be noticed.
The mission tactics would usually include two helicopters. One would be the "high bird" and would orbit at a discreet distance to distract the enemy and to act as a rescue aircraft if needed. The "low bird" would fly in at low altitude to the selected site to offload the troops. This was usually accomplished at dusk to give the ground troops a chance to disperse if enemy forces were encountered. If any enemy ground fire was encountered on the "infil" approach, the mission would be aborted and the troops not put at undue risk.
As previously stated, the helicopters were not equipped with armor. The crew would wear the "flak vest" and place another flack vest under the pilot seats to provide personal protection. Their only weapons were the crewmember's personal weapons, an M-16 rifle and a .38 caliber revolver. The infil portion of the mission required secrecy and not a firefight. The "exfil" though might be another matter. Sometimes the ground troops would encounter enemy forces and would require extraction while under enemy fire. The "Ponies" depended on "top cover" usually supplied by A-1 Skyraider attack aircraft, call sign depended on where they were stationed and could be "Sandy", Hobo" or "Firefly", to provide close air support with their guns and bombs, if needed. In the early days at Udorn, the Ponies were sometimes accompanied by World War II twin engine B-26 Invader aircraft callsign "Nimrod".
The Pony Express other mission was in support of TACAN navigational sites in Laos. These sites were important in guiding fighter and bomber aircraft on strike missions into North Vietnam. The helicopters would deliver personnel and needed supplies, such as power generators and diesel fuel, to the remotely located sites. One of the most important of these sites was at Lima Site 85 on top of a 5800' karst mountain, 19 km south of the Laotian/North Vietnam border and 125 miles southwest of Hanoi. LS85 also was supplied with super secret equipment used to direct strike missions around Hanoi.
In the spring of 1968, some pilots and CH-3s of the 20th HES were transferred to Nakhon Phanom RTAFB (NKP) to form the 21st Helicopter Squadron.
In July 1968, four UH-1F's and 10 pilots from the 20th Helicopter Squadron, "E" Flight, "Green Hornets," arrived from Nha Trang. The "new" Pony Express Hueys flew virtually all the same missions as the H-3's. There were a few of the H-3 missions in Northern Laos that the Hueys were not involved in due to the extreme distance and limited range of the UH-1. On occasion, the Huey would carry a 55-gallon barrel of fuel in the cabin. If the Huey required the extra fuel, the crewchief would hook up their safety strap, step out onto the chopper's skid and hold the refueling hose as the other crewman pumped the fuel into the Huey's fuel tank. This was done at cruising altitude.
In August 1968 the 20th Helicopter Squadron was redesignated the 20th Special Operations Squadron (SOS). The Pony Express continued to fly many missions in support of DOSA (Director of Operations for Special Activities) through 1968 and into 1969. The Ponies flew 75% of their flying time as combat time and over 75% of their time flying their primary DOSA missions. The Pony Express always had two large and important missions, TACAN support and DOSA missions fragged by 7/13th AF in support of the secret war in Laos. The Ponies did not have sufficient helicopters and pilots to accomplish every mission adequately. Some of their large missions required the use of up to 20 CH-3E helicopters and they only had nine CH-3's and four UH-1's assigned. On many occasions the Pony Express called upon the 21st SOS at NKP to help with these large missions. Many times they were assisted by helicopters from Air America.
As early as June 1968, higher Headquarters began talk of merging the 20th and 21st began which would allow them to work more closely together and utilize the 21st flying time more for combat missions. The Pony Express would remain at Udorn as a Forward Operating Location (FOL) with basically the same people, aircraft and mission. Little did anyone know of the problems to follow. Apparently the ego and petty jealousy of the Wing Commander at NKP who insisted that all assets be transferred to NKP created a severe demoralizing effect on all concerned. The Ponies crew still accomplished their mission in an excellent manner despite the difficulties.
On 5 Sep 1969, the 20th SOS CH-3E aircraft and personnel at Udorn were reassigned to the 21st SOS at NKP. The FOL at Udorn lost three helicopters to NKP and many pilot spaces which amounted to one third of its capability, yet the FOL still flew 63% of the DOSA missions and 60% of the TACAN and an amazing 53.8% of the overall mission of the entire newly formed 21st SOS headquartered at NKP with the FOL stationed at Udorn RTAFB, Thailand.
When the 20th SOS CH-3E's were transferred to the 21st SOS, without ceremony or fanfare, the "Pony Express" part of the 20th Special Operations Squadron ceased to exist.
Notes
References
Printed sources:
Dorr, Robert F. Air War Hanoi, 1988
Dunstan, Simon Vietnam Choppers: helicopters in battle 1950-75, 2003
Rosenau, William Special Operations Forces and Elusive Enemy Ground Targets, 2001
Websites:
USAFHPA (http://www.usafhpa.org/20poniesnew/20ponies.html) Text written by Major Kyron V. Hall, Historian, USAF Helicopter Pilot Association founded 1987. Most pictures taken by said Historian in Southeast Asia as pilot in 20th Helicopter Squadron/Special Operation Squadron in 1967-68. Other pictures and information donated by other squadron pilots. Website established in 2005. Much of the information shown in this article taken from USAFHPA website.
Global Security's 20th Special Operations Squadron (20th SOS) retrieved June 6, 2007
Kirkpatrick, Matthew D. Special Operations Squadron: Pony Express'' from [http://www.airwarvietnam.com/20sospe.htm Air War Vietnam retrieved June 6, 2007
External links
Conflicts in 1965
Pony Express
1965 in Vietnam
Pony Express
Haole (; Hawaiian ) is a Hawaiian word for individuals who are not Native Hawaiian, though it was originally most commonly applied to people of European ancestry.
Background
The origins of the word predate the 1778 arrival of Captain James Cook, as recorded in several chants stemming from antiquity. The term was generally given to people of European descent however, as more distinct terms began to be applied to individual European cultures and other non-European nations, the word haole began to refer mostly to Americans, including American Blacks who were referred to as haole ʻele ʻele, meaning; "black haole". Its connotations range from positive, neutral and descriptive to invective, depending on the context in which it is used. Of the Polynesian race, Robert Louis Stevenson said; "God's best-at the least God's sweetest works..." and then wrote of the; "beastly haoles". In correspondence to a friend, they stated, "What is a haole? You are one; and so, I am sorry to so say am I".
Etymology
A newspaper challenge in 1929 offered one hundred dollars to anyone that could satisfactorily explain what the word meant to Dr. Theodore Richards. James K. Keola stated that they believed the term only referred to white foreigners, giving as their own references such figures as Stephen Desha and Joseph M. Poepoe. Mr. Keola also believed the origins of the word came from the name Howell, part of Vancouver's team however, today the name would be pronounced ha-wela. John M. Bright also stated that the term meant white and was in use as early as 1736. They also define the term to mean, "without husk or waif". W.O Smith stated that, in their youth, they were told the term came from a fish called ahole. Lorrin Andrews, writes in their dictionary that the term only refers to white foreigners and that for Blacks the term haole eleele was used.
"Without breath"
A popular fable is that the word means "without breath". This meaning was attributed to Native Hawaiian Professor, Frederick William Kahapula Beckley Jr. by Charles W. Kenn in their 1944 article in the publication; "Paradise of the Pacific". According to that author, Beckley states; "The white people came to be known as ha-ole (without breath) because after they said their prayers, they did not breathe three times as was customary in ancient Hawaii."
Kenn wrote, "In the primary and esoteric meaning, haole indicates a race that has no relation to one's own; an outsider, one who does not conform to the mores of the group; one that is void of the life element because of inattention to natural laws which make for the goodness in man."
Albert J. Schütz, former professor of linguistics at the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, believes that there is no documentation the ha-ole etymology is accurate and, based on that states; "Thus, as far as we know, the word haole cannot be separated into shorter words".
Kahiki
According to Juri Mykkanen of the Helsinki Institute of Urban and Regional Studies in their book; "Inventing Politics: A New Political Anthropology of the Hawaiian Kingdom", Hawaiians, in trying to understand and make sense of changing alii, projected an entire cosmology onto everything they did and then passed down this narration to descendants. Under this belief, the origins of the term come from Kahiki the ancestral lands of Hawaiians, stemming from the mele chant; "Kūkanaloa". In this chant a demi-god/hero from Kahiki is described as haole and is referenced to Samuel Kamakau's book; "Ruling Chiefs of Hawaii (1991), pages 114-115. As a symbol of origin, Kahiki had great significance to Hawaiians who saw themselves as descendants of a divine haole.
Use of the word
Among Hawaiian residents who have descended from various ethnic groups who worked on the plantations (often known as "locals"), "haole" is a term used to describe people of European ancestry. The term itself can be merely descriptive, but some argue that it can be used in a way that is pejorative or discriminatory. Haole is only one of several words commonly used in Hawaii to describe various ethnicities. Technically, haole means someone who is foreign, as opposed to someone who is local. Haole has come to be a term for those of European ancestry. Also, it is associated with peoples who exhibit traditions, accents, and habits of the continental United States, as opposed to those which are prevalent in the Hawaiian islands. For example, if someone goes to the continental US and returns speaking with an accent typical of that area, people might say they are "haole-fied." Certain foods typical of the continental US could be called "haole food," and if someone does something in a way that is not typical of what is done in Hawaii, that could be called "haole style."
Some from other ethnic groups have used the word "haole" as an insult or as part of a racial pejorative in incidents of harassment and physical assault towards white people in Hawaii. Hawaiian nationalists and language advocates, including Haunani-Kay Trask, have argued that the word cannot be understood apart from the history of racial oppression in Hawaii, with Trask saying, "It's not pejorative — it's descriptive.”
See also
Europeans in Oceania
Greeks in Hawaii
Kamaʻāina
List of ethnic slurs
Palagi, a term in Samoan sometimes used to describe foreigners
Portuguese immigration to Hawaii
Pākehā, the equivalent term in the Māori language primarily for European New Zealanders
Spanish immigration to Hawaii
References
Further reading
Elvi Whittaker (1986). The Mainland Haole: The White Experience in Hawaii. New York: Columbia University Press.
Pejorative terms for in-group non-members
Hawaiian words and phrases
White Oceanian
The San Luis Obispo Handicap is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. The race is open to horse age four and up, willing to race one and one-half miles on the turf. A Grade II event, it offers a purse of $150,000.
Inaugurated as the Washington's Birthday Handicap in 1950, it was run on dirt until 1954 when it became a turf race. For 1973, 1980 and 2005, the race was transferred to the dirt track. There was no race from 1963 through 1967 but returned in 1968 as the San Luis Obispo Handicap, named for the city of San Luis Obispo further up the Central Coast of California from Santa Anita Park.
It was started on the turf course's backstretch, instead of the hillside, in 1990, 1992 and 1993. Since inception it has been contested at various distances:
7 furlongs : 1950, 1952–53
miles (10 furlongs) : 1951, 1954, 1970
About miles (about 12 furlongs) : 1968, 1972 and 1993
miles (12 furlongs) : 1955–1969, 1971, 1973–1992, 1994–present
The San Luis Obispo Handicap was run in two divisions in 1968, 1972, and 1974.
Records
Speed record: (at current distance of miles)
2:23.80 – Captain Cee Jay (1974)
Most wins:
2 – St. Vincent (1955, 1957)
2 – Great Communicator (1988, 1989)
2 – Spring House (2008, 2009)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Johnny Longden and/or Alberta Ranches (1955, 1957, 1982)
Most wins by a jockey:
9 – Bill Shoemaker (1952, 1956, 1962, 1972 (2), 1977, 1980, 1983, 1987)
Most wins by a trainer:
8 – Charles Whittingham (1968, 1971, 1972 (2), 1977, 1983, 1987, 1990)
Winners
External links
The 2009 San Luis Obispo Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-olds
Open middle distance horse races
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1950
1950 establishments in California
Crustose lichens are lichens that form a crust which strongly adheres to the substrate (soil, rock, tree bark, etc.), making separation from the substrate impossible without destruction. The basic structure of crustose lichens consists of a cortex layer, an algal layer, and a medulla. The upper cortex layer is differentiated and is usually pigmented. The algal layer lies beneath the cortex. The medulla fastens the lichen to the substrate and is made up of fungal hyphae. The surface of crustose lichens is characterized by branching cracks that periodically close in response to climatic variations such as alternate wetting and drying regimes.
Subtypes
Powdery – considered as the simplest subtype due to the absence of an organized thallus.
The thallus appears powdery.
E.g. Genera Lepraria, Vezdaea
Endolithic – grows inside the rock, usually in interstitial spaces between mineral grains. The
upper cortex is usually developed.
E.g. Genus Lecidea
Epilithic – grows on top of the rock without penetrating the rock substrate.
E.g. Acarospora fuscata
Epiphloeodal – grows only on the surface of plants.
E.g. Lecania naegelii
Endophloeodic – grows underneath the cuticle of leaves or stems.
E.g. Amandinea punctata
Squamulose – has a scale-like appearance resulting from partial separation from substrate.
It is an intermediate form between crustose and foliose.
E.g. Genus Psora, Catapyrenium, Coriscium
Peltate – similar to squamulose, but thallus remains attached near the central area.
E.g. Peltula euploca
Bullate – has an extremely inflated appearance.
E.g. Genus Mobergia
Effigurate - has radially arranged marginal lobes that are prolonged.
E.g. Genera Acarospora, Pleopsidium
Lobate – characterized by a thallus that radially arranged with lobes that are partially raised.
E.g. Genera Caloplaca, Lecanora
Suffruticose – clusters of coralloid cushions.
E.g. Peltula clavata
Structure
Crustose lichen forms a thin crust adhering closely to the substratum. In some cases, this crust may be thick and lumpy, and may be detached, in part, or submerged below its surface. The thallus of a crustose lichen is usually only discernible because of the discolouration of the substrate. Some crustose lichens have thalli consisting of scattered or loosely grouped granules. Crustose lichens differ from the leprose lichen by having an upper cortex and algal cells that are located directly beneath the cortex. The thallus of a crustose lichen has a patchwork or crazy-paving appearance. The patches, or areolae, can be as large as 1 cm in diameter or very small and raised, giving them the appearance of a wart. The surface of the thallus is generally smooth, however it is sometimes broken up by “rimose” cracks. These cracks are a by-product of thallus surface shrinkage, which is caused by alternate wetting and drying. An underlayer of fungal hyphae, the hypothallus, is present on some species of crustose lichens. A dark rim on the areolae may form in areas where the hypothallus is exposed. This may also be present on the thallus itself. These fungal hyphae are usually what attach the thallus firmly to the substrate.
Growth
In general, lichens do not grow very quickly. Annual growth rates vary among different growth forms. Crustose lichens have the lowest rates of growth. The diameter and area of the thallus exponentially increase, provided that organic substances are distributed uniformly in all parts of the lichens. However, as the thallus increases in size, the circumference also increases, which corresponds to a larger increase in volume. As a result, movement and uniform distribution of organic substances become more difficult. The growth of crustose lichens is dependent on several factors, including moisture levels, sunlight, and temperature. High rates of precipitation and high moisture levels promote the growth of crustose lichens. Crustose lichens are more prevalent in areas with higher precipitation. A similar trend is observed when aridity is taken into account. Crustose lichens prefer sites of lower aridity. The amount of sunlight that lichens receive determines the rate at which photosynthesis occurs. Moreover, surface area also influences photosynthetic rates. In high sunlight conditions, foliose lichens with broad lobes are prevalent. In comparison, crustose lichens have less surface area than foliose lichens and will tend to have slower photosynthetic rates. Generally, higher levels of sunlight promote growth of the crustose lichens. Extreme temperatures are unfavorable for the growth of crustose lichens. Temperatures below 0 °C can result in cessation of growth and thalli freezing. Annual growth rates for the Rhizocarpon subgenus show a correlation with annual and winter mean temperatures, but not with mean summer temperatures. Unfortunately, little faith can be put in these correlations because they use unvalidated measures of unknown accuracy and precision and measurement of growth was done along a single diameter. Since thallus growth along any radius might not match growth along any other radius it is unclear if these correlations are meaningful. Various publications can be consulted to see that there is tremendous within thallus variation in lateral growth (e.g., The scientific basis of lichenometric dating and the reliability of lichen growth rate measurements in general have recently been questioned and critically reviewed in a paper by Osborn et al. (2015) Those valid criticisms of lichenometric dating have yet to be answered.
Photosynthesis
Photosynthetic rates vary among lichen growth forms due to differences and variations in thalli thicknesses. Irregular thicknesses in crustose lichens result in greater variation in photosynthetic rates relative to more uniformly thick forms such as foliose lichens.
Distribution and habitat
Crustose lichens can be found in a wide range of areas. They can be found, among others, together with epiphytic algae and liverworts, living on the surfaces of leaves of tropical evergreen trees and shrubs. They also thrive in carbonate-rich karst areas. In southern China, it has been estimated that 5-30% of rock outcrops in bare karst areas and 30-70% in forest karst areas are covered with crustose lichens. Crustose lichens also flourish in extreme environments. Various species of crustose lichens, including Biatora granulosa and Lecidea uliginosa, were found covering recently-burned surfaces caused by a subarctic forest fire in an area near the Great Slave Lake. Crustose lichens also grow in areas of high elevations, such as the western Himalayan region. Concentrations of terricolous crustose lichens were highest in areas of higher elevation, relative to other foliose and fruticose lichens. In areas of high pollution, the majority of lichens are killed and are the first plants to disappear in cities due to their high sensitivity to atmospheric pollutants. Nonetheless, surrounding the central area of cities in which most plants cannot thrive, crustose lichens Physcia or Xanthoria have been found growing, although they do fall short of natural development and size. The crustose lichen Lecanora conizaeoides is another highly resilient species, and remarkably seems to only grow in industrial areas of the United Kingdom.
Ecological, economic, environmental, and geological significance
Approximately 200 different compounds, which have not been found in any other symbiotic species, have been extracted from lichens in the past 50 years. Lichenin is one of the more important compounds which can be extracted from lichens. Lichenin is composed of multiple similar carbohydrates, and is the reserve cellulose of lichens. Lichenin is identical chemically to amylose from starch grains, although it differs physically. The properties of lichenin support the use of lichens as raw materials in pastries, confectionaries, food, and the production of alcohol. Lichen is also used as food for certain invertebrates such as mites, caterpillars, earwigs, black termites, and slugs and snails. The snails Chondria avenacea and Pyramidula rupestris feed on crustose forms such as Verrucaria and Protoblastenia.
Saxicolous crustose lichens play an important role in the weathering of rocks. Repeated contraction and expansion of thalli occurs in response to alternate periods of wetting and drying, resulting in the breakdown of rock fragments and removal of mineral grains from the rock surfaces. Crustose lichens also chemically weather rocks through hydrolysis. In a study conducted by Kitagawa and Watanabe (2004), the crustose genus Porpidia altered minerals, specifically biotite in granite. Furthermore, vermiculite-like minerals were formed as a result of biotite alteration through hydrolysis. Crustose lichens living in karst areas have substantial influence on carbon dioxide flux at the boundary between the lithosphere and atmosphere because they increase the rates of corrosion of carbonate rocks in these areas. Some species of crustose lichens exhibit antibiotic properties. Lepraria chlorina contains substantial amounts of vulpinic acid, which is a chemical that has anti-inflammatory properties. Crustose lichens may also be used for dating rock surfaces, through a technique called lichenometry. As soon as a rock is exposed to the Earth's atmosphere, spores of various organisms are driven into the crevices on the surface. The majority of these spores die under the extreme conditions of a rock surface, an area where water evaporates rapidly and daily fluxes in temperatures are quite large. The spores of some crustose lichens, however, can develop on these surfaces. Eventually the crustose spores form small and round thalli and increase in diameter yearly. When lichens are used for dating a rock surface, only the diameters of the largest thalli of one species are measured, as there is an assumption that only they began development when the surface was initially exposed. The age of exposure of a rock surface is then extrapolated from records.
References
Lichenology
Raimundo Nina Rodrigues (December 4, 1862 - July 17, 1906) was a Brazilian coroner, psychiatrist, professor, writer, anthropologist and ethnologist. A notable eugenicist, they were also a dietologist, tropicalist, sexologist, hygienist, biographer and epidemiologist.
Nina Rodrigues is considered the founder of Brazilian criminal anthropology and a pioneer in studies on black culture in the country. A nationalist, they were the first Brazilian scholar to address the theme of black people as a relevant social issue for understanding the racial formation of the Brazilian population, despite adopting a racist, deterministic perspective, in their book Os Africanos no Brasil (1890-1905).
Selected works
Regime alimentar no Norte do Brasil (1881)
A Morféia em Andajatuba (1886)
Das amiotrofias de origem periférica (Doctorate thesis, 1888)
As raças humanas e a responsabilidade penal no Brasil (1894)
O animismo fetichista dos negros baianos (1900)
O alienado no Direito Civil Brasileiro (1901)
Manual de autópsia médico-legal (1901)
Os Africanos no Brasil (1932)
As Coletividades anormais (1939)
References
Brazilian sociologists
Brazilian psychiatrists
1906 deaths
Brazilian eugenicists
Brazilian criminologists
Brazilian anthropologists
1862 births
Dora Corty-Mönkemeyer (27 April 1890 – 17 February 1970) was a German painter. Them work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1890 births
1970 deaths
People from Dresden
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German women painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
20th-century German painters
20th-century German women
Melissa Jean Metcalf (born February 22, 1996 in Mesa, Arizona) is an American collegiate gymnast. During their club career, they trained at Desert Devils Gymnastics in Mesa, Arizona. They currently compete for the UCLA Bruins gymnastics team.
Personal life
Metcalf was born on February 22, 1996, in Mesa, Arizona, to Mern and Laurie Metcalf. They have an older sister, Sheridan, who is a gymnast at the University of Washington.
In 2014, they graduated from Saguaro High School and started attending the University of California, Los Angeles.
Competitive history
Club career (2007-14)
Melissa began competing at Level 10 in 2007, at the age of 11. They finished 4th at the 2007 Junior Olympic Nationals. In 2008, Metcalf tested for elite and qualified to the Visa National Championships. They finished 21st overall.
In 2009, they battled injuries but placed 1st and 3rd on bars and beam, respectively, at the 2009 Arizona States. They missed much of the 2010 season because of more injuries but managed to attend the Malibu Challenge as an elite gymnast.
For the 2011 season, Metcalf competed only on bars and beam and advance to the state championships on both events. They competed bars only during the 2012 season, attending three invitationals.
Metcalf bounced back from injuries to compete on all four events during the 2013 season. They won the all-around at both States and Regionals.
At the 2013 J.O. Nationals, they finished 5th all-around. In 2014, they won the all-around at States and placed 13th at Regionals, but did not advance to J.O. Nationals.
College career (2014-18)
Metcalf started their collegiate career on the UCLA Bruins gymnastics team in Los Angeles, California. Them college debut came in 2015.
Prior to the 2016-17 season, Metcalf declared for a medical retirement from NCAA gymnastics. They remain a student at UCLA and remains affiliated with the gymnastics program as a team manager.
External links
Official website
Gymdivas.us profile
References
1996 births
American female artistic gymnasts
Sportspeople from Mesa, Arizona
Living people
Letgo (stylized letgo) was a company that provided a website and app that allows users to buy from, sell to and chat with others locally. The products launched in 2015.
History
Launched in January 2015 by Alec Oxenford, former CEO of OLX, the app initially targeted the U.S. market, competing against eBay and Craigslist, the online marketplace leaders since the 1990s.
In May 2016, the company merged with Wallapop, another mobile classifieds startup. Letgo remained the majority owner of the company and the brand remained Letgo. At the time, there were about 10 million monthly active users between the two apps, according to SurveyMonkey data published by TechCrunch.
From its launch, the company did not charge for its services, earning no revenue, as part of its strategy to grow quickly. As of June 2018, the listing service remained free, but the app added a paid beta feature allowing users to place their sales item above organic search results.
Three quarters of the first round investment of $100 million was slated for marketing. The ad agency Crispin Porter + Bogusky Miami created a television ad campaign for the app, directed by filmmaker Craig Gillespie. Each advertisement is premised on an extreme situation, such as a person dangling over a cliff who might plunge down because he's holding on to a bowling ball, where the sensible thing to do is to let go of the item. CP+B Miami also created a series of four ads allowing customers to incorporate images and descriptions of their items for sale directly into a satirical video ad, such as one featuring action film star Dolph Lundgren as a mercenary.
The app launched in Canada in October 2016 and in Norway in November 2016.
In September 2019, Naspers spun off its investments in Letgo into a separate company, Prosus.
In March 2020, competitor OfferUp announced they would be acquiring Letgo.
As of September 21, 2020, Letgo has officially become a part of OfferUp.
Growth
By September 2015, the company said its app had two million downloads and half a million product listings. Comscore said it was the second-fastest growing app in the U.S., in 2017. As of January 2018, the app had about 75 million downloads, compared to 30 million in August 2016. It had 200 million listings for secondhand goods and about three billion messages were exchanged between users. The company said it had monthly repeated visitors in the "tens of millions". In August 2018, the company reported the app had more than 100 million downloads and 400 million. Listings were up about 65% during the first eight months of 2018.
Funding
The company raised US$100 million in 2015, one of the five largest first rounds of venture capital financing since 2008. Following a merger in May 2016 with Wallapop, a competitor with a reported valuation of about $570 million, the company raised an additional $100 million. As of September 2017 the company valuation was more than $1 billion. By that time, it had raised $375 million in total capital. In August 2018, it raised $500 million from Naspers.
Corporate affairs
Leadership
Letgo is managed by CEO and Co-founder Enrique Linares Plaza. Other key executives are:
Alec Oxenford, Co-founder
Jordi Castello, Co-founder
Josh Crossick, Chief Product Officer
Rahim Lakhani, Chief Financial Officer
Pedro Mestriner, Head of Strategic Partnerships and Market Development
Product
The app and website facilitates buying and selling used goods. The marketplace, optimized primarily for smartphones, features large photos of products for sale. No log-in is required. Goods are displayed based on the geolocation closest to the buyer. The app is integrated with instant chat functionality.
In 2018, the company added video listings and image recognition that includes pricing suggestions. A housing section was also added.
See also
Tech companies in the New York metropolitan area
References
Retail companies established in 2015
Internet properties established in 2015
2015 establishments in New York City
Android (operating system) software
Online marketplaces of the United States
IOS software
Software companies based in New York City
Software companies of the United States
2015 establishments in the United States
Software companies established in 2015
American companies established in 2015
The 2015–16 season is Eibar's 2nd season in La Liga and 75th season in professional football. Eibar was reinstated to the first division even though they finished 18th and subsequently relegated during the 2014–15 season, due to Elche's administrative relegation by the Liga de Fútbol Profesional (LFP).
Season
Thanks to their 2014 promotion and subsequent stay in La Liga, the club was able to expand the sitting of their stadium with the approval of the Eibar City Council. The addition of approximately 1,200 seats to the new North End raised the capacity to 6,267 of the stadium. For the new season, Eibar changed kits supplier from Hummel to Puma along with a new shirt sponsorship deal with Swiss oil company AVIA International.
On 18 July 2015, Eibar played its 75th Anniversary game against Scottish club Celtic in Ipurua (1–4). This included an inaugural ceremony on the pitch with a parade of 19th century clothed basque soldiers with a Saltire and bagpipes playing Scotland the Brave, with officials from both clubs shooting a 350 kg 19th century cannon. Eibar stated that they invited Celtic as their opponent for the game due to the strong connection between the Basque Country and Scotland, and also due to the Scottish presence in Eibar through the years (the main supporter group is named "Eskozia la Brava", meaning "Scotland the Brave").
After their opening weekend victory over Granada at Los Carmenes, Eibar lead La Liga's league table for the first time in their 75 years history. On 26 August, Eibar made official the transfer of Japanese international Takashi Inui from Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt. The reported fee of 0.3 million euros is the most expensive transfer in Eibar's history. In response to the 2015 European migrant crisis, Eibar released a statement appealing to different government agencies, including the European Union, Government of Spain and Basque Government to find humanitarian solutions to this crisis. Eibar also pledged to donate 5 euros to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) for every ticket sold to their home match against Atlético Madrid.
Squad
Team statistics
{|cellpadding="4" cellspacing="0" border="1" style="text-align: center; font-size: 85%; border: gray solid 1px; border-collapse: collapse; "
|- style="background:#8B0000; color:white;"
! rowspan="2"| Number
! rowspan="2"| Position
! rowspan="2"| Name
! rowspan="2"| Age
! rowspan="2"| Since
! colspan="5"| La Liga
! colspan="5"| Copa del Rey
! rowspan="2"| Signed from
! rowspan="2"| Notes
|- style="background:#8B0000; color:white;"
! Apps
! Mins
!
!
!
! Apps
! Mins
!
!
!
|-
! colspan="17" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Goalkeepers
|-
|1
|GK
|align="left"| Xabi Irureta
|
|2009
|4
|360
|0
|0
|0
|4
|540
|0
|2
|0
|align="left"|Real Unión
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|13
|GK
|align="left"| Asier Riesgo
|
|2015
|34
|3060
|0
|1
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Osasuna
|
|-
|25
|GK
|align="left"| Jaime Jimenez
|
|2014
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Real Valladolid
|
|-
! colspan="17" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Defenders
|-
|2
|CB
|align="left"| Ion Ansotegi
|
|2016
|8
|542
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Real Sociedad
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|3
|CB
|align="left"| Aleksandar Pantić
|
|2015
|20
|1677
|0
|6
|0
|3
|206
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Villarreal (on loan)
|
|-
|4
|CB
|align="left"| Iván Ramis
|
|2015
|23
|1794
|0
|8
|1
|2
|154
|0
|1
|0
|align="left"|Levante
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|15
|CB
|align="left"| Mauro dos Santos
|
|2015
|31
|2682
|0
|7
|0
|2
|180
|0
|1
|0
|align="left"|Almería
|
|-
|16
|FB
|align="left"| Lillo
|
|2013
|10
|549
|0
|5
|1
|3
|170
|0
|1
|0
|align="left"|Alcoyano
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|17
|LB
|align="left"| David Juncà
|
|2015
|31
|2335
|0
|8
|0
|2
|163
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Girona
|
|-
|19
|LB
|align="left"| Antonio Luna
|
|2015
|15
|1001
|0
|2
|0
|3
|197
|0
|2
|0
|align="left"| Aston Villa
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|23
|CB
|align="left"| Borja Ekiza
|
|2014
|4
|188
|0
|1
|0
|3
|270
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Athletic Bilbao
|
|-
|33
|CB
|align="left"| Imanol Corral
|
|2016
|1
|1
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Youth system
|
|-
! colspan="17" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Midfielders
|-
|5
|MF
|align="left"| Gonzalo Escalante
|
|2015
|34
|2829
|3
|15
|0
|2
|160
|0
|0
|1
|align="left"| Catania
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|6
|DM
|align="left"| Josip Radošević
|
|2016
|8
|405
|0
|2
|1
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"| Napoli (on loan)
|
|-
|7
|MF
|align="left"| Ander Capa (vice-captain)
|
|2012
|36
|3122
|2
|12
|0
|1
|90
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Youth system
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|8
|AM
|align="left"| Takashi Inui
|
|2015
|27
|1627
|3
|1
|0
|2
|135
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"| Eintracht Frankfurt
|
|-
|11
|MF
|align="left"| Izet Hajrović
|
|2015
|7
|174
|0
|0
|0
|2
|172
|1
|0
|1
|align="left"| Werder Bremen (on loan)
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|14
|MF
|align="left"| Dani García (captain)
|
|2014
|35
|3056
|0
|15
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Real Sociedad
|
|-
|20
|MF
|align="left"| Keko Gontán
|
|2015
|29
|2315
|3
|5
|1
|3
|145
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Albacete
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|22
|AM
|align="left"| Jota
|
|2016
|13
|689
|0
|1
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"| Brentford (on loan)
|
|-
|24
|MF
|align="left"| Adrián González
|
|2015
|32
|2230
|5
|6
|0
|4
|305
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Elche
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|28
|MF
|align="left"| Iñigo Barrenetxea
|
|2015
|1
|2
|0
|0
|0
|2
|135
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Youth system
|
|-
|29
|MF
|align="left"| Asier Etxaburu
|
|2015
|0
|0
|0
|0
|0
|1
|46
|0
|0
|0
|align="left"|Youth system
|
|-
! colspan="17" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Forwards
|-
|9
|FW
|align="left"| Sergi Enrich
|
|2015
|38
|2420
|9
|4
|0
|3
|162
|2
|0
|0
|align="left"|Numancia
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|18
|FW
|align="left"| Borja Bastón
|
|2015
|36
|2577
|18
|3
|0
|3
|180
|1
|1
|0
|align="left"|Atlético Madrid (on loan)
|
|-
|21
|FW
|align="left"| Saúl Berjón
|
|2014
|29
|1400
|4
|1
|0
|2
|180
|1
|0
|0
|align="left"|Real Murcia
|
|-
! colspan="17" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center;"| Departed during season
|-
|–
|CF
|align="left"| Mikel Arruabarrena
|
|2009
|6
|56
|1
|0
|0
|2
|180
|1
|0
|0
|align="left"| Legia Warsaw
|
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|–
|AM
|align="left"| Eddy Israfilov
|
|2015
|6
|207
|0
|2
|0
|3
|170
|0
|1
|0
|align="left"|Real Murcia (on loan)
|
|-
|–
|FW
|align="left"| Simone Verdi
|
|2015
|9
|290
|0
|2
|0
|4
|315
|1
|0
|0
|align="left"| Milan (on loan)
|
From youth squad
Technical staff
{|cellpadding="4" cellspacing="0" border="1" style="text-align: center; font-size: 85%; border: gray solid 1px; border-collapse: collapse;"
|-
! style="background:#8B0000; color:white; text-align:center;"| Position
! style="background:#8B0000; color:white; text-align:center;"| Name
|-
|align="left"|First team head coach || align="left"|José Luis Mendilibar
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|align="left"|Assistant coach || align="left"|Iñaki Bea
|-
|style="text-align: left;" rowspan="2"|Fitness coach || align="left"|Toni Ruiz
|-
|align="left"|Alain Gandiaga
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|align="left"|Goalkeeping coach || align="left"|Josu Anuzita
|-
|style="text-align: left;" rowspan="2"|Physiotherapist || align="left"|Manu Sánchez
|-
|align="left"|Unai Ormazabal
|- bgcolor="#EFEFEF"
|align="left"|Doctor || align="left"|Ostaiska Egia
|-
|align="left"|Team liaison || align="left"|German Andueza
Transfers
Out
In
Competitions
Overall
Record
Friendlies
Kickoff times are in CET.
Primera División
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
Kickoff times are in CET and CEST.
Results overview
Copa del Rey
Kickoff times are in CET and CEST.
References
External links
Club's official website
SD Eibar
SD Eibar seasons
Carl Sven-Göran Ljunggren (28 January 1949, Arlöv – 18 January 1985), known by their stage name Kal P. Dal, was a rock musician from Arlöv in Scania (in Sweden). Their most famous hit was the song "Blåa Sko'" ("Blue Shoes" in the Scanian dialect). Other hits were "Jonnie", "Bara Rock 'N' Roll" (a Scanian version of "It's Only Rock 'n' Roll), "Raka rör" and "Om ja' va' en slashas/Jag vill leva fri" (a version of "If I Were a Carpenter"). Their debut album "Till Mossan!" ("To Mom!") peaked at number 7 on the Swedish album charts where it stayed for 14 weeks.
Career
They played at concerts at Akademiska Föreningen (The Academic Society) in Lund. It was there they met fellow Scanian and musician Peps Persson who convinced Sonet Records to release their music. Their debut album "Till Mossan!" ("To Mom!", 1977) peaked at number 7 on the Swedish album charts where it stayed for 14 weeks. Later albums also charted, but didn't reach the same success.
They also had a small part in the film Barnförbjudet (1979)
Death and legacy
They died on January 18, 1985, ten days before their 36th birthday. The death was caused by cerebral haemorrhage.
After their death they got one of the local Pågatåg trains named after him. All of the Pågatåg trains are named after famous people from Scania. In 2005 they also got a street in their home town Arlöv named after him. It was originally suggested that they would get a statue instead, and there is a Facebook group with thousands of members dedicated to making the statue a reality.
Pascal, a rock band from Gotland, Sweden, made a cover of the song "Jonnie". The well-known Swedish indie rock band Bob Hund have cited Kal P. Dal as an inspiration.
Covers (with new Swedish lyrics)
"Bara rock 'n' roll" (The Rolling Stones' "It's Only Rock 'n' Roll (But I Like It)")
"Brunt socker" (The Rolling Stones' "Brown Sugar")
"Du bara bankar" (Little Richard's "Keep A-Knockin'")
"Houndans kvinna II" (The Rolling Stones' "Honky Tonk Women")
"Ja' kan li en regnig kväll" (Eddie Rabbitt's "I Love a Rainy Night")
"Jenny Jenny" (Eddie Cochran's "Jeanie, Jeanie, Jeanie")
"John Silver" (Chuck Berry's "Johnny B. Goode")
"Jonnie" (10cc's "Johnny, Don't Do It")
"Kaddilack" (Vince Taylor's "Brand New Cadillac")
"Karolin" (Status Quo's "Caroline")
"Knabbar på himelens dörr" (Bob Dylan's "Knockin' on Heaven's Door")
"Kungens knall" (Bachman-Turner Overdrive's "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet")
"Om ja' va' en slashas / Jag vill leva fri" (Tim Hardin's "If I Were a Carpenter")
"Rock påg" (Thin Lizzy's "The Rocker")
"Rosalie, Rosalie" (Bob Seger's "Rosalie")
"Skit i maj" (Rory Gallagher's "Shadow Play")
"Starta mej" (The Rolling Stones' "Start Me Up")
"Tutti-Frutti" (Little Richard's "Tutti-Frutti")
"Ålrajt / Rocka maj" (Free's "All Right Now")
Notes
External links
http://www.kalpdal.se
Kal P Dal – lika populära i dag som på 70-talet, article in Skånska Dagbladet focusing on a new book released about the artist
1949 births
1985 deaths
People from Burlöv Municipality
20th-century Swedish male musicians
Ex nihilo is a Latin phrase meaning "out of nothing" that may refer to:
Creatio ex nihilo, the belief that matter is not eternal, but had to be divinely created
Ex nihilo nihil fit, Latin for the philosophical dictum "nothing comes from nothing"
Ex nihilo lexical enrichment, adding of new words not deriving from pre-existing word
Ex Nihilo (comics), a fictional character
Ex Nihilo (magazine), former name of a creationist magazine
Ex Nihilo (sculpture), a sculpture by Frederick Hart
Agat Films & Cie – Ex Nihilo, a French film production and distribution company
Bulgarian Association of Software Companies (BASSCOM, Българска асоциация на софтуерните компании, БАСКОМ) is a non-profit organization that unites software companies and organizations related to software development in Bulgaria.
BASSCOM supports the development of the software industry in Bulgaria, protects the interests of software development companies, promotes ethical business relations and promotes the Bulgarian IT and software industry within the local society and internationally.
It was founded in 2001 and has between 11-50 employees. The organization tracks the development of Bulgaria's software industry.
Sources
Non-governmental organizations
Backhand (Greg Mattingly) is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is usually depicted as a member of the Strikeforce: Morituri. The character was created by Peter B. Gillis and Brent Anderson.
Publication history
Backhand (Greg Mattingly) was created by writer Peter B. Gillis and artist Brent Anderson. They debuted as a guest character in Strikeforce: Morituri #4 (March 1987). They re-emerged in Strikeforce: Morituri #13 as a superhero and member of Strikeforce: Morituri, with the codename "Backhand", thus joining the cast of the book, until their death in issue #22.
Fictional character biography
In 2073, Greg Mattingly was a successful character who was hired in a soap opera that would depict the adventures of Strikeforce: Morituri, an internationally hailed team of new superheroes who were assigned to defend the Earth from the regular attacks of the savage alien race known as the Horde. The members of the team had acquired their powers through a complex scientific process, albeit at a terrible price: their lifespan was significantly reduced, due to an inescapable flaw in the process, which ensured their death within a year after taking the process.
Before the video series detailing the adventures of the Morituri debuted, the actors and crew of the series met the actual Morituri in a special party that took place in New York City. Mattingly introduced themselves to the team member they would portray, unofficial team leader Vyking. Vyking immediately joked on how Mattingly should have landed a part that would last longer, hinting at their own brief time left on the Earth, due to the deadly Morituri effect. Their attempt at black humor caused an awkward moment, which Mattingly managed to overcome.
Their meeting with the Morituri proved to be a turning point in Mattingly's life. Sometime later, Mattingly was tested and found genetically compatible to undergo the Morituri process, one of the precious few that met the biological criteria (about 5% of the entire population). This development, in conjunction with Mattingly being impressed by the self-sacrifice and cause of the Morituri and the inevitable death of Vyking, contributed in theirs making the decision to volunteer to become a Morituri.
Through the process, Mattingly, ironically enough, developed an ability eerily similar to the one of Vyking, the Morituri they depicted in the series, namely, the ability to redirect energy. Their control of energy rerouting was also more refined and focused than the one Vyking had in their own powers. In the first official mission of the new generation of Morituri, however, one of the new members, Wildcard suffered a horrible death, due to the Morituri effect. Witnessing this, Backhand freaked out and went screaming, arguing they no longer wanted to be a Morituri. However, they managed to eventually regain theirs calmness.
Backhand went through many adventures with the team, being part of the third generation of Morituri. Months later, during an attack by Super Hordians (an evolved form of Hordians) against a TV station, the Morituri appeared to meet their match. Backhand themselves was mortally injured by them. While dying, Backhand managed to will themselves to the Morituri effect and exploded, thus killing several of the Super Hordians that were near him, and providing their teammates with a fighting chance.
References
Comics characters introduced in 1987
Marvel Comics characters with superhuman strength
Marvel Comics male superheroes
Marvel Comics superheroes
Strikeforce: Morituri
Hedemora Circuit was a motorsport race track located in Hedemora, Sweden. In 1958, it hosted the first Swedish motorcycle Grand Prix of MotoGP.
The circuit closed in 1999.
External links
Track information
Motorsport venues in Sweden
Grand Prix motorcycle circuits
Buildings and structures in Hedemora Municipality
Defunct motorsport venues
Gowers is a surname of Welsh origin. Notable people with the name include:
Andrew Gowers (born 1957), financial journalist and media strategist
Gowers Review of Intellectual Property, 2006
Andrew Gowers (footballer) (born 1969), Australian rules footballer
Ashley Gowers (born 1994), English cricketer
Billy Gowers (born 1996), Australian rules footballer
Bruce Gowers, British television director and producer
Emily Gowers (born 1963), British classical scholar
Ernest Gowers (1880–1966), author of writing style guides
Gillian Gowers (born 1964), English badminton player
Ken Gowers (1936–2017), English rugby league player
Patrick Gowers (1936–2014), English music composer
Peter Gowers (born 1972), British business person
Timothy Gowers, FRS (born 1963), British mathematician
Gowers norm, in additive combinatorics
Trevor Gowers (1945–1996), Australian rules footballer
Walter Gowers (1903–1965), English footballer and rugby league player
William Frederick Gowers (1875–1954), British colonial administrator
William Richard Gowers (1845–1915), British neurologist
Gowers' sign, indicating weakness of the proximal muscles
See also
Gower (disambiguation)
Gower (surname)
Old Gowers, former pupils of University College School
References
Malara, in the mythology of the Orokolo, of the south coast of Papua New Guinea, is the god of the planet Venus. The myths indicate that Malara was looking for wives. They found Eau and Havoa, the daughters of the sun-god Maelare, and married them.
References
Papua New Guinean deities
Stellar gods
Venusian deities
Bergsland may refer to:
Egil Bergsland (1924–2007), Norwegian politician
Einar Bergsland (1910–1982), Norwegian Nordic skier
Hans Bergsland (1878–1956), Norwegian Olympic fencer
Jacob Bergsland (1890–1974), Norwegian fencer
Knut Bergsland (1914–1998), Norwegian linguist
Per Bergsland (1918–1992), Norwegian World War II prisoner of war, one of three to reach freedom in the "Great Escape"
Ocinje (; in older sources also Ocinja, , or Guitzendorf, Prekmurje Slovene: Oucinje) is a small village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria. In 1941 the village was ceded to Germany due its purely German inhabitants. The population of Ocinje was expelled in 1945 and replaced by Slovenians.
References
External links
Ocinje on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
The principle of orthogonal design (abbreviated POOD) was developed by database researchers David McGoveran and Christopher J. Date in the early 1990s, and first published "A New Database Design Principle" in the July 1994 issue of Database Programming and Design and reprinted several times. It is the second of the two principles of database design, which seek to prevent databases from being too complicated or redundant, the first principle being the principle of full normalization (POFN).
Simply put, it says that no two relations in a relational database should be defined in such a way that they can represent the same facts. As with database normalization, POOD serves to eliminate uncontrolled storage redundancy and expressive ambiguity, especially useful for applying updates to virtual relations (e.g., view (database)). Although simple in concept, POOD is frequently misunderstood and the formal expression of POOD continues to be refined.
The principle is a restatement of the requirement that a database is a minimum cover set of the relational algebra. The relational algebra allows data duplication in the relations that are the elements of the algebra. One of the efficiency requirements of a database is that there be no data duplication. This requirement is met by the minimum cover set of the relational algebra.
Sources
Database Debunkings: The Principle of Orthogonal Design, Part I, by D. McGoveran and C. J. Date
Database Debunkings: The Principle of Orthogonal Design, Part II, by D. McGoveran and C. J. Date
Database theory
Ferredoxins (from Latin ferrum: iron + redox, often abbreviated "fd") are iron–sulfur proteins that mediate electron transfer in a range of metabolic reactions. The term "ferredoxin" was coined by D.C. Wharton of the DuPont Co. and applied to the "iron protein" first purified in 1962 by Mortenson, Valentine, and Carnahan from the anaerobic bacterium Clostridium pasteurianum.
Another redox protein, isolated from spinach chloroplasts, was termed "chloroplast ferredoxin". The chloroplast ferredoxin is involved in both cyclic and non-cyclic photophosphorylation reactions of photosynthesis. In non-cyclic photophosphorylation, ferredoxin is the last electron acceptor thus reducing the enzyme NADP+ reductase. It accepts electrons produced from sunlight-excited chlorophyll and transfers them to the enzyme ferredoxin: NADP+ oxidoreductase .
Ferredoxins are small proteins containing iron and sulfur atoms organized as iron–sulfur clusters. These biological "capacitors" can accept or discharge electrons, with the effect of a change in the oxidation state of the iron atoms between +2 and +3. In this way, ferredoxin acts as an electron transfer agent in biological redox reactions.
Other bioinorganic electron transport systems include rubredoxins, cytochromes, blue copper proteins, and the structurally related Rieske proteins.
Ferredoxins can be classified according to the nature of their iron–sulfur clusters and by sequence similarity.
Bioenergetics of ferredoxins
Ferredoxins typically carry out a single electron transfer.
+ <=>
However a few bacterial ferredoxins (of the 2[4Fe4S] type) have two iron sulfur clusters and can carry out two electron transfer reactions. Depending on the sequence of the protein, the two transfers can have nearly identical reduction potentials or they may be significantly different.
+ <=>
+ <=>
Ferredoxins are one of the most reducing biological electron carriers. They typically have a mid point potential of -420 mV. The reduction potential of a substance in the cell will differ from its midpoint potential depending on the concentrations of its reduced and oxidized forms. For a one electron reaction, the potential changes by around 60 mV for each power of ten change in the ratio of the concentration. For example, if the ferredoxin pool is around 95% reduced, the reduction potential will be around -500 mV. In comparison, other biological reactions mostly have less reducing potentials: for example the primary biosynthetic reductant of the cell, NADPH has a cellular redox potential of -370 mV ( = -320 mV).
Depending on the sequence of the supporting protein ferredoxins have reduction potential from around -500mv to -340 mV. A single cell can have multiple types of ferredoxins where each type is tuned to optimally carry out different reactions.
Reduction of ferredoxin
The highly reducing ferredoxins are reduced either by using another strong reducing agent, or by using some source of energy to "boost" electrons from less reducing sources to the ferredoxin.
Direct reduction
Reactions that reduce Fd include the oxidation of aldehydes to acids like the glyceraldehyde to glycerate reaction (-580 mV), the carbon monoxide dehydrogenase reaction (-520 mV), and the 2-oxoacid:Fd Oxidoreductase reactions (-500 mV) like the reaction carried out by pyruvate synthase.
Membrane potential coupled reduction
Ferredoxin can also be reduced by using NADH (-320 mV) or (-414 mV), but these processes are coupled to the consumption of the membrane potential to power the "boosting" of electrons to the higher energy state. The Rnf complex is a widespread membrane protein in bacteria that reversibly transfers electrons between NADH and ferredoxin while pumping or ions across the membrane. The chemiosmotic potential of the membrane is consumed to power the unfavorable reduction of by NADH. This reaction is an essential source of in many autotrophic organisms. If the cell is growing on substrates that provide excess , the Rnf complex can transfer these electrons to and store the resultant energy in the membrane potential. The energy converting hydrogenases (Ech) are a family of enzymes that reversibly couple the transfer of electrons between and while pumping ions across the membrane to balance the energy difference.
+ + <=> + +
+ + <=> + +
Electron bifurcation
The unfavourable reduction of Fd from a less reducing electron donor can be coupled simultaneously with the favourable reduction of an oxidising agent through an electron bifurcation reaction. An example of the electron bifurcation reaction is the generation of for nitrogen fixation in certain aerobic diazotrophs. Typically in oxidative phosphorylation the transfer of electrons from NADH to Ubiquinone(Q) is coupled to charging the proton motive force. In Azotobacter the energy released by transferring one electron from NADH to Q is used to simultaneously boost the transfer of one electron from NADH to Fd.
Direct reduction of high potential ferredoxins
Some ferredoxins have a sufficiently high redox potential that they can be directly reduced by NADPH. One such ferredoxin is adrenoxin (-274mV) which takes part in the biosynthesis of many mammalian steroids. The ferredoxin Fd3 in the roots of plants that reduces nitrate and sulfite has a midpoint potential of -337mV and is also reduced by NADPH.
Fe2S2 ferredoxins
Members of the 2Fe–2S ferredoxin superfamily () have a general core structure consisting of beta(2)-alpha-beta(2), which includes putidaredoxin, terpredoxin, and adrenodoxin. They are proteins of around one hundred amino acids with four conserved cysteine residues to which the 2Fe–2S cluster is ligated. This conserved region is also found as a domain in various metabolic enzymes and in multidomain proteins, such as aldehyde oxidoreductase (N-terminal), xanthine oxidase (N-terminal), phthalate dioxygenase reductase (C-terminal), succinate dehydrogenase iron–sulphur protein (N-terminal), and methane monooxygenase reductase (N-terminal).
Plant-type ferredoxins
One group of ferredoxins, originally found in chloroplast membranes, has been termed "chloroplast-type" or "plant-type" (). Its active center is a [Fe2S2] cluster, where the iron atoms are tetrahedrally coordinated both by inorganic sulfur atoms and by sulfurs of four conserved cysteine (Cys) residues.
In chloroplasts, Fe2S2 ferredoxins function as electron carriers in the photosynthetic electron transport chain and as electron donors to various cellular proteins, such as glutamate synthase, nitrite reductase, sulfite reductase, and the cyclase of chlorophyll biosynthesis. Since the cyclase is a ferredoxin dependent enzyme this may provide a mechanism for coordination between photosynthesis and the chloroplasts need for chlorophyll by linking chlorophyll biosynthesis to the photosynthetic electron transport chain. In hydroxylating bacterial dioxygenase systems, they serve as intermediate electron-transfer carriers between reductase flavoproteins and oxygenase.
Thioredoxin-like ferredoxins
The Fe2S2 ferredoxin from Clostridium pasteurianum (Cp2FeFd; ) has been recognized as distinct protein family on the basis of its amino acid sequence, spectroscopic properties of its iron–sulfur cluster and the unique ligand swapping ability of two cysteine ligands to the [Fe2S2] cluster. Although the physiological role of this ferredoxin remains unclear, a strong and specific interaction of Cp2FeFd with the molybdenum-iron protein of nitrogenase has been revealed. Homologous ferredoxins from Azotobacter vinelandii (Av2FeFdI; ) and Aquifex aeolicus (AaFd; ) have been characterized. The crystal structure of AaFd has been solved. AaFd exists as a dimer. The structure of AaFd monomer is different from other Fe2S2 ferredoxins. The fold belongs to the α+β class, with first four β-strands and two α-helices adopting a variant of the thioredoxin fold. UniProt categorizes these as the "2Fe2S Shethna-type ferredoxin" family.
Adrenodoxin-type ferredoxins
Adrenodoxin (adrenal ferredoxin; ), putidaredoxin, and terpredoxin make up a family of soluble Fe2S2 proteins that act as single electron carriers, mainly found in eukaryotic mitochondria and Pseudomonadota. The human variant of adrenodoxin is referred to as ferredoxin-1 and ferredoxin-2. In mitochondrial monooxygenase systems, adrenodoxin transfers an electron from NADPH:adrenodoxin reductase to membrane-bound cytochrome P450. In bacteria, putidaredoxin and terpredoxin transfer electrons between corresponding NADH-dependent ferredoxin reductases and soluble P450s. The exact functions of other members of this family are not known, although Escherichia coli Fdx is shown to be involved in biogenesis of Fe–S clusters. Despite low sequence similarity between adrenodoxin-type and plant-type ferredoxins, the two classes have a similar folding topology.
Ferredoxin-1 in humans participates in the synthesis of thyroid hormones. It also transfers electrons from adrenodoxin reductase to CYP11A1, a CYP450 enzyme responsible for cholesterol side chain cleavage. FDX-1 has the capability to bind to metals and proteins. Ferredoxin-2 participates in heme A and iron–sulphur protein synthesis.
Fe4S4 and Fe3S4 ferredoxins
The [Fe4S4] ferredoxins may be further subdivided into low-potential (bacterial-type) and high-potential (HiPIP) ferredoxins.
Low- and high-potential ferredoxins are related by the following redox scheme:
The formal oxidation numbers of the iron ions can be [2Fe3+, 2Fe2+] or [1Fe3+, 3Fe2+] in low-potential ferredoxins. The oxidation numbers of the iron ions in high-potential ferredoxins can be [3Fe3+, 1Fe2+] or [2Fe3+, 2Fe2+].
Bacterial-type ferredoxins
A group of Fe4S4 ferredoxins, originally found in bacteria, has been termed "bacterial-type". Bacterial-type ferredoxins may in turn be subdivided into further groups, based on their sequence properties. Most contain at least one conserved domain, including four cysteine residues that bind to a [Fe4S4] cluster. In Pyrococcus furiosus Fe4S4 ferredoxin, one of the conserved Cys residues is substituted with aspartic acid.
During the evolution of bacterial-type ferredoxins, intrasequence gene duplication, transposition and fusion events occurred, resulting in the appearance of proteins with multiple iron–sulfur centers. In some bacterial ferredoxins, one of the duplicated domains has lost one or more of the four conserved Cys residues. These domains have either lost their iron–sulfur binding property or bind to a [Fe3S4] cluster instead of a [Fe4S4] cluster and dicluster-type.
3-D structures are known for a number of monocluster and dicluster bacterial-type ferredoxins. The fold belongs to the α+β class, with 2-7 α-helices and four β-strands forming a barrel-like structure, and an extruded loop containing three "proximal" Cys ligands of the iron–sulfur cluster.
High-potential iron–sulfur proteins
High potential iron–sulfur proteins (HiPIPs) form a unique family of Fe4S4 ferredoxins that function in anaerobic electron transport chains. Some HiPIPs have a redox potential higher than any other known iron–sulfur protein (e.g., HiPIP from Rhodopila globiformis has a redox potential of ca. 450 mV). Several HiPIPs have so far been characterized structurally, their folds belonging to the α+β class. As in other bacterial ferredoxins, the [Fe4S4] unit forms a cubane-type cluster and is ligated to the protein via four Cys residues.
Human proteins from ferredoxin family
2Fe–2S: AOX1; FDX1; FDX2; NDUFS1; SDHB; XDH;
4Fe–4S: ABCE1; DPYD; NDUFS8;
References
Further reading
External links
- 2Fe–2S ferredoxin subdomain
- Adrenodoxin
- 4Fe–4S ferredoxin, iron–sulfur binding
- High potential iron–sulfur protein
- X-ray structure of thioredoxin-like ferredoxin from Aquifex aeolicus (AaFd)
Iron–sulfur proteins
Photosynthesis
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of The Williams on 12 February 1877 because of the resignation of William Watson.
Dates
Candidates
William Johnston was a general merchant at Clarence Town. This was their first occasion standing for the Legislative Assembly.
John Nowlan was a cattle breeder from Maitland who had represented The Williams from 1866 until 1874.
Result
William Watson resigned.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Williams
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1877 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1870s in New South Wales
Marko Dević (; ; born 27 October 1983) is a retired football player.
A naturalized Ukrainian citizen since 2008, Serbian-born Dević made their international debut for their adopted country in 2008. They have since earned over 30 caps and scored 7 international goals for Ukraine. In 2013, they became the first player to score a hat-trick for the Ukraine national football team in an official match.
Club career
Early career
Born in Belgrade (Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia), Dević started their career at their hometown club Zvezdara, making 14 appearances and scoring twice in the 2001–02 season, during which time the club got relegated from the top division. They later played for Železnik, Radnički Beograd and Voždovac, all in Serbia. They spent just one year at each of the clubs. They scored three goals in 20 appearances for Železnik, including one goal in 19 league appearances and two goals in one cup match. They scored once in 16 appearances for Radnički, before joining Voždovac where they scored four times in 14 appearances.
Ukraine
Volyn Lutsk
In 2005, Ukrainian club Volyn Lutsk acquired Dević. During the 2004–05 Ukrainian Premier League season, they made 14 appearances but failed to score a single goal as Volyn finished in 8th position. The following season they netted twice in 18 league appearances for Volyn. At the end of the season the club was relegated. Dević made 32 league appearances for Volyn and one cup appearance, scoring two goals.
Metalist Kharkiv
Myron Markevych brought Dević to Vyscha Liha club Metalist Kharkiv. They scored 4 goals in 27 league appearances in their first season as Metalist finished in 3rd position. In the 2007–08 season, they were the Ukrainian Premier League top scorer with 19 goals in 27 matches played. Close behind them were Oleksandr Hladky, Oleksandr Kosyrin and Yevhen Seleznyov, each with 17 goals. Despite Dević's prolific scoring, Metalist finished in third place once again. Dević had a slow start ro the 2008–09 season but in the 13th round they scored both goals in a 2–0 win over Chornomorets Odessa. They finished the season with eight goals from 24 league matches as Metalist again finished third. Metalist also made it to the round of 16 in the UEFA Cup but lost out to another Ukrainian side, Dynamo Kyiv, on away goals after a 3–3 aggregate score. Dević scored eight goals in 24 league appearances in the 2008–09 season, with Metalist finishing in 3rd place. In the 2009–10 season they netted eight times in 20 league appearances as Metalist finished third. In the 2010–11 season Dević topped the assist table for the season with 9 assists. They also managed 14 goals in 24 league appearances to become the second highest goal scorer behind Yevhen Seleznyov of Dnipro, helping Metalist to a 3rd-place finish.
The 2011–12 season saw Dević score 11 goals from 26 league matches as Metalist finished 3rd for the sixth season in a row. Metalist also progressed to the quarter final stage of the Europa League, losing out to Portuguese side Sporting 3–2 on aggregate. Dević scored five goals and three assists in 484 minutes of play in the competition, finishing in a tie for eighth place in the scoring charts.
They left the club in 2012 after six seasons to join the reigning Ukrainian Premier League champions Shakhtar Donetsk. Dević managed to score 64 goals in 148 league appearances for Metalist and 75 from 192 appearances in all competitions.
Shakhtar Donetsk
Dević joined Shakhtar during the 2012–13 Premier League season on a four-year contract for a fee of £4.4 million. Although they had the number 33 at Metalist, they instead took number 18 at Shakhtar as the number 33 shirt was already assigned to Darijo Srna. They made their first appearance for Shakhtar as a 77th-minute substitute for Alex Teixeira in a 2–0 victory over Metalurh Donetsk in the 2012 Super Cup. This success marked Dević's first trophy. Their league debut for Shakhtar came in a comprehensive 6–0 victory over Arsenal Kyiv. They came on as a substitute for Alex Teixeira in the 69th minute and scored their first goal for Shakhtar, a penalty, in the 94th minute of the match. Their first start came in a commanding 4–0 victory over Volyn Lutsk. They scored the first goal of the match after 4 minutes and added an assist for Henrikh Mkhitaryan. They scored another goal in a 4–1 win against Vorskla.
Return to Metalist
On 28 February 2013, Dević returned to Metalist on a four-year deal.
Russia
On 27 February 2014, Dević signed a four-year deal with Rubin Kazan, where they played 14 games and scored 3 goals. In January 2015, they were sent for a loan to Qatar's Al Rayyan, where they played 18 games and scored 11 goals. They helped their team win promotion to the Qatar Stars League.
On 17 January 2017, Dević signed a 1.5-year deal with a Russian Premier League club FC Rostov. After only six months, Dević left Rostov on 17 June 2017.
Later career
On 7 August 2017, they joined FC Vaduz.
On 4 August 2018, Dević signed a two-year contract with Sabah FC.
On 16 January 2020, Sabah announced the return of Dević on a contract until the end of the 2019–20 season. Dević left Sabah on 24 April 2020.
International career
In June 2008, Dević became a naturalized Ukrainian citizen in hopes of playing for the Ukraine national football team. Although Dević is not the first footballer from outside the former Soviet Union to accept Ukrainian citizenship, their decision has led to numerous discussions in the media on the adoption of foreign players. The first international player to become a naturalized Ukrainian was Mamadi Sangare from Conakry, Guinea, who in 2008 played for FC Desna Chernihiv, and before that FC CSKA Kyiv.
Dević also had a very successful season in 2007–08, scoring 19 goals and becoming top scorer, putting pressure on national team coach Olexiy Mykhailychenko to select him. But Mykhailychenko hesitated, stating that one great season might not be enough to justify Devic's selection for Ukraine. Nonetheless, they did cap Dević for a friendly match against Norway on 19 November 2008, becoming the third naturalized citizen on the Ukraine national football team called up at that time, along with Oleksandr Aliyev and Artem Milevskyi. Dević played the second half of the match and wore the number 10 shirt. In the next couple of years their match participation dropped noticeably, due to their low performance in the Premier League as well as not scoring with the national team.
Dević was a member of Ukraine's squad for UEFA Euro 2012. On 19 June 2012, they were in the starting line-up for the game against England in the final round of games before the quarter-finals. Ukraine lost 0–1, with Wayne Rooney's second-half header carrying England through at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk. However, Dević had a goal disallowed in the second half when John Terry hooked the ball clear off the goal line, as confirmed by video replays. England ultimately won Group D and advanced along with France, while Ukraine were eliminated. Dević's "ghost goal" reopened football's goal-line technology debate. Replays of the build-up also appeared to show Dević's teammate, Artem Milevskyi, who set up Dević, in an offside position when the ball was played to him, although the play was not flagged for offside by match officials. On the following day, however, UEFA and its chief refereeing officer, Pierluigi Collina, delivered their final verdict: match officials had erroneously denied Dević and Ukraine a legitimate goal.
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list Ukraine's goal tally first.
Honours
Radnički Beograd
Second League of Serbia and Montenegro (1): 2003–04
Shakhtar Donetsk
Ukrainian Premier League (1): 2012–13
Ukrainian Cup (1): 2012–13
Ukrainian Super Cup (1): 2012
Al-Rayyan
Qatari Second Division (1): 2014–15
Vaduz
Liechtenstein Football Cup (1): 2017–18
Individual
Ukraine Premier League Top Scorer: 2007–08
References
External links
Profile at Metalist's official website
1983 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Naturalized citizens of Ukraine
Footballers from Belgrade
Serbian emigrants to Ukraine
Serbia and Montenegro expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Ukraine international footballers
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
FK Zvezdara players
FK Železnik players
FK Radnički Beograd players
FK Voždovac players
FC Metalist Kharkiv players
FC Volyn Lutsk players
FC Shakhtar Donetsk players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Rostov players
Al-Rayyan SC players
FC Vaduz players
Sabah FC (Azerbaijan) players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Russian Premier League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Swiss Challenge League players
Qatari Second Division players
Azerbaijan Premier League players
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Liechtenstein
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Liechtenstein
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
UEFA Euro 2012 players
Ukrainian Premier League top scorers
Kułakowice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 73.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Ivan Drever is a Scottish folk singer, songwriter and guitarist. They often tour with fiddler Duncan Chisholm who founded the Celtic rock band Wolfstone which Drever joined in 1990 but left in later years. Drever has mixed traditional folk with some rock and roll sounds.
Life
Drever spent their childhood as one of ten children on Sanday, one of the islands of Orkney in Scotland. Interest in music was clear from a young age with Drever winning youth talent shows at 12. They enjoyed country music and Jim Reeves. In 1974 they founded the band 'Knowe O'Deil' and stayed until the late 1980s. In the 1990s Drever moved to Easter Ross and joined Wolfstone. Drever spent many years in the Scottish town of Inverness which inspired many songs. Their album 'Waterfront' is named after a favourite bar and restaurant there. Drever has 4 children, including musician Kris Drever.
Career
In 1989 they released their debut album, Homeland. In 1990 Drever joined Wolfstone where they played guitar, cittern, whistle, mandola and pipes as well as providing lead vocals and songwriting but pursued a flourishing career of solo and duo work. In 1998 Drever and Duncan Chisholm released their own album, Lewis Blue. In the early 1990s Drever released a duo album with fellow Wolfstone member, Struan Eaglesham. 'Long December Night' is a recent duo album (also released as DVD) with Duncan Chisholm. Apart from their continuing collaboration with Duncan Chisholm, Drever has often joined up with other musicians, either as a duo with Bruce MacGregor, as Band with "The Vast Majority" or with former Wolfstone members Mop Youngston and Andy Murray as "The Black Sheep" in 2007. Due to Mop Yongston's illness, they could not continue touring. This project, however, has been revived as the Ivan Drever Band. The current line-up now includes Finlay Wells (bass), Iain Coates (drums) and Andy Murray (guitar). In 1998, they took a side-project from Wolfstone with the album This Strange Place, although this album was marketed as a Wolfstone album. That same year, they and Duncan Chisholm issued their collaboration album, The Lewis Blue.
The Ivan Drever Band
The Ivan Drever Band is a folk-meets-rock band featuring Ivan Drever, Andy Murray, Finlay Wells and Iain Coates. They have released an EP with 5 songs: Every Beat of the Drum, Harbour Lights, Ballad of Jimmy Fry, Walk Beside Your Shoes and Stranger's Tongue. A full album, 'Sea Air', is to be released soon after their current tour of the UK and Denmark.
Career highlights
2001- One of Ivan's most popular projects which gained huge media interest was a Californian dance spectacular named 'Celtic Fusion' in which they provided the music and toured not only in the UK but in the US with the high-profile team. They were the chief songwriter.
The popular Irish band The Dubliners have recorded some of their tunes.
The 1997 film Good Will Hunting included one of Ivan and Duncans songs.
In 1988 they recorded a duo album, 'October Bridge', with Dick Clarke
In 1996 they hosted a BBC Radio 2 documentary about the Islands of Scotland
In 2016 they record "Live In Orkney" at the Orkney Folk Festival in Stromness Town Hall. The album is released in the following year
Solo albums
Homeland (1989)
Isles Ne'er Forgotten (1992, re-released in 1999)
Every Breaking Heart (1992)
Four Walls (1996)
Black, White And Blue (2000)
The Orkney Years Vol. 1 (1998, Collection of previous songs 1986–1992)
The Orkney Years Vol. 2 (2006)
Tradition (2004)
Waterfront (2006)
Notes from an Island (2010)
Bless The Wind (2011)
Keep on keeping on (2012)
Music from the Vaults Vol. 1 (2013)
What you hear (2014)
Revisited - The Wolfstone Songs (2015)
Revisited II (2016)
Live In Orkney (2017)
Duo albums
The Knowe O'Deil (with Ian Cooper)
Orkney Anthem (1986)
The Viking's Bride (1987)
with Dick Clarke
October Bridge (1988)
with Struan Eagelsham
Back to Back (1994)
with Wayne Mackenzie
Drever Mackenzie (1997, re-released as a Wolfstone album "This Strange Place“ in 1998)
with Duncan Chisholm
The Lewis Blue (1998)
Long December Night (2004, also as DVD)
Other albums
Celtic Fusion (2003)
Number One (2007, EP "The Black Sheep")
Every Beat of The Drum (2009, EP "Ivan Drever Band")
Gifts (2012 with Drever McGuire Young)
The Return Of The Shoestring Orchestra (2014 with Drever McGuire Young)
Wolfstone albums with Ivan Drever
Unleashed (1991)
The Chase (1992)
Burning Horizons (1993)
Year of the Dog (1994)
The Half Tail (1996)
Pick of the Litter (1997)
This Strange Place (1998)
References
External links
Career Summary MP3.com
Official Website
Scottish singer-songwriters
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Orkney
Wolfstone members
Graham A. Nelson (born 1968) is a British mathematician, poet, and the creator of the Inform design system for creating interactive fiction (IF) games. They have authored several IF games, including Curses (1993) and Jigsaw (1995).
Education
In 1994, Nelson received a Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of Oxford under the supervision of Simon Donaldson.
Writing
Nelson co-edited Oxford Poetry and in 1997 received an Eric Gregory Award from the Society of Authors for their poetry. they were managing editor of Legenda, the imprint of the Modern Humanities Research Association (MHRA).
Interactive fiction
Nelson is the creator of the Inform design system for creating interactive fiction (IF) games. They have also authored several IF games, including Curses (1993) and Jigsaw (1995), using the experience of writing Curses in particular to expand the range of verbs that Inform is capable of understanding.
Personal life
Nelson is married to IF writer Emily Short.
Games
Written
Curses (1993, Z-code)
Deja Vu (1993, Z-code)
Balances (1994, Z-code)
Jigsaw (1995, Z-code)
The Meteor, the Stone and a Long Glass of Sherbet (as "Angela M. Horns", 1996, Z-code), for IF Comp 1996 (1st place). Was a finalist for Best Individual Puzzle, Best Puzzles, Best Writing, and Best Game at the XYZZY Awards 1996
The Tempest (1997, Z-code), for IF Comp 1997 (25th place). Winner of Best Use of Medium at the XYZZY Awards 1997.
Time and Dwarves (1998, Inform source code). Demo code for Inform programmers.
Ruins (as "Angela M. Horns", 2001)
The Reliques of Tolti-Aph (2006, Z-code)
Ported
Adventure
Adventureland
Crobe
Fyleet
Quest for the Sangraal
Other works
(1995) "The Craft of the Adventure" (2nd ed)
(1997) Singularities, with Polly Clark and Tim Kendall. Oxford: Hubble Press. . Anthology of poetry
(2001) Inform Designers Manual (4th ed), with Gareth Rees. Placet Solutions,
References
External links
Homepage of Graham Nelson
Graham Nelson's entry in Baf's Guide to IF archive
Nelson's Index to Oxford Poetry
IFWiki's page for Graham Nelson
Graham Nelson's talk on Inform Past, Present and Future, June 2018
Graham Nelson's brief autobiography as of 2019, published by computer entertainment historian Jimmy Maher
1968 births
Alumni of Selwyn College, Cambridge
British video game designers
British video game programmers
English mathematicians
Fellows of St Anne's College, Oxford
Interactive fiction writers
Living people
English male poets
Joseph Marie Tchango (born 28 November 1978) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
External links
Living people
1975 births
Association football midfielders
Cameroonian footballers
Elite One player
Liga MX players
Süper Lig players
Coton Sport FC de Garoua players
Tecos F.C. footballers
Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo) players
MKE Ankaragücü footballers
Cameroon international footballers
1996 African Cup of Nations players
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
The women's 63 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 9 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals were presented by Alex Gilady, IOC member from Israel, and the gifts were presented by Mr. Habib Sissoko, member of the International Judo Federation Executive Committee.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W63
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women's Half Middleweight
Women's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W63
Geo Widengren (24 April 1907 – 28 January 1996) was a Swedish historian of religions, professor of history of religions at Uppsala University, orientalist and Iranist.
Widengren wrote a series of works on Iranian religions (in particular Manicheism and Zoroastrism), Islam, Judaism, Gnosticism, etc. Their most popular works include Die Religion Irans, published in 1965 (Les Religions de l'Iran, 1968).
Widengren has been considered "one of the most famous historians of religions of the twentieth century".
Academic career
Geo Widengren was born and grew up in Stockholm. They did military service in the years 1925-27 and was appointed as a fähnrich at the Military Academy Karlberg. They participated as a volunteer in the Swedish contingent in the Winter war.
Widengren studied history of religions at Stockholm University for their mentor Tor Andrae until 1933 and received their doctorate at the Faculty of Theology in Uppsala in 1936. Their doctoral thesis was entitled "The Accadian and Hebrew Psalms of Lamentation as Religious Documents". In 1940 they became a professor of History of religions at the same faculty when they were only 33 years old.
Widengren was known for having mastered many languages, which gave them an advantage in the study of the frontiers of Asia during various eras. They had studied Assyriology in Copenhagen and Iranian Studies in Uppsala for H.S. Nyberg. They mastered, among other things, Greek, Latin, Armenian, Persian, Arabic, as well as several older Iranian languages such as Avestan and Middle Persian.
Widengren was Vice President (1950–1960) and President (until 1970) for the International Association of the History of Religion. Their pupil Anders Hultgård has published In memoriam Geo Widengren (1907–1996).
Widengren emphasized the Iranian influences on Judaism, Christianity and Mithraism. Religious scholars in the 1960s critiqued these themes, but they continued to defend the importance of Iranian influence throughout their career. Widengren's position was continued and developed in many works by Alessandro Bausani and Shaul Shaked.
See also
Stig Wikander
Selected works
Apocalyptique iranienne et dualisme qoumranien, Paris, 1995.
Der Mandäismus, Darmstadt, 1982.
The Pure Brethren and the philosophical structure of their system, Islam: past influence and present challenge, Edinburgh, 1979.
The Gnostic attitude, Santa Barbara, 1973.
Religionens värld, Stockholm, 1945, omarbetad och utökad upplaga 1953, omarbetad och förkortad 1971.
Religionsphänomenologie, Berlin, 1969.
Muhammed: hans liv och hans tro, Stockholm, 1967.
Der Feudalismus im alten Iran : Männerbund, Gefolgswesen, Feudalismus in der iranischen Gesellschaft im Hinblick auf die indo-germanischen Verhältnisse, Köln, 1969.
Iranische Geisteswelt: von den Anfängen bis zum Islam, Baden-Baden, 1961.
Die Religionen Irans, Stuttgart, 1965.
Kungar, profeter och harlekiner: religionshistoriska uppsatser, Stockholm, 1961.
Mani und der Manichäismus, Stuttgart, 1961. (English, 1965)
Ryttarfolken från öster: och andra artiklar, Stockholm, 1960.
Muhammad, the apostle of God, and their ascension, Uppsala, 1955.
The great Vohu Manah and the apostle of God : studies in Iranian and Manichaean religion, Uppsala, 1945.
Hochgottglaube im alten Iran, Uppsala, 1938.
References
Iranologists
Swedish historians of religion
Uppsala University faculty
1907 births
1996 deaths
Indo-Europeanists
Stockholm University alumni
Uppsala University alumni
20th-century Swedish male writers
20th-century Swedish historians
Writers from Stockholm
Ross is an unincorporated community in Calumet Township, Lake County, Indiana.
History
Ross was named for William Ross, a pioneer settler. A post office was established at Ross in 1857, and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1914.
Geography
Ross is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lake County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1857 establishments in Indiana
Károly Fogl, also known as Károly Fogoly, "Károly Újpesti" and "Fogl II" (19 January 1895 – 12 January 1969) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Újpest FC, as well as representing the Hungarian national football team at the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Fogl was born in Újpest, Budapest, Hungary. Between 1918 and 1929 they played 50 games and scored 2 goals for the Hungarian national team as a right defender. Together with their younger brother, József Fogl III, the two Fogls formed the legendary "Fogl-gate" (Fogl-gát in Hungarian), an extremely powerful and tough defending formation for more than a decade. Fogl II won the 1929–30 season with Újpest and served as a captain of the club for a decade.
After their player career, they went on to coach Sportklub Sofia and the Bulgarian national football team. Later they managed Juventus Bucuresti and in 1937 they led Győri ETO to the Hungarian top division NB I for the first time in the club's history. They were manager of the Polish football club Warta Poznań on three occasions: 1938-1939, 1947-1948 and 1950-1951, leading the club to their second national championship title in 1947.
They died on 12 January 1969 in Budapest.
.
References
Footballers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Hungarian footballers
Hungarian football managers
Hungary international footballers
Olympic footballers of Hungary
Újpest FC players
People from Újpest
Győri ETO FC managers
Bulgaria national football team managers
Polonia Warsaw managers
Warta Poznań managers
FC Petrolul Ploiești managers
Hungarian people of German descent
1895 births
1969 deaths
Association football defenders
Hungarian expatriate football managers
The Mongolian Red Cross Society (MRCS) is the largest humanitarian organization in Mongolia. It was established in 1939 as part of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement and is an auxiliary to the Mongolian Government.
MRCS serves vulnerable Mongolians through a volunteer-based network which promotes humanitarianism values and the principles of the Red Cross Red Crescent movement. With 33 midlevel branches and over 800 primary level branches across Mongolia, MRCS is able to service communities nationwide.
Programs
The Mongolian Red Cross Society has seven core program areas.
Disaster Management
The MRCS Disaster Management program helps communities to build resilience to natural and human-made disasters such as dzud, earthquakes and floods. They do this by assisting communities to prepare for disasters through training and awareness campaigns and providing timely disaster relief and rehabilitation activities.
Health and First Aid program
The MRCS Health and First Aid program aims to strengthen community health by providing first aid education and practical skills. MRCS conducts first aid training for volunteers as well as commercial first aid to raise funds for the national society.
Social Care program
The MRCS Social Care program provides services to support the well-being and livelihood of vulnerable groups in Mongolian society such as elderly, migrants and disabled people. Volunteers are mobilised to provide psychosocial support and help vulnerable people with everyday tasks such as preparing wood for heating and collecting drinking water, as well as accessing government care services. MRCS has a large volunteer base, with over 15,000 people offering their services each year.
Youth program
The MRCS Youth program educates Mongolian youth on humanitarian values and principles to further develop voluntary service and youth participation at all levels of society. Red Cross youth clubs are established in many Mongolian kindergartens, schools and universities to engage youth in humanitarian activities and further promote these principles to the community. Activities include peer training in health and first aid, earthquake preparedness, water and sanitation, HIV/AIDS awareness, youth camps and intercultural exchange. There are 75,000 MRCS youth members.
Water and Sanitation program
The MRCS Water and Sanitation program aims to help decrease infectious diseases transmitted through dirty hands by supplying the community with access to safe and clean drinking water, improving toilet and sanitation conditions as well as providing hygiene education.
Blood Donor program
The MRCS Blood Donor program works with related government and non government organisations to recruit and increase the number of voluntary, non-remunerated blood donors.
HIV/AIDS program
The MRCS HIV/AIDS program aims to decrease the prevalence of HIV/STIs in Mongolia and alleviate discrimination against infected people.
External links
Official Mongolian Red Cross Society Website
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
1939 establishments in Mongolia
Organizations established in 1939
Organizations based in Ulaanbaatar
Medical and health organizations based in Mongolia
Versend (; ) is a village in Baranya County, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The 2021–22 Indigo Group Premiership was the second season of the new format of the Welsh Premiership, the top tier of club rugby in Wales run by the Welsh Rugby Union. It was contested by twelve Welsh clubs following a reduction from sixteen teams at the end of the 2018–19 season. The competition was won by Cardiff who had last won the 2008-09 competition.
Structure
For 2021–22, instead of a traditional league each team played each other team either home or away for a total of 11 games. League points were awarded – 4 points for a win, 2 for a draw and 0 for a loss. Teams could also earn an additional bonus point by scoring four or more tries in a match and/or losing by less than seven points. The club with the most points at the end of 11 games were declared the winners. As the previous two seasons were disrupted during the COVID-19 pandemic, there was no relegation.
Teams
As the previous seasons (2019-20 & 2020-21) were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, no teams were promoted or relegated from any league. Therefore, the same 12 teams that competed in 2020-21 competed again in 2021-22.
Standings
References
External links
Welsh Premier Division seasons
Premiership
Wales
The Hofmann Trough () is a submarine bank in the Weddell Sea. It is named for Walther Hofmann (1920–1993), a cartographer/photogrammetrist on polar expeditions. The name was proposed by Heinrich Hinze of the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research, Bremerhaven, Germany, and was approved by the Advisory Committee for Undersea Features in June 1997.
References
Undersea banks of the Southern Ocean
Uhlenbeck is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christianus Cornelius Uhlenbeck (1866–1951), linguist and lecturer at the University of Leiden
George Eugene Uhlenbeck (1900–1988), Dutch-American physicist
Karen Uhlenbeck (born 1942), American mathematician
Dutch-language surnames
Seth W. Brown (January 4, 1841 – February 24, 1923) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born near Waynesville, Ohio, Brown attended public school as a child.
During the Civil War, Brown served in Company H, Seventy-ninth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry.
They engaged in the newspaper business.
They studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1873, commencing practice in Waynesville, Ohio.
They served as prosecuting attorney for Warren County from 1880 to 1883.
They resumed practicing law in Lebanon, Ohio, before serving as a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1883 to 1887.
Brown was a presidential elector in 1888 for the Republican presidential and vice-presidential ticket of Harrison/Morton.
Brown was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-fifth and Fifty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1901).
They unsuccessfully ran for renomination in 1900.
After their retirement, Brown resumed their law practice in Lebanon and Cincinnati, Ohio.
Until their death, Brown was a writer on political and governmental subjects.
Brown died in Lebanon, Ohio, February 24, 1923, and was interred in Miami Cemetery, Waynesville, Ohio.
References
Sources
1841 births
1923 deaths
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
People from Waynesville, Ohio
County district attorneys in Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio Republicans
Ohio lawyers
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
1888 United States presidential electors
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
19th-century American lawyers
is the 15th single of Jpop band Dream. This would remain the group's symbol until their rebirth as DRM in 2007. The single reached #10 on the weekly Oricon charts and charted for six weeks. This is also dream's first single to chart within the top 10 on Oricon's weekly charts since 2000's "My will". First pressings came in a special package, and included one of nine trading cards. In its official title, the phrase "love dream" is represented by a combination heart/peace sign (resulting in frequent misreadings, usually "I love world" or "I world").
Track list
I love dream world ~Sekaijuu no Shiawase wo Utaou~ (I love dream world ~世界中のしあわせを歌おう~; Let's Sing the Happiness of the Earth)
I love dream world ~Sekaijuu no Shiawase wo Utaou~ (Instrumental)
DVD track list
I Love Dream World~世界中のしあわせを歌おう~Promotion video~ (Ver．1)
I Love Dream World~世界中のしあわせを歌おう~Promotion video~ (Ver．2)
Single 「I Love Dream World」 TV－SPOT
Viewsic Tokuban 「I Love Dream Worldプレートを創ろう」 [Director's Cut Version]
Credits
Otowa Shiho (Lyrics)
Shigeki Sako (Music&Arrangement)
External links
http://www.oricon.co.jp/music/release/d/517462/1/
http://www.oricon.co.jp/prof/artist/27290/products/cinema/529749/1/
Dream (Japanese group) songs
2003 songs
Avex Trax singles
2003 singles
The Menominee was an electric automobile built in Menominee, Michigan by the Menominee Electric Manufacturing Company in 1915.
History
Menominee Electric Manufacturing Company mainly built electric motors, telephones and electric appliances. Menominee controlled Dudly Tool Company, makers of the Dudly Bug cyclecar and used that experience to develop a light electric cabriolet. The cabriolet had a 108-inch wheelbase, with a top speed of 20 mph and a range of 50–60 miles on each charge. A price of $1,250 also included a recharging kit for the battery. Production had started in July 1915, but had ended by the end of the year. The planned production quota of 125 electric automobiles was not reached; unsold Menominees were rebranded as the Dudly Electric and offered for less than $1,000.
See also
List of defunct United States automobile manufacturers
History of the electric vehicle
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Michigan
Electric vehicles introduced in the 20th century
Defunct brands
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Michigan
Brass Era vehicles
1910s cars
Electric vehicles in the United States
The Goodwin-Harrison House is a historic mansion in Macon, Mississippi, U.S.. It was built in 1852 for W. W. Goodwin, a planter. It was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style. From 1873 to 1882, it was home to a boys' school run by W. W. Baird. It was purchased by Nathaniel H. Harrison, a banker, in 1882. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since November 28, 1980.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Greek Revival houses in Mississippi
Antebellum architecture
Houses completed in 1852
National Register of Historic Places in Noxubee County, Mississippi
1852 establishments in Mississippi
James Maurice Daniels (August 26, 1924 – June 12, 2016) was a Canadian Oxford-educated physicist, inventor, author, and former university professor. They were a physics professor at the University of British Columbia, from 1953 to 1960, then a year as a visiting professor at Instituto de Fisica J.A. Balseiro in Bariloche, Argentina, before becoming a professor of Physics at the University of Toronto. They also served 5 years as Chairman of the department. They retired as Professor Emeritus in the late 1980s to live near Princeton, where they had been a visiting senior researcher in 1984–85.
Education
Daniels received their degrees from Jesus College, Oxford; a BA in 1948, an MA in 1949 and DPhil in 1952.
Awards and honors
Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada
Fellow of the Institute of Physics (London)
Chartered Physicist (United Kingdom)
Guggenheim Guggenheim Fellowship (1978).
Alfred P. Sloan Fellow (1963)
ICI Research Fellow (1952)
Nuffield Research Fellow (1951)
Member of the Canadian Association of Physicists and the American Physical Society.
 They are the inventor in three US patents:
 They are the author of the book Oriented Nuclei
They authored many scientific articles in areas such as nuclear orientation, and applications of Mossbauer spectroscopy to magnetic materials and minerals. For example: They specialized in low temperature physics and oriented spin of nuclei especially at low temperatures. They also researched Mossbauer spectra and their applications to crystallography.
They were the PhD supervisor of several physicists who became university professors in Canada, including: Gilles Lamarche (UBC-phD, University of Ottawa), Marcel Leblanc (UBC-PhD, University of Ottawa), Denis Rancourt (Toronto-PhD, University of Ottawa), and Stephen Julian (Toronto-PhD, University of Toronto). They were also notable for their capability to design and implement experiments, and in many visiting professor positions, helped design and implement the equipment necessary.
Later life
Dr. James Daniels died on June 12, 2016 in Summit, New Jersey.
References
1924 births
2016 deaths
Canadian inventors
Canadian physicists
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
University of British Columbia faculty
University of Toronto faculty
Canadian expatriates in the United Kingdom
The 1974 Copa Fraternidad was the fourth Central American club championship played between 6 clubs. C.S.D. Municipal won the tournament.
Teams
Results
Standings
Champion
References
External links
RSSSF - Copa Fraternidad
1974
1
1973–74 in Costa Rican football
1973–74 in Salvadoran football
1973–74 in Guatemalan football
Ixodia achillaeoides, commonly known as mountain daisy, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae and is found in South Australia and Victoria. It is a small shrub with sticky, smooth branchlets and small white flowers in spring and summer.
Description
Ixodia achillaeoides is a small understory shrub up to high, stems smooth, sticky and branched. The leaves are variable from linear to egg-shaped, sticky, long, decurrent, dark green on upper surface, paler on the underside and a prominent mid-vein. The inflorescence is an urn-shaped to oval-shaped cluster of 3-80 white flowers with yellow centres at the end of stems. Individual flowers long and in diameter, sessile or on a short peduncle. The fruit is a cypsela long and covered with soft hairs. Flowering mostly occurs in spring and summer.
Taxonomy and naming
Ixodia achillaeoides was first formally described in 1812 by Robert Brown and the description was published in Hortus Kewensis. The specific epithet (achilleoides) refers to the similarity of the inflorescence to those of plants in the genus Achillea.
Distribution and habitat
This species has a scattered distribution in Victoria. A widespread species in South Australia, occurring in woodland, scrubland and forest.
References
Gnaphalieae
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1812
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Malik Yaqo Ismail (February 12, 1894 - January 25, 1974, (Syriac: ܡܐܠܝܟ ܝܐܩܥ ܝܣܡܐܝܠ) was an Assyrian tribal leader who was a Malik (chief) of the Upper Tyari tribe and a military leader of the Assyrian Levies.
Early life
Malik Yaqo Ismail was born on February 12, 1894 in the village of Chamba'd Malik, Tyari, Hakkari. They married on December 26, 1914, Maryam Youkhana, they eventually had three children, respectively: Uya, born in Iraq in 1929, Zia, born in Iraq in 1932, and Daoud, born in Syria in 1935.
Military career
During the First World War They participated in many battles as a fighter, and the first battle they fought as the leader of a group of 50 fighters was against Ismail Agha, the leader of a Kurdish tribe After the martyrdom of Patriarch Mar Benyamin Shimun. They participated in numerous battles during the First World War under the command of their father Malik Ismail II with the Assyrian Volunteers, they had first-hand experience from the battles in Hakkari and the exodus to Russian controlled Persia.
They resigned from the Assyrian Levies with the rank of major (ܪܒ ܬܪܝ ܡܐܐ), and after their resignation, they tried to join the newly formed Iraqi army, but that did not happen.
Simele Massacre
Yaqo was accompanied by 200 armed men, which was seen as an act of defiance by the Iraqi authorities. Their activities caused distress among the Kurds and the Iraqi government started sending troops to the Nohadra region in order to intimidate Yaqo and dissuade Assyrians from joining theirs cause.
According to a letter from the Administrative Inspector of Mosul to the Ministry of Interior, on 19 June 1933, Khoshaba, accompanied with Malik Khiyo of Ashitha and Malik Zaia Shams-al-Din of Lower Tyari left from Nohadra to Amadiya against the wishes of the Qaimmaqam who warned Khoshaba that Malik Yaqo was awaiting them on the road with at least 80 armed men. This resulted in the Mustarrif sending Iraqi police to ensure Khoshaba and their companions were not harmed and further drove the split between the factions.
Clashes at Dirabun
On 21 July 1933, more than 600 Assyrians, led by Malik Yaqo, crossed the border into Syria in hope of receiving asylum from the French Mandate of Syria. They were, however, disarmed and refused asylum, and were subsequently given light arms and sent back to Iraq on 4 August. They then decided to surrender themselves to the Iraqi Army. While crossing the Tigris in the Assyrian village of Dirabun, a clash erupted between the Assyrians and an Iraqi Army brigade. Despite the advantage of heavy artillery, the Iraqis were driven back to their military base in Dirabun. The Assyrians, convinced that the army had targeted them deliberately, attacked an army barracks with little success. They were driven back to Syria upon the arrival of Iraqi aeroplanes. The Iraqi Army lost 33 soldiers during the fighting while the Assyrian irregulars took fewer casualties. Historians do not agree on who started the clashes at the border. The British Administrative Inspector for Mosul, Lieutenant Colonel R. R. Stafford, wrote that the Assyrians had no intention of clashing with the Iraqis, while the Iraqi historian Khaldun Husry (son of the prominent Arab nationalist Sati' al-Husri) claims that it was Yaqu's men who provoked the army at Dirabun.
these clashes would subsequently be a precursor to the Simele Massacre.
Political life
In November 1969, they came to northern Iraq, accompanied by a delegation from the Assyrian societies in the United States of America, to meet the late leader of the Kurdish revolution (Mullah Mustafa Barzani), where Malik Yaqo asked them about the ultimate goal of the Kurdish revolution, and Mullah Barzani replied that the Kurds seek to establish a federal Iraq Then Malik Yako asked him: What about the Assyrians, many of whom are fighting on your side? Barzani admitted this by mentioning Malik Yaqo's nephew Hurmiz Malik Chikko, the Reverend Paul Bidari (a member of the Central Committee of the Kurdistan Democratic Party), the martyr hero Margaret George and others. Mullah Barzani gave them an honorable promise that the Assyrians would surely obtain autonomy if the Kurdish revolution succeeded. Mullah Mustafa was very tactful in agreeing to many of Malik Yaqo's proposals.
They returned to Iraq on February 26, 1973 at the invitation of the Minister of Interior Saadoun Ghaidan. But the proposals and projects presented to them were more misleading than trying to improve the conditions of the Assyrians in Iraq. As it became clear to them that the Iraqi government's offer to arm the Assyrian villages and towns adjacent to the Kurdish region is in order to serve the regime and its goals. It did not focus at all on the interests of the Assyrian people. They passed away on Friday January 25, 1974.
They would be the final Malik (Chief) of Upper Tyari tribe.
Books
Assyrians and The Two World Wars
References
1894 births
1974 deaths
The 2008 World Modern Pentathlon Championships were held in Budapest, Hungary from May 29 to June 3. It was the last Olympic qualification event in modern pentathlon before the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Medal summary
Men's events
Women's events
See also
Modern Pentathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics
World Modern Pentathlon Championship
Article in Hungarian with detailed results
World Modern Pentathlon Championship Official Site
Modern pentathlon in Europe
World Modern Pentathlon Championship
World Modern Pentathlon Championship
International sports competitions hosted by Hungary
International sports competitions in Budapest
Lev Nikolayevich Matveyev (; born 12 February 1971) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1988 for FC Gastello Ufa.
Honours
Soviet Top League champion: 1991.
Soviet Cup finalist: 1992.
References
1971 births
People from Ishimbay
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Liga Leumit players
FC Neftyanik Ufa players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny players
FC Amkar Perm players
Maccabi Ironi Ashdod F.C. players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
FC Zvezda Perm players
Sportspeople from Bashkortostan
Lenka Kripac (born 19 March 1978) is an Australian singer-songwriter and actor best known for their song "The Show", from their debut album, Lenka. "The Show" has been used in numerous advertisements, most notably for Old Navy, as well as the Nickelodeon film Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging and the 2011 film Moneyball. Them song "Everything at Once" was used in a Windows 8 television advertisement and in a Disney Movie Rewards commercial. Them fifth studio album, Attune, was released in 2017.
Early life
The daughter of Czech-born jazz trumpet musician, Jiří Křipač and Australian schoolteacher, Eden, Lenka was raised in the Australian coastal town of Bega until age seven, when their family moved to Sydney, where they received their schooling, acting and music training, and started to work as a highly regarded theatre actor and later musician.
Career
2008–2012: Beginnings and self-titled debut album
As a teenager, Lenka studied acting at the Australian Theatre for Young People, where they trained with actor Cate Blanchett. Lenka starred in the Australian ABC-TV drama series GP as Vesna Kapek in the 1990s. They also hosted Cheez TV and has guest starred in other Australian TV series, including Home and Away, Wildside, Head Start, and Spellbinder. They appeared in Australian feature films The Dish and Lost Things, as well as in theatre productions. Lenka provided the vocals for 2 tracks on Paul Mac's 2005 album Panic Room. As Lenka Kripac, they were a member of the Australian electronic-rock crossover band Decoder Ring for two of their albums. They then moved to California in 2007.
After adopting their first name as their sole artistic name, Lenka released their eponymous debut album on 24 September 2008, with "The Show" (produced by Stuart Brawley) chosen to be the first single release from the set. The album peaked at number 142 on the US Billboard 200. Them song "Everything at Once" was featured in a Windows 8 ad, becoming a worldwide success. Lenka creates paper art type stop-motion animated music videos for each of their singles with their husband James Gulliver Hancock, a visual artist from Australia, for a deliberately childlike effect. They provided vocals on two tracks ("Addicted" and "Sunrise") on German artist Schiller's album Atemlos, released in Germany on 12 March 2010.
In 2011 they released their second album Two which was inspired by their engagement and is full of romantic love songs. Despite a warm critical reception, the album failed to match the success of their debut album, with Two reaching peak chart positions of 69 and 88 on the Belgian and Swiss charts respectively. Them third album Shadows appeared in 2013 after the birth of their son.
2015–present: Subsequent releases and Attune
Them fourth studio album The Bright Side was released in 2015 and the most featured single in this album became "Blue Skies". A remix version of the song, released on the YouTube remix channel Trap Nation, has over 30 million views on YouTube. Them the latest album, Attune, was released in 2017 and contains the track Heal, which was created in cooperation with Australian singer and author Sally Seltmann. Them most played songs on BBC are "All My Bells Are Ringing", "We Will Not Grow Old", "Everything at Once", "Don't Let Me Fall", and "Trouble Is a Friend".
Personal life
Lenka currently resides in regional New South Wales, Australia. Lenka is married to visual artist James Gulliver Hancock. They announced on 27 September 2011 that they were pregnant. In March 2012, they announced on Twitter that they had given birth to a boy named Quinn. In 2016, they gave birth to their daughter, Etta.
Filmography
Discography
Lenka (2008)
Two (2011)
Shadows (2013)
The Bright Side (2015)
Attune (2017)
Recover (2020)
Discover (2020)
References
External links
Lenka talks to Flavorpill!
Interview with Lenka
Lenka In SPIN's November Issue
1978 births
Living people
APRA Award winners
Australian singer-songwriters
Australian television actores
Australian television personalities
Women television personalities
Australian people of Czech descent
Musicians from Sydney
Actresses from Sydney
Australian women pop singers
21st-century Australian singers
21st-century Australian women singers
Australian women singer-songwriters
Australian indie pop musicians
Ernesto Chan (July 27, 1940 – May 16, 2012), born and sometimes credited as Ernie Chua, was a Chinese-American comics artist, known for work published by Marvel Comics and DC Comics, including many Marvel issues of series featuring Conan the Barbarian. Chan also had a long tenure on Batman and Detective Comics. Other than their work on Batman, Chan primarily focused on non-superhero characters, staying mostly in the genres of horror, war, and sword and sorcery.
Biography
Ernie Chan was born Ernie Chua due to what they called "a typographical error on my birth certificate that I had to use until I had a chance to change it to 'Chan' when I got my [U.S.] citizenship in '76." They migrated to the United States in 1970 and became a citizen in 1976. For a number of years, they worked under the name Ernie Chua but they were later credited as Ernie Chan. They studied with John Buscema and worked with them as the inker on Conan during the 1970s. They also inked the art of Buscema's brother Sal on The Incredible Hulk.
Chan entered the American comics industry in 1972 with DC Comics as a penciler on horror/mystery titles such as Ghosts, House of Mystery, and The Unexpected. By 1974, they were working regularly for Marvel Comics on Conan the Barbarian. From 1975–1976, Chan worked exclusively for DC including the artwork for Claw the Unconquered which was written by David Michelinie. While working on the Detective Comics series, they drew the first appearances of Captain Stingaree in issue #460 (June 1976) and the Black Spider in #463 (Sept. 1976). Under the name Chua, they were DC Comics' primary cover artist from approximately 1975 to 1977.
Chan pencilled several issues of Conan and Doctor Strange, and worked on Kull the Destroyer in 1977 and Power Man and Iron Fist in the 1980s. From about 1978 onward, they worked almost exclusively for Marvel and focused on Conan in the 1980s.
In the early 1990s they joined Sega, providing character design and art for video games such as Eternal Champions.
In 2002, they retired except for commissioned artwork but returned to comics to draw writer Andrew Zar's adult-oriented webcomic The Vat #1 in 2009.
Personal life
Chan was based in Oakland, California and had three children; their daughter Cleo Caron Chan was born April 25, 1978. Ernie Chan died on May 16, 2012 after a nearly yearlong battle with cancer.
Awards
Ernie Chan received an Inkpot Award in 1980.
Bibliography
Comics work (interior pencil art, except where noted) includes:
DarkBrain
The Vat (2009)
DC Comics
Adventure Comics (Spectre) #437–438; (Seven Soldiers of Victory) #441 (1975)
Batman #262–264, 267, 269–270, 273–283 (1975–1977)
Captain Carrot and Their Amazing Zoo Crew! #18 (1983)
Claw the Unconquered #1–7 (1975–1976)
Dark Mansion of Forbidden Love #4 (1972)
DC Special Series (The Unexpected) #4 (1977)
Detective Comics (Elongated Man) #444; (Batman) #447–449, 451–453, 456, 458, 460–466 (1974–1976)
Forbidden Tales of Dark Mansion #8 (1972)
Ghosts #4, 10–11, 14, 21, 27, 30, 70 (1972–1978)
G.I. Combat #209 (1978)
House of Mystery #203, 251, 254–257, 290 (1972–1981)
House of Secrets #117, 124, 126, 129, 133, 137, 141, 143–144, 147–148 (1974–1977)
The Joker #3 (1975)
Jonah Hex #6–9 (1977–1978)
Kamandi #47, 49 (1976–1977)
Sandman #2–3 (1975)
Secret Society of Super Villains #4 (1976)
Secrets of Haunted House #1, 5 (1975–1976)
Secrets of Sinister House #16 (1974)
Superman (Fabulous World of Krypton) #282 (1974)
Swamp Thing #24 (1976)
Tales of Ghost Castle #3 (1975)
Teen Titans (Lilith) #43 (1973)
The Unexpected #134, 146, 149, 151, 170, 182, 188 (1972–1978)
Weird Mystery Tales #14 (1974)
Weird War Tales #17, 24, 26, 29–30, 42, 44, 49, 53–54, 58–59 (1973–1978)
The Witching Hour #40, 62 (1974–1976)
World's Finest Comics (Superman and Batman) #242 (1976)
Marvel Comics
Captain Marvel #24 (1973)
Chamber of Chills #3 (1973)
Conan the Barbarian #87, Annual #9–11 (full art); #26–36, 40–43, 70–86, 88–118, 131, 134, 142, 144, 147–153, 156–157, 168, 175, 177–178, 181–185, 187–190, 249–250, 252, 254, 275 (inks over John Buscema, Howard Chaykin, Gil Kane and Mike Doherty, 1973–1993)
Daredevil #96–98 (inks over Gene Colan pencils, 1973)
Doc Savage #2 (inks over Ross Andru pencils, 1972)
Doc Savage vol. 2 #8 (1977)
Doctor Strange vol. 2 #27–29 (inks over Tom Sutton pencils, 1978)
Haunt of Horror #1 (1974)
King Conan #5, 10 (1981–1982)
Kull the Conqueror vol. 2 #4 (1984)
Kull the Destroyer #21–29 (1977–1978)
Marvel Comics Presents (Starfox) #65 (1990)
Marvel Two-in-One #35–36 (1978)
Power Man and Iron Fist #94–100 (1983)
Savage Sword of Conan #29, 35, 68, 71, 76, 111, 113, 116, 119, 122–123, 137, 155, 158, 160–161, 164, 172–173, 177, 179, 183, 185, 187, 212, 214, 227 (full art); #62–64, 66, 71–72, 77–79, 81, 87, 95, 99–100, 102, 104, 108–109, 132-135, 137–142, 144, 146–148, 150–152, 166–169, 178–179, 185, 191–200, 202–206, 212 (inks over John Buscema, Ernie Colón, Val Mayerik, Mike Docherty, Gary Kwapisz) (1978–1994)
Spider-Woman #29 (1980)
Tales of the Zombie #4 (1974)
Thor #336 (1983)
Warren Publishing
Creepy #88 (1977)
References
External links
Ernie Chan at Mike's Amazing World of Comics
Ernie Chan ("Ernie Chua") at the Unofficial Handbook of Marvel Comics Creators
1940 births
2012 deaths
20th-century Chinese male artists
21st-century Chinese male artists
American comics artists
Comics inkers
DC Comics people
Deaths from cancer in California
Chinese comics artists
Filipino emigrants to the United States
Inkpot Award winners
Marvel Comics people
Video game artists
Grapeshot is a type of anti-personnel ammunition used in cannons.
Grapeshot may also refer to:
Grape Shot (shipwreck), off the coast of Plum Island, Wisconsin, United States
Operation Grapeshot, the final Allied attack during the Italian Campaign of the Second World War
Whiff of grapeshot
Grapeshot, a British developer of contextual targeting solutions, acquired by Oracle Corporation in 2018
Marjorie Clare Dalgarno (1901–1983) was an Australian radiologist and a pioneer of mammography. They performed the first mammogram in Australia at the Rachel Forster Hospital and demonstrated the benefits of mammography as a breast cancer screening tool.
Biography
Dalgarno was born in Sydney in 1901 and studied medicine at the University of Sydney's Women's College. They graduated in 1925 and was hired as a resident medical officer at the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, where they worked in the radiology department. After marrying Harold McCredie, a general practitioner, in 1928, they established a radiological practice based out of their home in Campsie. Them home practice included an x-ray machine installed in the dining room and a laundry that was converted into a darkroom for developing x-ray films. In 1939, they began working at the Rachel Forster Hospital in Redfern and the Renwick Hospital for Infants in Summer Hill; they also worked at the Western Suburbs Hospital in Croydon during World War II.
In 1949, Dalgarno and their partner Mollie Cronin opened a new practice on Macquarie Street in central Sydney. They also continued to work at the Rachel Forster Hospital, where Kathleen Cuningham had established a clinic for the diagnosis and treatment of breast lumps. Dalgarno modified an x-ray machine so that it could be used to produce mammograms (low-energy x-rays of the breasts), and in the early 1950s they performed the first mammogram in Australia. In a study of 1000 asymptomatic women, they demonstrated the benefits of mammography as a screening tool to detect and treat breast cancer in its early stages, but widespread use of mammography was unfeasible at the time due to technological limitations and high radiation doses. Dalgarno died in 1983.
Legacy
Australia adopted a national breast cancer screening program three decades after Dalgarno's work on mammography. BreastScreen, an Australian organisation that provides free breast cancer screening for eligible women, named one of their mobile screening buses "Marjorie" in honour of Dalgarno.
References
1901 births
1983 deaths
Australian radiologists
Sydney Medical School alumni
20th-century Australian medical doctors
Medical doctors from Sydney
Women radiologists
The Bibby Baronetcy, of Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 8 July 1959 for Sir Harold Bibby, Chairman of the Bibby Line.
As of 2010 the title is held by Sir Harold's grandson, the third Baronet, who succeeded their father in 2002.
Bibby baronets, of Tarporley (1959)
Sir (Arthur) Harold Bibby, 1st Baronet, Kt., DSO (1889–1986)
Sir Derek James Bibby, 2nd Baronet, MC (1922–2002)
Sir Michael James Bibby, 3rd Baronet (born 1963)
Arms
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Bibby
Aonla is a town ,also a Proposed district and a municipal board in Bareilly district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Proposed district consists of three tehsils:-
1. Aonla
2. Bisauli
3. Dataganj
Notable Personalities:
Thakur Bhanupratap Singh Chauhan. "social activist" , "Politician" and renowned "business person".
Akhlaq Mohammed Khan 'Shahryar' "Educator, "poet" and l"yricist".
Name
The name Aonla may be derived from the aonla tree, Phyllanthus emblica.
History
Aonla was a stronghold of the Katehria Rajputs by at least the 14th century. By the time of Akbar it was the seat of a pargana. It is mentioned in the Ain-i-Akbari as a pargana in the sarkar of Budaun, producing a revenue of 690,620 dams for the imperial treasury and a force of 400 infantry and 50 cavalry to the Mughal army. The pargana of Aonla survived almost completely unchanged until the 20th century, although c. 1835 it was expanded by the addition of 14 villages from the Ajaon pargana, including Ajaon itself.
Aonla's period of the greatest importance, however, was during the 1700s. In 1730, the Rohilla leader Ali Muhammad Khan had the local Katehria ruler, Duja Singh, assassinated; Ali Muhammad Khan then took over Aonla and made it their capital. Aonla served as the capital of the Rohilla confederation for more than a quarter of a century, and many Rohilla leaders were buried here. According to local tradition, the city had no fewer than 1,700 mosques at its height. After the Rohillas moved their capital to Bareilly, Aonla quickly lost its importance, and its many monuments fell into ruin. In 1813 it was made the seat of a tehsil, and it grew to become an important town again, with thriving commerce and a large export of grain.
Around the 20th century, Aonla was described as a very dispersed town with four distinct quarters, separated by cemetery fields and old ruined mosques. The first quarter was Aonla Khas, also called Ganj or Qila. The name "Qila" was derived from the eponymous brick fort where the Rohillas had held court. The qila, entered from the street by a plain and unimposing gate, consisted of two separate yards. In the outer yard was the open-pillared diwan-khana or audience hall, and in the inner yard were several buildings which had previously served as the tehsil office and police station but, by the early 20th century, had fallen into decay. Across the street from the qila was the mosque of Bakhshi Sardar Khan. Another mosque was that of Fateh Khan Khansaman, which had 12 domes but was in disrepair at the time. The largest mosque in the quarter was called the Begam's mosque. The Aonla Khas quarter had two main streets, each lined with brick houses; the largest house belonged to the respected family known as the Aonla Hakims.
The second quarter was called Pakka Katra, after the high brick wall that surrounded it. Pakka Katra was densely populated and served as the main business center of the town. On the south side of this quarter was a large walled enclosure containing the tomb of Ali Muhammad Khan, maintained by their descendant, the Nawab of Rampur State. Outside the enclosure there was an ornate masonry tank with steps leading down to the water, surrounded by many more Rohilla tombs. The last two quarters were Sarai (to the east of Pakka Katra, near the road to Budaun) and Kachcha Katra (extending to the west towards Manauna).
Aonla was made a notified area in 1908. Markets were held twice a week in two marketplaces, one called the Maharaj Datt Ram and the other called the Deputy Sahib. Its streets were narrow and largely unpaved, and there was a railway station on the north side of town, closest to the Aonla Khas quarter. The tehsil offices were located to the northeast, and there was a police station, two post offices, a cattle-pound, a dispensary, a middle vernacular school, and a girls' school.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census of India, Aonla has a population of 55,629, including 29,231 males and 26,398 females. Schedule Castes (SC) constitute 7.56% of the total population; there are no Schedule Tribes in the area and a majority of Thakur's and Muslims.
Administration
Aonla is administered by a Nagar Palika Parishad (municipal body), for which elections are held every 5 years. The Parishad is divided into 26 wards.
Aonla is also a tehsil headquarter. It is headed by a Sub Divisional Magistrate incharge of revenue and criminal administration.
Aonla has total 369 revenue villages.
Industry
Oil Industry - HPCL Depot
Places to Visit
Shri Ahichchhatra Parshvanath Atishaya Teerth Kshetra Digambar Jain Mandir, Ramnagar
Begum's Masjid jor three lofty domes
Ramnagar Fort
Bhim's Gada, Ramnagar
Ancient Site, Ramnagar
Puraina Mandir, Aonla
Tedeshwar Mandir, Aonla
Transport
The city is served by the Aonla railway station.
Notable people
Mohammad Ayyub Qadiri
References
Cities and towns in Bareilly district
The 2019 season was the 61st season of competitive association football in Ecuador.
National teams
Ecuador national football team
Friendly matches
2019 Copa América
Group C
Ecuador national under-20 football team
2019 South American U-20 Championship
Group B
Final stage
2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup
Group B
Knockout stage
Ecuador national under-23 football team
2019 Pan American Games
Group A
CONMEBOL competitions
2019 CONMEBOL Copa Libertadores
2019 CONMEBOL Copa Sudamericana
Men's football
2019 Campeonato Ecuatoriano de Fútbol
Serie A
First stage
Play-offs
Serie B
Aggregate table
Play-offs
Segunda Categoría
Final stage
Copa Ecuador
Women's football
Súperliga Femenina
References
Barakat Ahmad (died 1988) was a scholar and Indian diplomat. They had a doctorate in Arab history from the American University of Beirut and a doctorate in literature from the University of Tehran. Ahmad was also the First Secretary of the Indian High Commission in Australia, High Commissioner to the West Indies, and an adviser to the Indian delegation to the United Nations. They also served as rapporteur to the United Nations Special Committee on Apartheid and was a fellow of the Indian Council of Historical Research. Ahmad died in 1988 as a result of bladder cancer.
Hypothesis regarding Muhammad and the Jews of Medina
Ahmad says that to the best of their knowledge, they are the first Muslim scholar to deal with the Jews of Yathrib in the spirit of independent study and research. In Muhammad and the Jews: A Re-examination, they question the validity of the accepted accounts of Muhammad's expulsion of Banu Qaynuqa and execution of Banu Qurayza.
The earliest surviving biography of Muhammad is Ibn Hisham's recension of Ibn Ishaq's (d. 768) long-lost "Life of the Apostle of God". Ahmad argues that Muslim historians and Orientalists have failed to take into account that Ibn Ishaq's book, written some 120 to 130 years after Muhammad's death during the Abbasid Caliphate, was strongly influenced by the environment in which it was written. Ahmad accepts Ibn Ishaq as a sincere historian, but states that "a historian is very much part of their time. They cannot isolate themselves from the climate of opinion in which they breathe" and argues that "Ibn Ishaq's view regarding Muhammad's relation with the Jews were strongly influenced by their own reaction to Jewish life under the Abbasids".
Ahmad further argues that the account given by Ibn Ishaq cannot possibly be accurate, as, for example, states that the beheading and burial of 600-900 men would have been physically too colossal an undertaking for a small city like Medina,. They also write that the corpses would have constituted an obvious menace to public health.
To support their thesis, Ahmad also points to Jewish sources' silence about the alleged atrocity.
Harold Kasimow, in a 1982 review for the Journal of the American Academy of Religion wrote:
Dr. Ahmad has carefully considered all the early Islamic sources and the Jewish writings dealing with the period...Although I was not totally convinced by the evidence presented, there were moments during my reading when Dr. Ahmad did create doubt in my mind about the accuracy of the traditional history of the time. And that, after all, was their intent.
Bibliography
Muhammad and the Jews: A Re-examination. New Delhi: Vikas, 1979.
also published in Arabic as: محمد واليهود : نظرة جديدة (Muḥammad wa-al-Yahūd : naẓrah jadīdah) by [al-Qāhirah] : al-Hayʼah al-Miṣrīyah al-ʻĀmmah lil-Kitāb, 1996.
Introduction to Qur'anic Script. London: Routledge, 1999. Google Books
“Conversion from Islam”, in The Islamic World from Classical to Modern Times: Essays in Honor of Bernard Lewis ed. Clifford Edmund Bosworth; Bernard Lewis Princeton, 1989 .
“India and Palestine 1896. 1947
Reviews of their thesis
Lasker, Daniel J., review: Muhammad and the Jews: A Reexamination, Journal of Ecumenical Studies, 19:4 (Fall, 1982): 826.
M.J. Kister, “The Massacre of the Banu Qurayza: A Re-examination of a Tradition” Jerusalem Studies in Arabic and Islam 8 (1986):61-96.
Leon Nemoy, Barakat Ahmad's "Muhammad and the Jews", The Jewish Quarterly Review, New Ser., Vol. 72, No. 4. (Apr., 1982), pp. 324–326.
Harold Kasimow, Muhammad and the Jews: A Re-Examination, Journal of the American Academy of Religion, Vol. 50, No. 1. (Mar., 1982), pp. 157–158.
See also
Syed Akbaruddin
References
1988 deaths
Indian civil servants
Indian diplomats
Indian Muslim historians of Islam
Deaths from bladder cancer
Indian Ahmadis
Year of birth missing
Deaths from cancer in India
American University of Beirut alumni
University of Tehran alumni
Our Time is the ninth single of Japanese pop group Dream. The single reached #25 on the weekly Oricon charts and charted for three weeks. The title track was used as an opening theme for the TV Tokyo show Sukiyaki!! London Boots Daisakusen. The music video of the song was shot on the location of Oahu Island in Hawaii.
Track list
Our Time (original mix)
Our Time (instrumental)
My will (live version)
solve (Hex Hector remix)
Credits
Mai Matsumuro (lyrics)
D.A.I (music)
Izumi "D・M・X" Miyazaki (arrangement)
External links
http://www.oricon.co.jp/music/release/d/453039/1/
2001 singles
Dream (Japanese group) songs
Songs written by Mai Matsumuro
2001 songs
Avex Trax singles
James Edward Quick (born September 6, 1943 in Sacramento, California) is a former Major League Baseball umpire who worked in the National League in and again from to . Quick wore uniform number 15 for most of their career.
Minor leagues
Quick began their umpiring career in the Northwest League in . They then umpired in the California League in , the Texas League in , and the Pacific Coast League from to .
Major leagues
Quick made their Major League debut on August 4, 1974, during a doubleheader between the Cincinnati Reds and San Diego Padres at San Diego Stadium. They umpired 16 games that season before becoming a full-time umpire in 1976.
Quick worked in three All-Star games (1981, 1983 and 1991), two National League Division Series (1981 and 1996), five National League Championship Series (1979, 1987, 1989, 1993 and 1995) and the 1985 and 1990 World Series.
As the home plate umpire in Game Six of the 1985 World Series, Quick called Jim Sundberg safe on Dane Iorg's ninth-inning single for the winning run in the Kansas City Royals' 2–1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals. The inning is best known for Don Denkinger incorrectly calling Jorge Orta safe on a ground ball leading off the inning; with the Royals trailing 3 games to 2 in the Series and 1–0 on the scoreboard, the call shifted the momentum both of the game and the Series for the Royals, who won 11–0 the next evening.
Achievements
Quick was the home plate umpire for four no-hitters during their career: Tom Browning's perfect game on September 16, , Jerry Reuss' no-hitter on June 27, , Charlie Lea's on May 10, and Tommy Greene's on May 23, . The latter two no-hitters were the only ones in the 28-year history (–) of Olympic Stadium. Quick was also the home plate umpire for Nolan Ryan's 3000th career strikeout on July 4, and Steve Carlton's 300th career victory on September 23, , and was the first-base umpire for Pete Rose's 4191st career hit on September 8, , which put Rose in a first-place tie with Ty Cobb for the Major League lead.
External links
Retrosheet.org
1943 births
Major League Baseball umpires
Sportspeople from Sacramento, California
Living people
