Dennis George Mortimer (born 5 April 1952) is an English former footballer and captain of Aston Villa. They made nearly 600 appearances in the Football League playing for Coventry City, Aston Villa, Sheffield United, Brighton & Hove Albion and Birmingham City.
Playing career
Mortimer was born in Liverpool. They began their career with Coventry City, where they came through the ranks to make more than 200 first-team appearances as a midfielder. Their displays for Coventry attracted the attention of several top clubs, and they joined Aston Villa for £175,000 on Christmas Eve 1975.
Mortimer captained Villa to the 1980–81 Football League championship, the club's first League title for more than 70 years. They then led the team to victory in the 1982 European Cup Final; a 1–0 win against Bayern Munich in the De Kuip Stadium came courtesy of Peter Withe's goal, and made it six years in a row that English teams had lifted the trophy. After the game, Mortimer swapped their match shirt with an unknown Bayern player and has since attempted to recover it. From 1975 to 1985 they made 406 appearances for Villa scoring 36 goals.
After leaving Villa, Mortimer moved to Brighton & Hove Albion but was only there a year before returning to the Midlands with Birmingham City, thereby breaking the second-city taboo by playing for City and Villa.
Mortimer was capped by England at youth and under-23 level and captained England B, but was never capped for the full England team.
Post-playing career
During the 1988–89 season, Mortimer was player-manager of non-league club Redditch United. Mortimer became the PFA football in the community officer at West Bromwich Albion F.C. in 1991. Later they would become reserve team coach under the management of Ossie Ardiles and Keith Burkinshaw. When Ardiles left to coach Tottenham Hotspur F.C. Burkinshaw became manager and Mortimer moved up to first team coach.
They worked for The Professional Football Association as regional director of coaching in the Midlands area from 1996 to 2005.Mortimer joined the Birmingham City Football in the Community coaching scheme in 2006–2007. Mortimer joined the Football Association education coaching department in 2008 where they worked until the end of 2015. Mortimer is now retired. They provided commentary for BBC West Midlands Radio when they first retired from the game.
Mortimer received an honorary doctorate from the University of Worcester in 2011 for "his outstanding contribution to football".
Honours
Aston Villa
Football League First Division: 1980–81
Football League Cup: 1976–77
FA Charity Shield: 1981 (shared)
European Cup: 1981–82
European Super Cup: 1982
Intercontinental Cup runner-up: 1982
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Footballers from Liverpool
English footballers
England youth international footballers
England under-23 international footballers
England B international footballers
Association football midfielders
Coventry City F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Redditch United F.C. players
English Football League players
English football managers
Redditch United F.C. managers
Blind Ambition is a 2021 BBC2 documentary about blind creative people, presented by Jamie MacDonald and Jamie O'Leary.
Jamie MacDonald is a blind standup comedian, and at the time of making this documentary Jamie O'Leary had deteriorating vision and the prospect of an operation which might result in them losing their sight. O'Leary has been a television producer for over 20 years, and produced I'm Spazticus for Channel 4 in the run-up to the 2012 Summer Paralympics, with a second series in 2013.
During the programme the two presenters meet a variety of blind creative people including a woodturner, a rapper, and a photographer.
The BBC described it as a "blind-leading-the-nearly-blind mission to uncover and collaborate with the best blind creative talent". The Guardian's reviewer described it as "part travelogue, part documentary, part art project ... a bit of a shambles, at times, but a charming one".
Jamie M and Jamie O were shortlisted for the Grierson Award for Best Documentary Presenters.
References
BBC television documentaries
Blindness
Live on Stage may refer to:
Live on Stage (New Riders of the Purple Sage album), 1993
Live on Stage (Chuck Berry album), 2000
Live on Stage (Monsieur Camembert album), 2001
Neyak (, also Romanized as Nīkl also known as Neyak-e Bālā) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 111, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Curt W. Janke (September 30, 1892 – July 3, 1975) was an American politician and business person.
Born in Howards Grove, Wisconsin, Janke moved to Sheboygan, Wisconsin went to Sheboygan High School and Sheboygan Business College. Janke was a public accountant and was in the real estate business. They served on the Sheboygan Common Council. Janke served in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1929 to 1933 and was a Republican. Janke died in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Notes
1892 births
1975 deaths
People from Howards Grove, Wisconsin
Businesspeople from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin city council members
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American businesspeople
Francis Henry Medcalf (May 10, 1803 – March 26, 1880) was a Canadian millwright, iron founder, and Mayor of Toronto during the periods 1864–1866 and 1874–1875. They were also a member of the Orange Order in Canada.
Early life
Medcalf was born in Delgany, County Wicklow, Ireland, in 1803 and moved to Upper Canada in 1819 with their parents, William and Martha Medcalf, and seven siblings. They lived on the Big Otter Creek in Bayham, Ontario. In 1823, Medcalf relocated to Philadelphia in the United States, where they began working as a blacksmith and millwright. They married Mary Harrison in Philadelphia before returning with them to Canada in 1839 to run several foundries in Toronto; they had four sons and two daughters together. They opened the Don Foundry and Machine Shop in 1847, which specialized in the production of agricultural machinery and steam engines.
Political career
Medcalf was heavily involved in the Protestant organization the Orange Order, which had a strong presence in Toronto. Between 1854 and 1862, they held master positions at various Orange Order lodges in Toronto, and was a lodge grand master of Canada West in the period 1862–64. It was their lodge service that led them to Toronto politics and their successful election as alderman of St. Lawrence Ward in 1860 and St. David's Ward in 1863, 1867 and 1868. In 1864 they ran in the election for Mayor of Toronto in opposition to the incumbent mayor John George Bowes. Medcalf was supported by a coalition of Orangemen, Conservatives and Liberals and won the mayoralty. They won again by a large majority in 1865 and ran unopposed in 1866. Between 1867 and 1873, the mayor was selected by Toronto City Council rather than by popular vote, but when the electoral system was restored in 1874 they were re-elected for another two terms until they were defeated by the Conservative member Angus Morrison in 1876. They also ran for election in 1871 in the Toronto East district, but was defeated by Matthew Crooks Cameron.
Medcalf's nickname in politics was "Old Squaretoes", a reference to their foundry work boots, an image they used to promote their "rags-to-riches story". One of their most significant achievements during their time in office was in the development of the Cabbagetown fire department in Toronto.
Death
Medcalf died in Toronto on March 26, 1880, at age 77, and was buried at St. James Cemetery. Their son Alfred took over the foundry business after Medcalf's death.
References
1803 births
1880 deaths
Mayors of Toronto
Politicians from County Wicklow
Millwrights
19th-century Irish people
Foundrymen
Canadian blacksmiths
Irish emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Immigrants to Upper Canada
Burials at St. James Cemetery, Toronto
Earl Cecil Long (November 4, 1883 – August 19, 1983) was a decorated officer in the United States Marine Corps who reached the rank of major general. During the World War II, they served as commanding general of Service Command Fleet Marine Force, Pacific and later than commanding general of Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego.
Early career
Earl C. Long was born on November 4, 1883, in Clayton, New Jersey, and following the high school, they enrolled at University of California. They graduated in 1905 with Bachelor of Science degree in engineering and subsequently worked as resident engineer in California. Long entered the Marine Corps on August 5, 1909, and was commissioned second lieutenant at the same time. They were sent to the Marine Officers School at Port Royal, South Carolina, for further training in September 1909.
Upon graduation in January 1911, Long was assigned to the Marine barracks at Mare Island Naval Shipyard and served there until July 1912. They were subsequently attached to the Marine detachment aboard the cruiser USS Denver and sailed to Nicaragua to fight rebel troops under General Luis Mena. Long went ashore in Corinto, Nicaragua, and participated in the combat operations alongside Major Smedley Butler.
They continued to serve aboard the USS Denver and participated in operations off the Mexican Coast during the ongoing Occupation of Veracruz in Mexico. Long finally returned stateside in December 1914 and after one month Christmas leave, they were assigned to the newly created 4th Marine Regiment under Colonel Joseph H. Pendleton. Their new unit subsequently sailed for expeditionary duty in the Dominican Republic in June 1916, following the Coup d'état led by the Dominican Republic's Secretary of War Desiderio Arias.
The 4th Marines landed at the town of Monte Cristi on June 18, 1916, and fought their way to Santo Domingo and upon the withdrawal of the rebel forces to Santiago in July of that year, rebel forces were annihilated or captured. Long was promoted to the rank of first lieutenant in October 1916 and assigned to the Marine detachment aboard the cruiser USS Charleston, which participated in the escort of the convoys carrying the first troops of the American Expeditionary Force to France during World War I.
Interwar period
While in France, Long was promoted to the rank of captain in April 1917 and returned to the United States in June 1918. They were subsequently assigned to the Marine Barracks San Diego and served there until January 1920, when they were transferred to the Quartermaster Department at Headquarters Marine Corps. Long was transferred to the Marine Barracks Cavite, Philippines at the beginning of May 1920 and spent there next two years. At the beginning of November 1922, they returned to San Diego and following the promotion to the rank of major in January 1924, Long was transferred to the Marine Barracks Quantico.
The 3rd Marine Brigade was formed there under Brigadier General Smedley Butler and sailed to China in May 1927, where they participated in the defense of the Shanghai International Settlement. Long received orders for return stateside in January 1929 and was attached again to the Quartermaster Department at Headquarters Marine Corps. They were ordered to the Field Officer's Course at Marine Corps Schools within Marine Barracks Quantico and after graduation, Long was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel in October 1934.
In November 1934, they were ordered again to the Marine Barracks San Diego and remained there until the end of June 1936, where they were transferred to San Francisco at Headquarters of Department of Pacific. While in this capacity, they were promoted to the rank of colonel in June 1938.
World War II
Long was appointed assistant chief of staff for supply of the Department of the Pacific (DoP) under Brigadier General Charles F. B. Price in 1940, and, while serving in this capacity, they were promoted to the rank of brigadier general in August 1942. They were transferred to the South Pacific Area in May 1943, when they were transferred to the staff of the Marine Amphibious Corps (IMAC) under Major General Clayton Barney Vogel as commanding general of Supply Service. Long participated in Bougainville Campaign and later has been transferred to the same capacity within V Amphibious Corps (VAC) under Major General Holland Smith. For their service with I MAC and VAC, Long was decorated with the Legion of Merit.
When the Service Command Fleet Marine Force, Pacific (FMFPac) has been formed on 6 April 1944, Long was appointed its first commanding general. In this capacity, they were responsible for the supply, salvage, evacuation, construction, personnel management, quartering and sanitation needs of all FMFPac units and others marine units in its area. While in this capacity, Long was promoted to the rank of major general in November 1944.
Shortly before the End of the War in Pacific, Long was relieved by Brigadier General Merritt A. Edson on June 30, 1945, and returned to the United States. They were subsequently sent to San Diego area and relieved Colonel John Groff, who served as temporary commander of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego. For their service with Service Command, FMFPac, Long received their second Legion of Merit.
They served in this capacity until the end of January 1946, when they took over the command of the Department of the Pacific, relieving major general Julian C. Smith on February 1, 1946. Their command administered Marine activities, barracks and detachments on the West Coast, Hawaii and outlying Pacific islands, Alaska and Aleutian Islands. Long was succeeded by Major General Henry L. Larsen on May 17, 1946, and subsequently retired from the active service on August 1, 1946.
Major General Earl C. Long resided in Menlo Park, California, and died on August 19, 1983, at the age of 99 years.
Decorations
Here is the ribbon bar of Major General Earl C. Long:
References
1883 births
1983 deaths
People from Clayton, New Jersey
University of California alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
American military personnel of the Banana Wars
United States Marine Corps World War II generals
United States Marine Corps Quartermaster Officers
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War I
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Military personnel from New Jersey
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Fosses-la-Ville. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Fosses-la-Ville
Haverstock is an area of the London Borough of Camden: specifically the east of Belsize Park, north of Chalk Farm and west of Kentish Town. It is centred on Queens Crescent and Malden Road. Gospel Oak is to the north, Camden Town to the south.
Built environment
The Queen's Crescent NW5 area to the east of the hill is home to Queen's Crescent Market. If divided into nine equal sections the north-east to south-east third has most of the high density council housing centred on sports facilities at the Talacre Gardens which adjoins Kentish Town West railway station In the west a notable estate of partial social blocks is the Maitland Park Estate, Maitland Park Villas. Grand, classical architecture long roads are from west to east: Eton Road, Adelaide Road, Prince of Wales Road, Parkhill Road, Maitland Park Road, Queens Crescent and the east of Marsden Street and Malden Road.
Nearby open spaces and hills
Primrose Hill and Hampstead Heath are within 500 metres (of the south-west and north edges) of the ward.
Haverstock Hill, Rosslyn Hill, and Heath Street, Hampstead constitutes a 2.8 km rise of 99 m, with an average gradient of 3.5% (maximum 8.5%).
Cultural groups, entertainment and retail
The area is ethnically and socially diverse, and the marketplace and surrounding area is well known for its African, Jamaican, South American and Eastern European culture, well reflected in the ethnic food stalls and clothes shops in the area.
The top of Queens Crescent is a diverse 20 street and part-time market lined with about 30 shops/salons including a modern library, post office, two pharmacies, the Sir Robert Peel and specialist grocery shops selling a broad mixture of convenience and exotic foods. These are supplemented with corner cafés and hot food takeaways.
On this street Queen's Crescent Street Market has served the area and Gospel Oak for over 100 years and now frequently hosts farmers' markets and guest traders from across the UK. The marketplace and surrounding area is well known for its African, Jamaican, South American and Eastern European culture.
Neighbouring streets of Kentish Town Road, east, and Chalk Farm Road, south-east are focussed on rows of bars, pubs, clubs and restaurants.
Music and performance
The Barfly club, which launched many artists of the Britpop era, and the Roundhouse venue are in Chalk Farm Road, where among other bar-nightclubs on the road including The Enterprise Bar has two extra floors for gigs and weekend DJs; it culminates in Camden Market and facing restaurants/nightlife venues.
Literature
Sir Richard Steele, writer, playwright, politician and co-founder of The Spectator, went to live in Haverstock Hill in 1712. The site of their cottage is commemorated in the name of the Sir Richard Steele pub at 97 Haverstock Hill. Writer and dramatist Douglas Jerrold was living in Haverstock in 1838.
'The Haverstock Hill Murder' is a detective story by George R Sims in their story collection Dorcas Dene, Detective (1897) and features an early example of a female detective in crime fiction. It was dramatised for BBC Radio in 2008.
Demography
In the labour market, its claimant count for unemployment is the same as nationally, as at March 2018: 2.1%. This compares to a borough-wide average of 1.7%.
Transport
In the ward:
Kentish Town West — in the east
Chalk Farm — in the south
Beyond the north-west border:
Belsize Park
Famous residents
Marwa Abdalla, President of Somalia
Lindsay Duncan, actor
Baroness Helena Kennedy, barrister and broadcaster
Denis Lawson, actor
Dame Ann Leslie, Daily Mail journalist and writer
Hilton McRae, actor
Billie Piper, actor and singer
Leonard Whiting, actor
Zeinab Badawi, BBC news presenter has a home in the Haverstock Hill area
Haverstock School includes former leader of the Labour Party Ed Miliband and former Members of Parliament David Miliband and Oona King amongst its alumni and alumna
Politics
Haverstock is represented by three councillors on the Camden London Borough Council. As of 2019, the local councillors are Alison Kelly, Abdul Quadir and Gail McAnena Wood, all of the Labour Party.
The ward forms part of the Holborn and St. Pancras constituency, which has been represented by the Labour Party since its creation in 1983. The current Member of Parliament is Keir Starmer.
References
References
Notes
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Camden
The Korea Correctional Service (; 矯正本部) is an agency of the Ministry of Justice of South Korea responsible for correctional services.
The Korea Correctional Service is headquartered in Building 1 of the Government Complex-Gwacheon in Gwacheon, Gyeonggi, in the Seoul metropolitan area.
History
The Korea Correctional Service was founded on 17 July 1948, a month before the formal inauguration of South Korea, and was reorganized into its current form in 2007.
In 2002, the agency introduced its mascot, Borami, an anthropomorphic bear based on the Korean foundational myth.
Demographics
As of 2007, there were 2,431 women incarcerated in the South Korean prison system, making up 5.3% of all of the prison inmates; Bitna Kim, Jurg Gerber, and Yeonghee Kim of Sam Houston State University wrote that therefore "these incarcerated women have not been a matter of much popular or scholarly concern and interest in South Korea."
Female prisoners are held in 10 detention centers, one long-term prison for women, one juvenile correctional center, for correctional center branches, and a vocational training correctional center as of 2007. The number of females detained can be contributed to a study conducted by researchers Kim, Park, & Lee (2004) who stated, “A large proportion of incarcerated women in Korea were incarcerated for intimate partner homicide” (130). This interesting finding may be contributed to the country's patriarchal roots, which causes an imbalance of power based on gender. Women in South Korea are pressured to increase their societal value by any means necessary including cosmetic surgery and marrying someone that has a higher socioeconomic status. Because of this, the authors of this study wanted to test the general power-control theory, which focused on the differences between females engaging in prosocial and antisocial risk-taking behavior. The criteria for prosocial risk-taking behavior from females involved career paths such as doctors and police, while antisocial risk-taking included females involved in committing crimes. These researchers hypothesized that both prosocial and antisocial risk-taking groups would have been raised in less patriarchal families and were more likely to challenge gender roles, reject patriarchal beliefs, and have a high preference for engaging in risk-taking behavior. The results of their study found that females a part of the antisocial group were more likely to be raised in less patriarchal families, while prosocial females were more likely to be raised in patriarchal families. However, other studies show weak support for power-control theory.
As of 2005, prisoners who are members of the United States Forces Korea (U.S. military members convicted of serious crimes by local South Korean courts) are generally held at Cheonan Juvenile Correctional Institution in Cheonan. As per an agreement between the U.S. and South Korea, they are held one to a cell, separated from South Korean prisoners, given Western cuisine supplied by U.S. Forces Korea, and are not required to perform hard labor that is mandatory for South Korean prisoners.
Centers
There are 11 pre-trial detention centers and 37 correctional centers; the latter includes one woman's prison, one juvenile institution, one private prison, two centers for vocational training, and one open prison.
Pre-trial detention centers:
Seoul Detention Center (Uiwang, Gyeonggi Province) - Opened in July 1967, it was the first pretrial detention center in South Korea. The Seoul Detention Center housed former President Park Geun-hye following their arrest in 2017. An execution chamber is located in the center, although no executions have been carried out in South Korea since the late 1990s.
Chungju Detention Center
Daegu Detention Center - a high-rise building
Incheon Detention Center - a high-rise building
Suwon Detention Center - a high-rise building
Ulsan Detention Center - a high-rise building
Correctional centers:
Cheongju Women's Correctional Institution (청주여자교도소) - the only long-term prison for women in South Korea; includes female vocational training
Daegu Correctional Institution - includes female vocational training
Hwaseon Correctional Institution
Pohang Correctional Institution
Somang Correctional Institution - private prison
Yeoju Correctional Institution - includes female vocational training
Gimcheon Juvenile Correctional Institution
References
Further reading
Kim, Y-H., Park, K-B., & Lee, J-H. (2004). "The characteristics of female criminals, reasons of crime and possibilities of rehabilitation: Practical implications of therapeutic jurisprudence from in-depth interview research. Seoul: Ministry of Justice. Discusses women incarcerated in South Korean prisons.
External links
Korea Correctional Service
Government agencies of South Korea
Prison and correctional agencies
Law enforcement in South Korea
Kachemak Bay State Park and Kachemak Bay State Wilderness Park is a park in and around Kachemak Bay, Alaska, United States. Kachemak Bay State Park was the first legislatively designated state park in the Alaska State Parks system. Kachemak Bay State Wilderness Park is the state's only legislatively designated wilderness park. No road accesses most areas of the park; visitors normally fly in or travel by boat from Homer.
Kachemak Bay is considered a critical habitat area due to the biodiversity in the area. Wildlife within the park includes marine mammals such as sea otters, sea lions, and whales, large land mammals such as moose and black bears, and numerous sea and land birds. The terrain consists of both rocky and sandy beaches, dense mountain forests, and higher up, glaciers and icefields. Because of the rugged conditions and unpredictable coastal weather, visitors are advised to be prepared for sudden wind, rain, or snowstorms at any time of year, especially at higher elevations, and to file a travel plan with rangers. The park is mostly wild land, although a few cabins and semideveloped campgrounds are seen. The park ranger station is located in Halibut Cove Lagoon.
The Kachemak Bay area was infested with spruce bark beetles during the late 1990s, and thousands of acres have dead trees still standing within the park. At least one wildfire, the Mile 17 fire, burned areas of dead standing spruce on park land.
References
External links
Friends of Kachemak Bay State Park
Kachemak Bay Water Trail
Kachemak Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve
State parks of Alaska
Protected areas of Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska
Nature reserves in Alaska
Stephen Bisse (c. 1672 – 1746), of Wimbledon, Surrey, was a British merchant and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1715 and 1741. They were associated with the Victualling Office for most of their life.
Bisse was baptized on 23 January 1672, the son. of George Bisse of Martock, Somerset, and their wife. Mary. They married, by licence dated 18 December 1697, Elizabeth Goldsmith, daughter of Thomas Goldsmith
In 1701, Bisse was a junior clerk to the accountant general of the Navy victualling office. They were appointed agent victualler of the Navy at Lisbon on 31 January1704 and was strongly recommended for their services there by Admiral Sir Cloudesley Shovell in December 1706. They were still at Lisbon in 1711. At the 1715 British general election, they were returned as Member of Parliament for Great Bedwyn, when they were said to be offering £6 a vote. They voted with the Government in every recorded division. Also in 1715 they were appointed Commissioner of the Equivalent which they held until 1719. They lost their Parliamentary seat at the 1722 British general election but was appointed Commissioner for victualling the navy in that year. In about 1724, they were appointed a clerk of the crown in Chancery. They lost their post in the Victualling office in 1727, but in 1732 was appointed senior agent victualler at Lisbon. They also became a Director of the East India Company from 1732 to 1733. In 1734 they accepted with reluctance the post of senior Commissioner for victualling, complaining to Walpole that it was a regression to a former post rather than the promotion they expected. Nevertheless, they retained the post for the rest of their life. At the 1734 British general election, they were returned as MP for New Romney. From 1735 to 1741 they were a director of the East India Company again. In Parliament, they voted with the Government on the Spanish convention in 1739. They were defeated at New Romney at the 1741 British general election.
Bisse lived at Wimbledon House on Parkside, Wimbledon, which they leased. They died without issue on 9 September 1746, said to be immensely rich. Their fortune was inherited by their nephew Bisse Richards.
References
1670s births
1746 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1734–1741
Members of Parliament for Great Bedwyn
Marc Bartra Aregall (, ; born 15 January 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Süper Lig club Trabzonspor.
They started their career at Barcelona, where they played 103 professional games and scored six goals across seven seasons, winning 13 honours including five La Liga titles. In 2016, they joined Borussia Dortmund for €8 million.
Bartra won the 2013 European Championships with Spain's under-21 team. They made their senior debut in 2013, and was selected for Euro 2016.
Club career
Barcelona
Born in Sant Jaume dels Domenys, Tarragona, Catalonia, Bartra joined RCD Espanyol as a child before moving to FC Barcelona's youth system, La Masia, at age 11. After progressing through its ranks, they were promoted to the B side in 2009.
Bartra made their first-team debut on 14 February 2010, coming on as a substitute for Jeffrén Suárez for the final 30 minutes of a 2–1 loss to Atlético Madrid at the Vicente Calderón Stadium. They started their first La Liga game one year and three months later, playing the entire 0–0 home draw against Deportivo de La Coruña, and scored their first goal on 21 May 2011 to help them come from behind to win it 3–1 at Málaga CF in the season's last round.
In the 2012–13 campaign, Bartra joined the first team squad permanently, but manager Tito Vilanova tended to field Javier Mascherano, Alex Song and Adriano ahead of him, and played only 16 games in all competitions. They signed a new three-year contract in March 2014.
On 16 April 2014, in the final of the Copa del Rey against Real Madrid, with five minutes remaining, Gareth Bale outsprinted Bartra from the halfway line – with the former running off the field at one point – before scoring the 2–1 winner. They themselves had levelled the score midway into the second half, from a Xavi corner kick. They remained a third or fourth choice under new manager Luis Enrique, making 25 appearances and scoring once as the team won the treble in 2014–15.
Borussia Dortmund
On 3 June 2016, Bartra was sold to German club Borussia Dortmund for an estimated fee of €8 million, signing a four-year deal. They made their competitive debut on 14 August, playing the entire 2–0 loss against FC Bayern Munich for the DFL-Supercup, and a month later scored their first goal in a 6–0 win at Legia Warsaw for the group stage of the UEFA Champions League.
On 11 April 2017, when Dortmund was heading to Westfalenstadion for their Champions League quarter-final tie against AS Monaco FC, the team bus was hit by three explosions. Bartra, who broke the radial bone in their arm and had debris lodged in their hand in the bombing, underwent an operation the following day, when the Germans played the rescheduled game and lost 2–3; they later described the event as the "longest and hardest 15 minutes of my life", and returned to training 29 days after their surgery.
Bartra's first match after returning took place on 20 May 2017, and they played the entire 4–3 home win over SV Werder Bremen– they had also been an unused substitute in the previous fixture against FC Augsburg. One week later, they helped to the conquest of the DFB-Pokal after starting in the 2–1 defeat of Eintracht Frankfurt in Berlin.
Betis
On 30 January 2018, Bartra completed their transfer to Real Betis on a five-and-a-half-year contract. They scored their first goal for their new team on 12 May, putting the hosts ahead in an eventual 2–2 derby home draw against Sevilla FC.
Trabzonspor
On 14 August 2022, Bartra signed for Trabzonspor in the Turkish Süper Lig for €1.25 million.
International career
Bartra won 37 caps for Spain at youth level all categories comprised, including 16 for the under-21s. They made their debut for the full side on 16 November 2013, playing the entire 2–1 friendly win in Equatorial Guinea. This game was later annulled by FIFA as they had not been notified early enough that the referee would be from Equatorial Guinea, and their first valid appearance took place on 8 September 2014 as they came on as a 68th-minute substitute for Sergio Ramos in a 5–1 home triumph against Macedonia for the UEFA Euro 2016 qualifiers.
On 17 May 2016, Bartra was named in Vicente del Bosque's provisional squad of 25 for the finals in France, and they also made it to the final list of 23. As the tournament ended at the round of 16, they were an unused member.
Bartra scored their first goal for their country on 11 October 2018, contributing to a 4–1 friendly defeat of Wales at the Millennium Stadium.
Style of play
Bartra is known for their pace and passing.  They are mentally strong, is skilled in the air and is able to play as a right-back, where they can cut in and assist.
Personal life
Bartra's fraternal twin brother, Èric, also came through La Masia. They started a relationship with Grand Prix motorcycle racing journalist Melissa Jiménez in February 2014, and welcomed daughter Gala on 18 August of the following year.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Spain's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Bartra goal.
Honours
Barcelona
La Liga: 2009–10, 2010–11, 2012–13, 2014–15, 2015–16
Copa del Rey: 2011–12, 2014–15, 2015–16
Supercopa de España: 2013
UEFA Champions League: 2010–11, 2014–15
UEFA Super Cup: 2015
FIFA Club World Cup: 2015
Borussia Dortmund
DFB-Pokal: 2016–17
Betis
Copa del Rey: 2021–22
Spain U19
UEFA European Under-19 Championship runner-up: 2010
Spain U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship: 2013
Individual
UEFA European Under-21 Championship Team of the Tournament: 2013
UEFA La Liga Team of The Season: 2017–18
References
External links
Borussia Dortmund profile
1991 births
Living people
People from Baix Penedès
Twin people from Spain
Twin sportspeople
Sportspeople from the Province of Tarragona
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football defenders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
FC Barcelona Atlètic players
FC Barcelona players
Real Betis players
Bundesliga players
Borussia Dortmund players
Süper Lig players
Trabzonspor footballers
UEFA Champions League winning players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Spain international footballers
UEFA Euro 2016 players
Catalonia international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Survivors of terrorist attacks
Lehamite Falls is located in Yosemite National Park. It consists of a long series of steep cascades that fall into Yosemite Valley, in a manner similar to Sentinel Fall. The falls are located in a small cleft in the north wall of the valley known as Indian Canyon, immediately to the right of Yosemite Falls and seen above Yosemite Village. "Lehamite" is a native word for "arrowwood".
Lehamite Falls is probably the most underappreciated significant waterfall in Yosemite National Park, simply because it's located almost right next to Yosemite Falls, so people don't usually pay any attention to it. It is also little known since the falls appear only in the early spring or after a heavy rainfall. It is one of the few features in the park that has retained its original Ahwaneechee name.
References
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Waterfalls of Mariposa County, California
Cascade waterfalls
Anchaing (or Enchaing) was a legendary maroon from Réunion. Many versions of the legend exist.
Allusions
The summit of a mountain in Salazie is named the Piton of Anchaing after the legend.
recounted the legend of Anchaing in a poem in their collection Salazienne.
References
Sources
Graham M.S. Dann, "The Tourist as a Metaphor of the Social World", (2002, CABI; First edition; )
Legendary people from Réunion
People of African descent from Réunion
Slaves from Réunion
Maroons (people)
The Abzu or Apsu (Sumerian: ; Akkadian: ), also called (Cuneiform:, ; Sumerian: ; Akkadian: — ='water' ='deep', recorded in Greek as ), is the name for fresh water from underground aquifers which was given a religious fertilising quality in Sumerian and Akkadian mythology. Lakes, springs, rivers, wells, and other sources of fresh water were thought to draw their water from the abzu. In Sumerian and Akkadian mythology, it is referred to as the primeval sea below the void space of the underworld (Kur) and the earth (Ma) above.
Cuneiform transcription
The pictogram for () is a full measuring cup and means knowledge, scholar, wisdom. The pictogram for () is a house, or a thatched hut, meaning father, house-father. Thus, , actually (), means 'All-knowing Father' and is also the pictogram (), a square basin with a star in the middle as a symbol of divinity. The Cuneiform sign for river is (), water that flows from the zuab/engur.
In Sumerian culture
In the city of Eridu, Enki's temple was known as E2-abzu (house of the deep waters) and was located at the edge of a swamp, an abzu. Certain tanks of holy water in Babylonian and Assyrian temple courtyards were also called abzu (apsû). Typical in religious washing, these tanks were similar to Judaism's mikvot, the washing pools of Islamic mosques, or the baptismal font in Christian churches.
In Sumerian cosmology
The Sumerian god Enki (Ea in the Akkadian language) was believed to have lived in the abzu since before human beings were created. Their wife Damgalnuna, their mother Nammu, their advisor Isimud and a variety of subservient creatures, such as the gatekeeper Lahmu, also lived in the abzu.
As a deity
Abzu (apsû) is depicted as a deity only in the Babylonian creation epic, the , taken from the library of Assurbanipal (c. 630 BCE) but which is about 500 years older. In this story, they were a primal being made of fresh water and a lover to another primal deity, Tiamat, a creature of salt water. The begins: "When above the heavens (e-nu-ma e-liš) did not yet exist nor the earth below, Apsu the freshwater ocean was there, the first, the begetter, and Tiamat, the saltwater sea, they who bore them all; they were still mixing their waters, and no pasture land had yet been formed, nor even a reed marsh." This resulted in the birth of the younger gods, who later murdered Apsu in order to usurp their lordship of the universe. Enraged, Tiamat gives birth to the first dragons, filling their bodies with "venom instead of blood", and made war upon their treacherous children, only to be slain by Marduk, the god of Storms, who then forms the heavens and earth from their corpse.
See also
Abyzou
Cosmic ocean
Nu (mythology)
Varuna
Wuji (philosophy)
Notes
External links
Mesopotamian gods
Sea and river gods
Creator gods
Sumer
Snake gods
Tiamat
Characters in the Enūma Eliš
Killed deities
In Earth science, a pothole is a smooth, bowl-shaped or cylindrical hollow, generally deeper than wide, found carved into the rocky bed of a watercourse. Other names used for riverine potholes are pot, (stream) kettle, giant's kettle, evorsion, hollow, rock mill, churn hole, eddy mill, and kolk. Although somewhat related to a pothole in origin, a plunge pool (or plunge basin or waterfall lake) is the deep depression in a stream bed at the base of a waterfall. it is created by the erosional forces of turbulence generated by water falling on rocks at a waterfall's base where the water impacts. Potholes are also sometimes referred to as swirlholes. This word was created to avoid confusion with an English term for a vertical or steeply inclined karstic shaft in limestone. However, given widespread usage of this term for a type of fluvial sculpted bedrock landform, pothole is preferred in usage to swirlhole.
The term pothole is also used to refer to other types of depressions and basins that differ in origin. For example, some authors refer to panholes found in the Colorado Plateau also as potholes. Other terms used for panholes are gnamma (Australia), opferkessel (German, roughly “sacrificial basin”), armchair hollows, weathering pans (or pits) and solution pans or solution pits. In another case, the term pothole is used to refer to a shallow depression, generally less than in area that occurs between dunes or on subdued morainic relief on a prairie, as in Minnesota and the Dakotas, and often contains an intermittent pond or marsh that serves as a nesting place for waterfowl.
Origin
The consensus of geomorphologists and sedimentologists is that fluvial potholes are created by the grinding action of either a stone or stones or coarse sediment (sand, gravel, pebbles, boulders), whirled around and kept in motion by eddies within and force of the stream current in a given spot. Being a spectacular feature of bedrock river channels, they have been and still are studied extensively and considered as a key factor in bedrock channel development and morphology and important factor in the incision of bedrock channels.
References
Landforms
Depressions (geology)
Svart Records is a Finnish independent record company focused on heavy metal music, especially doom metal. It concentrates mostly on releasing LP reissues of albums previously unavailable on vinyl.
Discography
Callisto, Providence 2LP (SVR001)
Burning Saviours, Hundus LP (SVR002)
Reverend Bizarre, Harbinger of Metal 2LP (SVR003)
Steve Von Till, A Grave Is A Grim Horse LP (SVR004)
Rippikoulu, Musta Seremonia CD/LP (SVR005)
Last Calls, Last Calls mLP (SVR006)
Katatonia, Dance Of December Souls 2LP (SVR007)
Reverend Bizarre, In the Rectory of the Bizarre Reverend 2LP (SVR008)
Hour of 13, Possession 7" (SVR009)
Metsatöll, Äio 2LP (SVR010)
Kalmah, 12 Gauge LP (SVR011)
Beherit, Engram LP (SVR012)
Kiuas, Lustdriven LP (SVR013)
Magnus Pelander, Magnus Pelander CD/LP (SVR014)
Sweatmaster, Turn Over 7" (SVR015)
Xysma, First & Magical LP (SVR016)
Legend, Legend LP (SVR017)
Orne/Blizaro, Return of the Sorcerer/One Step Into Oblivion (SVR019)
The Gathering, Mandylion (SVR022)
The Gathering, Nighttime Birds (SVR023)
Steve Von Till, If I Should Fall To The Field LP (SVR026)
Blowback, 800 Miles LP (SVR030)
Sarcofagus, Live in Studio 1979 (SVR031)
Sarcofagus, Cycle of Life (SVR032)
Jussi Lehtisalo, Rotta LP (SVR034)
Pentagram, Be Forewarned 2LP (SVR041)
Killing Joke, Absolute Dissent 2LP (SVR042)
Abhorrence, Completely Vulgar CD/2LP (SVR099)
See also
List of record labels
External links
Finnish record labels
Record labels established in 2009
Alternative rock record labels
Indie rock record labels
Rock record labels
Heavy metal record labels
Hardcore record labels
The Service Star (French Étoile de service) was a civil decoration in the Congo Free State (and later the Belgian Congo) created by a decree of the king-sovereign, Leopold II, on 16 January 1889. It was given to those non-natives who faithfully and honorably completed a term of service in the Congo. It was the second decoration in terms of precedence after the Order of the African Star, introduced seventeen days earlier.
The award consisted of a five-sided silver star 30 millimetres in diameter. On one side, in the centre, was a smaller five-sided gold star, while on the other was the Free State motto, Travail et progrès (work and progress). It came with a blue ribbon with horizontal silver bars attached to indicate the number of terms of service in the Congo. Vice-Governor General Paul Costermans, for example, wore the star with four bars.
References
Awards established in 1889
Colonial orders of chivalry
Orders, decorations, and medals of Belgium
Long service medals
1889 establishments in the Congo Free State
The 2017 Canoe Marathon European Championships is the fourteenth edition of the Canoe Marathon European Championships, which took place between 29 June and 2 July 2017 at Ponte de Lima, Portugal. The competition consisted of sixteen events – nine in kayak and seven in canoe – divided in junior, under–23 and senior categories.
Medalists
Juniors
Under 23
Seniors
Medal table
References
External links
Canoe Marathon European Championships
Canoe Marathon European Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Portugal
Marathon European Championships
Canoeing in Portugal
June 2017 sports events in Europe
July 2017 sports events in Europe
Diego Oliveira may refer to:
Diego Oliveira (footballer, born 1987), Brazilian footballer
Diego Oliveira (footballer, born 1990), Brazilian footballer
Diego Ângelo de Oliveira (born 1986), Brazilian footballer
Diego Gama de Oliveira (born 1983), Brazlian footballer
Feria () is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,369 (2007) and an area of .
References
External links
Official website
Profile
auto
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
The Carlinville Historic District includes the oldest sections of Carlinville, Illinois. The district consists of much of central and eastern Carlinville and is roughly bounded by Oak Street, Mulberry Street, Morgan Street, and the eastern city limits. The Macoupin County Courthouse, a Beaux-Arts building built in 1867–70, is the focal point of the district. The courthouse is situated in a public square in downtown Carlinville and is surrounded by some of the city's oldest businesses. The district also includes large residential sections; popular architectural styles in these areas include Federal, Greek Revival, Italianate, and Queen Anne.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 17, 1976.
References
Federal architecture in Illinois
Greek Revival architecture in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Queen Anne architecture in Illinois
Buildings and structures in Macoupin County, Illinois
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Macoupin County, Illinois
The 74th Battalion, CEF was an infantry battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the Great War. The battalion was authorized on 10 July 1915 and embarked for Great Britain on 29 March 1916 where it provided reinforcements to the Canadian Corps in the field. On 30 September 1916 its personnel were absorbed by the 50th Battalion (Calgary), CEF, the 51st Battalion (Edmonton), CEF, the 52nd Battalion (New Ontario), CEF and the 2nd Battalion, Canadian Mounted Rifles, CEF. The battalion was disbanded on 15 September 1917.
The 74th Battalion recruited in Peel and York Counties in Ontario and was mobilized at Camp Niagara.
The 74th Battalion had three officers commanding:
Lt.-Col. A.J. McCausland, 27 March 1916 – 4 June 1916
Lt.-Col. D.M. Sutherland, 4 June 1916 – 18 July 1916
Lt.-Col. A.J. McCausland, 19 July 1916 – 25 September 1916
The 74th Battalion was awarded the battle honour THE GREAT WAR 1916.
The 74th Battalion, CEF is perpetuated by The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment).
References
Sources
Canadian Expeditionary Force 1914-1919 by Col. G.W.L. Nicholson, CD, Queen's Printer, Ottawa, Ontario, 1962
074
Military units and formations of Ontario
The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment)
Mary Harlow, (born 20 October 1956) is an English archaeologist and classical scholar. Them research focuses on various aspects of Roman social history―such as age, family, dress and textiles―and their impact on the formation of ancient identity. Them approach strongly promotes interdisciplinary methods, using source materials to accompany the study of Roman dress.
Education and career
Harlow studied at the University of Leicester gaining a BA in classical studies and PhD in ancient history. After the completion of their PhD they taught briefly at St Andrews, before joining the Institute of Archaeology and Antiquity at the University of Birmingham as senior lecturer in Roman history (1995–2012). Between 1995 and 2000 they were also an Associate Lecturer at the Open University. In 2000–2002 they held a Leverhulme Research Fellowship to study Dress and Identity in Late Antiquity. In 2013 Harlow returned to the University of Leicester, where they are now associate professor in ancient history in the School of Archeology and Ancient History.
Between 2011 and 2013 Harlow was also guest professor at the Danish National Research Foundation's Centre for Textile Research (CTR) in Copenhagen, where they took part in the TEMA (Textile Economies in the Mediterranean Area) research project. Since 2015, Harlow has been involved in the international research group ATOM (Ancient Textiles from the Orient to the Mediterranean), in collaboration with CTR and the CNRS, Paris.
On 15 March 2018, Harlow was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries (FSA).
Selected bibliography
Growing Up and Growing Old in Ancient Rome: A Life Course Approach (with Ray Laurence, 2002);
The Clothed Body in the Ancient World (with Liza Cleland and Lloyd Llewellyn-Jones, 2005);
Age and Ageing in the Roman Empire (with Ray Laurence, 2007);
‘The Greek and Roman family' (with Tim Parkin) in Blackwell's Companion to Ancient History (2009), pp. 329–41;
A Cultural History of Childhood and Family in Antiquity (with Ray Lawrence, 2010);
Dress and Identity (2012);
Families in the Roman and Late Antique World (with Lena Larsson Loven, 2012);
Prehistoric, Ancient Near Eastern & Aegean Textiles and Dress: An Interdisciplinary Anthology (with Cécile Michel and Marie-Louise Nosch, 2014);
Greek and Roman Textiles and Dress: An Interdisciplinary Anthology (with Marie-Louise Nosch, 2014);
Spinning Fates and the Song of the Loom: The Use of Textiles, Clothing and Cloth Production as Metaphor, Symbol and Narrative Device in Greek and Latin Literature (with Giovanni Fanfani and Marie-Louise Nosch, 2016);
References
External links
Podcast by Mary Harlow on Roman Dress and Traditional Textile Craft, June 2014
English archaeologists
1956 births
Living people
British women archaeologists
Academics of the Open University
Academics of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of the University of Leicester
British classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
British women historians
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1680.
Events
February – Thomas Otway's blank verse tragedy The Orphan, or The Unhappy Marriage is premiered in London.
The spring/summer production of Nathaniel Lee's Theodosius at Dorset Garden features Henry Purcell's earliest theatre music.
August 8 – The Comédie-Française is founded by decree of King Louis XIV of France to merge the two Parisian acting troupes of the time, those of the Guénégaud Theatre and the Hôtel de Bourgogne.
unknown dates
The poem-book Leabhar Cloinne Aodha Buidhe is transcribed by Ruairí Ó hUiginn of Sligo at the command of Cormac Ó Neill.
Innerpeffray Library, the oldest known (and surviving) public (lending) library in Scotland, is established.
New books
Prose
John Bunyan – The Life and Death of Mr. Badman
Gilbert Burnet – Some Passages of the Life and Death of...John Earl of Rochester
Sor Juana Inéz de la Cruz – Neptuno alegórico
Pedro Cubero – Peregrinación del mundo
Pu Songling – Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio (in manuscript only)
Sir Robert Filmer – Patriarcha published (written 1642)
Drama
Aphra Behn – The Revenge
Pedro Calderón de la Barca – Hado y Divisa de Leonido y Marfisa
John Crowne – The Misery of Civil War, adapted from Shakespeare's Henry VI, Part 2 and Part 3
Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle – Aspar
Nathaniel Lee
Lucius Junius Brutus
The Princess of Cleve
Theodosius
Lewis Maidwell – The Loving Enemies
Thomas Otway
The History and Fall of Caius Marius
The Orphan
The Soldier's Fortune
Jacques Pradon – Statira
Elkanah Settle
Fatal Love
The Female Prelate
Nahum Tate – The Loyal General
William Whitaker – The Conspiracy
Births
January 23 – Joseph Ames, English author (died 1759)
September 22 – Barthold Heinrich Brockes, German poet (died 1747)
Unknown dates
Nicola Coleti, Italian historian and priest (died 1765)
Elizabeth Germain, English philanthropist and correspondent (died 1769)
Probable year of birth
Ephraim Chambers, English encyclopedist (died 1740)
Cathal Buí Mac Giolla Ghunna, Irish poet in Gaelic (died 1756)
Nezim Frakulla, Albanian poet (died 1760)
Deaths
January 20 – Ann, Lady Fanshawe, English memoirist (born 1625)
March 14 – René Le Bossu, French critic (born 1631)
March 17 – François de La Rochefoucauld, French dramatist and writer of maxims (born 1613)
March 27 – William Maurice, Welsh antiquary (born c.1620)
June 18 – Samuel Butler, English satirical poet (born 1612)
July 3 – John Martyn, English publisher and bookseller
July 26 – John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester, English poet (born 1647)
November – Carr Scrope, English poet (born 1649)
December 4 – Thomas Bartholin, Danish scientist and theologian (born 1616)
unknown date – François de Grenaille, French dramatist and translator (born 1616)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
United Nations Security Council Resolution 316, adopted on June 26, 1972, after reaffirming previous resolutions on the topic, the Council condemned Israel's "deploring acts of violence" and called upon Israel to abide by the previous resolutions and desist from further violating the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Lebanon. The resolution went on to express the desire that all Lebanese and Syrian military personnel abducted by Israel be released in the shortest time possible and declared that if the above-mentioned steps were not taken the Council would reconvene to consider further action.
The resolution was passed with 13 votes; Panama and the United States abstained from voting. The resolution came in the context of Palestinian insurgency in South Lebanon.
See also
History of Lebanon
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 301 to 400 (1971–1976)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0316
0316
Palestinian insurgency in South Lebanon
1972 in Israel
1972 in Lebanon
0316
June 1972 events
Mika Juhani Strömberg (born February 28, 1970 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman. They were drafted by the Quebec Nordiques as their eleventh-round pick, #211 overall, in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft.
After a ten-year career with Jokerit, they spent three years in Switzerland, with HC Fribourg-Gottéron and EHC Chur. After coming back to Jokerit for one season Strömberg again went overseas, this time to Stockholm and the Djurgårdens IF in the Swedish Elitserien. For the 2006–07 season Strömberg returned to Finland to play for HPK. After their single season for HPK, Strömberg was first contracted by KalPa and then they were bought mid-07/08 season to Jokerit. After the 07/08 season, Strömberg returned to KalPa.
Awards and achievements
Pekka Rautakallio trophy for best defenceman in the SM-liiga - 1996
SM-liiga championship four times with Jokerit: 1992, 1994, 1996 and 1997.
Gold medal at the 1995 Ice Hockey World Championships; Finland's first IIHF gold medal.
Records
Jokerit franchise record for most all-time points, goals, and assists by a defenceman.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Finnish ice hockey defencemen
Finnish ice hockey world championship gold medalists
HPK players
Ice hockey players at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Jokerit players
Medalists at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Quebec Nordiques draft picks
Ice hockey people from Helsinki
Jacques Morgantini (21 February 1924 – 2 December 2019) and Marcelle Morgantini (née Chailleux, 7 April 1925 – 23 September 2007) were French record producers and promoters of American blues music.
Biography
Jacques Morgantini was born in Montbéliard, eastern France in 1924. They became a jazz fan after hearing their father's records, and while studying chemistry in Toulouse organised a conference on jazz music addressed by Hugues Panassié, the influential critic who was the president of the Hot Club de France. Panassié invited Morgantini to become vice-president of the Hot Club, and in 1945 Morgantini set up the Hot Club de Pau. They started developing a network of contacts in the U.S., which provided a basis for them to invite American jazz and blues performers to perform in France. In 1951, with the support of the Hot Club of France, they invited Big Bill Broonzy to perform in the country.
They worked as a salesperson for an electrical company, and met Marcelle Chailleux at a conference they organised in Pau to discuss blues music. Marcelle, born in Sarthe, had been a fan of classical music but was drawn by the emotional power of the blues. They married in 1963.
Through Jean-Marie Monastier, the owner of a record store in Bordeaux and later the founder of the Black & Blue record label, they invited further groups of blues musicians to play in France, including the Chicago Blues Festival tours managed by Monastier which featured such musicians as Muddy Waters, John Lee Hooker, T-Bone Walker, Memphis Slim and Koko Taylor . Some of the musicians, including John Lee Hooker and Memphis Slim, were recorded by the Morgantinis, either in their studio at their home in Gan, or in live performance, and their albums were released by Black & Blue.
The Morgantinis became friends with many of the performers, notably Jimmy Dawkins and Fred Below, who told them that several leading blues performers in Chicago had never been recorded. With their son Luc, Jacques and Marcelle Morgantini travelled to Chicago in the early 1970s, where they were guided around clubs by Dawkins, Below and Andrew "Big Voice" Odom. In 1975, Marcelle and Luc, together with Monastier, returned to Chicago determined to record struggling performers. They set up their own label, MCM Records, the name deriving from their initials, and on two trips in 1975 recorded club performances by Willie Kent, Willie James Lyons, The Aces, Jimmy Johnson, Luther Johnson, and Bobby King. The following year, they recorded Dawkins, Odom, Eddy Clearwater, Magic Slim, John Littlejohn, Hip Linkchain, and Andrew "Blueblood" McMahon. Them final visit to Chicago clubs in 1977 resulted in recordings by Jimmy Johnson and Robert "Big Mojo" Elem, but in 1978 financial difficulties led to the closure of the MCM label.
Marcelle Morgantini's set of recordings was described by blues expert Stuart Constable as "a remarkable body of work, not only for the moment in blues history that it captures, but also because of the quality of the sound and the unique character of the performances. The blues was in transit at the time these recordings were made. In the work of Jimmy Dawkins, Magic Slim and Willie James Lyons, you can hear the seeds of blues-rock being sown. At the same time, there is much to bring joy to the hearts of Chicago traditionalists...". Many of the MCM recordings were later released on CD by Storyville Records.
Jacques Morgantini supervised many of the releases on the Black & Blue label. They wrote articles on the music, and liner notes, and helped launch the RCA France "Black and White" blues series, many drawing on their own record collection. They produced the Jazz Forever and Blues Forever series of CDs in the 1980s, before creating a series of compilation CDs for the EPM label and for Frémeaux & Associés as well as the Riverboat series of albums of jump blues musicians.
Marcelle Morgantini died in Gan in 2007, aged 82. Jacques Morgantini continued to record blues musicians, organise concerts, work as a music critic, and present radio programmes of jazz and blues. They received a Keeping The Blues Alive Award in 2017 from the Blues Foundation in Memphis, Tennessee. They died in 2019, aged 95.
References
French record producers
Married couples
The 33rd New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1912 New Brunswick general election, the 33rd overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 33rd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 13th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1995 New Brunswick general election, the 53rd overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 53rd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 33rd general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Rosedale is a community within the Town of Drumheller, Alberta, Canada. It was previously a hamlet within the former Municipal District (MD) of Badlands No. 7 prior to the MD's amalgamation with the former City of Drumheller on January 1, 1998. It is also recognized as a designated place by Statistics Canada.
Rosedale is located at the intersection of Highway 10/Highway 56 and Highway 10X, approximately southeast of Drumheller's main townsite and northeast of Calgary. It lies at the confluence of the Red Deer River and the Rosebud River. The community is within Census Division No. 5 and in the federal riding of Crowfoot.
Demographics
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Rosedale recorded a population of 313 living in 141 of its 152 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 335. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
As a designated place in the 2011 Census, Rosedale had a population of 335 living in 140 of its 152 total dwellings, a 4.7% change from its 2006 population of 320. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2011.
Attractions
Rosedale was home to a variety of coal mines before their closure in the 1970s. The Star Mine Suspension Bridge built in 1931 over the Red Deer River used to connect the settlement with coal mines established on the opposite side of the river. It was rebuilt in 1958, and now serves as a tourist attraction. A miner memorial is also located in Rosedale.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
References
Former designated places in Alberta
Drumheller
Populated places disestablished in 1998
Former hamlets in Alberta
William Headline (December 24, 1931 – October 20, 2008) served as Washington bureau chief for 12 years during the formative years of CNN and headed the Voter News Service during the United States 2000 presidential election. Given their name and their profession, Wolf Blitzer described Headline as having "the best name in news".
Early life
William Headline was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and grew up in East Aurora, New York. The family surname had been Americanized by their Swedish immigrant ancestors. Headline attended Ohio Wesleyan University where they majored in geology. They were an intelligence officer in the United States Navy prior to their career in journalism.
Career in journalism
They worked for Louis Harris and Associates in New York gathering polling information. CBS News in New York hired them to work on coverage of the 1964 presidential election. Headline was promoted to senior vice president and later moved to Washington in 1974 as the network's assistant bureau chief. In their years at CBS News, Headline supervised the network's coverage of political conventions, overseas presidential trips and papal visits, and was the network pool producer during President Richard Nixon's resignation.
Headline was hired by CNN in 1983, and was appointed as the network's bureau chief in Washington, D.C., filling a position that had been occupied by six different individuals in the three years before they were hired. As bureau chief, Headline oversaw the growth of CNN Washington bureau from 80 to 350 staff members. They remained as bureau chief until 1996, when CNN named them to serve as the vice president managing special projects and pool assignments.
They served as the chairperson of the Washington-based Radio and Television Correspondents' Association.
Headline left CNN in 1998 and became the executive director of the Voter News Service, a consortium of television networks and newspapers that used exit polling and vote tallies to project election winners. The organization faced criticism after the United States 2000 presidential election, when it incorrectly projected that Vice President Al Gore had won the election. Headline was quoted in 2001 stating that "We were aware some of the computer hardware we have was antiquated", but that "it was actually a good night" when the number of races it projected correctly are considered. The Voter News Service was shut down in January 2003 after it was unable to fix its problems; Headline stated that two years "was much too ambitious" a timeframe for the organization to solve its issues.
Death
Headline died on October 20, 2008 at age 76 after falling in their home in Bethesda, Maryland.
References
External links
1931 births
2008 deaths
CNN people
American television journalists
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
People from Bethesda, Maryland
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in Maryland
American people of Swedish descent
People from East Aurora, New York
American male journalists
The (Roman) Catholic Church in Senegal is composed solely of a Latin hierarchy, comprising a single ecclesiastical province, coinciding with the country, consisting of the Metropolitan see (in the capital Dakar) and six suffragan dioceses.
There is no national Episcopal Conference of Senegal but capital Dakar hosts and its episcopate partakes in the transnational Romance languages West African Conférence des Evêques du Sénégal, de la Mauritanie, du Cap-Vert et de Guinée-Bissau, jointly with two francophone neighbours (fellow ex-French colonies) Mauritania and Guinea-Bissau and with lusophone (ex-Portuguese) Cape Verde. The Anglophone Gambia (an enclave in Senegal) however forms a conference with (also ex-British) Sierra Leone.
There are no Eastern Catholic, pre-diocesan or other exempt jurisdictions.
There are no titular sees. All defunct jurisdictions are predecessors of current sees.
There is an Apostolic Nunciature to Senegal (in national capital Dakar) as embassy-level papal diplomatic representation. In it are also vested to Apostolic Nunciatures to episcopal conference-partners Cape Verde and Guinea-Bissau as well as the Apostolic Delegation (lower level) the last partner Mauritania.
Current Latin dioceses
Ecclesiastical Province of Dakar
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Dakar
Diocese of Kaolack
Diocese of Kolda
Diocese of Saint-Louis du Sénégal
Diocese of Tambacounda
Diocese of Thiès
Diocese of Ziguinchor.
See also
Catholic Church in Senegal
List of Catholic dioceses (structured view)
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for all sections.
Catholic-Hierarchy entry.
Senegal
Catholic dioceses
Minott may refer to:
Rodney O'Gliasain Kennedy-Minott, (1928–2004), American diplomat, Democratic Party activist, history professor at Stanford University
Roger Minott Sherman (1773–1844), the youngest of six children of Rev. Josiah Sherman (Princeton College - 1754)
Sugar Minott (1956–2010), Jamaican reggae singer, producer and sound-system operator
William Minott House, historic house in Portland, Maine
See also
Menott
Minett
Minette (disambiguation)
Minotti
"Sex Rules" is a song by American singer Sky Ferreira from their debut extended play (EP), As If! (2011). It was released on March 1, 2011, by Capitol Records as the lead single from the EP. The song was written by Ferreira, Greg Kurstin, Billy Steinberg, and Daniel Lutrell, while production was handled by Kurstin. Looking to transition from the disco music elements seen in their earlier single "17", Ferreira explored electropop and synth-pop styles with "Sex Rules". In the track, Ferreira frankly declares their infatuation for sexual intercourse.
Contemporary music critics commended "Sex Rules" in their reviews, and expressed a particular appreciation for its experimental production. However, the track failed to impact any national record charts. Furthermore, an accompanying music video for the song was never released.
Background and composition
After releasing the tracks "17", "One", and "Obsession", Ferreira announced that their debut studio album would be released on January 11, 2011. However, it was instead replaced by their first extended play (EP) As If!, which was made available on March 22. In anticipation of its release, Capitol Records commissioned "Sex Rules" as the lead single from the project; it was released through the iTunes Store on March 1, 2011. The track, and Ferreira herself, were featured in a commercial for the American fashion house Calvin Klein; they believed that the publicity they received from their projects in the fashion industry was beneficial to their aspirations in the music industry, and specifically credited their first collaboration with Calvin Klein with "[making] a lot of different audiences, both in fashion and music, aware of my work."
"Sex Rules", in addition to the remaining four tracks featured on As If!, was co-written by Ferreira. Greg Kurstin, Billy Steinberg, and Daniel Lutrell provided songwriting contributions during its creation, while Kurstin was solely responsible for overseeing its production. The track prominently explores electropop and synth-pop musical styles, particularly showcasing trends popularized with 1980s music. It represents a stylistic departure from Ferreira's previous tracks and their later projects; "17" was noted for its blending of disco components, while tracks on their second extended play Ghost (2012) and debut studio album Night Time, My Time (2013) experimented with elements more commonly associated with indie pop. In "Sex Rules", Ferreira verbalizes their appreciation for sexual intercourse; during the chorus, they sing "Sex rules, use your god-given tools / Sex rules, I pity the fools who realize too late / Love, sex, and god are great / Oh oh, oh oh, sex rules."
Critical reception
"Sex Rules" received generally favorable reviews from contemporary music critics. Writing for MTV Buzzworthy, Nicole James complimented the track for its successful blending of "super early Madonna" and "21st-century synthpop", and drew similarities to the music of artists such as Chromeo, La Roux, and Robyn. They concluded their commentary by describing the song as "fun [and] sexy". Bradley Stern from MuuMuse spoke favorably of "Sex Rules" in their review for As If!; they directed their praise towards its "blippy, skittering electronica beats and a big fat slapping bass", while additionally noting its apparent inspiration by pop singer Britney Spears. A writer for Idolator expressed excitement that Ferreira continued pursuing their musical endeavors after their earlier cover version of "Animal" by Miike Snow. They commended Ferreira and Steinberg for developing a "hard-to-resist tune" that merged 1980s inspiration with the artistic individuality that Ferreira had become associated with, and thought that the track would help them establish prominence in mainstream culture. Writing for Rolling Stone, Colleen Nika was confident that "Sex Rules" introduced a "spiky" sound that could become popular in the evolving contemporary hit radio market. However, The New York Times Jon Caramanica opined that the "dry" vocal performance made it difficult for Ferreira to meaningfully deliver the lyrics.
Track listing
Release history
References
2011 singles
2011 songs
Capitol Records singles
Sky Ferreira songs
Songs written by Greg Kurstin
Songs written by Sky Ferreira
Merseburg Cathedral () is the proto-cathedral of the former Bishopric of Merseburg in Merseburg, Germany. The mostly Gothic church is considered an artistic and historical highlight in southern Saxony-Anhalt.
History
Background
Merseburg acquired importance beyond the immediate region in the 10th century when it came to King Heinrich I (Henry I) by marriage. They built a Kaiserpfalz there overlooking the Saale and founded a church next to it, consecrated in 919. Their son and successor, Otto I swore an oath on 10 August 955 to establish a diocese at Merseburg if God would grant them victory at the upcoming Battle of Lechfeld. In 968, the Diocese of Merseburg was established but dissolved in 981. In 1004 it was reestablished by King Heinrich II (Henry II).
Early Romanesque cathedral
Construction of the early Romanesque cathedral was begun by Bishop Thietmar of Merseburg in 1015. It was consecrated on 1 October 1021 in the presence of Emperor Heinrich II (Henry II) and their wife, Kunigunde.
However, the eastern part of the building collapsed twice within a few years and had to be rebuilt. It was only on 29 June 1042 that the cathedral was formally opened. Despite later construction, this early Romanesque structure still influences the appearance of today's cathedral. The lower parts of sanctuary (or choir), transept and western towers remain Romanesque as do the eastern towers almost to their roofs. Only the crypt still maintains the original spatial impression, however. The hall crypt is one of the oldest mostly unchanged structures of this type in Germany.
Late Romanesque/early Gothic
Around the middle of the 12th century the western towers were rebuilt, with late Romanesque octagonal upper levels put on top of the lower quadratic structures. The earlier quarry stone masonry was replaced by worked stones. The shape of the windows was later changed to Gothic style, probably in the second quarter of the 13th century when a new porch (or narthex) was added to the church. This was built circa 1230.
At the same time, western façade, western towers and the part in between including transept and sanctuary were mostly reconstructed under Bishop Ekkehard Rabils (1215/6-1240). It is also likely that the nave was changed substantially and largely attained its final form. Two vestries accessible from the sanctuary were likely also added during this period. The southern one today houses the treasury and the manuscript collection. Finally, the eastern towers were raised around the middle of the 13th century. One of them retains a Gothic roof, the other is topped by a Baroque roof.
Late Gothic hall church
Under Bishop Thilo von Trotha (1466-1514) the nave was rebuilt, due to the building of the adjacent Schloss/palace. The old nave was demolished in 1510 and the new nave built between 1510 (cornerstone laid) and 1514 (roof added). Von Trotha's successor, Adolf von Anhalt (1514-26) completed the work. The consecration was in 1517.
In 1515 the west portal was added. From 1535-7 the porch was redesigned as the burial chapel of Bishop Sigismund von Lindenau. The rood screen was demolished in 1588.
Later history and renovations
Since the Reformation the cathedral has not been the seat of a bishop. Martin Luther gave a sermon here in August 1545.
Renovations aimed at restoring the "original" look of the church took place in 1839, 1844/5 and 1883-6, Baroque elements were mostly removed (excluding the tombs, high altar, organ and the façade of the princely vault).
Damage sustained by palace and cathedral during World War II bombing were repaired starting in 1946. The interior was only finished in 1955. More exterior repairs followed in 1962-71 and the interior was renovated in 1972-4. Following reunification in 1990 (and especially after 2003) more extensive work was done both on the exterior and interior of the cathedral.
A statue of Thietmar von Merseburg was added to the cloister in 2007.
Today
The church is now owned and used by a Protestant congregation within the Evangelical Church in Central Germany.
It is open to the public. The Treasury exhibits altars from the 16th century, liturgical equipment, the so-called cloak of Otto I and the hand of Rudolf of Rheinfelden. The manuscript vault contains a 13th-century bible, a fragment of the Ravenna Annals, a manuscript from the 9th century and a 10th-century sacramentary. The incantations vault holds a facsimile of the Merseburg Incantations or Merseburger Zaubersprüche. The southern wing now houses :de:Europäisches Romanik Zentrum (European Centre for Romanesque Art).
Merseburg Cathedral is known in musical circles for its large romantic organ, built by Friedrich Ladegast in the mid-19th century.
The Merseburg Cathedral also had a brief appearance in the 2014 film "The Monuments Men", directed by George Clooney.
References
External links
Official website (German)
Website of an exhibition from 2015 on the occasion of the 1000th anniversary of the cathedral's construction (German)
Europäisches Romanik Zentrum
1855 Ladegast pipe organ
Pipe Organ Specification
Merseburg
11th-century churches in Germany
Romanesque Road
Gothic architecture in Germany
Buildings and structures in Saalekreis
Lutheran cathedrals in Germany
The 2011 Souris/Mouse River flood in Canada and the United States occurred in June and was greater than a hundred-year flooding event for the river. The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated the flood to have a recurrence interval of two to five centuries.
The Souris River begins in southeastern Saskatchewan, flows southeast into North Dakota, then to southwestern Manitoba. It is a tributary of the Assiniboine River, which it meets near Treesbank, Manitoba, and flows east to meet the Red River of the North in Winnipeg.
The flooding affected Saskatchewan and North Dakota; notably in Minot, where it overtopped levees and caused the evacuation of about 11,000 residents. The flooding in Minot was worse than the 1969 and 1881 floods; many other towns along the river were affected and many acres of farmland were inundated.
Background
Flooding in Saskatchewan the previous summer, in addition to heavy snowfall and a thick snowpack from the previous La Niña winter added to overflow on rivers across North America. In May 2011, heavy rains and thunderstorms driven by a series of cut off lows migrating westward triggered more flooding on watersheds in the southern Prairie Provinces, as some communities received nearly the annual rainfall in less than two months.
Flood effects
Saskatchewan
In early May, flash flooding occurred between the Souris River source and the Assiniboine River, as Kingsley No. 124, Saskatchewan saw its worst flooding in over 50 years. Towards late May, barely half Saskatchewan's agricultural crops had been seeded, while southeastern Saskatchewan, surrounding the Souris River was the worst-hit. However, even as the flooding continued in northern Saskatchewan, Alberta, and the Northwest Territories, significant fires burned while the weather remained dry and lightning was able to spark new blazes.
On June 17, Weyburn, Saskatchewan became one of 19 provincial communities to declare a state of emergency from the severe flooding, after a power outage caused the failure of the city's waste treatment plant; Saskatoon, surrounding the South Saskatchewan River, also experienced street-level floods. The next day, more flash flooding resulted in flooded homes and basements from Regina to Weyburn, while Estevan declared a state of emergency from flooding.
By June 19, a dike breach flooded the village of Roche Percee, Saskatchewan, forcing about 150 residents to evacuate. A trailer park in downstream Estevan also evacuated about 400 people. Several major highways, including part of Highway 47, Saskatchewan Highway 56 and the Trans-Canada Highway 1 near Sintaluta were closed due to flooding damage.
By June 21, Estevan had recorded of rain since May 1, making it the wettest two-month May–June period on record, while the average annual rainfall in Estevan is . Water was released from two area dams to ease the pressure on the local reservoirs. At the start of summer, the flood crest moved downstream into the United States.
North Dakota
Forecasters and hydrologists anticipated a full dike breach on the Souris by June 25 or 26 after the river began overtopping it on June 22. Close to 12,000 residents were evacuated from their homes.
The flood was expected to exceed the 1969 levels, while residents seek relief in evacuation shelters nearby.
On June 24, the Souris River exceeded record flood levels at Minot. By June 26, all hydrographs on the Souris from the North Dakota side had recorded record-breaking flood levels, with the exception of Lake Darling, which was less than from record stage.
Manitoba
Manitoba officials began preparing for the third time in 2011 for Souris flooding in late June as communities were expecting record flooding, after already experiencing flooding on the Red River and the Assiniboine River, which amounted to a 300-year flood. Also lake levels at Lake Manitoba will continue to be high or may even rise more due to the high flows on the Souris River that flows into the Assiniboine east of Brandon near Treesbank. The province has stated that the flood protection and the Portage Diversion will be pushed to their limits again.
At least 85 families were evacuated from Souris, Manitoba by June 27. On July 2, the army from CFB Shilo was sent in to help with the sandbagging and building up of dykes. The river crested at Melita on July 4, at Souris on July 5 and Wawanesa on July 6. With dry weather the peak levels were a little lower than forecast and the dikes held. See the record from Manitoba Water Stewardship's daily flood report for July 7.
See also
2011 Mississippi River flood
2011 Missouri River floods
2011 Assiniboine River flood
2011 Red River flood
References
External links
Minot Floods: A Town Devastated — slideshow by Life magazine
Minot: When The Water Recedes Documentary produced by Prairie Public Television
Minot Rebuilding Dreams Documentary produced by Prairie Public Television
Souris River
Floods in Canada
Floods in the United States
Flood,Souris River
Flood,Souris River
Minot, North Dakota
Flood,2011,Souris River
Flood,2011,Souris River
Flood,2011,Souris River
Souris River flood
Souris River flood
Souris River flood
Souris River
The Daniel Webster Wallace Unit is a state prison for men located in Colorado City, Mitchell County, Texas, owned and operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in May 1994, and holds a maximum of 1428 male prisoners, held at security levels G1, G2 and G4.
The facility is adjacent to the state's Dick Ware Transfer Facility.
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Mitchell County, Texas
1994 establishments in Texas
The 2019 season of the Tonga Major League is the 40th season of top flight association football competition in Tonga. The winner qualifies for the 2020 OFC Champions League Qualifying stage. Because the Tonga Major League is the only men's senior competition on Tonga there is no relegation. Many league games take place at the 1,500-capacity Loto-Tonga Soka Centre.
Teams
Fahefa
Ha'amoko United Youth
Lavengatonga
Longoteme
Lotoha'apai United
Marist FC
Navutoka
Veitongo
Stadiums
League table
Note: Information on goals for and against not available.
References
Tonga Major League seasons
Tonga
1
Penny Macmillan is a British journalist, who presented the news on Reporting Scotland for nearly ten years. In March 2007 they decided to take a career break from the BBC to spend more time with their young family. Penny was a familiar face at breakfast, weekends and at 22:25. In the year before their departure, they could also be found co-presenting the main programme at 18:30. Penny joined BBC Scotland in 1998 to present Newsline, a daily current affairs show on BBC Choice Scotland. Prior to that, Penny worked for Lookaround at Border Television in Carlisle.
References
People educated at St George's School, Edinburgh
BBC Scotland newsreaders and journalists
British women television journalists
Living people
British reporters and correspondents
Women radio presenters
Year of birth missing (living people)
Otto V may refer to:
Otto V, Count of Orlamünde, father-in-law of Henry VII of Brzeg
Otto V, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel (c. 1246 – 1298)
Otto V, Duke of Bavaria (1346–1379)
Otto V, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1439–1471)
See also
Otto I (disambiguation)
Otto II (disambiguation)
Otto III (disambiguation)
Otto IV (disambiguation)
Otto VI
Otto VII (disambiguation)
Otto VIII (disambiguation)
Daniel Ciampini (born November 25, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger currently playing with the Sheffield Steelers of the UK's Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).
Playing career
Ciampini played college hockey at Union from 2011–15; they were part of the 2013–14 national championship team. In 2014–15, Ciampini was a finalist for the Hobey Baker Award, marking them as one of the ten best players in men's college hockey; they were also named All-ECAC First Team. On March 18, 2015, Ciampini signed an amateur try-out agreement with the Worcester Sharks of the AHL. On March 23, 2015, Ciampini signed an AHL contract with Worcester.
On July 8, 2015, Ciampini secured an AHL contract as a free agent, agreeing to a one-year deal with the Rockford IceHogs. In the 2015–16 season, contributed with 1 goal in 10 games with the IceHogs. They were reassigned for the majority of the campaign with ECHL affiliate, Indy Fuel, in producing 38 points in 48 games.
As a free agent in the off-season, Ciampini secured another AHL deal, signing a one-year contract with the Ontario Reign on August 4, 2016. In the 2016–17 season, Ciampini split the year between the Reign and ECHL affiliate, the Manchester Monarchs.
On September 15, 2017, having left the Reign as a free agent, Ciampini agreed to a one-year deal with inaugural AHL club, the Belleville Senators.
After two seasons within the Belleville Senators organization, Ciampini decided to pursue a European career, agreeing to a one-year contract with Norwegian club, Stjernen Hockey of the GET-ligaen on June 14, 2019.
Following a season stint in Austria with HC TWK Innsbruck of the ICE Hockey League, Ciampini continued their European career by agreeing to a one-year contract with Czech club, Rytíři Kladno of the ELH, on July 14, 2021.
After a spell in Italy with HC Bozen-Bolzano, Ciampini signed terms ahead of the 2022–23 season with UK EIHL side Sheffield Steelers.
Career statistics
Awards and honors
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Belleville Senators players
Bolzano HC players
Brampton Beast players
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Indy Fuel players
HC TWK Innsbruck players
Manchester Monarchs (ECHL) players
Ontario Reign (AHL) players
Rockford IceHogs (AHL) players
Rytíři Kladno players
Sheffield Steelers players
St. Michael's Buzzers players
Stjernen Hockey players
Union Dutchmen ice hockey players
Worcester Sharks players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
The 2015 Supercupa României was the 17th edition of Romania's season opener cup competition. The game was contested between Liga I titleholders, Steaua București, and 2nd placeholders, ASA Târgu Mureș. It was played at Stadionul Farul in Constanța in July. Târgu Mureș won the trophy for the first time in history, after defeating Steaua, 1–0.
Match
Details
References
External links
Romania - List of Super Cup Finals, RSSSF.com
2015–16 in Romanian football
Supercupa României
FC Steaua București matches
The 50th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island was in session from March 14, 1963, to April 14, 1966. The Progressive Conservative Party led by Walter Russell Shaw formed the government.
John R. MacLean was elected speaker. Frank Myers replaced MacLean as speaker in 1965.
There were four sessions of the 50th General Assembly:
Members
Kings
Prince
Queens
Notes:
References
Election results for the Prince Edward Island Legislative Assembly, 1962-12-10
O'Handley, Kathryn Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1994
Terms of the General Assembly of Prince Edward Island
1963 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1966 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
The Directorate of Research and Civil Affairs (DORCA) was a mysterious and difficult-to-categorise think tank and possibly intelligence organisation within the Australian Army during World War II.
Set up and headed by the charismatic Alf Conlon, the Directorate's alumni had a huge influence over Australia and the Pacific region post-WWII, especially through the Australian School of Pacific Administration (ASOPA).
DORCA has been described as mysterious, odd ball, bohemian. It is difficult if not impossible to categorise, having clearly involved at least in some sense in intelligence work. That it morphed into ASOPA after the war gives no real insight into its wartime activities.
When formed in February 1943, the Directorate was made part of Military Intelligence, with Conlon reporting directly to General Blamey, commander-in-chief of the Australian Military Forces.
Some of the work achieved during its short, wartime life included: making good the shortfall of no adequate military maps for the Northern Territory; finding substitute sources for quinine when Australia's quinine suppliers came under Japanese control; preparing reports on Army health and nutrition, battlefield terrain, dietary standards for Papuan carriers and trends in international relations., but its most important role was in developing policy advice on the post-war governance of Pacific territories after the anticipated allied victory. Conlon gave themselves a broad policy canvas, which included anticipating and providing for PNG's independence. "Work of enduring value was performed." However, DORCA's planning for post-war Borneo was duplicated and in conflict with other Australian War cabinet plans. The wartime involvement of DORCA in training people to be administrators in Papua New Guinea led directly to the advocacy for, and creation of, the Australian School of Pacific Administration (ASOPA) with John Kerr (Conlon's 2IC at DORCA) becoming its principal.
Alumni
Commander Alf Conlon
2IC John Kerr (later, 18th Governor-General of Australia)
James McAuley
Harold Stewart
James Plimsoll (later, a Governor of Tasmania)
Peter Ryan
Bill Stanner (anthropologist) commander North Australia Observer Unit
Camilla Wedgwood (anthropologist)
Ida Leeson (Mitchell Librarian)
Colonel J. K. Murray (Professor of Agriculture, University of Queensland 1927–1945, Administrator of Papua and New Guinea 1945–52)
Professor Julius Stone, chair of international law and jurisprudence at Sydney
Ian Hogbin (anthropologist)
References
Australian Army
Narasimhagupta (Gupta script: Na-ra-si-ṅha-gu-pta) Baladitya was an emperor of the Gupta Empire of North India. They were son of Purugupta and probably the successor of Budhagupta.
Defeat of the Hunas
According to the Chinese monk Xuanzang, Narasimhagupta had to pay tribute to the Huna king Mihirakula.
Finally, Baladitya along with Yasodharman of Malwa is credited with driving the Alchon Huns from the plains of North India according to the Chinese monk Xuanzang. In a fanciful account, Xuanzang, who wrote a century later in 630 CE, reported that Mihirakula had conquered all India except for an island where the king of Magadha named Balditya (who could be Gupta ruler Narasimhagupta Baladitya) took refuge, but that Mihirakula was finally captured by the Indian king, who later spared their life. Mihirakula is then said to have returned to Kashmir to retake the throne.
Narasimhagupta's governor in Malwa, Bhanugupta may also have been involved in this conflict.
shramanic philanthropy
The Guptas were traditionally a Hindu dynasty. Narasimhagupta Baladitya however, according to contemporary writer Paramartha, was brought up under the influence of the Mahayana philosopher, Vasubandhu. They built a sangharama at Nalanda and also a high vihara with a Buddha statue within which, according to Xuanzang, resembled the "great Vihara built under the Bodhi tree". According to the Manjushrimulakalpa (c. 800 CE), king Narasimhsagupta became a Buddhist monk, and left the world through meditation (Dhyana).
The Chinese monk Xuanzang also noted that Baladitya's son, Vajra, who commissioned a sangharama as well, "possessed a heart firm in faith".
Their clay sealing has been found in Nalanda. The name of their queen mentioned in the Nalanda sealing is Shrimitradevi. They were succeeded by their son Kumaragupta III.
Coinage
References
Sources
5th-century Indian monarchs
Gupta Empire
Sujawal District (, ) is a district of the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is located at 24°36'23" North and 68°4'19" East and is bordered in the northwest by the Indus river, which separates it from Thatta District. The district has an area of 7335 km2.
Administration
Sujawal District is subdivided into five tehsils:
Jati,
Kharo Chan,
Mirpur Bathoro Tehsil,
Shah Bandar Tehsil
and Sujawal Tehsil.
History and geography
The decision to divide Thatta District into two districts by the provincial government was made on 12 October 2013 through a notification issued by the Revenue Department of Sindh. The provincial revenue department said:
According to the notification, the right side of the Indus River will comprise the old Thatta district, and the left side will come under the jurisdiction of the newly created Sujawal. The Thatta District (among the largest districts of the province area-wise), will have half the size in its new boundaries, comprising Thatta, Mirpur Sakro, Keti Bunder and Ghorabari tehsils (talukas). In addition, some areas of Kharochhan tehsil (taluka) have also been included in the new Thatta District. The historical city of Thatta, which was once the capital of Sindh, was carved out from Karachi as a separate city in August 1948. It was the second largest district in Sindh, in terms of area, covering over 17,335 square kilometers before its recent separation into two parts. The Provincial Revenue Department of Sindh Notification 12 October 2013. There are two Provincial Assembly seats, Constituency PS-86 and Constituency PS-87, and one National Assembly seat, Constituency NA-238, in the newly formed districts of Sujawal.
Demography
At the time of the 2017 census, Sujawal district had a population of 779,062, of which 404,810 were males and 374,142 females. The rural population was 693,566 (89.03%) and urban 85,496 (10.97%). The literacy rate is 25.12%: 33.14% for males and 16.14% for females.
The majority religion is Islam, with 96.94% of the population. Hinduism (including those from Scheduled Castes) is practiced by 2.92% of the population. Sindhi is the dominant language, spoken by 97.95% of the population.
See also
Thatta District
List of talukas of Sindh
Sindh
Kot Aalam
References
External links
Districts of Sindh
Mary D. (McGaha) Lowman (January 27, 1842 – June 12, 1912) was a schoolteacher and the mayor of Oskaloosa, Kansas, in the late 1880s. They were the first woman in Kansas to be elected mayor with a city council composed entirely of women.
Biography
Mary D. McGaha was born on a farm in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. They became a schoolteacher and in 1866 married a man named George W. Lowman, with whom they had two children. They moved to Kansas and settle in the small town of Oskaloosa, where they became a teacher of recently emancipated black students.
In 1885, they became the city's deputy county clerk and deputy register of deeds. In 1888, the women of Oskaloosa, dissatisfied with poor city management, decided to run an entire slate of women for municipal office. (Although American women did not yet have a national right to vote, Kansas women had been given the right to vote in some municipal elections one year earlier.) The "Oskaloosa Improvement Ticket" won by a two-to-one margin, making Lowman the first woman in Kansas to serve as mayor with a city council composed entirely of women. Newspapers across the country covered the unusual election of an all-women municipal administration. Lowman was elected only a year after Susanna M. Salter of Argonia, Kansas became the nation's first woman mayor.
When Lowman and their council took office, the city treasury was empty and the city in debt. Lowman and their 5-member council were re-elected after their first year in office, with two members of the council being replaced by other women. After two years in office, Lowman and their council left the city with a replenished treasury.
Lowman died in 1912 of burns received when their clothing caught fire at a cookstove.
References
1842 births
1912 deaths
Women mayors of places in Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Oskaloosa, Kansas
Deaths from fire in the United States
Accidental deaths in Kansas
People from Indiana County, Pennsylvania
19th-century American women politicians
Schoolteachers from Pennsylvania
Schoolteachers from Kansas
19th-century American educators
Wikipedia articles incorporating text from A Woman of the Century
19th-century American women educators
The stripe-breasted tit (Melaniparus fasciiventer) is a species of bird in the family Paridae.
It is found in Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The stripe-breasted tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
References
stripe-breasted tit
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
stripe-breasted tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Voltammetry is a category of electroanalytical methods used in analytical chemistry and various industrial processes. In voltammetry, information about an analyte is obtained by measuring the current as the potential is varied. The analytical data for a voltammetric experiment comes in the form of a voltammogram which plots the current produced by the analyte versus the potential of the working electrode.
Three electrode system
Voltammetry experiments investigate the half-cell reactivity of an analyte. Voltammetry is the study of current as a function of applied potential.
These curves I = f(E) are called voltammograms.
The potential is varied arbitrarily, either step by step or continuously, and the actual current value is measured as the dependent variable.
The opposite, i.e., amperometry, is also possible but not common.
The shape of the curves depends on the speed of potential variation (nature of driving force) and on whether the solution is stirred or quiescent (mass transfer).
Most experiments control the potential (volts) of an electrode in contact with the analyte while measuring the resulting current (amperes).
To conduct such an experiment, one requires at least two electrodes. The working electrode, which makes contact with the analyte, must apply the desired potential in a controlled way and facilitate the transfer of charge to and from the analyte. A second electrode acts as the other half of the cell. This second electrode must have a known potential with which to gauge the potential of the working electrode; furthermore it must balance the charge added or removed by the working electrode. While this is a viable setup, it has a number of shortcomings. Most significantly, it is extremely difficult for an electrode to maintain a constant potential while passing current to counter redox events at the working electrode.
To solve this problem, the roles of supplying electrons and providing a reference potential are divided between two separate electrodes. The reference electrode is a half cell with a known reduction potential. Its only role is to act as reference in measuring and controlling the working electrode's potential and at no point does it pass any current. The auxiliary electrode passes all the current needed to balance the current observed at the working electrode. To achieve this current, the auxiliary will often swing to extreme potentials at the edges of the solvent window, where it oxidizes or reduces the solvent or supporting electrolyte. These electrodes, the working, reference, and auxiliary make up the modern three-electrode system.
There are many systems which have more electrodes, but their design principles are generally the same as the three-electrode system. For example, the rotating ring-disk electrode has two distinct and separate working electrodes, a disk and a ring, which can be used to scan or hold potentials independently of each other. Both of these electrodes are balanced by a single reference and auxiliary combination for an overall four-electrode design. More complicated experiments may add working electrodes as required and at times reference or auxiliary electrodes.
In practice it can be important to have a working electrode with known dimensions and surface characteristics. As a result, it is common to clean and polish working electrodes regularly. The auxiliary electrode can be almost anything as long as it doesn't react with the bulk of the analyte solution and conducts well. It is (or was?) common to use mercury as working electrode e.g. DME and HMDE, and also as auxiliary, and the voltammetry method is then known as polarography. The reference is the most complex of the three electrodes; there are a variety of standards used and it is worth investigating elsewhere. For non-aqueous work, IUPAC recommends the use of the ferrocene/ferrocenium couple as an internal standard. In most voltammetry experiments, a bulk electrolyte (also known as a supporting electrolyte) is used to minimize solution resistance. It is possible to run an experiment without a bulk electrolyte, but the added resistance greatly reduces the accuracy of the results. With room temperature ionic liquids, the solvent can act as the electrolyte.
Theory
Data analysis requires the consideration of kinetics in addition to thermodynamics, due to the temporal component of voltammetry. Idealized theoretical electrochemical thermodynamic relationships such as the Nernst equation are modeled without a time component. While these models are insufficient alone to describe the dynamic aspects of voltammetry, models like the Tafel equation and Butler–Volmer equation lay the groundwork for the modified voltammetry relationships that relate theory to observed results.
Types of voltammetry
Linear sweep voltammetry
Staircase voltammetry
Squarewave voltammetry
Cyclic voltammetry - A voltammetric method that can be used to determine diffusion coefficients and half cell reduction potentials.
Anodic stripping voltammetry - A quantitative, analytical method for trace analysis of metal cations. The analyte is deposited (electroplated) onto the working electrode during a deposition step, and then oxidized during the stripping step. The current is measured during the stripping step.
Cathodic stripping voltammetry - A quantitative, analytical method for trace analysis of anions. A positive potential is applied, oxidizing the mercury electrode and forming insoluble precipitates of the anions. A negative potential then reduces (strips) the deposited film into solution.
Adsorptive stripping voltammetry - A quantitative, analytical method for trace analysis. The analyte is deposited simply by adsorption on the electrode surface (i.e., no electrolysis), then electrolyzed to give the analytical signal. Chemically modified electrodes are often used.
Alternating current voltammetry
Polarography - a subclass of voltammetry where the working electrode is a dropping mercury electrode (DME), useful for its wide cathodic range and renewable surface.
Rotated electrode voltammetry - A hydrodynamic technique in which the working electrode, usually a rotating disk electrode (RDE) or rotating ring-disk electrode (RRDE), is rotated at a very high rate. This technique is useful for studying the kinetics and electrochemical reaction mechanism for a half reaction.
Normal pulse voltammetry
Differential pulse voltammetry
Chronoamperometry
History
The beginning of voltammetry was facilitated by the discovery of polarography in 1922 by the Nobel Prize–winning Czech chemist Jaroslav Heyrovský. Early voltammetric techniques had many problems, limiting their viability for everyday use in analytical chemistry. In polarography, these problems included the fact that mercury is oxidized at a potential that is more positive than +0.2 Volt, which makes it harder to analyze the results for the analytes in the positive region of the potential. Another problem included the residual current obtained from the charging of the large capacitance of the electrode surface. When Heyrovsky first recorded the first dependence on the current flowing through the dropping mercury electrode on the applied potential in 1922, they took point-by-point measurements and they plotted a current-voltage curve. This was considered to be the first polarogram. In order to facilitate this process, they constructed what is now known as a polarograph with M. Shikata and, with enabled them to record photographically the same curve in a matter of hours. They gave recognition to the importance of potential and its control and also recognized the opportunities of measuring the limiting currents. They were also an important part of the introduction of dropping mercury electrode as a modern-day tool.
In 1942, the English electrochemist Archie Hickling (University of Leicester) built the first three electrodes potentiostat, which was an advancement for the field of electrochemistry. They used this potentiostat to control the voltage of an electrode. In the meantime, in the late 1940s, the American biophysicist Kenneth Stewart Cole invented an electronic circuit which they called a voltage clamp. The voltage clamp was used to analyze the ionic conduction in nerves.
The 1960s and 1970s saw many advances in the theory, instrumentation, and the introduction of computer added and controlled systems. Modern polarographic and voltammetric methods on mercury electrodes came about in three sections.
The first section includes the development of the mercury electrodes. The following electrodes were produced: dropping mercury electrode, mercury steaming electrode, hanging mercury drop electrode, static mercury drop electrode, mercury film electrode, mercury amalgam electrodes, mercury microelectrodes, chemically modified mercury electrodes, controlled growth mercury electrodes, and contractible mercury drop electrodes.
There was also an advancement of the measuring techniques used. These measuring techniques include : classical DC polarography, oscillopolarography, Kaloussek's switcher, AC polarography, tast polarography, normal pulse polarography, differential pulse polarography, square-wave voltammetry, cyclic voltammetry, anodic stripping voltammetry, convolution techniques, and elimination methods.
Lastly, there was also an advancement of preconcentration techniques that produced an increased the sensitivity of the mercury electrodes. This came about through the development of anodic stripping voltammetry, cathodic stripping voltammetry and adsorptive stripping voltammetry.
These advancements improved sensitivity and created new analytical methods, which prompted the industry to respond with the production of cheaper potentiostat, electrodes, and cells that could be effectively used in routine analytical work.
Applications
Voltammetric sensors
A number of voltammetric systems are produced commercially for the determination of specific species that are of interest in industry and research. These devices are sometimes called electrodes but are, in fact, complete voltammetric cells and are better referred to as sensors. These sensors can be employed for the analysis of various organic and inorganic analytes in various matrices.
The oxygen electrode
The determination of dissolved oxygen in a variety of aqueous environments, such as seawater, blood, sewage, effluents from chemical plants, and soils is of tremendous importance to industry, biomedical and environmental research, and clinical medicine. One of the most common and convenient methods for making such measurements is with the Clark oxygen sensor, which was patented by L.C. Clark, Jr. in 1956.
See also
Current–voltage characteristic
Neopolarogram
References
Further reading
External links
http://new.ametek.com/content-manager/files/PAR/App%20Note%20E-4%20-%20Electrochemical%20Analysis%20Techniques1.pdf
Electroanalytical methods
Richard Simon Levy (May 10, 1940 – June 23, 2021) was a professor of Modern German History at the University of Illinois at Chicago from 1971 until their retirement in 2019.  They are most noted for their contributions to history in debunking several antisemitic myths, as well as uncovering many others. Levy was featured on a TV documentary concerning The Protocols of the Elders of Zion: A Deadly Deception, which aired on the History Channel on May 11, 1999. Levy died of prostate cancer at their home on June 23, 2021, at the age of 81.
Works
Books
The Downfall of the Anti-Semitic Political Parties in Imperial Germany (1975), Yale University Press. .
A Lie and a Libel: The History of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion (1995), University of Nebraska Press. .
Edited books
Antisemitism in the Modern World: An Anthology of Texts (1990), D.C. Heath. .
with Albert S. Lindemann, Antisemitism: A history (Oxford UP, 2010).
Antisemitism: Historical Encyclopedia of Prejudice and Persecution (2 vol. 2005). ABC-Clio. .
Articles
"A Lie and a Libel: The Protocols of the Elders of Zion in Recent History," in L. J. Greenspoon, ed., Representations of Jews Through the Ages (Omaha: Creighton U. Press, 1996), pp. 231–43
"Continuities and Discontinuities of Anti-Jewish Violence in Modern Germany, 1819–1938," in Christhard Hoffmann, et al., eds., Exclusionary Violence: Antisemitic Riots in Modern German History (University of Michigan Press, 2002), pp. 185–202
Book Reviews
Alan Steinweis, Art, Ideology, and Economics in Nazi Germany: The Reich Chambers of Music, Theater, and the Visual Arts (Chapel Hill: U. of North Carolina, 1993) in GERMAN STUDIES REVIEW 18 (1995): 176-77
David Blackbourn, The Long Nineteenth Century: A History of Germany, 1780–1918 (New York: Oxford University Press, 1998), reviewed for H-German, September 9, 1998
Michael Brenner, The Renaissance of Jewish Culture in Weimar Germany (Yale University Press, 1996) in JOURNAL OF MODERN HISTORY 70 (September 1998): 747-48
Dirk Walter, Antisemitische Kriminalität und Gewalt: Judenfeindschaft in der Weimarer Republik (Bonn, 1999) in JOURNAL OF MODERN HISTORY 72 (December 2000): 1060-62
Olaf Blaschke, Katholizismus und Antisemitismus im Deutschen Kaiserreich (Göttingen, 1997) in AMERICAN HISTORICAL REVIEW (February 2001): 278-79
Till van Rahden, Juden und andere Breslauer. Die Beziehungen zwischen Juden, Protestanten und Katholiken in einer deutschen Grossstadt von 1860 bis 1925 (Göttingen, 2000), Reviewed for H-German, April 21, 2001 (Published in English as Jews and Other Germans: Civil Society, Religious Diversity, and Urban Politics in Breslau, 1860–1925 by University of Wisconsin Press)
William I. Brustein, Roots of Hate: Anti-Semitism in Europe before the Holocaust (Cambridge, 2003) in CENTRAL EUROPEAN HISTORY 28/3 (2005): 73-74
Awards and Positions
Humanities Institute Fellow, 1992–93
Fulbright Summer fellowship, 1996
Shirley Bill Outstanding Teacher award 1999
Fulbright Senior Professor Sant'Anna School of University Studies and Doctoral Research, Pisa, Italy for winter semester 2001
Silver Circle Award 2004
References
External links
Richard Levy's UIC Faculty Webpage
A Deadly Deception DVD
Living people
1940 births
University of Illinois Chicago faculty
Scholars of antisemitism
Historians of Germany
The blackpoll warbler (Setophaga striata) is a New World warbler. Breeding males are mostly black and white. They have a prominent black cap, white cheeks and white wing bars. The blackpoll breeds in forests of northern North America, from Alaska throughout most of Canada, to the mountains of New York and New England. They are a common migrant through much of North America. In fall, they fly south to the Greater Antilles and the northeastern coasts of South America in a non-stop long-distance migration over open water, averaging 2500 km, one of the longest distance non-stop overwater flights ever recorded for a migratory songbird. Rare vagrants to western Europe, they are one of the more frequent transatlantic passerine wanderers.
Etymology
The genus name Setophaga is from Ancient Greek ses, "moth", and , "eating", and the specific striata means "striped".
Description
The blackpoll warbler is a fairly small bird which attains the weight of a ball point pen. However, it is one of the largest of the diverse genus Setophaga (formerly Dendroica). In the species, body length can vary from and wingspan can range from . Body mass can vary from , with an average bird anywhere between . Among standard measurements, the wing chord is , the tail is , the bill is and the tarsus is . The summer male blackpoll warblers have dark-streaked brown backs, white faces and black crowns. Their underparts are white with black streaks, and they display two white wing bars. The adult females essentially resemble washed-out versions of the summer males, and in particular, the females lack the strong head patterns, and their crowns and faces are shades of gray. Another outstanding physical characteristic of the species are the bright orange, pink legs.
Non-breeding birds of this species have greenish heads, dark-streaked greenish upperparts and yellowish breasts, with the yellow extending to the belly in young birds. Their wing bars are always present.
Habitat
In the southern portion of their breeding range, blackpoll warblers can be found on the higher elevations of mountains in woodland or brushy areas. They also spend their summers on the wooded coastal islands of Maine and the Maritime Provinces. Farther north they have been reported throughout the boreal coniferous forest. Blackpolls breed nearer to the tundra than any other warbler.
Behavior
Although fairly large for a warbler, blackpoll warblers are fairly easy to miss because of their relatively inactive foraging style and tendency to perch in dense foliage near the canopy of the trees. They are more often heard than seen, though their song is one of the highest pitched known. Their songs are simple repetitions of high tsi notes. Their calls are thin sits.
Foraging and diet
The blackpoll has a deliberate feeding style with occasional flitting, hovering and hawking around branches. They are primarily insectivorous. The species appears to be quite a generalist, preying on a great diversity of adult and larval insects and spiders. Documented insect prey for the species includes lice, locusts, cankerworms, mosquitoes, webworms, ants, termites, gnats, aphids and sawflies. It has been suggested that this species may be a spruce budworm specialist, but there is no obvious connection between population trends of the two species. The blackpoll will opt for berries in migration and during winter. They often forage high in trees, and sometimes catch insects while in flight.
Reproduction
Their breeding habitats are coniferous woodlands, especially those in which spruce trees grow. The bird's breeding ranges extend to the taiga. Blackpoll warblers commonly nest in a relatively low site of a conifer. They lay 3–5 eggs in a cup-shaped nest, rarely up to 9. The eggs are incubated for around 12 days and the young leave the nest when they are only 10 days old, before they can fly well. Their parents feed them for a total of around two weeks. Mated females usually begin second nests right away and leave post-fledging parental duties to their mates. The high incidence of double brooding, coupled with and partly a function of low nest predation and parasitism rates, results in high annual productivity for this species.
Migration
The blackpoll warbler's transoceanic flight has been the subject of over twenty-five scientific studies. Sources of data include radar observations, bird banding and weights taken, dead birds recovered from field sites and fatal obstacles. It is unknown if they feed on insects while in flight.
Blackpoll warblers have the longest migration of any species of New World warbler. This is likely the reason that they are one of the later warblers to appear in spring migration, after one or more short overwater flights and a relatively prolonged movement overland after through North America anytime from early May to mid-June. The peak of their migration is in late May, when most warblers are on their breeding grounds.
In the fall the birds migrate from their breeding grounds across the northern latitudes. They converge on the Northeastern United States south to Virginia starting in mid-August. Most blackpolls fly directly from northeastern North America over the Atlantic Ocean to their winter range. Data from nocturnal accidents, banding stations and sightings have shown that blackpolls are rare autumn migrants south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, whereas north of Cape Hatteras they are common. Part of the fall migratory route of the blackpoll warbler is over the Atlantic Ocean from the northeastern United States to the Greater and Lesser Antilles, or northern South America. Island stopovers at Bermuda and other places are evidence of migratory pathways.
To accomplish this flight, the blackpoll warbler nearly doubles its body mass in staging areas and takes advantage of a shift in prevailing wind direction to direct it to its destination. When they fly southward over the Atlantic they burn, 0.08 g of fat every hour. This route averages over water, requiring a potentially nonstop flight of around 72 to 88 hours. They travel at a speed of about . Blackpolls can weigh more than when they leave the United States and lose 4 or more grams by the time they reach South America. Some of the blackpolls land in Bermuda before going on. Some birds, often with lower body weights, do not make it.
Using a tiny light level geolocator biologists have proven that the black poll flies an average of 2540 km (2270 to 2770 km) non-stop over an average of 62 h, up to 3 days, corresponding to about 41 km/h. In 2013, 37 blackpolls from Vermont and Nova Scotia carried a miniaturized geolocator weighing 0.5 g with harness on their back. The device recorded light-levels, from which longitudes and latitudes could be estimated, and in 2014 the scientists recovered five of the original 37. Four of the five birds departed from western Nova Scotia between September 25 and October 21, and traveled at speeds between 10.7 and 13.4 meters per second. The study revealed that the spring migration overland and the autumn routes overwater were "dramatically different". When the flight distance per body mass was compared to other birds, only the ruby-throated hummingbird might travel more kilometres per gram (estimated around 210–280 km/g vs. 233 km/g for blackpolls).
References
External links
Blackpoll warbler species account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Blackpoll warbler – Dendroica striata – USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Stamps for: Grenada, Guyana at bird-stamps.org
blackpoll warbler
Native birds of Alaska
Birds of Canada
Birds of South America
Birds of the Dominican Republic
blackpoll warbler
David James (born David Belasco) (1839 – 2 October 1893) was an English comic actor and one of the founders of London's Vaudeville Theatre.
They were born in London to a family of Sephardic Jewish origin. They made their stage debut as a child actor at the Princess's Theatre, London, then managed by Charles Kean. As a young man. they appeared in various burlesques. One of their best roles during that time was as Mercury in Francis Burnand's Ixion, which they performed in its 1863 premiere at the Royalty Theatre.
In 1870 they joined Henry James Montague and Thomas Thorne as the first managers of the newly opened Vaudeville Theatre where their greatest success was as Perkyn Middlewick in Henry James Byron's Our Boys which opened on 16 January 1875 and ran for over 1300 performances. They left the Vaudeville Theatre in 1881 to work at the Haymarket Theatre, followed by a stint at the Lyceum Theatre. In 1886, they became a member of Charles Wyndham's company at the Criterion Theatre. Shortly before their death in 1893, Our Boys was revived for him.
Unlike Thomas Thorne, their partner at the Vaudeville who died penniless and insane, David James died leaving a fortune of £41,000 (an enormous sum in those days), which went to their synagogue and other Jewish charities. Their son was an actor who also performed under the name David James.
References
English male stage actors
English male musical theatre actors
English theatre managers and producers
1839 births
1893 deaths
19th-century English male actors
19th-century British male singers
19th-century British Jews
Jewish British male actors
19th-century English businesspeople
Czarni Lwów was one of the first Polish professional sports clubs with the well developed football section as well as ice hockey among the several other sports. The football club was started in the late 19th century in Lwów as a school football section Sława Lwów. In 1903 the name was changed and the club became professional.
History
In 1911, together with KS Cracovia and two other teams, Czarni created the Polish Football Association, the predecessor of the modern PZPN national football association. The first football club in Poland, the Czarni (Black, name coined after their black shirts; because of their colours the team was commonly dubbed Powidlaki – an allusion to the plum marmalade colour of their logo) were the best known and most popular sports club in Lwów (together with Pogoń Lwów formed soon afterwards). The official name translates as the First Military-Civil Sport Club Blacks Lwów. Although the main interest of the fans lay in football, soon other sections were opened (ice hockey, boxing, skiing, tennis, athletics). Despite their initial successes and their contribution to the history of football in Poland, the club was largely unsuccessful in league meetings. During their seven years career in the Polish Football League, they scored 141 points, with the total goal quota of 120:186. In 1928 the club came 8th in the league, which was the highest location in its history. However, the following year Czarni's forward Rochus Nastula was the top scorer in Polish Soccer League, with 25 goals scored in one season. In 1933 the club dropped from the first league, but continued to appear in national championships.
In 1935 the club won the Polish Cup (Mistrzostwa Polski). In the same year the club won also the Polish ice hockey title. In 1936 the name was changed back to "Military and Civil Sports Club Sława Lwów". It was disbanded in 1939 by the NKVD who arrested most of its members. The most famous player of Czarni Lwów was Kazimierz Górski.
See also
History of football in Poland
Lechia Lwów
Pogoń Lwów
Hasmonea Lwów
Sports in Poland
Association football clubs established in 1903
Association football clubs disestablished in 1939
Lwów District Football League
Polish football clubs in Lviv
1903 establishments in Poland
1939 disestablishments in Poland
1903 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Defunct football clubs in former Polish territories
Years and Years is a dystopian science fiction drama television miniseries written by Russell T Davies. Taking place between 2019 and 2034, the six-part series follows the lives of the Lyons family, who witness increasingly tumultuous global affairs and the rise to power of Vivienne Rook, an outspoken British celebrity business person turned populist politician whose controversial opinions divide the nation. The series was a co-production between the BBC and HBO, and premiered on BBC One on 14 May 2019 and on HBO on 24 June 2019. Years and Years stars Emma Thompson as Rook, alongside Russell Tovey, Rory Kinnear, T'Nia Miller, Ruth Madeley, Anne Reid, and Jessica Hynes as the Lyons family.
The series was directed by Simon Cellan Jones (episodes 1–4) and Lisa Mulcahy (episodes 5–6), with Davies, Jones, Michaela Fereday, Lucy Richer, and Nicola Shindler serving as executive producers. It received praise for its writing, characterisation, and exploration of modern political anxieties in a dystopian future. The show received three nominations at the 10th Critics' Choice Television Awards, in the categories of Best Limited Series, Best Supporting Actor in a Movie/Miniseries (for Tovey), and Best Supporting Actress in a Movie/Miniseries (for Thompson). Some critics (and even Davies himself) have drawn comparisons between Years and Years and Davies's previous work, particularly their 2008 Doctor Who is a episode "Turn Left".
Plot
The six-part series follows the Manchester-based Lyons family: Daniel is married to Ralph, Stephen and Celeste worry about their children, Rosie is looking for a new partner, and Edith is engaged in one humanitarian cause after another. Presiding over them all is Gran, the imperious Muriel. All their lives converge on one crucial night in 2019, and the story accelerates into the future, following the lives and loves of the Lyons over the next fifteen years as Britain is rocked by political upheavals, economic instability and technological advances.
Cast and characters
Main
The Lyons siblings:
Rory Kinnear as Stephen Lyons, the oldest Lyons sibling, a financial advisor who lives in London with their wife, Celeste, and their two daughters.
Russell Tovey as Daniel Lyons, a housing officer based in Manchester.
Jessica Hynes as Edith Lyons, a political activist.
Ruth Madeley as Rosie Lyons, the youngest of the Lyons siblings, who has spina bifida.  They are a single mother, has two sons, Lee and Lincoln, and works in a school cafeteria.
T'Nia Miller as Celeste Bisme-Lyons, an accountant and Stephen's wife.
Anne Reid as Muriel Deacon, the Lyons siblings' grandmother.
Emma Thompson as The Rt Hon Vivienne Rook MP, a charismatic and controversial business person turned politician.
Recurring
Dino Fetscher as Ralph Cousins, Daniel's ex-husband, who is a primary school teacher.
Maxim Baldry as Viktor Goraya, a Ukrainian refugee, who forms a romantic relationship with Daniel.
Lydia West as Bethany Bisme-Lyons, Stephen and Celeste's older daughter, who identifies as transhuman, wishing to turn themselves into data.
Jade Alleyne as Ruby Bisme-Lyons, Stephen and Celeste's younger daughter.
Sharon Duncan-Brewster as Fran Baxter, a storyteller and activist who is Daniel's friend. They later becomes Edith's partner.
Production
In June 2018, the BBC announced that Russell T Davies would write Years and Years, which was described as "an epic drama following a family over 15 years of unstable political, economical and technological advances". Davies noted that they had been aiming to write the drama series for almost two decades.
In October 2018, it was announced that Emma Thompson had joined the cast as Vivienne Rook (who shares a name with another of Davies' characters, a journalist in the Doctor Who is a episode "The Sound of Drums"), alongside Rory Kinnear, T'Nia Miller, Russell Tovey, Jessica Hynes, Lydia West, Ruth Madeley, and Anne Reid. Years and Years was cast by Andy Pryor. It was also announced that the series would be directed by Simon Cellan Jones.
Filming began in Manchester on 22 October 2018 and was completed on 17 March 2019. Locations included Trafford Park for the refugee camp and Altcar Training Camp, Liverpool for the "Erstwhile" site.
Episodes
Broadcast
The series was broadcast on BBC One in the UK, BBC First in The Netherlands and Belgium, HBO in the US, Mexico, Latin America, Poland, and Spain, SBS in Australia, Soho in New Zealand, Canal+ in France, and ZDF in Germany.
In 2020, the series aired on M-Net in South Africa.
Reception
Critical reception
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the series holds an approval rating of 89% based on 66 critics' reviews, with an average score of 7.30/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Years and Years scathingly critiques the present with a nihilistic projection of the future, leavening the devastating satire with a buoyant sense of humour and characters who are easy to become invested in." On Metacritic, the series has a weighted average score of 78 out of 100, based on 24 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
US ratings
Censorship in China
The series has been banned in China. Shortly after the premiere of the first episode, the show received an excellent rating of 9.5/10 on Douban, the largest movie review aggregator website in China, before being banned across Chinese search engines and social media. Relevant entries and posts, or even references to the name of the show, were filtered or promptly deleted from websites like Baidu and Weibo. Files with names containing "Years and Years" were taken down from the cloud storage service Baidu Wangpan. It is commonly believed that the censorship was due to the depiction of Chinese leader Xi Jinping and the military confrontation between China and America in the South China Sea, which are deemed sensitive topics in China.
References
External links
2010s British drama television series
2010s British political television series
2019 British television series debuts
2019 British television series endings
BBC high definition shows
British political drama television series
British science fiction television shows
BBC television dramas
Climate change in fiction
Dystopian television series
English-language television shows
Television shows written by Russell T Davies
Immigration in fiction
Television series by Red Production Company
Television series by StudioCanal
Television series about families
Television series created by Russell T Davies
Television series set in the 2020s
Television series set in the 2030s
Television shows set in Manchester
2010s British LGBT-related drama television series
CERN openlab is a collaboration between CERN and industrial partners to develop new knowledge in Information and Communication Technologies through the evaluation of advanced tools and joint research to be used by the worldwide community of scientists working at the Large Hadron Collider.
Intel, Oracle, Google, Micron and Siemens are all partner companies for the sixth phase of CERN openlab. IBM, E4 Computer Engineering and be-studys are contributors, while Comtrade, and Open Systems are associate members.
In 2015, other public research organisations joined CERN openlab for the first time. The current research members are Fermilab, INFN, ScimPulse, King's College London, Samara University, Eindhoven University of Technology and Newcastle University.
History
The CERN openlab concept started in 2001 led by Manuel Delfino, and since 2003 it has run in successive phases of three years. During CERN openlab I (2003-2005) an advanced prototype called opencluster was developed. CERN openlab II (2006-2008) focused on various domains such as platforms, databases, grid computing, security and networks. This work was continued by CERN openlab III (2009-2011) which also hosted projects with emphasis on technologies and services relevant to CERN and its partners. Later, CERN openlab IV (2012-2014) paid particular attention to cloud computing, business analytics, the next generation of hardware, and security for large numbers of network devices.
From 2002 to 2010 the head of CERN openlab was Wolfgang von Rüden. Their successor was Bob Jones and the current leader of this collaboration, since 2015, is Alberto Di Meglio. The Chief Technology Officer is Maria Girone.
References
CERN
Information technology organizations based in Europe
The Quarter Ton Cup is a sailing trophy awarded to the winners of the world Quarter Ton class championships between 1968 and 1997 and for the Quarter Ton Classic Revival from 2005 to present. The class fleet still sails on the Solent.
Winners 1968 - 1997
Quarter Ton Cup Past Winners
1997 Italy Isola D'Elba (ITA)
1996 Travemünde PER ELISA (ITA)
1995 Gdynia PER ELISA (ITA)
1994 Warnemunde B & BV (ITA)
1993 Bayona GEN-MAR (ITA)
1992 Chioggia JONATHAN VI (ITA)
1991 Porto Carras MARFRIO PIRANHA (I)
1990 Bayona AVE (E)
1989 Falmouth MERIDIAN (I)
1988 Travemünde McDonald's (D)
1987 Crosshaven McDonald's (D)
1986 Copenhagen COMTE DE FLANDRES (KA)
1985 Ajaccio ROYAL FLUSH (SA)
1984 Nieuwpoort COMTE DE FLANDRES (F)
1982 Melbourne QUARTERMASTER (KA)
1981 Marseille LACYDON PROTIS (F)
1980 Panmure BULLIT (F)
1979 San Remo BULLIT (F)
1978 Sajima MAGICIAN V (J)
1977 Helsinki MANZANITA (E)
1976 Corpus Christi MAGIC BUS (KZ)
1975 Deauville 45 SOUTH (KZ)
1974 Malmo ACCENT (S)
1973 Weymouth EYGTHENE (US)
1972 La Rochelle PETITE FLEUR (F)
1971 La Rochelle TEQUILA (F)
1970 Travemünde FLEUR D'ECUME (F)
1969 Breskens LISTANG (G)
1968 Breskens PIRHANA (H)
1967 La Rochelle DEFENDER (B)
Winners 2005 - 2019
2019 Cowes PROTIS (GBR) J Fauroux
2018 Cowes AGUILA (GBR) Judel Vrolijk
2017 Cowes AGUILA (GBR) Judel Vrolijk
2016 Cowes BULLIT (GBR) J Fauroux
2015 Cowes BULLIT (GBR) J Fauroux
2014 Cowes BULLIT (GBR) J Fauroux
2013 Cowes ESPADA (GBR) Bruce Farr
2012 Cowes BULLIT (GBR) J Fauroux
2011 Cowes ESPADA (GBR) Bruce Farr
2010 Cowes COTE (ESP) Pepe Gonzalez
2009 Cowes ANCHOR CHALLENGE (GBR) Bruce Farr
2008 Cowes TOM BOMBADIL (GBR) Doug Peterson
2007 Cowes ESPADA (GBR) Bruce Farr
2006 Cowes ENIGMA (GBR) Ed Dubois
2005 Cowes PURPLE HAZE (GBR) David Thomas
References
http://quartertonclass.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=75&Itemid=469
http://www.histoiredeshalfs.com/Quarter%20Tonner/Q%20Ceccarelli%20Agr.htm
External links
Sailing competitions
Seo Myeong-Won (; born 19 April 1995) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a forward for Jeonnam Dragons.
Career
They signed with Daejeon Citizen in 2014. They made their debut in the league match against Suwon FC and their debut goal next match against Goyang Hi FC.
References
External links
Soccerway profile: https://int.soccerway.com/players/myeong-won-seo/333553/
1995 births
Living people
Association football forwards
South Korean footballers
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Gangwon FC players
K League 2 players
K League 1 players
People from Dangjin
The Sixth Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (generally known as the ARIA Music Awards or simply The ARIAS) was held on 6 March 1992 at the World Congress Centre in Melbourne. Hosts were international guest, Julian Lennon and local Richard Wilkins, they were assisted by presenters, Spinal Tap, Rod Stewart, Mick Jones and others to distribute 24 awards. There were live performances and for the first time the awards were televised.
In addition to previous categories, a "Special Achievement Award" was presented to entrepreneur Michael Gudinski and their label Mushroom Records. The ARIA Hall of Fame inducted only one act: Skyhooks.
Presenters and performers
The ARIA Awards ceremony was co-hosted by singer-songwriter Julian Lennon and TV personality Richard Wilkins. Presenters and performers were:
Awards
Nominees for most awards are shown in plain, with winners in bold.
ARIA Awards
Album of the Year
Baby Animals – Baby Animals
Jimmy Barnes – Soul Deep
Deborah Conway – String of Pearls
Crowded House – Woodface
Died Pretty – Doughboy Hollow
Single of the Year
Yothu Yindi – "Treaty (Filthy Lucre Remix)"
Baby Animals – "Early Warning"
Jimmy Barnes & John Farnham – "When Something Is Wrong with My Baby"
Daryl Braithwaite – "The Horses"
Deborah Conway – "It's Only the Beginning"
Highest Selling Album
Jimmy Barnes – Soul Deep
Cold Chisel – Chisel
Crowded House – Woodface
Ratcat – Blind Love
Noiseworks – Love Versus Money
John Farnham – Full House
Highest Selling Single
Melissa – "Read My Lips"
Daryl Braithwaite – "The Horses"
Jimmy Barnes & John Farnham – "When Something Is Wrong with My Baby"
Screaming Jets – "Better"
Jenny Morris – "Break in the Weather"
Best Group
INXS – Live Baby
Baby Animals – Baby Animals
Black Sorrows – "Never Let Me Go"
Crowded House – Woodface
Hunters & Collectors – "Where Do You Go?"
Best Female Artist
Deborah Conway – String of Pearls
Kate Ceberano – Think About It!
Kylie Minogue – Let's Get to It
Wendy Matthews – "Let's Kiss (Like Angels Do)"
Jenny Morris – Honeychild
Best Male Artist
Jimmy Barnes – Soul Deep
Daryl Braithwaite – "The Horses"
Tommy Emmanuel – Determination
John Farnham – Full House
Richard Pleasance – Galleon
Best New Talent
Underground Lovers – Underground Lovers
Degenerates – Out of My Head
Euphoria – "Love You Right"
Melissa – "Read My Lips"
Jo Beth Taylor – "99 Reasons"
Breakthrough Artist – Album
Baby Animals – Baby Animals
Clouds – Penny Century
Deborah Conway – String of Pearls
Ratcat – Blind Love
Richard Pleasance – Galleon
Breakthrough Artist – Single
Baby Animals – "Early Warning"
Deborah Conway – "It's Only the Beginning"
Maybe Dolls – "Nervous Kid"
Troy Newman – "Love Gets Rough"
Richard Pleasance – "Sarah (I Miss You)"
Best Country Album
Anne Kirkpatrick – Out of the Blue
James Blundell – "Time on Their Hands"
Graeme Connors – Tropicali
Keith Urban – "Only You"
John Williamson – Waratah St
Best Independent Release
Not Drowning, Waving – Proof
The Aints – Ascension
Def FX – Water
Ed Kuepper – Honey Steel's Gold
Underground Lovers – Underground Lovers
Best Indigenous Release
Yothu Yindi – Tribal Voice
Archie Roach – "Down City Streets"
Kev Carmody – Eulogy (For a Black Person)
Shane Howard – "Escape from Reality"
Not Drowning, Waving & The Musicians of Rabaul, Papua New Guinea featuring George Telek – Tabaran
Best Adult Contemporary Album
Tommy Emmanuel – Determination
Debbie Byrne – Caught in the Act
Grace Knight – Stormy Weather
Monica & the Moochers – Cotton on the Breeze
John Williamson – Waratah St
Best Comedy Release
John Clarke & Bryan Dawe – The Annual Report
Agro – Agro Too
Rodney Rude – A Legend
Rubbery Figures – "Recession Rap"
Kevin Bloody Wilson – Let's Call Him Kev
Fine Arts Awards
Best Jazz Album
Dale Barlow – Hipnotation
James Morrison – Manner Dangerous
Mike Nock Quartet – Dark and Curious
Carl Orr – Seeking Spirit
Ten Part Invention – Ten Part Invention
Best Classical Album
Stuart Challender, Sydney Symphony Orchestra – Vine: 3 Symphonies
Australian Ensemble – Cafe Concertino
The Australian Opera – Mozart Arias & Scenes
Geoffrey Lancaster – Fortepiano
Roger Woodward – Prokofiev Piano Works
Best Children's Album
Peter Combe – The Absolutely Very Best of Peter Combe (So Far) Recorded in Concert
Agro – Agro Too
Ruth Cracknell – Paul Gallico's The Snow Goose
Noni Hazlehurst – Noni Sings Day and Night Songs and Rhymes from Play School
Franciscus Henri – Dancing in the Kitchen
Best Original Soundtrack / Cast / Show Recording
Mario Millo – Brides of Christ
Jan Castor – Red Express
Not Drowning, Waving – Proof Soundtrack
Original Australian Cast – Return to the Forbidden Planet
Original Motion Picture Soundtrack for Philip Judd – Death in Brunswick
Artisan Awards
Song of the Year
Mandawuy Yunupingu, Gurrumul Yunupingu, Milkayngu Mununggurr, Stuart Kellaway, Paul Kelly, Cal Williams – Yothu Yindi – "Treaty"
Phil Buckle – Southern Sons – "Hold Me in Your Arms"
Suze DeMarchi, Eddie Parise, Dave Leslie – Baby Animals – "Early Warning"
Deborah Conway, Scott Cutler – Deborah Conway – "It's Only the Beginning"
Neil Finn – Crowded House – "Fall at Your Feet"
Producer of the Year
Simon Hussey – Craig McLachlan – "On My Own"; Daryl Braithwaite – "The Horses", "Higher than Hope", "Don't Hold Back Your Love"; James Reyne – "Slave"
Mark Moffatt, Gavin Campbell, Robert Goodge, Paul Main – Yothu Yindi – "Treaty (Filthy Lucre Remix)"
Nick Mainsbridge – Def FX – "Water"; – Ratcat – "Blind Love Don't Go Now"; – Tall Tales and True – "Lifeboat"
Richard Pleasance – Richard Pleasance – "Don't Cry"; Deborah Conway – "It's Only the Beginning", "Release Me", "White Roses"
Ross Fraser – Southern Sons – "Hold Me in Your Arms"; John Farnham – "In Days to Come", "That's Freedom"
Engineer of the Year
David Price, Ted Howard, Greg Henderson, Simon Polinski – Yothu Yindi – "Maralitja", "Dharpa", "Treaty", "Treaty (Filthy Lucre Remix)", "Tribal Voice"
Peter Cobbin – Grace Knight – "Crazy", "Fever", "Stormy Weather", "That Ole Devil Called Love"
Paul Kosky – Crowded House – "Chocolate Cake", "Woodface"
Nick Mainsbridge – Def FX – "Water"; – Ratcat – "Blind Love Don't Go Now"; – Tall Tales and True – "Lifeboat"
Doug Roberts – Deborah Conway – "Release Me", "White Roses", "Someday"
Best Video
John Hillcoat – Crowded House – "Chocolate Cake"
Paul Elliott – Boom Crash Opera – "Holywater"
Stephen Johnson – Yothu Yindi – "Treaty (Filthy Lucre Remix)"
Marcel Lunam – Died Pretty – "D.C."
Brendon Young – Tall Tales and True – "Lifeboat"
Best Cover Art
Louise Beach, Mushroom Art – Yothu Yindi – Tribal Voice
Pierre Baroni, Mushroom Art – Jimmy Barnes – Soul Deep
Pierre Baroni, Mushroom Art – Deborah Conway – String of Pearls
Richard Pleasance, Ross Hipwell – Richard Pleasance – Galleon
Tommy Steele, Nick Seymour – Crowded House – Woodface
Special Achievement Award
Michael Gudinski & Mushroom Records
ARIA Hall of Fame inductee
The Hall of Fame inductee was:
Skyhooks
References
External links
ARIA Awards official website
List of 1992 winners
1992 music awards
1992 in Australian music
ARIA Music Awards
Ironside is an unincorporated community in Malheur County, Oregon, United States. The community is northwest of Vale along U.S. Route 26. Ironside has a post office with ZIP Code 97908.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Ironside has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.
References
External links
Photos of Ironside from Panoramio
Unincorporated communities in Malheur County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
David Martin Smith (born 21 January 1962) is a former English cricketer. Smith was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox.  They are now a teacher at Hitchin Boys' School. They were born at Keresley, Warwickshire.
Smith made their first-class debut for Warwickshire against Hampshire in the 1981 County Championship. From 1981 to 1983, they represented Warwickshire in 3 further first-class matches, with their final first-class appearance coming against Oxford University. In their 4 first-class matches, they scored 148 runs at a batting average of 49.33, with a single century high score of 100* against Oxford University, batting from number 9 in their final first-class match. With the ball, they took 2 wickets at an expensive bowling average of 100.50, with best figures of 1/44.
In 1989, Smith joined Hertfordshire, where they made their debut for the county in the 1989 MCCA Knockout Trophy against Buckinghamshire. Their debut for the county in the Minor Counties Championship came in the same season against Cumberland. From 1989 to 1994, they represented the county in 11 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches and from 1989 to 1992, they represented the county in 21 Minor Counties Championship matches.
Smith also represented Hertfordshire in List-A cricket, where they made debut in List-A cricket against Nottinghamshire in the 1989 NatWest Trophy. Smith played two further List-A matches for the county, both against Warwickshire in the 1990 and 1991 NatWest Trophy. In their three matches they scored 79 runs at an average of 26.33, with a high score of 39. With the ball, they took a single wicket at an average of 53.00, with best figures of 1/26.
Smith is now a secondary school PE teacher at Hitchin Boys' School in Hertfordshire, England and is currently Director of Cricket, Badminton and Table Tennis.
Dave has been happily married to their wife Wilma since 1994 and has a son called Ben and stepson called Ed.
References
External links
David Smith at Cricinfo
David Smith at CricketArchive
1962 births
Living people
Cricketers from Coventry
People from Warwickshire
English cricketers
Warwickshire cricketers
Hertfordshire cricketers
Pierantonio is a given name of Italian origin. Notable people with this name include:
Pierantonio Clementi (born 1947), Italian biathlete
Pierantonio Costa (1939–2021), Italian business person and diplomat
Pierantonio Stiattesi (), Italian Renaissance artist
Pierantonio Tasca (1858–1934), Italian opera composer
Pierantonio Tremolada (born 1956), Italian catholic bishop
See also
A.S.D. Pierantonio Calcio 1965, an Italian association football club
Herblingen Castle is a castle in the municipality of Stetten of the Canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Schaffhausen
Castles in the canton of Schaffhausen
The 1942 Washington Senators won 62 games, lost 89, and finished in seventh place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
December 13, 1941: Johnny Welaj and Ken Chase were traded by the Senators to the Boston Red Sox for Stan Spence and Jack Wilson.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
June 1, 1942: Mike Chartak and Steve Sundra were traded by the Senators to the St. Louis Browns for Bill Trotter and Roy Cullenbine.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
Newport club folded, June 26, 1942; Florida East Coast League folded, May 14
References
External links
1942 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1942 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington Senators
Adam Haslmayr (31 October 1562 – 16 January 1630) was a German writer, who was the first commentator of the Rosicrucian Manifestos. They called the revelation of Paracelsus the "Theophrastia Sancta".
Life
Adam Haslmayr was born in Bozen, South Tyrol, and worked as a public notary in South Tyrol. In 1592 they published in Augsburg the Newe Teutsche Gesang, a printed collection of polyphonic songs in German. In 1612 they stated that they saw a manuscript of Fama Fraternitatis in 1610, although the text was first published in 1614. Their statement, published in their Answer to the Praiseworthy Brotherhood of Theosophers of Rozenkreuz was included in the same volume as the Fama Fraternitatis, but the original edition is still kept at the Anna-Amalia Library, Germany. Haslmayr was a close friend of Karl Widemann, with whom they had shared a house, and Benedictus Figulus, both also closely related to the early Rosicrucian furore. Figulus had brought Haslmayr into contact with Widemann, who in turn introduced them to prince August of Anhalt.
Haslmayr's Answer was published in 1612 with the financial aid of August of Anhalt. Shortly after, Haslmayr was sent to work at the galleys in Genoa by Maximilian III of Austria, and was released only 4-5 years later. They died in Augsburg.
References
Rosicrucianism
Paracelsus
1562 births
1630 deaths
Carenum leai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1916.
References
leai
Beetles described in 1916
The Love Trap is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by John Ince and starring Bryant Washburn, Mabel Forrest, and Wheeler Oakman.
Synopsis
A judge's daughter agrees to go with their fiancée to a roadhouse. However, they are murdered there by their abandoned wife and they are left facing black due to the potential scandal.
Cast
Preservation
A print of The Love Trap is held by the Cinémathèque québécoise of Montreal, Canada.
References
Bibliography
Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1923 films
1923 drama films
1920s English-language films
American silent feature films
Silent American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by John Ince
1920s American films
Mioarele is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Aluniș, Chilii, Cocenești, Mățău (the commune center) and Suslănești.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The 171st Infantry Brigade was an infantry brigade of the United States Army based at Fort Jackson, South Carolina. With a long history of serving, the brigade saw action during both World War I and World War II before it was inactivated in 1946. During the Cold War (in 1963) the brigade was once again activated for a period of ten years until again inactivated in 1972. In 2007 the brigade was reactivated as a training support unit and inactivated on 10 June 2016.
History
World War I
Constituted 5 August 1917 in the National Army as Headquarters, 171st Infantry Brigade, and assigned to the 86th Division. Organized 3 September 1917 at Camp Grant in Rockford, Illinois. Demobilized in January 1919 at Camp Grant, Illinois. Reconstituted 24 June 1921 in the Organized Reserves as Headquarters and headquarters Company, 171st Infantry Brigade, and assigned to the 86th Division. organized in July 1922 at Chicago, Illinois. Redesignated 23 March 1925 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 171st Brigade. Redesignated 24 August 1936 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 171st Infantry Brigade.
Composition 1917-1936
Headquarters Company
341st Infantry Regiment
342nd Infantry Regiment
332nd Machine Gun Battalion
World War II
Converted and redesignated 31 March 1942 as the 86th Reconnaissance Troop (less 3d Platoon), 86th Division (Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 172d Infantry Brigade, concurrently converted and redesignated as the 3d Platoon, 86th Reconnaissance Troop, 86th Division). Troop ordered into active military service 15 December 1942 and reorganized at Camp Howze, Texas, as the 86th Cavalry Reconnaissance Troop, an element of the 86th Infantry Division. Reorganized and redesignated 5 August 1943 as the 86th Reconnaissance Troop, Mechanized. Reorganized and redesignated 10 October 1945 as the 86th Mechanized Reconnaissance Troop. Inactivated 30 December 1946 in the Philippine Islands. (Organized Reserves redesignated 25 March 1948 as the Organized Reserve Corps; redesignated 9 July 1952 as the Army Reserve.)
Cold War
Converted and redesignated (less 3d Platoon) 20 May 1963 as Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 171st Infantry Brigade, and relieved from assignment to the 86th Infantry Division; concurrently withdrawn from the Army Reserve and allotted to the Regular Army (3d Platoon, 86th Reconnaissance Troop – hereafter separate lineage). Brigade activated 1 July 1963 at Fort Wainwright in Fairbanks, Alaska. Inactivated 13 November 1972 in Alaska.
While in Alaska included elements of the 40th Armor Regiment.
In 1964-1966 the 171st Infantry Brigade (Mechanized) included A Co, 40th Armor, 4th battalion, 9th inf: 1st battalion, 47th Infantry 15th field artillery, 171st transportation, (helicopters) and 171st support battalion. In 1966 the 4th battalion, 9th infantry deployed to Vietnam. The 559th Engineer Company (Combat) was also a part of the 171st Infantry Brigade (M). In 1968 the 559th was commanded by Major William D. Anderson, who, after being assigned to South Vietnam was succeeded by the most capable Captain Peter V. B. Marshalk.
Although the 171st Infantry is now located in Fort Jackson, SC, the patch depicts the sword with mountains of the Alaskan range and the Northern Lights. A similar patch of the 172nd Inf Brigade depicts the sword, mountains, and the constellation "Big Dipper."
The 171st Infantry Brigade was assigned to Fort Wainwright AK, near Fairbanks. Its primary mission was to defend Eielson AFB. The 172nd Inf Brigade was near Anchorage, AK and its primary mission was to defend Elmendorf AFB. Both brigades trained to fight under arctic conditions.
Post-Cold War
On 16 March 2007, the 171st Infantry Brigade was reactivated at Fort Jackson, South Carolina with the mission to support training resulting in the transformation of civilians into American soldiers. On 10 June 2016, as part of the overall drawdown of the Army, the brigade was inactivated in a ceremony at Fort Jackson, with subordinate units being inactivated or reassigned to other commands.
Headquarters & Headquarters Company
4th Battalion, 10th Infantry Regiment (reflagged as Special Troops Battalion on 1 October 2014; concurrent with the inactivation of the brigade, the STB was reassigned to the US Army Garrison)
Family Readiness and Support
HHC ATC
Company B (Ranges)
USA Student Detachment
17th Military Police Detachment
282d Army Band
120th Adjutant General Battalion (reassigned to the 193rd Infantry Brigade)
187th Ordnance Battalion (inactivated in 2015)
Drill Sergeant School
Task Force Marshall
Campaign participation credit
World War I (Streamer without inscription)
World War II
Central Europe
References
"The history of the 171st Infantry Brigade"
"The Brigade: A History, Its Organization and Employment in the US Army" the 1st of the 13th Inf was also assigned to the 171 (heavy foot) Bde. We were trained as both a mountain unit and an Arctic warfare unit. Toughest assignment I ever had
171
Military units and formations established in 1917
Military units and formations disestablished in 2016
Madison Southern High School is a public high school located in Berea, Kentucky, United States. The school mascot is the Eagles, with the school colors being orange and navy blue.
It is one of three high schools in Madison County, Kentucky and one of two high schools in the Madison County School System.
References
External links
Official website
Schools in Madison County, Kentucky
Public high schools in Kentucky
Amro El-Geioushy (born 1 July 1971) is an Egyptian handball player. They competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Cupio is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Nikolai Dmitrievich Chindyajkin () is a Russian actor and theatre director. Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1985), People's Artist of Russia (2013).
Selected filmography
1995 Music for December
1998 Mama Don't Cry
2000 Empire under Attack (TV)
2000 Tender Age
2002 In Motion
2006 The Orange Sky
2007 The Sovereign's Servant
2012 And Here's What's Happening to Me
2013-present The Sniffer (TV)
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Russian male film actors
Russian male stage actors
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male stage actors
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
People's Artists of Russia
Russian Academy of Theatre Arts alumni
San Sebastián is a Gothic-style, Roman Catholic parish church in the small town of Villapalacios in the province of Albacete, in Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
History
A church at the site was erected in the late 15th century and sited in the main plaza, adjacent to the city hall. The building consists of a single nave some 40 meters long and 10 meters wide, with external buttresses. The bell-tower suffered damage during an earthquake in 1755. The Chapel of the Incarnation was once locate on the north side, but collapsed in that earthquake. The ceiling is made of wood. The choir is also an elevated balcony made of wood and highly painted in a mudejar style with arabesques and designs. Some of the wooden supports have carved grotesque faces.
The building was declared a Monumento Histórico Artístico in the BOE número 72, in March, 1978.
References
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Churches in Castilla–La Mancha
The variable wheatear (Oenanthe picata) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae. It is found in Afghanistan, Egypt, India, Iran, Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, the United Arab Emirates, and Uzbekistan.
Its natural habitat is hot deserts.
Description
The variable wheatear is a bird of arid and semi-arid region, and is locally abundant in barren rocky areas, sand dunes with scrub vegetation, cultivation, ravines, outside villages and nomadic encampments.
It is polymorphic and has three distinct morphs.
Black-bellied phase ('opistholeuca'). Male (adult). Entirely jet black except rump, under tail-coverts, base and sides of tail which are white; central rectrices and terminal band of tail black. Female has black parts replaced by sooty black.
White-bellied phase ('picata') Male (adult). Like the preceding but belly white. Female similar to male but black parts replaced by grayish brown; belly more buffish.
White-crowned phase ('capistrata'). Male (adult). Like picata, with white belly and black throat, but crown and nape white. Female similar to male but black parts and crown earthy brown; belly more buffish.
The geographical dominance of the three types of females does not exactly correspond to the dominances of the three color phases of the males, but in their wintering grounds there is some corresponding separation.
Distribution and habitat
This species is found in northeast and southeast Iran and Turkmenistan eastern to western Tien Shan, Pamirs, and northern and western Pakistan; non-breeding in southwest Asia. Common and generally distributed in winter in Pakistan and northwestern India southeast to Delhi, central Madhya Pradesh and northern Maharashtra (Khandesh). Arrives on breeding grounds in March (Baluchistan) or mid April (Chitral), remains till September. May be seen in winter quarters from the beginning of August (Karachi dist) till the end of March.
In winter frequents stony semi-desert, and desert with sparsely scrubbed sand dunes, cultivation, ravines, outskirts of villages and nomadic encampments, cattle corrals, etc.; usually from almost sea level to c. 1200 m, but has been observed also at 2700 m in deep snow.
References
variable wheatear
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of the Middle East
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of Central Asia
variable wheatear
variable wheatear
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Thomas Benjamin Jones (23 March 1920 – 1972) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger for Tranmere Rovers, Chelsea and Accrington Stanley in the Football League. They were born in Frodsham, Cheshire.
References
1920 births
1972 deaths
People from Frodsham
English footballers
Association football wingers
Ellesmere Port Town F.C. players
Tranmere Rovers F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891) players
Dartford F.C. players
English Football League players
Sportspeople from Cheshire
Mikheyevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.
Geography
Mikheyevskaya is located 8 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pogonyayevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Roxbury Park may refer to:
Luna Park, Johnstown, Pennsylvania
Roxbury Heritage State Park, Boston, Massachusetts
Roxbury Memorial Park, Beverly Hills, California
West Roxbury Parkway, Boston, Massachusetts
See also
Roxbury (disambiguation)
Professor John Hope (10 May 1725 – 10 November 1786) was a Scottish physician and botanist. Although they did enormous work on plant classification and plant physiology, due to an absence of publications, they are now best known as an early supporter of Carl Linnaeus's system of classification.
In 1783 they were a joint founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
In 1784 Hope was elected as president of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (1784-6).
Early life
Born in Edinburgh on 10 May 1725, John Hope was the son of surgeon Robert Hope and Marion Glas, and a grandson of Archibald Hope, Lord Rankeillor, a Senator of the College of Justice who was in turn the son of Sir John Hope, 2nd Baronet. They were the great-grandson of Sir Thomas Hope, 1st Baronet.
They were educated at Dalkeith Grammar School, then studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh. They took leave to study botany under Bernard de Jussieu at the University of Paris, but returned to their studies in Scotland, graduating MD from the University of Glasgow in 1750.
For the next decade they practiced medicine, indulging in botany in their spare time. With the death of Charles Alston in 1760, they succeeded them as the 4th Regius Keeper of the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh and King's Botanist and as Professor of Botany and Materia Medica at the University of Edinburgh. However Hope saw their responsibility for materia medica as a threat to their work in botany, and therefore arranged for the chair to be split: Hope became Professor of Medicine and Botany, and a separate chair of Materia Medica are created.
In 1763, Hope succeeding in combining the gardens and collections at Trinity Hospital and Holyrood to a new, combined site on the road to Leith. They also succeeded in obtaining a permanent endowment for the garden, thus establishing arguably the first ever "Royal Botanic Garden". Though they published only a few papers, and is therefore little remembered as a botanist, they made many early physiological experiments. These informed their teaching, but were not published, and were only discovered in their unpublished manuscripts many years after their death. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in February 1767. They were appointed Physician in Ordinary to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh in 1768.
In later life they lived at High School Yards on the southern edge of the Old Town.
They died in Edinburgh on 10 November 1786, and was interred at Greyfriars Kirkyard.
Botanical Reference
The genus Hopea is named after Hope.
Family
They were married to Juliana Stevenson, sister of Dr Alexander Stevenson, also a joint founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
The couple had the following children:
Robert Hope
Marianne Hope, d. 1837, married James Walker, Esq.
Major John Hope, (1765-1840)
Thomas Charles Hope, FRSE, (1766-1844)
James Hope WS, (1769-1842)
Their grandson, John Hope WS (1807-1893) was a noted campaigner and philanthropist who founded the Hope Trust.
References
Scottish botanists
Plant physiologists
Scottish surgeons
1725 births
1786 deaths
Founder Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
Presidents of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh
John
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
People from Dalkeith
Medical doctors from Edinburgh
Burials at Greyfriars Kirkyard
18th-century British botanists
18th-century Scottish medical doctors
Scientists from Edinburgh
Huemulite is a mineral with formula Na4Mg(V10O28)·24H2O that is yellow to orange in color. It was first discovered in Argentina in 1959 and described in 1966. The mineral is named for the Huemul mine in which it was discovered.
Occurrence and properties
Huemulite is yellowish orange to orange and bright in color. The mineral occurs as thin films, aggregates of fine fibers, botryoidal masses, and interstitial filling in host sandstone. Huemulite has been found in Argentina, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom, and the United States. It occurs in association with epsomite, gypsum, hummerite, rossite, and thenardite.
Huemulite is a member of the pascoite group. It melts at to become a red liquid. Huemulite dissolves readily in cold water to produce an orange-yellow solution with a pH of 5.5 to 6.5.
Formation and synthesis
In Argentina, the mineral formed after mine tunnels were cut through Cu-U deposits in sandstone and conglomerate. The vanadium in huemulite is thought to originate from asphaltic material that occurs in association with the sandstone.
Huemulite can be synthesized by mixing stoichiometric proportions of vanadium pentoxide, magnesium carbonate, and sodium carbonate in cold water in a humid environment. The mixture is heated to dissolve the compounds which react with each other as CO2 is drawn off. The solution is then concentrated, excess vanadic acid is removed by filtration, and allowed to cool and crystallize.
Since huemulite dissolves easily in water, it can be recrystallized by evaporating the mineral solution. When evaporated slowly, the process creates well-formed crystals up to and . In a more humid environment, fibrous crystals or acicular radial aggregates are formed.
Both recrystallized and synthetic huemulite have tabular habit.
Structure
Huemulite exhibits the triclinic crystal system with space group P and one formula unit per unit cell. The crystal structure consists of decavanadate anions (V10O28)6− linked by an interstitial complex of isolated [Mg(H2O)6]2+ and an infinite zigzag chain of [Na4(H2O)14]4+. There are a further four isolated H2O groups, two of which are positionally disordered.
History
Huemulite was discovered in the area of Malargüe in Mendoza Province, Argentina. The first specimen was collected in 1959 by V. Angelelli of the Geology Department of CNEA on level -18 of the Agua Botada ore body. The specimen was sent to E. Linares who determined it to be unlike any known mineral. Further specimens were collected in the mine as well as the nearby Huemul and Agua Botada Sur mines. In 1963, a preliminary report on the mineral was presented to the II Argentine Geological Congress. In 1964, the unit cell was measured at Yale University by Linares and H. Winchell and the mineral's chemical and physical properties were checked by C. E. Gordillo and R. O. Toubes. The mineral was named huemulite after the Huemul mine in which it was discovered. On May 19, 1965, the mineral and name were approved by the Commission on New Minerals and Mineral Names of the IMA. Huemulite was described in 1966 in the journal American Mineralogist by Gordillo, Linares, Toubes, and Winchell.
Synthetic huemulite was deposited by Gordillo in the Museo de Mineralogía of the Universidad Nacional de Córdoba. No type specimens were designated by them, however, a type specimen was donated by Linares to the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C. Unfortunately, during a 2011 study, the only mineral detected similar to huemulite was lasalite. It was determined that Gordillo et al. most likely used fully hydrated huemulite in chemical analysis and partially dehydrated huemulite in determining the mineral's powder X-ray diffraction.
Analysis
Huemulite in its natural form is too fine-grained for accurate study of its physical and optical properties; however, it can readily be recrystallized after dissolving the mineral in water. As far as can be determined, both recrystallized and synthetic huemulite are identical to natural specimens.
References
Bibliography
External links
Photos of huemulite from mindat.org
Triclinic minerals
Sodium minerals
Magnesium minerals
Vanadate minerals
Hydrates
Minerals in space group 2
Beech Grove is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Tuxentius cretosus, the savanna pied Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Senegal, the Gambia, Burkina Faso, Ghana, Mali, Nigeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Somalia, Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of dry savanna and Guinea savanna.
The larval host plant also serves as the nectar source for the adults. Adult males mud-puddle.
The larvae feed on Ziziphus jujuba. They feed on the underside of the leaves of the host plant, eating only the outer cortex and never through the leaf.
Subspecies
Tuxentius cretosus cretosus (Ethiopia, coast of Kenya)
Tuxentius cretosus lactinatus (Butler, 1886) (Somalia)
Tuxentius cretosus nodieri (Oberthür, 1883) (Senegal, the Gambia, Burkina Faso, northern Ghana, Mali, northern Nigeria, northern Cameroon)
Tuxentius cretosus usemia (Neave, 1904) (Uganda, northern and western Kenya)
References
Butterflies described in 1876
Polyommatini
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
"Behind the Red Door" is the sixth episode of the second season of the American television drama series The Americans, and the 19th overall episode of the series. It originally aired on FX in the United States on April 2, 2014.
Plot
Claudia (Margo Martindale) gives Elizabeth and Philip instructions on how to kill Larrick (Lee Tergesen) if they discover they are Emmett and Leanne's killer. Meanwhile, Stan meets Oleg in a safe house and is given three days to meet Oleg's demands. Later that day, Elizabeth and Philip meet Larrick, and they claim they wanted to kill Emmett and Leanne, but they didn't get to them first. Elizabeth and Philip believe him. Later that night, Elizabeth seduces Philip, wanting to meet "Clark," but Philip is confused and somewhat offended, and backs off. At the same time, Stan is home eating dinner while their wife and son talk about the death of John Belushi. They later goes to the copy room and goes through Oleg's surveillance logs.
Elizabeth keeps pressing Philip about Clark, but is interrupted when they discover Paige quit the volleyball team, and they need to meet Kate. Philip tells them they plan to kill Larrick after a mission and asks that their family remain unexposed. Kate accepts their request, and tells Elizabeth that Lucia needs to help them get into the Capitol. Lucia seduces the member of congress's assistant, Carl, and lures them into the office to have sex while Elizabeth steals the files. After the success, Elizabeth tells Lucia to kill the assistant so nothing will be traced back to them
Stan goes to Gaad's home, and tells them Nina has been compromised. Gaad refuses to hear anything so they won't have to lie if they are forced to testify before a congressional committee. Oleg meets Arkady and tells them the ARPANET is the future. When asked by Arkady if Stan will meet Oleg's demands, they reply "50-50". Elizabeth seduces Philip in their Clark costume and they sensually kiss them Disappointed, they demand to see the animal Clark is instead of Philip's sensitive nature, and they relent by viciously having sex with them They shout at them "Is that what you want?", to their shock. Philip goes to the bathroom disgusted with themselves and rips off their wig while Elizabeth is on the bed sobbing.
Lucia is with Carl and they say they want them to meet their family. They prepare some heroin and they poison it when they leave the room to get them some water. Immediately after injecting the drug, they choke on their vomit and dies. Elizabeth comes back home and Paige tells them they quit volleyball because they had more fun at church. Paige asks their parents to stop by sometime. Elizabeth later goes to Philip and asks "Are you mad at me?" Philip tells them they aren't, and asks them about Lucia.
Stan tells Nina that Oleg knows about them. Stan tells them that they will have to take a polygraph test to be exfiltrated, and they tell them they are done and storms out. Larrick confronts Philip at a mission, and Elizabeth asks Claudia whom to search next, and they reply "me". They told Elizabeth they were lonely and was in a relationship, and may have inadvertently led their lover to Emmett and Leanne. Claudia claims they told them to pursue the killer so they could remain safe from them They also tell Elizabeth they are lucky to have Philip in their life before they finally part. The episode ends with Elizabeth driving away.
Production
The episode was written by Melissa James Gibson and directed by Charlotte Sieling.
Reception
The episode was viewed by 1.21 million viewers. The reviews for this episode were overwhelmingly positive, and The Wall Street Journal lauded the performances of Russell and Rhys. The A.V. Club rated gave the episode a perfect A. Alan Sepinwall from Hitfix reviewed the episode positively.
References
External links
"Behind the Red Door" at FX
The Americans (season 2) episodes
2014 American television episodes
Sistema is a Russian conglomerate company.
Sistema may also refer to:
Sistema (Russian politics), a term for endemic corruption
Sistema Plastics, a New Zealand plastic container company
El Sistema, a music education programme in Venezuela
Sistema, an Italian term for a staff (music)
See also
Systema (disambiguation)
System (disambiguation)
Tătărăștii de Sus is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Dobreni, Tătărăștii de Sus and Udupu.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Wintergreen is a census-designated place (CDP) in Augusta and Nelson counties, Virginia, United States, located near Wintergreen Resort. The population as of the 2010 Census was 165.
River Bluff was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. Wintergreen is also the name of a large resort community which is 9 miles away.
References
Virginia Trend Report 2: State and Complete Places (Sub-state 2010 Census Data)
Census-designated places in Augusta County, Virginia
Census-designated places in Nelson County, Virginia
Argheshabad (, also Romanized as Argheshābād; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 559, in 147 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Zhima Credit (), also known as Sesame Credit, is a private credit scoring and loyalty program system developed by Ant Group, an affiliate of the Chinese Alibaba Group. It uses data from Alibaba's services to compile its score. Customers receive a score based on a variety of factors based on social media interactions and purchases carried out on Alibaba Group websites or paid for using its affiliate Ant Financial's Alipay mobile wallet. The rewards of having a high score include easier access to loans from Ant Financial and having a more trustworthy profile on e-commerce sites within the Alibaba Group.
History
Zhima Credit was introduced on 28 January 2015. to be the first credit agency in China to use a score system for individual users, using both online and offline information. It was developed when the People's Bank of China lifted the restrictions and let non-bank institutes conduct personal credit information operations.
Usage
Baihe.com, a Chinese matchmaking company, uses Zhima Credit data as part of its service.
Zhima Credit's scoring system is roughly modeled after FICO scoring in the United States and Schufa in Germany.
Technology platform
In 2015, Zhima Credit published information on the methodology behind its currently running beta version.
Zhima Credit's scoring system is roughly modeled after FICO scoring in the United States and Schufa in Germany.
Data collection
The corporate network of Zhima Credit, led by the Alibaba Group, spans over insurance, loan, historical payment, dating, shopping and mobility data. It collects data from all sources by utilizing the regulatory freedom it built from objects and social networks, public and private institutions and offline and online. The system is powered by "data from more than 300 million real-name registered users and 37 million small businesses that buy and sell on Alibaba Group marketplaces". Due to Zhima Credit's close collaboration with the government, it also has access to all public documents, such as official identity and financial records.
Data distribution
Zhima Credit emphasizes its strict privacy and data protection, ensured through encryption and segregation. The firm also states that data is only gathered upon knowledge and consent of the user. According to Ant Financial, users' scores can currently only be shared with their authorization or by themselves.
Data Structure
Big data and behavioral analytics are building blocks for the system. Data fragments are classified into five categories:
Credit History: Reflects users' past payment history and level of debt
Fulfillment Capacity: Shows users' ability to fulfill contract obligations
Personal Characteristics: Examine the extent and accuracy of personal information
Behavior and Preferences: Reveal users' online behavior
Interpersonal Relationships: Reflect the online characteristics of a user' friends
The specifications of the algorithm that determine the classification, as well as the analytical parameters and indicators remain confidential. It is unclear is whether data is structured to build in tolerances for errors, for example the likelihood of a unit of data being false or from an unreliable source.
Data visualization
The five categories that Zhima Credit classifies its data into, have different weightings attached to them. Based on those, an algorithm determines a citizen's final citizen score, ranked among others. The scores in the ranking range from 350 (the lowest trustworthiness) to 950 (the highest trustworthiness). From 600 up, one can gain privileges, while lower scorers will revoke them. According to current plans, the final score and ranking will be publicly available.
Relation to Social Credit System
The Social Credit System was introduced by the Chinese government and Alibaba promotes Sesame credit as a technology partner of the government's project. Initially, it was unclear how closely tied the Sesame credit is in relation to the national social credit system.
In November 2017, Zhima Credit's general manager, Hu Tao, stated that no Zhima Credit data is shared with the Chinese government or other third parties without a user's consent. They also denied the company monitors social media content, or any other method, to assess a customer's 'qualitative characteristics' for Zhima Credit.
In 2017, the Chinese government concluded that none of the pilots, which includes Sesame credit, will receive authorization as the official credit reporting system, due to concerns on conflicts of interest.
See also
Tencent - also offers a credit scoring system
References
External links
Credit scoring
Financial services companies established in 2015
2015 establishments in China
Alibaba Group
Ladislaus Dlabac (born 9 March 1885, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer. They played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1908.
References
External links
1885 births
Year of death missing
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
There were several, possibly related, dynasties known as Mitra dynasty ruling in different regions of India:
Mitra dynasty (Ayodhya)
Mitra dynasty (Kosambi), rulers of Vatsa (now Allahabad), c. 100 BCE–350 CE
Mitra dynasty (Magadha)
Mitra dynasty (Mathura), rulers of Mathura, c. 150–50 BCE
Mitra dynasty (Panchala)
Joint Task Force Guantanamo counter-terrorism analysts assert that the Dimaj Institute "...is a known terrorist training center".
The Summary of Evidence memo prepared for
Al Khadr Abdallah Muhammed Al Yafi's
Combatant Status Review Tribunal,
on 14 October 2004, and the
Summary of Evidence memo prepared for
their first annual Administrative Review Board, on 22 September 2005, stated:
{| class="wikitable"
|
Detainee studied for six months at the Dimaj Institute.
The Dimaj Institute is a known terrorist training center.
|}
The Summary of Evidence memo prepared for Al Khadr Abdallah Muhammed Al Yafi's second annual review, on 19 May 2006, stated:
{| class="wikitable"
|
The detainee studied for six months at the al Dimaj Institute in Sadah, Yemen under Sheikh Muqbuil al Wadi.
The al Dimaj Institute (Training Center) was used for indoctrination and recruiting grounds for foreign extremists/terrorists seeking entry into other paramilitary or jihad organizations.
|}
References
Buildings and structures in Yemen
Saada Governorate
The 1923 season was Wisła Krakóws 15th year as a club.
Friendlies
A-Klasa
League standings
Mistrzostwa Polski
Squad, appearances and goals
|-
|}
Goalscorers
Disciplinary record
External links
1923 Wisła Kraków season at historiawisly.pl
Wisła Kraków seasons
Association football clubs 1923 season
Wisla
Unicorns is an upcoming drama film directed by Àlex Lora starring Greta Fernández alongside Elena Martín, Nora Navas, Pablo Molinero, Lídia Casanova and Alejandro Pau.
Plot
The life of young, polyamorous and ambitious Isa begins to crumble as, undecided about committing to a stable monogamous relationship with Guillem, they return to their family's home with their mother.
Cast
Production
The screenplay is a loose adaptation of Sofía Ros' novel Mi casa en llamas, which deviates from the original work in primarily focusing on the protagonist's personal transformation. It was penned by Marta Vivet, Pilar Palomero, María Mínguez and Àlex Lora. The film was produced by Inicia Films alongside Jaibo Films, with support from of TV3, IB3, ICEC, Movistar+ and Creative Europe's MEDIA. Thais Català worked as cinematographer.
Filming began in the province of Alicante, with some footage shot in Cala el Xarco (Villajoyosa), also shooting in Barcelona.
Release
Distributed by Filmax, the film's theatrical release in Spain is expected for 2022.
See also
List of Spanish films of 2022
References
Upcoming films
Spanish drama films
Films shot in the province of Alicante
Films shot in Barcelona
Peter Wilson (born October 22, 1952, in Ottawa, Ontario) was a Canadian ski jumper who competed internationally from 1971 to 1976. Peter competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics at Sapporo and 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck and the 1972 Planica and 1973 Oberstdorf World Ski Flying Championships, and the 1974 FIS World Nordic Ski Championships in Falun. They also rowed for the Ottawa Rowing Club and won at the Royal Canadian Henley in the 145 lb. fours with (1972) and without coxswain (1973).
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Ski jumpers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Hanjarak-e Bala (, also Romanized as Hanjarak-e Bālā; also known as Hajrak, Hanjarak, and Khanjarak) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Elizabeth Eleanor Greatorex (1854–1917) was an American painter and illustrator.
Early life
Eleanor Greatorex was born in 1854 in New York City. Them mother was Eliza Pratt Greatorex and their sister, Kathleen Honora Greatorex.
Mid-life and career
They painted primarily flowers and figurative works. Greatorex attended the National Academy of Design from 1869 until 1870. They were a member of the New York Etching Club. They studied under Carolus-Duran and Jean-Jacques Henner, while in Paris in 1879.
They became sick while working in Algiers in 1881. They returned to New York. After they became well, they traveled again, often with their sister. They had a studio with their mother and sister in New York. They were deaf for most of their life.
 They are buried on the Moret-sur-Loing cemetery.
Notable collections
"Portrait of Mrs. John Gellatly", 1890–1897, oil on wood; Smithsonian American Art Museum
References
External links
An image and French feature of Eleanor Greatorex via the New York Public Library
Artists from New York City
Painters from New York (state)
American women painters
1854 births
1917 deaths
Deaf artists
Melody for Two is a 1937 American musical film directed by Louis King and starring James Melton, Patricia Ellis and Marie Wilson.
The film is notable for introducing the song "September in the Rain", which subsequently became a pop standard. The film's art direction was by Esdras Hartley.
Plot
Cast
Reception
Critical response
Frank S. Nugent of The New York Times writes in their review: "Whipping itself into a fine orchestral frenzy, Melody for Two (at the Palace) posts tenor James Melton behind one swing band and alto Patricia Ellis behind another. As friendly enemies in the night clubs and over the airways they are prepared to fight it out, even if it takes all Summer. Mr. Melton has a pleasant voice for a few pleasant Warren and Dubin tunes and Miss Ellis and Wini Shaw handle their vocal stints easily. But nothing much ever happens—certainly nothing you can't afford to miss. Would it surprise you very much if we whispered that the rival bands and band leaders ultimately appear on twin stages for Delight cigarettes? We thought not. . . . The other half of the double bill is Café Metropole."
References
Sources
External links
1937 films
1937 musical films
American musical films
Films directed by Louis King
Warner Bros. films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
George Holmes (1662–1749) was an English archivist, best known as the editor of Thomas Rymer's Fœdera.
Life
Born in 1662 at Skipton-in-Craven, Yorkshire, Holmes became, in about 1695, clerk to Sir William Petyt, Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London. For nearly sixty years they acted as deputy to Petyt, and their successors Richard Topham and David Polhill. They were also barrack-master at the Tower, a Fellow of the Royal Society, an early member of the Society of Antiquaries of London, and a member of the Gentlemen's Society at Spalding.
Thomas Madox worked closely with Holmes on their edition of the Dialogus de Scaccario; and Browne Willis, De Blossiers Tovey, William Richardson, and other antiquaries acknowledged their assistance. From October 1707 until their death they were employed, on the nomination of Lord Halifax, chairperson of committees in the House of Commons, to arrange the records deposited in the Tower, at a salary of £200. They died 16 February 1749, and their collection of books, prints, and coins was sold that year by Abraham Langford.
Works
Holmes prepared the initial 17 volumes of the second edition of Rymer's Fœdera, (20 vols., London 1727–35). They collated the documents with the originals in the Tower of London, and supplied omissions in the first edition. The additions made by Holmes are considered to be of a higher quality than those by Robert Sanderson, Rymer's earlier editor. The final three volumes were the same for both editions. Volume 17 of the second edition had a general index to the preceding volumes.
A project of Peter Le Neve from the early 1720s to catalogue old British coins involved Holmes with James Hill. The ambitions to make a complete numismatic history fell through.
Family
Holmes married the daughter of a sword-cutler in Fleet Street named Marshall. Their wife, who survived him, received £200 from the government and £200 for their husband's manuscripts relating to the public records, which were deposited among the official documents at the Tower of London. An only son, George, received their education at Eton College, and was clerk under their father; they died at the age of 25.
Notes
Attribution
External links
Archival Material at
1662 births
1749 deaths
English archivists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Hamamak (, also Romanized as Ḩamāmak) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District, in the Central District of Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 970, in 248 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Chernóbil... ¡Qué cuchitril! is a Spanish comic written and created by Francisco Ibáñez in 2011 for the Mortadelo y Filemón comic series, referencing the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.
Plot
Mortadelo and Filemón (Mort and Phil) must go to Chernobyl, Ukraine when their boss, the Súper, explains to them that 25 years after the famous disaster, a mysterious gas emerges from inside the sarcophagus and all the people and animals who smell it became too aggressive. As an example, the Súper brings a sheep who beats Filemón without any explanation.
After a long travel, the couple arrive at the border on their way to investigate the nuclear plant and discover how the gas escapes from a crevice, however, they get spread for the radiation and they try to kill each other until they fall into a pond that turns out to be the antidote. Nevertheless, they realize that this is all an elaborated plan by a smuggler who intends to use the gas to make profit with arms trafficking. This one kidnaps the T.I.A.'s officers and force them to upload boxes with guns at the truck until Mortadelo activates a huge missile after they mistake its remote with a radio, killing the criminals.
Before leaving the zone, Mortadelo makes a homemaker antidote with the pond and the gas itself and everybody infected become to their senses. They return to T.I.A. headquarters, but when they take a sample flask with the vial and it falls down breaking it, the gas leaks and the agents as well as the Súper, Bacterio and Ofelia turn aggressive at the precise moment the Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero enters to give them a medal of honour for the job.
References
Spanish comics titles
Chernobyl disaster in fiction
Francisco Codera y Zaidín (Huesca, Spain, 23 June 1836 – 6 November 1917) was a Spanish historian, philologist and Arabist scholar. Among their students, known in the academic field as the Beni Codera, were Arabists Rafael Altamira and José Deleito.
Life
Codera Zaidín was a Professor of Greek, Hebrew and Arabic respectively in Granada, Zaragoza and the Central University,. As the principal student of Pascual Gayangos, they were an outstanding Arabist and succeeded them to the chair of Arabic at the Central University. They were appointed a permanent member of the Real Academia de la Historia on 20 April 1879. They were a language academic at the Royal Spanish Academy from 1910.
Works
Rigorously positivist, their works generally focus on historiographic sources of Arab origin (Estudios de historia arábigo-española, Decadencia y Desaparición de los Almorávides en España, 1899, reissued with an important introductory study by María Jesús Viguera Molins in 2004). Their works include Tratado de numismática arabigoespañola ('Treaty of Arabo-Spanish Numismatics'), (1879); Estudios críticos de Historia árabe española ('Critical Studies of Spanish Arab History') (1917, 2 vols.) and above all, their monumental Biblioteca arabigohispana ('Arab-Hispanic Library') (1882–1895, 10 vols.). They also contributed to scholarship in Aragonese phonetics and promoted Arabic studies in Spain. They retired to their native town of Fonz, in the province of Huesca, to devote themselves to their scholarly studies and the writing of treaties on agriculture. Their students include Julián Ribera. Their archive is conserved at the "Biblioteca de la Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia" (UNED).
See also
Encyclopædia Britannica Online
References
Bibliography
External links
Biobibliography at the GEA
1836 births
1917 deaths
19th-century Spanish historians
20th-century Spanish historians
19th-century philologists
20th-century philologists
19th-century linguists
20th-century linguists
Members of the Royal Spanish Academy
Spanish Arabists
Spanish orientalists
Augusta Öhrström-Renard (16 February 1856 – 4 November 1921) was a Swedish mezzo-soprano opera singer who performed at the Royal Theatre in Stockholm (1881–1883) and gave concerts in France and North America. Them operatic roles included Azucena in Il trovatore, Bergadrottningen in Den bergtagna and Marta in the Swedish première of Mefistofele in 1883. From 1897 they lived in New York where they were engaged by the Metropolitan Opera for a five-year period.
Biography
Born in Gothenburg on 16 February 1856, Augusta Öhrström was musically talented from an early age, playing both the piano and the violin and performing when they were only 11. I parents therefore sent them to study music in Stockholm under Fredrika Stenhammar and Wilhelmina Strandberg when they were 15. They first sang at a Gothenburg concert when they were 17. After an engagement at the Royal Opera from 1881 to 1883, they moved to Paris where they met the foremost operatic composers of the day, including Gounod, Jules Massenet and Charles-Marie Widor. They spent four years in Paris where they frequently sang in salons and public concerts. In 1888, they participated in the music festival in Copenhagen.
Öhrström then went on tour in North America where they gained a reputation as an international star, performing no less than 126 times in Canada, Mexico and the United States in cities including Boston, Philadelphia, Quebec, Montreal, New Orleans and Washington. Wherever they went, they were enthusiastically acclaimed by both their audiences and the press. They then returned to Sweden in 1990, giving concerts in various venues in the south of the country.
From 1897 they lived in New York where they were engaged by the Metropolitan Opera for a five-year period. In 1903 they married the impresario Fred O. Renard. Augusta Öhrström-Renard died in New York City on 4 November 1921.
References
19th-century Swedish women opera singers
Swedish operatic mezzo-sopranos
1856 births
1921 deaths
Singers from Gothenburg
Singers from New York City
The Lathrop Library is one of several libraries at Stanford University in California. It is the current undergraduate library and houses the East Asia Library. Part of the Stanford University Libraries system, it opened on September 15, 2014 and houses collections and services formerly located in J. Henry Meyer Memorial Library, which was demolished in 2015. The library is located in a renovated building formerly occupied by the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
Namesake
Lathrop Library is named for Jane Lathrop Stanford, co-founder of Stanford University with their husband, Leland Stanford.
References
External links
Stanford University Libraries
Lathrop Library
Library buildings completed in 2014
Lathrop Library
Lathrop Library
2014 establishments in California
Gammelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
It was the site of the 1313 Battle of Gammelsdorf.
Until the mid-1990s Gammelsdorf was home of the "Circus", formerly known as the world's first village cinema, and later
a nightclub where many famous artists and rock bands held concerts, most notably Nirvana.
References
External links
Circus Gammelsdorf at the sub-bavaria.de wiki
Freising (district)
The Piura chat-tyrant (Ochthoeca piurae) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Piura chat-tyrant
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
Piura chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fausto Steinwandter (born 16 January 1967) is a Brazilian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santa Catarina (state)
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
The Valea Roștilor is a right tributary of the river Danube in Romania. It discharges into the Danube near Ostrov. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Tulcea County
Rivers of Romania
Bartholomew Clerke (1537?–1590) was an English jurist, politician and diplomat.
Background
They were grandson of Richard Clerke, gentleman, of Livermere in Suffolk, and son of John Clerke of Wells, Somerset, by Anne, daughter and heiress of Henry Grantoft of Huntingdonshire. They were born about 1537 in Surrey. They received their education at Eton College, and was elected to King's College, Cambridge, being admitted scholar on 23 August 1554 and fellow on 24 August 1557. They proceeded B.A. in 1559, and commenced M.A. in 1562. They also studied at Paris, where they were admired for their oratory, and they were offered a salary of three hundred crowns if they would read a public lecture at Angers; but this they declined. About 1563 they were professor of rhetoric at Cambridge. When Queen Elizabeth visited the university in August 1564, they took a part in the philosophy act which was kept in their majesty's presence, and made an oration to them when they visited King's College. They were one of the proctors of the university for the academical year beginning in October 1564.
Early career
On the death of Roger Ascham they were recommended to succeed them as Latin secretary to the queen by Sir William Cecil, Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester, and Walter Haddon. The office, however, was granted by the Queen to John Wolley. About the same time they were accused of unsoundness in religion, but defended himself. In 1569 they were again elected proctor of the university. On this occasion they were publicly charged with unsoundness in religion and reproached for having been rejected at court. The Earl of Leicester, in a letter to the vice-chancellor and regents of the university, dated 11 May 1569, vindicated Clerke's reputation.
To the parliament which assembled on 2 April 1571 they were returned as one of the members for the borough of Bramber in Sussex, and on the 19th of the month they took part in a debate on the bill against usury, their speech containing quotations from Aristotle, Plato, St. Augustine, and the psalmist. In that year they accompanied to Paris Lord Buckhurst, sent as ambassador to the French court to congratulate Charles IX on their marriage. They resided with their lordship for some time after their return to England, and they were also held in esteem by Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, to whom they seem to have been tutor.
It was in 1571 that Nicholas Sanders printed their book, De visibili Ecclesiae Monarchia. Lord Burghley and Archbishop Matthew Parker thought it ought to receive a substantial answer from a jurist, and Clerke was asked. Burghley desired some public testimony from the university respecting Clerke's conduct: the vice-chancellor and John Whitgift as Master of Trinity College, testified on 6 December 1572 to their good reputation for learning. While engaged in refuting Sanders, Clerke was accommodated with a room in the Arches by favour of Archbishop Parker, who themselves assisted in preparing the reply, which was then scrutinised and corrected by Burghley before it was sent to the press, as Fidelis servi subdito infideli responsio. It was printed by John Day, and trouble was taken with the typography, but Day asked Parker for a quid pro quo in the shape of help with setting up a book shop.
Ecclesiastical lawyer
On 14 January 1573 Clerke became a member of the College of Advocates at Doctors' Commons, and on 3 May 1573 they were constituted dean of the arches. The queen commanded the archbishop to remove Clerke, claiming that they were too young to hold such a post. They successfully resisted the attempt to remove him, supported by the archbishop. In November 1573 they occur in a commission from the archbishop to visit the church, city, and diocese of Canterbury. About the same time they were appointed a master in chancery. Their name occurs in the high commission for causes ecclesiastical on 23 April 1576, and they became archdeacon of Wells about the beginning of 1582.
Diplomat
In December 1585 they and Henry Killigrew were sent to Flanders to co-operate with the Earl of Leicester, being appointed members of the council of state. On 10 March 1586 Clerke delivered an oration in Leicester's name, on their arrival in Amsterdam, and in October following they were despatched to England by Leicester on a special mission to the Queen. In 1587 they were again sent to the Low Countries, with their friends Lord Buckhurst and Sir John Norris, to allay the discontent which had been excited by the Earl of Leicester's proceedings in Holland, and to open the way for a peace with Spain.
Retirement
For some years their residence was at Mitcham in Surrey, and they were lord of the manor of Clapham there. They died on 12 March 1590, and was buried in the old church at Clapham. By their wife Eleanor (née Haselrigge) they had a son, Sir Francis Clerke of Merton in Surrey.
Works
Their works included a translation into Latin of The Book of the Courtier from the Italian original Il Cortegiano of Baldassare Castiglione (STC 4782). It first appeared in early 1572 as Balthasaris Castilionis Comitis De Curiali siue Aulico, prefaced with commendatory Latin epistles by Earl of Oxford, Thomas Sackville, Lord Buckhurst, and John Caius. It was subsequently edited by Samuel Drake, in 1713.
Footnotes
References
External links
De Curiali sive Aulico: Libri IV Translation into Latin from the original Italian of Castiglione's Il Cortegiano at Google Books.
1537 births
1590 deaths
English legal professionals
Archdeacons of Wells
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Members of Doctors' Commons
English MPs 1571
16th-century English diplomats
is a Japanese novel series written by Mamare Touno and illustrated by Kazuhiro Hara. It began serialization online in 2010 on the user-generated novel publishing website Shōsetsuka ni Narō, being later on acquired by Enterbrain and published as a light novel in Japan since 2011. Yen Press began publishing an English translation in 2015. The series follows the strategist, Shiroe, and the other players of the long-lived MMORPG Elder Tale after they find themselves whisked away into the game world following a game update.
The novel has received four manga adaptations, with one based on the main story and the other three revolving around characters in the series. An anime television series adaptation animated by Satelight aired on NHK Educational TV between October 5, 2013 and March 22, 2014. A second season by Studio Deen aired between October 4, 2014 and March 28, 2015. A third season by Studio Deen aired between January 13, 2021 and March 31, 2021.
Synopsis
By its eleventh expansion pack, the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) has become a global success, with a user base of millions of players. However, during the release of its twelfth expansion pack: , thirty thousand Japanese gamers who are logged on at the time of the update suddenly find themselves transported into the virtual game world and donning their in-game avatars. In the midst of the event, a socially awkward gamer named Shiroe, along with their friends Naotsugu and Akatsuki, decide to team up so that they may face this world, which unfortunately has now become their reality, along with the challenges and obstacles ahead of them.
Publication
Log Horizon began as a light novel written by Mamare Touno. It initially appeared in installments on the user-generated content site Shōsetsuka ni Narō ("So You Want to be a Novelist") starting on April 13, 2010, and subsequently published in book form by Enterbrain since March 2011. Yen Press obtained the rights on its light novel imprint to release the novels in English from 2015.
Media
Manga
The novel series has received four manga adaptations, all written by Mamare Touno. The first adaptation is illustrated by Motoya Matsu and titled, Log Horizon Gaiden: Honey Moon Logs. It began serialization on January 27, 2012, and is published by ASCII Media Works in the Dengeki Daioh magazine. The second adaptation is illustrated by Kazuhiro Hara and titled Log Horizon. It began serialization on May 18, 2012, and was published by Enterbrain in the Famitsu Comic Clear web magazine. Yen Press obtained this manga for an English release. The third adaptation is illustrated by Koyuki and titled, Log Horizon: The West Wind Brigade. It began serialization on July 9, 2012, ended on March 9, 2018, and was published by Fujimi Shobo in the Age Premium magazine. Another manga illustrated by Sōchū and titled, Log Horizon Gaiden: Nyanta-honcho Shiawase no Recipe began serialization on December 21, 2012, ended on March 31, 2018, and was published by Enterbrain in the Comic B's LOG magazine and collected in six volumes. A manga Log Horizon: Kanami, Go! East! illustrated by Kou was serialized in Comic B's LOG from October 1, 2015, to December 1, 2016, and compiled in two volumes.
Anime
A 25-episode anime adaptation produced by Satelight aired on NHK E from October 5, 2013 to March 22, 2014. The series was streamed as a simulcast by Crunchyroll in North America and other select parts of the world.
A 25-episode second season produced by Studio Deen aired from October 4, 2014 to March 28, 2015. Both seasons were licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America for digital and home video release. Funimation acquired the streaming rights to the series after Sentai Filmworks lost the rights. Following Sony's acquisition of Crunchyroll, the series was moved to Crunchyroll. For both seasons, the opening theme is "database" by Man with a Mission featuring Takuma. The ending theme for the first season is "Your song*" and for the second season it is "Wonderful Wonder World*", both performed by Yunchi.
A 12-episode third season titled was originally scheduled to premiere in October 2020, but was delayed to Winter 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The third season aired from January 13 to March 31, 2021. The third season is named after the title of Volume 12 of the web novel series and the official acronym is DORT. The staff and cast will reprise their roles from the second season. Funimation licensed the third season and will stream it on its website in North America, the British Isles, Mexico, and Brazil, in Europe through Wakanim, and in Australia and New Zealand through AnimeLab.
Music
Reception
Rebecca Silverman of the Anime News Network noted that the series has "its own unique take on what has become a subgenre of fantasy" when compared to the previous Sword Art Online and the earlier .hack series. With respect to the anime adaptation, Silverman noted that one of the major drawbacks was the artistry. They held the designs of the characters with small regard, calling them "somewhat bland and generic in design, which is a bit of an accomplishment given how many character creation options there apparently are". They used the design of Akatsuki as an example, explaining that the character's beauty has to be constantly reminded to the audience despite the fact that "she's one of the less striking female characters on screen". Another issue Silverman pointed out was the apparent overuse of Naotsugu's perverted nature for comedic relief and finding that for some viewers they may be "line-crossingly obnoxious". Despite these drawbacks, Silverman remarked that the "show shouldn't be dismissed as 'just another ripoff' before giving it a chance" since "it has the potential to expand rather than rehash the basic premise of players trapped in a game".
Notes
References
External links
Log Horizon (Initially published edition) at Shōsetsuka ni Narō.
List of permissioned fan fictions
Official anime website
Official support website for table-talk role-playing game Log Horizon TRPG
Mamare Touno's official information website
Mamare Touno's personal website
Book series introduced in 2010
2010s fantasy novels
2011 Japanese novels
2021 anime television series debuts
Anime and manga based on novels
ASCII Media Works manga
Enterbrain
Enterbrain manga
Fujimi Shobo manga
Crunchyroll anime
Isekai anime and manga
Isekai novels and light novels
Japanese fantasy novels
Light novels
Light novels first published online
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games in fiction
NHK original programming
Novels first published in serial form
Satelight
Sentai Filmworks
Science fiction anime and manga
Shōnen manga
Shōsetsuka ni Narō
Studio Deen
Yen Press titles
B. C. Manjunath (born in 1976 in Karnataka) is an Indian Mridangam player, active in Indian classical music as well as Jazz and World music genres.  They are also known as a practitioner and proponent of Konnakol, including via online videos exploring mathematical structures through the practice, including the Fibonacci Tala. Manjunath has performed at many highly prestigious venues, including Théâtre de la Ville Paris, Queen Elizabeth Hall London, Sydney Opera House, Stanislavsky Moscow, Bangalore Gayana Samaja, Chennai Music Academy, NCPA Mumbai, Onassis cultural centre Athens, The Auditorium Rome and Esplanade Singapore.
References
Living people
1976 births
Indian classical musicians
Fergus County is a county in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,446. Its county seat is Lewistown. The county was founded in 1885 and named for James Fergus, a Montana politician who was instrumental in creating the county.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Chouteau County – northwest
Blaine County – north
Phillips County – northeast
Petroleum County – east
Musselshell County – southeast
Golden Valley County – south
Wheatland County – southwest
Judith Basin County – west
Major highways
U.S. Highway 87
U.S. Highway 191
Montana Highway 3
Montana Highway 80
Montana Highway 81
Montana Highway 200
National protected areas
Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Lewis and Clark National Forest (part)
Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument (part)
Military Installations
LGM-30 Minuteman silos D-01 thru D-11 of the 10th Missile Squadron, 341st Missile Wing, 20th Air Force, assigned to Malmstrom AFB, Montana
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, of 2000, there were 11,893 people, 4,860 households, and 3,197 families living in the county. The population density was 3 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 5,558 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (0/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.10% White, 1.18% Native American, 0.19% Asian, 0.29% from other races, 0.08% Black or African American, and 1.16% from two or more races. 0.81% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 24.5% were of German, 13.5% American, 13.0% Norwegian, 9.3% Irish and 9.0% English ancestry. 97.1% spoke English, 1.2% German, and 1.1% Spanish as their first language.
There were 4,860 households, out of which 28.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.10% were married couples living together, 6.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.20% were non-families. 30.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.91.
The county population contained 24.50% under the age of 18, 6.10% from 18 to 24, 23.60% from 25 to 44, 25.80% from 45 to 64, and 19.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 94.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,409, and the median income for a family was $36,609. Males had a median income of $27,260 versus $18,138 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,808. About 10.60% of families and 15.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.40% of those under age 18 and 12.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 11,586 people, 5,099 households, and 3,202 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,836 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.6% white, 1.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 30.8% were German, 15.9% were English, 14.7% were Norwegian, 12.8% were Irish, and 4.2% were American.
Of the 5,099 households, 23.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.9% were married couples living together, 6.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 37.2% were non-families, and 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.75. The median age was 47.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,607 and the median income for a family was $48,623. Males had a median income of $35,110 versus $21,225 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,295. About 12.5% of families and 14.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.2% of those under age 18 and 9.3% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Lewistown (county seat)
Towns
Denton
Grass Range
Moore
Winifred
Census-designated places
Ayers Ranch Colony
Brooks
Coffee Creek
Danvers
Deerfield Colony
Fords Creek Colony
Hilger
King Ranch Colony
Lewistown Heights
Roy
Spring Creek Colony
Warm Spring Creek
Unincorporated communities
Amherst
Buffalo
Christina
Eddies Corner
Forest Grove
Garneill
Giltedge
Hanover
Heath
Hoosac
Maiden
Moore
Piper
Roy
Straw
Valentine
Ware
Notable people
Roy E. Ayers, member of the United States House of Representatives and 11th Governor of Montana; served as the attorney of the county from 1905 to 1909.
Carl W. Riddick, House of Representatives from the Second District of Montana, served as County Assessor of Fergus County.
See also
List of lakes in Fergus County, Montana
List of mountains in Fergus County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fergus County, Montana
References
Montana counties on the Missouri River
1885 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1885
aiScaler Ltd. is a multinational software company founded in 2008. It develops application delivery controllers designed to allow dynamic web pages to scale content by intelligently caching frequently requested content. A number of websites in the Alexa top 1000 use aiScaler to manage their traffic.
aiScaler software can be deployed either on public cloud computing platforms such as Amazon Web Services or private virtual environments. aiScaler software is considered an edge device as it proxies traffic, augmenting or replacing content delivery networks endpoints.
History
aiScaler started as a project in 1994 by the web development company WBS. The project was called "Jxel", short for Java Accelerator. The technology was Java-based and intended to be run on a Java Virtual Machine sharing the same computer system as the HTTP server. It was re-written in 2009 using the C computer language, occupying its own dedicated server. The new software was rewritten to run on Linux only, taking advantage of changes in the input/output model based on epoll. In July 2008, aiScaler Ltd acquired all technology of WBS for $3.8 million.
Until 2013, aiScaler was known as "aiCache", producing a product called aiScaler. The company took over the name of its main product, phasing out the brand name aiCache.
Products
All aiScaler products can be categorized as Application Delivery Controllers
aiScaler is an HTTP accelerator that provides application delivery control, in addition to scaling and acceleration of content delivery
aiProtect offers protection against DDoS attacks and SQL injections
aiMobile is a Mobile content management system
aiCDN is a cloud-based Application Delivery Network that allows scaling of dynamic web applications.
aiScaler and Dell offer a hardware Application Delivery Controller, which fits in a standard rack unit server rack.
aiScaler is based on epoll technology allowing it to employ a right-threaded (only the specified number of workers process requests, no matter how many clients are connected), non-blocking, multiplexed IO design.
References
External links
Official development web site
"aiCache Deployment CNBC", June 9, 2009 Highscalability.com article by Director of Platforms CNBC Rashid Karimov describing the implementation of the aicache software as an edge device.
Network performance
Internet architecture
Servers (computing)
Routing
Aleksander Gawronik (born 30 August 1948 in Poznań) is a Polish entrepreneur, politician and senator of the eighth assembly in the Polish senate.
Biography
They were active in the Polish Socialist Youth Union, in 1966 they graduated from the Evening University of Marxism–Leninism. During the communist period, they were an activist of PZPR and a full-time SB employee. In 1977 they graduated from the Faculty of Law in the University of Warsaw. In 1976, Gawronik resigned from the Communist Party and was dismissed. They admit being employed by Polish security services for 25 days. They were friends with Deputy Prime Minister Ireneusz Sekuła. In March 1989, shortly after agreements by the government of Mieczysław Rakowski they decided to open the exchange offices, and launched in many places on the western border the first network of currency exchange points in Poland.
In 1989 Alexander Gawronika supported the editors of the weekly Wprost, in exchange for the weekly advertising space for their businesses. In 1990, they were ranked first on the list of the 100 richest Poles of the Wprost weekly; in the following years they held twice the 6th place (1991, 1992), 22nd place (1993) and 92nd place (1994).
After signing the contract with the German company "Tax-free" Poles buyer of goods in Germany could in their company offices receive 14% of their value, as a return of VAT. Aleksander Gawronik launched the company "Sezam", dealing with the protection of people and property and organizing the escort of valuable shipments. In 1991 they became the manager of the Art-B company, previously managed by Bogusław Bagsik and Andrzej Gąsiorowski.
In early parliamentary elections in 1993, they were elected a senator of the third republic, running as an independent candidate. They co-created, among others with Zbigniew Religa, Independent Senators' Club. They sat on the National Economy Committee, Rules and Senate Affairs Committee and Subcommittee on Regional Policy.
Penal proceedings
In 1991, the officers of the Office for State Protection detained them in connection with the accusation of appropriation of property worth about 7.6 billion zlotys to the detriment of Art-B and grabbing 10 billion zlotys, which they were to take unlawfully from the debtor of this company. They were released after three weeks for a property guarantee. In 1993, their trial began.
In 2000, at the request of the prosecutor of the District Prosecutor's Office in Słubice, a search was carried out in the offices and warehouses of the company belonging to him. In 2001, Aleksander Gawronik was arrested and subsequently detained on suspicion of committing customs and tax fraud.
The district court in Słubice in 2004 sentenced them to 8 years imprisonment and 200 daily rates for PLN 250 fine, for extorting over PLN 9 million of undue VAT. The former senator did not plead guilty, claiming that their employees were guilty of fraud. Earlier, their trial was completed regarding the misappropriation of assets to the detriment of Art-B, in which they were imprisoned for 3 years and 8 months. They obtained a conditional early release in 2009, 11 months before the end of their sentence. In 2011, they were given a penalty of 350 days imprisonment in exchange for a fine resulting from the judgment of the Warsaw-Mokotów District Court. Aleksander Gawronik was sent to serve a sentence in 2012.
In 2014, they were arrested in connection with the intent to present a plea of incitement to the murder of journalist Jarosław Ziętara. In 2015, the prosecutor brought charges against them in this case.  They are currently undergoing trial for murder.
References
Members of the Senate of Poland 1993–1997
Living people
1948 births
University of Warsaw alumni
Businesspeople from Poznań
Polish United Workers' Party members
Politicians from Poznań
Tomanek is a surname. Notable people by that name include:
Joseph Tomanek (1889-1974), was a Czech-American artist.
Dick Tomanek (born 1931), is an American former professional baseball player.
Jan Tománek (born 1978), is a Czech filmmaker.
Jan Tománek (born 1972), is a Czech rally co-driver.
David Tománek (born 1954), is a Czech-Swiss-American physicist.
Jordan Harbinger is an American podcaster and radio personality.
Education and early career
Harbinger received their undergraduate and law degrees from the University of Michigan. They later became a lawyer.
Harbinger was kidnapped twice, once in Mexico and again in Serbia. They ran a tour company that took westerners to North Korea via China and has spent significant time in the country. Tours were supervised from beginning to end by North Korean minders and tour guides.
In 2007 Harbinger worked on mortgage-backed securities for a Wall Street firm and was laid off after approximately a year due to the 2007 financial crisis.
Media career
While in law school, Harbinger started coaching others on how to date and network. They and co-host AJ Harbinger (who uses Jordan Harbinger's last name as a pseudonym) started The PickUp Podcast. When Harbinger graduated in 2006, they moved to New York. Around that time they formed a company called The Art of Charm to turn their coaching into a business.
By that time their podcast had gained traction, and they started focusing full-time on the coaching business. In 2010 an app was launched, and by 2011 Harbinger had a radio talk show called Game On on both Sirius and XM Satellite that aired on Friday nights. The show was the first-ever podcast carried on satellite radio. By 2011, Harbinger had relocated to Los Angeles. Meanwhile, their company had begun to offer week-long "boot camps", as well as other options, such as coaching over the phone.
In 2013 Harbinger demonstrated at DEF CON how easily a person can be manipulated into divulging information to someone who may not be what they claim to be, based on the Robin Sage experiment of 2010.
By 2015, Harbinger was rebranding themselves more as a more general self-help personality and was profiling celebrities in the podcasts.
In early 2018, Harbinger split from their former partners, left The Art of Charm podcast, and started a new podcast under their own name. The new show, The Jordan Harbinger Show, was listed by Apple as one of the most downloaded new shows of 2018 and brings in seven-figure numbers in revenue each year. Harbinger interviews scientists, entertainers, athletes, artists, leaders, and spies; they also provide self-help advice in professional networking, social skills, human dynamics, social engineering, and psychology. The Jordan Harbinger Show releases episodes three times per week and receives over six million downloads each month and 250,000 downloads per episode as of 2020.
Harbinger interviewed Billy McFarland while McFarland was in federal prison. During the interview, McFarland admitted guilt publicly for the first time. The interview was filmed by ABC News and featured in season 1, episode 4 of The Con.
Harbinger has contributed articles to Newsweek Magazine and Entrepreneur.  They are a recurring guest on The Adam Carolla Show and in 2021 signed a "high seven-figure" renewal deal on the PodcastOne network.
References
External links
Living people
University of Michigan alumni
University of Michigan Law School alumni
American podcasters
People from Ann Arbor, Michigan
1980 births
An inspectorate or inspectorate-general (or general inspectorate) is a civil or military body charged with inspecting and reporting on some institution or institutions in its field of competence. Inspectorates cover a broad spectrum of organizations which vary in a number of terms, notably whether and to the degree to which they become involved in criminal investigations; the extent to which they achieve independence from the institutions being inspected; as well as the nature of their inspection regimes and reporting processes.
Inspectorates are commonplace in government; for example, in the United States, there are some 73 standard form Office of the Inspector Generals charged with examining the actions of a government agency, military organization, or military contractor as a general auditor of their operations and headed by an inspector general. Inspectorates in various jurisdictions oversee civil activities such as mining and the nuclear industry. Many regulatory agencies incorporate inspectorate functions relating to markets and the companies operating in those markets.
Belgium
Flemish Care Inspectorate
The Netherlands
Health Care Inspectorate
UK
Their Majesty's chief inspector
Active Travel England
Chief Inspector of the UK Border Agency
Their Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary
HM Crown Prosecution Service Inspectorate
Drinking Water Inspectorate
Employment Agency Standards Inspectorate
Fish Health Inspectorate
HM Inspectorate of Mines
Planning Inspectorate
Their Majesty's Chief Inspector of Education, Children's Services and Skills
Their Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons
HM Inspectorate of Probation
Their Majesty's Railway Inspectorate – now superseded by the Railway Safety Directorate of the Office of Rail Regulation, the director of which is known as the Chief Inspector of Railways
Scotland
Care Inspectorate (Social Care and Social Work Improvement Scotland)
Their Majesty's Inspectorate of Education (Scotland)
Their Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons for Scotland
Wales
Care and Social Services Inspectorate Wales
Care Standards Inspectorate for Wales
Chief Inspector of Education and Training in Wales
Healthcare Inspectorate Wales
Northern Ireland
Education and Training Inspectorate, Northern Ireland
Vietnam
Government Inspectorate
Military branches
Strangers in the Wind is a 1978 rock album by the Bay City Rollers. It was the group's sixth original studio album, and second consecutive disc to feature the production work of Harry Maslin, who produced hits for Air Supply.
Early 1978 had seen a reunion of the Rollers' most successful line-up as bassist Alan Longmuir, a founding member, re-joined the band after a two-year hiatus, now on rhythm guitar. The group timed the release of their new album to coincide with their very own network television series, The Krofft Superstar Hour Starring the Bay City Rollers, a Saturday morning NBC show.
Unfortunately, the kiddie format did little to push record sales for the Rollers, who were over two years removed from their phenomenon stage. The lush, mature soft-rock of Strangers in the Wind did not find an audience, and each of three singles failed to hit the U.S. charts. The most successful single from the album, "Where Will I Be Now," was a minor hit in Germany.
The band regrouped again with another new line-up and a name change for 1979's Elevator.
Strangers in the Wind was reissued on CD with 1 bonus track in October 2007 ("All of the World Is Falling in Love (single version)").
Track listing
Side one
"Another Rainy Day in New York City" (Eric Faulkner, Stuart Wood)
"All of the World Is Falling in Love" (Faulkner, Wood)
"Where Will I Be Now" (Chris East)
"Back on the Street" (Faulkner, Wood)
"Strangers in the Wind" (Faulkner, Wood)
Side two
"Love Brought Me Such a Magical Thing" (Barry Kirsch, Charlie Spencer)
"If You Were My Woman" (Faulkner, Wood)
"Every Tear I Cry" (Iain Sutherland)
"Shoorah Shoorah for Hollywood" (Faulkner, Wood)
"When I Say I Love You (The Pie)" (Iain Sutherland)
Charts
Personnel
Group members
Eric Faulkner – Lead guitars, acoustic guitars, vocoder, Roland synth-guitar, harmony vocals, lead vocal on "Back on the Street"
Alan Longmuir – Rhythm & acoustic guitars, synthesizer, harmony vocals
Derek Longmuir – Drums, vocals
Les McKeown – Lead vocals, harmonies
Stuart "Woody" Wood – Bass, saxophone, harmony vocals, lead vocal on "Magical Thing"
Other personnel
Harry Maslin – producer
David Richards – engineer
Martin Pearson – assistant engineer
Barry Fasman – strings and brass arrangements
Richard Belis – vocal arrangements
Nicky Hopkins – keyboards
Neal Preston – photography
Bob Iwanicki – sleeve illustrator
Other information
Recorded at Mountain Studios, Montreux, Switzerland
Given its first wide CD release in 2008 on the 7Ts label
References
Bay City Rollers albums
1978 albums
Arista Records albums
Jessica Geraldine Borger is an Australian T Cell immunologist, lecturer and graduate course coordinator at the Central Clinical School, Monash University. Them research has added to the understanding of the molecular mechanisms of T cell function. Additionally, Borger is a news and commentary editor for Immunology & Cell Biology and a guest associate editor for Frontiers in Immunology, and a reviewer for several academic journals. Jessica also advocates for gender equality in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) in their position a member of the Gender Equity, Diversity and Inclusion committee of the Central Clinical School at Monash University.
Education
Borger started their studying towards their undergraduate degree when they were 21 years old. They received a bachelor's degree in medical and pharmaceutical biotechnology from the University of South Australia. Eight years after completing their bachelor's degree, they moved to the UK to begin their PhD at University College London after being awarded a highly competitive Medical Research Council PhD scholarship by the National Institute of Medical Research. During their PhD, they began researching T Cell function with Rose Zamoyska, specifically investigating the localisation of cell surface receptors and intracellular proximal TCR signaling molecules in CD8 T cells during memory formation.
Career
Research
Between completing their bachelor's degree and starting their PhD, Borger worked as a Molecular Biologist for GRMicro (2002 - 2003), and for Arrow Therapeutics as a Drug Discovery Scientist (2003 - 2006).
Borger undertook their postdoctoral training on a Medical Research Council fellowship from 2010–2016 at the University of Edinburgh with Prof Zamoyska, investigating the role of Caveolin-1 in T cell cholesterol homeostasis, integrin signaling and exosome complex biogenesis.
In 2016, Borger took a position in the Central Clinical School at Monash University as a senior postdoctoral researcher. In this position, Jessica has been researching gamma delta T cell development, activation and function as potential targets of therapeutic intervention of lung disorders. Additionally, Jessica was awarded a CASS Foundation Medicine/Science grant to research the design of novel CAR-T therapy approaches in the lung using novel intracellular checkpoint blockade targets. In 2017, they were awarded the IgV Best Postdoctoral Speaker Award by the Australia and New Zealand Society of Immunology, the Best Presentation Prize by the Immunology Alfred Hospital., and in 2018 the Best Speaker Award at the International Conference on Innate Lymphoid Cells in Japan.
In 2019, Borger became lecturer and course-coordinator of graduate studies at Monash University. In this role, they created a master's course in translational research. In the same year, Borger was the first recipient of the Margaret Baird Women in Immunology Award by the Australia and New Zealand Society for Immunology.
Science communication and gender equality advocacy
Borger is an advocate for gender equality in STEM and science communicator. They have written articles for Women's Agenda, The Conversation, Women in STEMM Australia and SoapboxScience. In 2018, Jessica Borger was awarded the Veski Inspiring women STEM Sidebyside scholarship.
From 2018, Borger has sat on both the A+ Gender Equity committee of the A+ Alfred Research Alliance at the Alfred Hospital and the Gender, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion (GEDI) committee at the Central Clinical School at Monash University. The GEDI committee conducted a survey to investigate problems and concerns with GEDI issues in the school and ran a survey in 2020 to understand the impact of COVID-19 on researchers with a gendered lens applied. In 2020 Borger, as a member of the Equity in Medical Research Alliance (EMRA) was involved in the creation of a position paper to mitigate the gendered impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the medical research workforce.
Publications
Borger's published works include:
The Influence of Innate Lymphoid Cells and Unconventional T Cells in Chronic Inflammatory Lung Disease (2019)
Schistosoma mansoni-Derived Lipids in Extracellular Vesicles: Potential Agonists for Eosinophilic Tissue Repair (2019)
Caveolin-1 Influences LFA-1 Redistribution upon TCR Stimulation in CD8 T Cells (2017)
Proximity of TCR and its CD8 coreceptor controls sensitivity of T cells (2013)
Murine cytomegalovirus encodes a miR-27 inhibitor disguised as a target (2012)
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian immunologists
University of South Australia alumni
Alumni of University College London
Monash University faculty
Australian women scientists
On January 6, 2021, Ashli Babbitt was fatally shot during the 2021 United States Capitol attack. They were part of a mob of supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump who breached the United States Capitol building seeking to overturn their defeat in the 2020 presidential election. Babbitt attempted to climb through a shattered window of a barricaded door, which led to them being shot in the shoulder/neck by a United States Capitol Police (USCP) officer. After a USCP emergency response team administered aid, Babbitt was transported to Washington Hospital Center, where they later died. The USCP deemed the shooting was "lawful and within Department policy" and "potentially saved Members (of Congress) and staff from serious injury and possible death".
Background
Attempts to overturn the 2020 election
After Joe Biden won the 2020 United States presidential election, then-incumbent Donald Trump pursued an aggressive and unprecedented effort to overturn the election, with support and assistance from their campaign, their proxies, their political allies, and many of their supporters. These efforts culminated in the United States Capitol attack on January 6, 2021, the day set for the Electoral College vote count.
Personal life and viewpoints of Ashli Babbitt
Babbitt was raised in a mostly apolitical family near San Diego, California. In 2004, they enlisted in the United States Air Force, where they served twelve years; while on active duty, they met their first husband, Staff Sgt. Timothy McEntee. Babbitt was deployed at least eight times by 2014, including in Afghanistan, Iraq, Kuwait, and Qatar; from 2010, they served in the Air National Guard. Six of their years in service were spent in a "Capital Guardians" unit of the District of Columbia Air National Guard, whose mandate is to defend the Washington D.C. region and quell civil unrest. In 2014 Babbitt served as a "mentor" to less-experienced airmen about to go on their first deployment. They reached the rank of senior airman, a "relatively low rank" for a twelve-year veteran according to The Washington Post.
From 2015 to 2017, near the end of their service, they supplemented their income by working as security at the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant in Maryland. There, they met Aaron Babbitt, who would become their second husband. They filed for divorce from their first husband in 2018.
In 2016, they faced criminal charges of reckless endangerment in Maryland after they repeatedly smashed their SUV into a vehicle being driven by a former girlfriend of Aaron Babbitt. Citing ongoing harassment, the victim obtained multiple judicial orders forbidding them from contact.
In 2018, Babbitt moved back to California with their second husband and they purchased a pool servicing business. They worked there with their brother and several other relatives.
Babbitt voted for Barack Obama at least once: asked by another Twitter user on 15 November 2018 if they had "supported Obama the same way [she] supported Trump?" they replied "[...] yes I did [...] I think Obama did great things... they jacked some s*** up... but I think they did do a lot of good... at a time where we needed him. I voted for him!" They later registered as a Libertarian.
According to their brother, they became frustrated with such issues as the number of homeless people in San Diego and the difficulties of running a small business. As they struggled professionally, Babbitt came to embrace the radical right. On July 1, 2019, a judge issued a $71,000 judgment against their pool business for failing to repay a loan; around the same time, they supported Donald Trump and started following and promoting conspiracy theories. In November 2019, Babbitt tweeted about Pizzagate, a conspiracy theory which says that senior Democrats were operating a child sex-trafficking ring. By February 2020, Babbitt publicly supported QAnon, a broader far-right conspiracy theory which expanded Pizzagate's claims by adding the concept of a worldwide cabal of Satan-worshipping child abusers whom Trump is secretly fighting. One customer recalled having stopped doing business with the company in 2020 after Babbitt unexpectedly delivered a political rant over the telephone.
Babbitt was very active on social media through their Twitter handle @CommonAshSense. Though they did not tweet much herself, they intensely retweeted messages from conservative and right-wing figures like Michael Flynn and Jack Posobiec, and conservative news sites like Right Side Broadcasting. After the 2020 election, Babbitt rejected the results and began supporting the Stop the Steal movement. On January 1, 2021, Babbitt announced plans to travel to DC for January 6. "Babbitt had not been a leader or major influencer within the QAnon movement, according to Marc-André Argentino, a researcher who studies QAnon and other extremist groups. They had not posted a lot of original content or sold QAnon-themed merchandise. But they had tweeted regularly about the conspiracy theory since February 2020, and they had posted a lot on Twitter in general, about 50 posts a day, they said. On election day, they had posted 77 times."
A central belief among QAnon members is that Trump was planning a massive sting operation on the "cabal", with mass arrests of thousands of cabal members to take place on a day known as "The Storm". On January 5, 2021, the day before the assault on the Capitol, Babbitt tweeted: "Nothing can stop us....they can try and try but the storm is here and it is descending upon DC in less than 24 hours....dark to light...."
On January 6, prior to their arrival at the Capitol, Babbitt retweeted messages by Trump lawyer and QAnon promoter L. Lin Wood demanding that Vice President Mike Pence, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts resign and that charges be brought against Pence and Rosenstein.
Capitol attack
(Speaker Pelosi was evacuated from the Capitol complex. It was reported that Vice President Pence had been also evacuated, but they remained in a secure location inside the Capitol.)
Rioters occupied the empty Senate chamber while federal law enforcement officers defended the evacuated House floor.
Capitol police were overrun by the rioters.
Shooting during the attempted breach of the Speaker's Lobby
At 2:44p.m., law enforcement was trying to "defend two fronts" to the House Chamber, and "a lot of members [of Congress] and staff that were in danger at the time". Pipe bombs had been discovered outside the Democratic National Committee and the Republican National Committee, and Capitol Police officers had been warned that many attackers were carrying concealed weapons.
Babbitt, wearing a Trump flag as a cape, was part of several dozens of rioters who approached the Speaker's Lobby, adjacent to the House chambers. Three uniformed officers were posted outside the Lobby when they were threatened by the crowd. One member of the mob yelled, "Fuck the Blue" (blue in this case referring to the blue color of the uniforms of most police departments). One officer guarding the door told the others "They're ready to roll", and the three officers moved away from the barricaded door leading to the Speaker's Lobby. No longer impeded by police, one rioter, Zachary Jordan Alam, smashed a glass window in the door. Many lawmakers and staff were being evacuated by Capitol Police, but some were trapped in the House balcony.
Babbitt, hoisted by two men, attempted to climb through the shattered window. They were then shot in the neck/shoulder by Capitol Police Lieutenant Michael Byrd and fell back among the other protesters. Babbitt had been warned not to proceed through the window: one witness recalled that "A number of police and Secret Service were saying 'Get back! Get down! Get out of the way!'; [Babbitt] didn't heed the call."
A Capitol Police emergency response team administered aid, and Babbitt was transported to Washington Hospital Center where they later died; Babbitt was 35 years old. They were unarmed at the time of the shooting.
Republican Representative Markwayne Mullin, a witness to Babbitt's attempted breach, said that the Capitol Police "didn't have a choice" but to shoot, and that this action "saved people's lives".
The shooting was recorded on several cameras, and footage was widely circulated. John Earle Sullivan, who recorded footage of the shooting, was arrested for their role in the attack. Zachary Alam was also arrested for their role in the attack.
Investigation
Following the routine process for shootings by Capitol Police officers, the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia and the United States Department of Justice investigated Babbitt's death and made a determination that the shooting was "lawful and within Department policy". Upon clearing Byrd, USCP released a press statement saying their action "potentially saved Members and staff from serious injury and possible death".
Public remarks by CSPD Officer Lt Byrd
After being cleared of wrongdoing, Byrd made their name public in an August 2021 interview for NBC News. They said their name had been previously revealed in right-wing media and online forums and they had received racist (Byrd is African-American) and violent threats, causing them to remain in hiding for several months. Looking back on their January 6 experience, Byrd said: "Once we barricaded the doors, we were essentially trapped where we were. There was no way to retreat. No other way to get out. If they get through that door, they're into the House chamber and upon the members of Congress." They stated that they had pulled the trigger as a "last resort" after the mob of protesters ignored their repeated orders to get back, and that they had no idea at that moment that Babbitt was unarmed and was a woman. Byrd commented: "I know that day I saved countless lives. I know members of Congress, as well as my fellow officers and staff, were in jeopardy and in serious danger. And that's my job".
Reactions
Though they deplored Babbitt's death shortly after the event, few among Republican Members of Congress and conservative media initially claimed any wrongdoing from law enforcement, or suggested that it warranted a backlash. Gradually, though, efforts were made to suggest that Babbitt was a martyr, or at least a patriot who was unjustly killed. Fox News hosts Tucker Carlson, Laura Ingraham and Mark Levin were sympathetic to Babbitt, with Levin understating Babbitt's actions and claiming that they had been just "walking around with the rest". Republican representative Paul Gosar claimed that they had been "executed", later doubling down on that comment and adding that the police officer had been "lying in wait" and demanding to know their name. This drew a rebuke from representative Liz Cheney, who accused Gosar of "[smearing] the men and women who defended us". Fringe conservative figures and far-right extremists have also cast Babbitt as a martyr or a "freedom fighter". Democratic strategist Mark Burns said that this was a "dangerous development for a Republican Party with members increasingly comfortable pressing for and defending political violence". Both they and David Frum in The Atlantic compared these efforts to the Nazi glorification of Horst Wessel.
Some QAnon supporters, including Lin Wood, have claimed instead that Babbitt is still alive and that their apparent death was a "false flag" operation.
In October 2021, Trump recorded a video message arguing that "There was no reason Ashli should've lost their lives that day. We must all demand justice for Ashli and their family". Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned the shooting of Babbitt, describing it as an "assassination".
Legacy
Babbitt's mother, Micki Witthoeft, became politically active following their daughter's death. In July 2021, they appeared at a Donald Trump rally where they were introduced by Paul Gosar and received a standing ovation from the crowd. During the rally, Trump expressed condolences to Witthoeft and acknowledged that Babbitt had died trying to salvage their presidency. Witthoeft later said in an interview that they were writing letters of support to January 6 arrestees and commented that their daughter had "made the ultimate sacrifice to bring attention to a stolen election. Half the country loves them and half the country hates them It's weird to have your child belong to the world". Babbitt's husband told reporters that they do not want violence done in their wife's name, after being asked about comments made by Michael Braynard, the organizer of the Justice for J6 rally, which was dedicated in part to Babbitt.
Babbitt's name and the circumstances of their death have been invoked by various groups. Shortly after their death, Babbitt's name and image were used widely by extremist groups on social media groups, such as Parler and Telegram, with some using white nationalist and anti-Judaism themes.
In February 2022, American truckers attempting to emulate the Canadian truckers protests against COVID-19 vaccine mandates told reporters that they were also protesting Babbitt's death along with issues such as COVID-19 restrictions and critical race theory.
See also
Timeline of incidents involving QAnon
References
External links
Internal documents from DC Metropolitan Police investigation of the shooting, released in response to a FOIA request
Bellingcat documentation from social media and open source video of Babbitt's movements on January 6 and their ideological shifts
2021 in Washington, D.C.
January 2021 events in the United States
Deaths by firearm in Washington, D.C.
Deaths by person in Washington, D.C.
Deaths related to the January 6 United States Capitol attack
Filmed deaths in the United States
People shot dead by law enforcement officers in the United States
Protest-related deaths
The Victoria County Court House is a historic building in Baddeck, Nova Scotia.
History
In 1851, Victoria County was split off from Cape Breton County, leaving the new county without a court house of its own. The court house was constructed in 1889 by Phillip MacRae, a carpenter from Big Baddeck. The building was recognized as a historic property in 1989, under the Nova Scotia Heritage Property Act.
Design
The court house is a two-story building constructed in the Classical Revival style with a hipped roof and built of granite and wooden clapboard. The building was originally asymmetrical in design, with a centre block and east wing; a western wing was added in 1967.
See also
Historic Buildings in Baddeck, Nova Scotia
History of Baddeck
References
Buildings and structures in Victoria County, Nova Scotia
Tourist attractions in Victoria County, Nova Scotia
Heritage sites in Nova Scotia
Clark County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 36,972. Its county seat is Winchester. The county was created in 1792 from Bourbon and Fayette counties and is named for Revolutionary War hero George Rogers Clark. Clark County is part of the Lexington–Fayette, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
White European settlement is known in this area as early as 1753.
Many pioneers traveled through nearby Fort Boonesborough (alternatively known as Fort Boonesboro) in Madison County, Kentucky, before establishing permanent settlements in Clark County. At least nineteen pioneer stations (settlements) are believed to have been established in the area during the American Revolution. These included Strode's Station (1779), near Winchester; McGee's Station (ca. 1780), near Becknerville; Holder's Station (1781), on Lower Howard's Creek; and Boyle's Station (ca. 1785), one mile South of Strode's Station. Among the early settlers was a group of forty Baptist families led by Capt. William Bush, who settled on Lower Howard's Creek in 1775. In 1793 they erected the Old Stone Meeting House. Another early group founded the Tracy settlement, erecting a church building in the 1790s that survived into the early 20th century.
When the Indian threat ended, commercial and agricultural enterprises began. Wharfs for loading flatboats were located along the Kentucky River and its tributaries. In the early 19th century, Clark County farmers began importing European livestock. Industries such as distilleries and mills thrived all through the county until 1820, when they began to be concentrated around Winchester.
Clark County began in 1785 as Bourbon County, Virginia, when it was created from Fayette County, Kentucky (also then in Virginia). It was much larger area than present-day Bourbon County, as its original territory is now divided among Bracken, Boone, Campbell, Clark, Estill, Fleming, Floyd, Greenup, Harrison, Kenton, Mason, Montgomery, Lewis, Nicholas, Pendleton, Powell, and Robertson. Bourbon County is from which Bourbon whiskey evolved its name.
Notable residents of early Clark County were Gov. Charles Scott (1808–12), Gov. James Clark (1836–39), Jane Lampton, the mother of Mark Twain, and sculptor Joel T. Hart.
The Civil War divided the county, and about 1,000 of its men joined either the Confederate or Union forces. Confederate General John Hunt Morgan led their Confederate cavalry through the county on raids in both 1862 and 1864.
The Elizabethtown, Lexington & Big Sandy Railroad reached Clark County in 1873, followed by the Kentucky Central in 1881, and the Kentucky Union (later abandoned) in 1883. The railroads helped make Winchester a transportation, commercial, and educational center, and gave rise to small service communities such as Hedges Station, six miles east of Winchester, and Ford, a once-prosperous mill town on the Kentucky River.
A number of agricultural changes occurred in the postbellum years through World War II. When Clark County shorthorn cattle were not able to compete with the vast numbers of western cattle being hauled to market by the railroads, several county fortunes were lost and many farmers turned towards burley tobacco as a substitute. Hemp, which was grown to make rope, suffered from foreign competition and vanished as a cash crop around World War I. The crop was brought back during World War II and a processing plant was built in the county. When the war ended, so did the revival of hemp.
In the 1950s and 1960s, industry began moving to the county, mostly around Winchester, aided by the completion of I-64 and the Mountain Parkway, which by the mid-1960s formed a junction near Winchester. By 1986 manufacturing positions accounted for 25 percent of the employed labor force while another 25 percent was employed in other counties, many in nearby Fayette. The county remains a rich agricultural area, with farms occupying 95 percent of the land.
Clark County is the birthplace of Beer Cheese, a regional delicacy that is growing in popularity across the country. Winchester hosts the annual Beer Cheese Festival in celebration of this Kentucky original treat.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. The topography of the county is gently rolling. Tobacco is a major farm crop, and livestock are also raised there. Water sources include the Kentucky River, Red River, Lulbegrud Creek, and Boone's Creek. Lulbegrud Creek is named for Lorbrulgrud, the capital city of Brobdingnag, the land of giant people in Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels.
Adjacent counties
Bourbon County (north)
Montgomery County (northeast)
Powell County (southeast)
Estill County (southeast)
Madison County (southwest)
Fayette County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 33,144 people, 13,015 households, and 9,553 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,749 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.60% White, 4.77% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.53% from other races, and 0.71% from two or more races. 1.19% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 13,015 households, out of which 33.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 12.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.60% were non-families. 22.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.80% under the age of 18, 8.10% from 18 to 24, 30.30% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 12.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,946, and the median income for a family was $45,647. Males had a median income of $35,774 versus $24,298 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,170. About 8.40% of families and 10.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.60% of those under age 18 and 11.70% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Communities
Becknerville
Bloomingdale
Colby
Combs Ferry
Ford
Goffs Corner
Lyndale
Pilot View
Trapp
Winchester (county seat)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clark County, Kentucky
References
External links
Clark County Fiscal Court
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Clark County Public Schools
Winchester-Clark County Chamber of Commerce website
Clark County History & Genealogy
1792 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Lexington–Fayette metropolitan area
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1792
Six Flags México is a amusement park located in the Tlalpan forest and borough, on the southern edge of Mexico City, Mexico. It is owned and operated by Six Flags, and is the most visited theme park in Latin America with 2.8 million annual visitors. It was previously known as Reino Aventura when it was Mexican-owned and featured the orca whale Keiko (from the movie Free Willy) as its principal attraction.
History
Reino Aventura (Spanish for "Adventure Kingdom") opened its gates on March 3, 1982, as the largest theme park in Latin America with a mascot named Cornelio, who was a purple cartoon dragon. Since its opening, no new attractions were added, thus attendance dropped. In 1992, the park was closed for an extensive remodeling as well as adding new rides, opening once again on July 3, 1993, with the new moniker El Nuevo Reino Aventura (The New Adventure Kingdom) featuring new rides such as Río Salvaje (Wild River, a raft ride), Viaje Inesperado (Unexpected Trip, a motion simulator), and Roller Skater (a Vekoma Kiddie Coaster). That same year, the feature film Free Willy was shot in the park. This attracted numerous animal rights organizations, which pressured the park to free the orca Keiko. After Keiko left, Cornelio the dragon became once again the Park's official mascot.
In 1999, Premier Parks bought Reino Aventura for an estimated $59 million. Under new administration, the park's name was officially changed to Six Flags. Twenty new attractions were added to the park, including Batman: The Ride, Kilahuea, and Medusa, a wooden roller coaster. It opened its gates again on April 14, 2000, as Six Flags México.
Premier Parks bought the rest of the stocks on Six Flags, and became Six Flags Inc., which is their current name. The latest coaster openings in Six Flags México include Superman el Último Escape (2004), The Dark Knight (2009), The Joker (2013), Medusa Steel Coaster (2014), and Wonder Woman Coaster (2018).
In 2011, the park opened Terminator X: A Laser Battle for Salvation, an indoor themed laser tag attraction. On September 6, 2012, Six Flags México announced The Joker a Gerstlauer spinning coaster for the 2013 season. The Joker was relocated from Six Flags Discovery Kingdom as Pandemonium from 2008-2012. Also announced is two new events in October and December, Festival del Terror and Christmas in the Park, both starting in 2012.
In June 2013, Six Flags México announced on Facebook that an attraction at the park will be closing at the end of summer 2013. On July 1, 2013, Cowboy Stunt Show was announced for the park. On August 29, 2013, Six Flags officially announced the renovation of Medusa to Medusa Steel Coaster that will feature steel tracks and multiple inversions for the 2014 season. On August 28, 2014, it was announced that the park would get a Funtime Starflyer named Skyscreamer in 2015. On September 3, 2015, it was announced that the park would get Justice League: Battle For Metropolis 4D in 2016, like Six Flags Great America. On September 1, 2016, it was announced that the park would get new things in 2017. They announced The New Revolution Virtual Reality Coaster and Medusa Steel Coaster, a Mardi Gras festival, and a new water park called Hurricane Harbor.
Attractions
Pueblo Mexicano (Mexican Village)
Pueblo Francés (French Village)
Pueblo Suizo (Swiss Village)
Pueblo Polinesio (Polynesian Village)
Villa Hollywood
DC Universe is a sub-section of Villa Hollywood, which includes rides themed to DC Comics.
DC Super Friends
Pueblo Vaquero (Cowboy Village)
Bugs Bunny Boomtown
Former attractions
Accidents
Carlos Joel Garza Marines, 15, fell ten meters from the "Rueda India" and broke their legs in March 2019.
Abdiel Alexey, an 18-year-old visitor, suffered a head injury after flying out of an unsecured seat on El Penguino in November 2020. Original reports had been that they died from the injury in the hospital, but it was later reported that they were recovering.
References
https://www.milenio.com/negocios/six-flags-cierra-operaciones-semaforo-rojo-covid-19-cdmx
External links
Six Flags México
Mexico's Coaster Fan Club
Amusement parks in Mexico City
Mexico
2000 establishments in Mexico
Amusement parks opened in 2000
As a well-known and iconic creature type, vampires are central to a variety of games, including board games, role-playing games, and video games.
These include a number of games where vampires are either incidental villains, or the primary villain of the game, as well as games that allow players to play as a vampire. It has been noted that vampires are "supernatural beings with a laundry list of fantastic abilities and a need for feeding on the living, which would presumably give numerous options for a plot". As late as 2014, however, it was lamented that there were not enough video games featuring vampires, with one commentary noting that "Vampires have never lent themselves readily to video games" due to their combination of cerebral and passionate characteristics, which "need something that most video games can't handle at the best of times, great writing".
Board games and card games
The Fury of Dracula is a board game for 2-4 players designed by Stephen Hand and published by Games Workshop in 1987. Fantasy Flight Games released an updated version in 2006 as Fury of Dracula, and a third edition in 2015 by the same name. WizKids Games released a fourth edition in 2019. In the April 1988 edition of Dragon (Issue 132), Jim Bambra liked the first edition of the game, saying, "[It] takes some of the best elements of role-playing games and neatly transposes them into an intriguing and fun board game." Bambra recommended the game, concluding, "Steeped in Gothic atmosphere and tinged with the unexpected, The Fury of Dracula game deserves to be in every gamer's collection."
In the trading card game Magic:The Gathering, vampires are quite iconic creatures of the colors black and red. Most of them share the ability to fly and to grow stronger (via +1/+1 counters) by dealing mortal damage to other creatures or to the players(according to the idea of gaining power from the blood of their victims). Shadows over Innistrad, a Magic: The Gathering expansion block consisting of the sets Shadows over Innistrad and Eldritch Moon, features vampires along with other horrors such as werewolves and demons.
In Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game, vampire are all zombie-type monster cards: "Patrician of Darkness", "Vampire Lord", "Vampire Lady" and "Red-Moon Baby" ("Vampire Baby" in Japanese version). In Yu-Gi-Oh! R manga, the character Tilla Mook uses the card monster "Curse of Vampire".
Vampire: The Eternal Struggle (published as Jyhad in the first or "Limited" edition and often abbreviated as V:TES) is a multiplayer collectible card game published by White Wolf Publishing, set in the World of Darkness. The game was designed in 1994 by Richard Garfield and initially published by Wizards of the Coast and was the third CCG ever created. As Garfield's first follow-up to their popular Magic: The Gathering collectible card game, they were eager to prove that the genre was "a form of game as potentially diverse as board games". In 1995 the game was renamed from Jyhad to Vampire: The Eternal Struggle to increase its appeal and distance itself from the Islamic term jihad.
Role-playing games
Dungeons & Dragons
In the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, the vampire is an undead creature. A humanoid or monstrous humanoid creature can become a vampire, and looks as it did in life, with pale skin, haunting red eyes, and a feral cast to its features. A new vampire is created when another vampire drains the life out of a living creature. Its depiction is related to those in the 1930s and 1940s Hollywood Dracula and monster movies. In writing vampires into the game, as with other creatures arising in folklore, the authors had to consider what elements arising in more recent popular culture should be incorporated into their description and characteristics.
The vampire was one of the first monsters introduced in the earliest edition of the game, in the Dungeons & Dragons "white box" set (1974), where they were described simply as powerful undead. They appeared again in the Greyhawk supplement. The vampire later appeared in the first edition Monster Manual (1977), where its description was changed somewhat to a chaotic evil, night-prowling creature whose powerful negative force drains life energy from victims.
One popular Dungeons & Dragons campaign setting, Ravenloft, has as a central character a vampire named Strahd Von Zarovich, who is both ruler and prisoner of their own personal domain of Barovia. How Count Von Zarovich became the darklord of Barovia was detailed in the novel, I, Strahd: The Memoirs of a Vampire.
Other role-playing games
The role-playing game Vampire: The Masquerade has been influential upon modern vampire fiction and elements of its terminology, such as embrace and sire, appear in contemporary fiction.
GURPS Cabal, a book that features a customizable campaign setting for the GURPS role-playing game system, depicts a modern-day secret society composed of vampires, lycanthropes and sorcerers who study the underlying principles of magic and visit other planes of existence and was integrated into Infinite Worlds, the "default" (core) setting for GURPS's 4th Edition. The Third Edition GURPS supplement Blood Types lists 47 different "species" of vampires describing 30 of them from both folklore and fiction in 23 listings (several are simply different names for the same type of vampire; for example the Burma's Kephn is considered a male version of the Penanggalen)
Shadowrun features vampires whose existence is explained by a resurgence of the Human Meta-Human Vampiric Virus. As such, the afflicted are not undead, but instead are still alive but radically changed by the retrovirus. They normally do not suffer from the supernatural limitations such as crosses, but still are vulnerable to sunlight. In the tabletop wargame Warhammer Fantasy, Vampire Counts are one of the playable forces.
Video games
One of the earliest video games featuring a vampire as the antagonist is The Count, a 1981 text adventure for various platforms, in which local villagers send the player to defeat Count Dracula.
A number of video game developers "have taken inspiration from the vampire myth to create unique gaming experiences that have players hunting down the beasts as well as playing as a member of the undead". Popular video games about vampires include Castlevania, which is an extension of the original Bram Stoker novel Dracula, and Legacy of Kain.
A number of websites have compiled "best of" lists of vampire games, with games frequently mentioned including Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Darkwatch, Infamous: Festival of Blood, Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, and Vampire: The Masquerade – Bloodlines.
While most vampire-themed games involve some kind of combat between the player (either fighting vampires, or as a vampire fighting other foes), some games incorporate vampires without including those elements. In particular, The Sims 4 features the game pack, The Sims 4: Vampires, which includes Vampires as a life state, with Gothic-themed objects, outfits, interactions, aspirations, foods, and a Vampire Lore Skill. It is only available for digital download. The pack also features a new neighborhood called Forgotten Hollow which, fitting with the vampiric theme, has longer nighttimes than other neighborhoods. It takes elements from The Sims 2: Nightlife, The Sims 3: Late Night and The Sims 3: Supernatural.
See also
List of vampire video games
List of fictional vampires § Video / board / card games
Count Dracula in popular culture § Games
Vampires in popular culture
References
Mugdab (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 117 as of 2010.
Geography
Mugdab is located 43 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kunada River. Gazilala and Tloglob are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
The James Lynaugh Unit is a state prison for men located in Fort Stockton, Pecos County, Texas, owned by operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. It opened in September 1994, and has a maximum capacity of 1416 male inmates at various security levels.
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Pecos County, Texas
Fort Stockton, Texas
1994 establishments in Texas
François-Marie Perrot (; 1644 – 1691) was born in Paris and Seigneur de Sainte-Geneviève.
Biography
They were appointed governor of Montreal by a royal commission in 1670 and arrived in New France that year. Records do show their tenure as 1669–84.
In 1669 they married Madeleine Laguide Meynier, a niece of Jean Talon, and by them they had six children. Through Talon's influence they obtained the appointment as governor of Montreal from the seigneurs of the island, the Messieurs de Saint-Sulpice, succeeding Paul de Chomedey de Maisonneuve.
On October 29, 1672, they were granted the island that now bears their name (Île Perrot to the west of Montreal Island) as a seignory.
Perrot was the governor of Acadia from 1684–87. They were replaced by Louis-Alexandre des Friches de Meneval.
References
External links
Governors of Acadia
1644 births
1691 deaths
Governors of Montreal
17th-century Canadian politicians
This is a list of Irish counties by their highest point. These are most commonly known as county high points but are also sometimes referred to as county tops and county peaks. There are 32 counties in Ireland, but in the case of 10 counties, marked with (‡), the highest point is shared between two counties, so there are only 27 distinct Irish county high points. This list is generated from the Irish MountainViews Online Database (October 2018 edition), and the overall ranking of an Irish County High Point against all other peaks in Ireland, is based on the Vandeleur-Lynam definition where a peak must have a minimum topographic prominence of to be on the list of peaks in Ireland. The four Irish provincial tops, more also referred to as province high points, are also listed. The listings of Irish county high points under the definitions of Irish mountains (e.g. Furths, Marilyn, Arderins), are also provided.
The list of Irish county and provincial high points contains four of Ireland's five Real Munros, and 14 of Ireland's 25 P600 "Major" mountains.
Ireland's County High Points is one of 16 sub-lists which together comprise the complete list of 188 Irish major geographical high points.
Gallery
List
See also
List of Irish counties by area
List of Irish counties by coastline
Lists of mountains in Ireland
Notes
References
External links
High Point Ireland: Ireland's County High Points
High Point Ireland: Publisher of Irish High Points lists
MountainViews: The Irish Mountain Website
MountainViews: Irish Online Mountain Database
MountainView Online Database: Highest points by county in Ireland
Highest
Mountains
Irish counties
Daniel J. Donahue (April 23, 1923 – March 20, 2015) was an American business person who was the owner and president of the Atlanta Braves Major League Baseball club from 1973 until 1975.
Born in Lowell, Massachusetts, Donahue was a graduate of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, and then served with the United States Navy during World War II. Following their service, they received their law degree and was a venture capitalist involved in many aspects of the business world.
In 1976, Donahue sold the franchise to millionaire tycoon Ted Turner.
Donahue died in 2015 in Barrington, Illinois, at the age of 91.
See also
Atlanta Braves owners and executives
Sources
1923 births
2015 deaths
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Atlanta Braves executives
Atlanta Braves owners
Dartmouth College alumni
Major League Baseball owners
People from Lowell, Massachusetts
Llanos is a barrio in the municipality of Aibonito, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 6,840.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Llanos and Algarrobo barrios was 1,226.
Sectors
Barrios (which are like minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Llanos barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Aibonito, Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Aibonito, Puerto Rico
Hillary 1984 is the title of the viral video that combines the footage of the 2008 presidential campaign web announcement by Hillary Clinton with the 1984 Super Bowl commercial by Apple Inc. for the launch of Macintosh. The video shows the same blond female athlete from the 1984 Super Bowl commercial updated with an iPod. The Big Brother image that they throw the sledgehammer at is replaced with Hillary Clinton announcing that they are running for president. It ends with the original text replaced with, "On Jan. 14, the Democratic primary will begin. And you'll see why 2008 won't be like 1984." The Apple symbol is a morphed into an "O", which is followed by a logo for Barack Obama's presidential campaign website. Barack Obama's presidential spokesperson Bill Burton has said "Hillary 1984" was not created by the Obama campaign.
Phillip de Vellis later admitted to creating the video and resigned from their position at Blue State Digital, who had also been unaware that they had made it. De Vellis stated that they made the video in one afternoon at home using a Mac and some software. Political commentators including Carla Marinucci and Arianna Huffington, as well as de Vellis himself, suggested that the video demonstrated the way technology had created new opportunities for individuals to make an impact on politics.
References
External links
"I'm In" - Hillary discusses their plans to form an exploratory committee
Obama '08
2007 YouTube videos
Hillary Clinton 2008 presidential campaign
2008 United States presidential election in popular culture
Viral videos
American political satire films
Films based on Nineteen Eighty-Four
Cultural depictions of Hillary Clinton
Works about Hillary Clinton
Charles Taylor ( – 1766), of Maridge, near Totnes, Devon, was an English barrister and politician.
They were the eldest son of attorney Charles Taylor of Ugborough and Totnes, Devon, and educated at Wadham College, Oxford. They entered the Middle Temple in 1710 to study law and was called to the bar in 1717, becoming a bencher in 1749.
They were appointed a deputy remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer from 1729 to their death and was deputy recorder of Totnes from 1728 to 1736. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1722.
They were a Member of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes from 1747 to 1754.
They died in 1766. They had married Ann Pearse in 1725 and had four sons.
References
1693 births
1766 deaths
Alumni of Wadham College, Oxford
British MPs 1747–1754
Members of the Middle Temple
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
Fellows of the Royal Society
Beharaj is a town and union council of Gujrat District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
External links
info
Populated places in Gujrat District
Union councils of Gujrat District
Farme Castle was located in Rutherglen, to the south-east of Glasgow, Scotland. It stood east of Farme Cross where the A724 meets the A749 trunk road. The castle keep acted as one corner of a courtyard, formed by an extension in the form of a castellated mansion. High walls and subsidiary buildings completed the courtyard. There was an ornate arched gateway to the courtyard adjacent to the keep. The old keep was of three storeys and a garret, above a corbelled-out parapet with machicolations and water spouts.
An old ceiling was removed in 1792 to reveal an ancient wooden ceiling, which carried writing alluding to the Stewarts, and the date was 1325; in the 2010s, part of the text was reproduced on stone as a public art installation at Cuningar Loop, a recently opened public park a short distance to the north of the site of the castle.
The castle was a simple keep of the 15th century, possibly built on an older core. Robert the Bruce had granted the Farme Castle estate to Walter The Steward. The estate later passed to the Douglases. From 1482 to 1599 it belonged to the Crawfords, and became known as Crawford's Farme. It was demolished in the 1960s, by which time it was being used as a repository for redundant mining equipment. An industrial estate bearing the same name now occupies the site.
See also
Rutherglen Castle
Castlemilk House
References
Bibliography
Mason, Gordon. (2000) The Castles of Glasgow and the Clyde. Goblinshead.
Castles in South Lanarkshire
Former castles in Scotland
Buildings and structures in Rutherglen
Lowland castles
The Seafair Cup (branded as the HomeStreet Bank Cup for sponsorship reasons, and formerly the Albert Lee Appliance Cup), is an H1 Unlimited hydroplane boat race held annually in late July and early August on Lake Washington in Seattle, Washington. The race is the main attraction of the annual Seafair festival. Seattle has hosted the Seafair Cup consecutively since 1951. The event was part of the APBA Gold Cup for the following years: 1951 to 1955, 1957 to 1959, 1962, 1965, 1967, 1974, 1981, and 1985.
History
Seattle's history of unlimited hydroplane racing dates back to July 1950, when it was announced that the APBA Gold Cup was leaving Detroit in favor of Seattle. Slo-mo-shun IV, owned by Stanley Sayres, won the Gold Cup race in Detroit that year. At that time, the Gold Cup was run at the home of the winner, so for 1951, the Gold Cup was coming to Seattle. The race was added to the Seafair festival. When the Gold Cup left Seattle for Detroit in 1955, local officials decided to hold a race of their own, and the Seafair Cup was born.
The 1951 Seattle race was co-sponsored through 1960 by the Seattle Yacht Club. Greater Seattle, Inc. (later renamed Seafair, Inc.) became the sole sponsor of the race, starting in 1961. The Seafair Boat Club, which administers the Seattle race on Seafair's behalf, was organized in 1975.
Lou Fageol won the very first Seattle race driving Stan Sayres' Slo-mo-shun V. The Emerald City has hosted the Unlimiteds every year from 1951 to 2019. In 2020 and 2021, the event was cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The next unlimited hydroplane race in Seattle is planned for 2022.
Past Seattle Unlimited Hydroplane Winners
The following boats and drivers won in Seattle:
References
External links
Seafair Cup website
H1 Unlimited website
Annual sporting events in the United States
Culture of Seattle
H1 Unlimited
Motorboat races
Recurring sporting events established in 1951
Sports competitions in Seattle
The 2017 Brisbane International was a tournament of the 2017 ATP World Tour and 2017 WTA Tour. It was played on outdoor hard courts in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It was the ninth edition of the tournament and took place at the Queensland Tennis Centre in Tennyson. It was held from 1 to 8 January 2017 as part of the Australian Open Series in preparation for the first Grand Slam of the year.
It was announced on 24 August 2016 that 14-times Grand Slam champion Rafael Nadal would play at the event for the first time.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
1Qualifiers prize money is also the Round of 32 prize money.
*per team
ATP singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of December 26, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Sam Groth
Jordan Thompson
Elias Ymer
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Alex de Minaur
Ernesto Escobedo
Yoshihito Nishioka
Jared Donaldson
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Kevin Anderson → replaced by Pierre-Hugues Herbert
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of December 26, 2016.
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Sam Groth / Chris Guccione
Thanasi Kokkinakis / Jordan Thompson
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of December 26, 2016.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Ashleigh Barty
Donna Vekić
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Destanee Aiava
Aleksandra Krunić
Bethanie Mattek-Sands
Asia Muhammad
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Kateryna Bondarenko
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Carla Suárez Navarro (Shoulder injury) → replaced by Kateryna Bondarenko
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of December 26, 2016.
Other entrants
The following pair received a wildcard into the doubles main draw:
Ashleigh Barty / Casey Dellacqua
Champions
Men's singles
Grigor Dimitrov def. Kei Nishikori, 6–2, 2–6, 6–3
It was Grigor Dimitrov's fifth career title.
Women's singles
Karolína Plíšková def. Alizé Cornet, 6–0, 6–3
It was Karolína Plíšková's seventh career title.
Men's doubles
Thanasi Kokkinakis / Jordan Thompson def. Gilles Müller / Sam Querrey, 7–6(9–7), 6–4
Women's doubles
Bethanie Mattek-Sands / Sania Mirza def. Ekaterina Makarova / Elena Vesnina, 6–2, 6–3
Broadcast
Selected matches were aired in Australia on 7Two, with live coverage of both day and night sessions.
See also
2017 Australian Open Series
References
External links
2017 ATP World Tour
2017 WTA Tour
2017 in Australian tennis
2017
January 2017 sports events in Australia
Aric Yegudkin is an Australian choreographer and professional dancer born on 14 November 1985. Yegudkin is best known as a professional dancer on the Australian Dancing with the Stars.
Early life
Yegudkin started taking ballroom dance lessons at 8 years old after their parents noticed them dancing to Michael Jackson songs. They chose ballroom for their son because they were Russian as was the local ballroom dance teacher. Yegudkin competed as a Latin American dancer in dancesport competitions. In July 2001, Yegudkin partnered with Masha Belash, and the two began competing together in the youth category of dancesport. Together the pair won the Australian National Youth Latin American Championship three times.
Yegudkin is an accredited Dancesport Australia instructor. They also hold a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of New South Wales.
Career
Yegudkin first competed as a professional dancer Australian Dancing With the Stars in season 3. They won their first season of the reality dance competition with celebrity partner Ada Nicodemou. After winning their season of Dancing with the Stars, Nicodemou and Yegudkin competed against past winners Tom Williams and Kym Johnson in a special televised competition. Both couples performed three dances over two weeks for the panel of judges. Nicodemou and Yegudkin won the competition and were given the "Champion of Champions" trophy. Yegudkin's other past Dancing With the Stars partners include Haley Bracken, Zoe Cramond, Rhiannon Fish and April Rose Pengilly. For the fifteenth season of Dancing with the Stars, Yegudkin was partnered with presenter Emma Freedman in which they won on 7 September 2015. In October 2016 Channel Seven announced Dancing with the Stars would not return, making Freedman and Yegudkin the final winners of the series on Seven Networks. After Network Ten revived the show in 2019, Yegudkin returned partnering Michelle Bridges in season sixteen and then Claudia Karvan in season seventeen.
Yedgukin's Dancing with the Stars results are shown on the table below:
Outside of television, Yegudkin has served as a choreographer and dancer in the Australian touring stage show Shake, Rattle 'n'Roll. Yegudkin has also performed in productions of Burn the Floor and Dance, Dance, Dance. In January 2017, Yegudkin and Belash announced they would be opening a dance studio in Sydney called Move by Aric and Masha.
Personal life
Yegudkin proposed to their professional dance partner Masha Belash in 2013. Yegudkin and Belash married in October 2018. Their wedding was featured in Vogue Australia the following April. The couple is parents to twin daughters born in 2020.
References
External links
Australian ballroom dancers
Dancing with the Stars (Australian TV series) winners
Living people
1985 births
Australian male dancers
21st-century Australian dancers
Agonum duftschmidi is a species of beetle from family Carabidae, found in all European countries except for Andorra, Iceland, Malta, Monaco, Portugal, and Vatican City.
References
Beetles described in 1994
duftschmidi
Beetles of Europe
The 2022 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens Championship Series will be the 2022 edition of Rugby Europe's annual rugby sevens season. Ten participating nations will compete in two legs, in Lisbon, Portugal, and Kraków, Poland. There was a separate 2022 Rugby World Cup Sevens European Qualifier event held in Bucharest in July.
Russia and Ukraine were both scheduled to participate, however, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the World Rugby Executive Council barred the Rugby Union of Russia and Ukraine withdrew. Both France and Ireland, who were due to be relegated to the 2022 Trophy tournament as a punishment for not fielding teams in the previous 2021 Championship competition, were awarded the places vacated by Russia and Ukraine.
Schedule
Teams
Standings
First leg – Lisbon
Pool stage
Pool A
Pool B
Ranking Games
Final
3rd Place Play-off
5th Place Play-off
7th Place Play-off
9th Place Play-off
Results
Second leg – Kraków
Pool stage
Pool A
Pool B
Knockout stage
9th-10th playoff
5th–8th playoffs
1st-4th playoffs
Results
References
2022
2022 rugby sevens competitions
2022 in Portuguese sport
2022 in Polish sport
June 2022 sports events in Portugal
July 2022 sports events in Poland
Telfordville is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within Leduc County. It is located just off Highway 622, approximately west of Leduc. It is named for Robert Telford, former Leduc mayor and member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Telfordville had a population of 35 living in 13 of its 16 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 20. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Telfordville had a population of 20 living in 11 of its 15 total private dwellings, compared to its 2011 population of 0. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Designated places in Alberta
Hamlets in Alberta
Leduc County
The 1964 Merton Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Merton London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council went into no overall control.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Mitcham, Municipal Borough of Wimbledon and Merton and Morden Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Merton by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 146 candidates stood in the election for the 54 seats being contested across 14 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 47 and 28 respectively. Other candidates included 8 Residents, 6 Communists and 3 Independents. There were 13 four-seat wards and 1 two-seat ward.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. The Conservatives got 5 aldermen, Labour 3, and Independents 1.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw no party gain overall control of the new council with Labour winning 26 and the Conservatives winning 25 of the 54 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 45.3%. This turnout included 913 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
The FC Hertha Wiesbach is a German association football club from the Wiesenbach suburb of Eppelborn, Saarland.
The club's greatest success has been to earn promotion to the tier five Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar in 2013.
History
The club was formed in August 1908 as SSK Hertha Mangelhausen, with the name Hertha derived from the much more famous Hertha BSC Berlin. In the mid-1920s the club adopted its current name.
For most of its history the club has been a non-descript amateur side in local football. The clubs slow rise through the league system began in 1992 when it earned promotion to the then tier-six Bezirksliga Saarland-Nord. Wiesenbach played in this league for the next eight season until a league championship took it up to the Landesliga in 2000.
Four seasons in the Landesliga Saarland-Nordost followed until 2004, when another league title meant promotion to the Verbandsliga Saarland. Wiesenbach spend five seasons in this league, generally achieving good results. In 2009 the Saarlandliga was introduced as a new league in the Saarland between the Oberliga and the Verbandsliga and the club qualified for this league on the strength of a third place in 2008–09. The next four seasons Wiesenbach always finished in the top four, culminating in another league championship in 2013.
The later allowed the club to leave the Saarland league system for the first time and earn promotion to the Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar. In its first season there Wiesenbach finished in eighth place.
Honours
The club's honours:
League
Saarlandliga
Champions: 2013
Landesliga Saarland-Nordost
Champions: 2004
Bezirksliga Saarland-Nord
Champions: 2000
Runners-up: 1999
Cup
Saarland Cup
Runners-up: 2013
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier. With the introduction of the Saarlandliga in 2009 all leagues below dropped one tier.
Key
References
External links
Official team site
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Saarland
Association football clubs established in 1908
1908 establishments in Germany
Walter Carlos' Clockwork Orange is a studio album by American musician and composer Wendy Carlos, released under their birth name Walter, in 1972 by Columbia Records. The album contains previously unreleased and complete tracks from their score to Stanley Kubrick's 1971 film A Clockwork Orange that had been cut or omitted from the official soundtrack, Stanley Kubrick's Clockwork Orange, released three months earlier.
In April 2000, the album was reissued with bonus tracks under a new title, A Clockwork Orange: Wendy Carlos's Complete Original Score.
Background
The album includes the complete version of Carlos's composition "Timesteps", originally intended as a lead-in to an electronic arrangement of the fourth movement to Symphony No. 9 by Beethoven. Carlos had written the opening to "Timesteps" prior to working on the film. They picked up the same-titled novel and noticed that the piece reflected the feeling of the first few chapters. Thereafter the piece developed into "an autonomous composition with an uncanny affinity for 'clockwork'" (the last word being Carlos's way of referring to the book). Among the instruments Carlos used for the score include a "spectrum follower", a prototype of a vocoder that converted the human voice into electronic signals that mirror the original note that has been played. Since the Ninth Symphony has a chorale section in the finale, Carlos felt it was an appropriate challenge for the new device. When the film version was announced Carlos and producer Rachel Elkind made a demonstration recording for Kubrick, who became interested and invited them to meet them in London.
The final outcome was not entirely satisfying to Carlos in terms of total contribution to the film, but there remained the opportunity to present the music in a separate album, which led to this collection.
Artwork
The record label did not attempt to use images from the movie on the album cover. The image chosen was a surrealistic collage of objects and images representing ideas in the film by visual artist Karenlee Grant. These included a rifle, an image of Beethoven inside the numeral "9", various mechanical images including a clockwork mechanism superimposed on a sliced orange, dancers representing the classical themes, and so on. This again was not entirely to Carlos' and Elkind's liking.
For the CD re-release, an image parodying the film's own logo was created and used on the cover—depicting Beethoven holding out a glass of drugged milk through the film poster's iconic "A"-shaped image—with the original cover image on the back cover of the included booklet.
Track listing
Original release (LP) (1972)
The original release contains the following tracks:
Side 1
Side 2
CD release (2000)
References
External links
1972 albums
1970s classical albums
Wendy Carlos soundtracks
Wendy Carlos's Complete Original Score
Albums produced by Rachel Elkind
The Weinreb–Nahm ketone synthesis is a chemical reaction used in organic chemistry to make carbon–carbon bonds. It was discovered in 1981 by Steven M. Weinreb and Steven Nahm as a method to synthesize ketones. The original reaction involved two subsequent nucleophilic acyl substitutions: the conversion of an acid chloride with N,O-Dimethylhydroxylamine, to form a Weinreb–Nahm amide, and subsequent treatment of this species with an organometallic reagent such as a Grignard reagent or organolithium reagent. Nahm and Weinreb also reported the synthesis of aldehydes by reduction of the amide with an excess of lithium aluminum hydride (see amide reduction).
The major advantage of this method over addition of organometallic reagents to more typical acyl compounds is that it avoids the common problem of over-addition. For these latter reactions, two equivalents of the incoming group add to form an alcohol rather than a ketone or aldehyde. This occurs even if the equivalents of nucleophile are closely controlled.
The Weinreb–Nahm amide has since been adopted into regular use by organic chemists as a dependable method for the synthesis of ketones. These functional groups are present in a large number of natural products and can be reliably reacted to form new carbon–carbon bonds or converted into other functional groups. This method has been used in a number of syntheses, including macrosphelides A and B, amphidinolide J, and spirofungins A and B. (See Scope below)
Mechanism
Weinreb and Nahm originally proposed the following reaction mechanism to explain the selectivity shown in reactions of the Weinreb–Nahm amide. Their suggestion was that the tetrahedral intermediate (A below) formed as a result of nucleophilic addition by the organometallic reagent is stabilized by chelation from the methoxy group as shown. This intermediate is stable only at low temperatures, requiring a low-temperature quench.
This chelation is in contrast to the mechanism for formation of the over-addition product wherein collapse of the tetrahedral intermediate allows a second addition. The mechanistic conjecture on the part of Weinreb was immediately accepted by the academic community, but it was not until 2006 that it was confirmed by spectroscopic and kinetic analyses.
Preparation
In addition to the original procedure shown above (which may have compatibility issues for sensitive substrates), Weinreb amides can be synthesized from a variety of acyl compounds. The vast majority of these procedures utilize the commercially available salt N,O-dimethylhydroxylamine hydrochloride [MeO(Me)NH•HCl], which is typically easier to handle than the free amine.
Treatment of an ester or lactone with AlMe3 or AlMe2Cl affords the corresponding Weinreb amide in good yields. Alternatively, non-nucleophilic Grignard reagents such as isopropyl magnesium chloride can be used to activate the amine before addition of the ester.
A variety of peptide coupling reagents can also be used to prepare Weinreb–Nahm amides from carboxylic acids. Various carbodiimide-, hydroxybenzotriazole-, and triphenylphosphine-based couplings have been reported specifically for this purpose.
Finally, an aminocarbonylation reaction reported by Stephen Buchwald allows conversion of aryl halides directly into aryl Weinreb–Nahm amides.
Scope
The standard conditions for the Weinreb–Nahm ketone synthesis are known to tolerate a wide variety of functional groups elsewhere in the molecule, including alpha-halogen substitution, N-protected amino acids, α-β unsaturation, silyl ethers, various lactams and lactones, sulfonates, sulfinates, and phosphonate esters. A wide variety of nucleophiles can be used in conjunction with the amide. Lithiates and Grignard reagents are most commonly employed; examples involving aliphatic, vinyl, aryl, and alkynyl carbon nucleophiles have been reported. However, with highly basic or sterically hindered nucleophiles, elimination of the methoxide moiety to release formaldehyde can occur as a significant side reaction.
Nonetheless, the Weinreb–Nahm amide figures prominently into many syntheses, serving as an important coupling partner for various fragments. Shown below are key steps involving Weinreb amides in the synthesis of several natural products, including members of the immunosuppressant family of macrosphelides, and the antibiotic family of spirofungins.
Variations
Reaction of Weinreb–Nahm amides with Wittig reagents has been performed to avoid the sometimes harsh conditions required for addition of hydride reagents or organometallic compounds. This yields an N-methyl-N-methoxy-enamine that converts to the corresponding ketone or aldehyde upon hydrolytic workup.
Additionally, a one-pot magnesium–halogen exchange with subsequent arylation has been developed, showcasing the stability of the Weinreb–Nahm amide and providing an operationally simple method for the synthesis of aryl ketones.
More unusual reagents with multiple Weinreb–Nahm amide functional groups have been synthesized, serving as CO2 and α-diketone synthons.
Finally, Stephen G. Davies of Oxford has designed a chiral auxiliary that combines the functionality of the Weinreb amide with that of the Myers' pseudoephedrine auxiliary, allowing diastereoselective enolate alkylation followed by facile cleavage to the corresponding enantioenriched aldehyde or ketone.
See also
N,O-Dimethylhydroxylamine
Ketone Synthesis
References
Carbon-carbon bond forming reactions
Substitution reactions
Name reactions
This is a list of notable former consulting firms.
Former design and engineering consulting firms
Birdsall Services Group
Hyder Consulting
Merz & McLellan
Parkman Group
Sinclair Knight Merz
Former industrial design firms
Lunar Design
Former digital and IT consulting firms
American Management Systems
Cambridge Technology Partners
American Management Systems
Computer Sciences Corporation
Covansys Corporation
Diamond Management & Technology Consultants
Hitachi Consulting
Logica
MarchFirst
Mahindra Satyam
Perot Systems
Razorfish
Sapient Consulting
SapientNitro
SapientRazorfish
Scient
USWeb
Viant
Whittman-Hart
Former cybersecurity consulting firms
Mandiant
Former economics consulting firms
Data Resources Inc.
Wharton Econometric Forecasting Associates
Former human resource consulting firms
Towers Perrin
Watson Wyatt Worldwide
Former management consulting firms
Andersen Consulting
Arthur Andersen
Mercer Management Consulting
Monitor
Navigant Consulting
Sweett Group
Former political consulting firms
Cambridge Analytica
Former research and analysis firms
Business International Corporation
CNW Marketing Research
Compete.com
Data Resources Inc.
EcoWin
Global Business Network
Micropal
Research International
Wharton Econometric Forecasting Associates
Yankee Group
Former risk management consulting firms
Towers Watson
References
List of former consulting firms
Consulting firms
Consulting firms
Carl von Häberlin (16 December 1832, in Oberesslingen – 13 April 1911, in Stuttgart) was a German painter and illustrator.
Life
they received their first lessons at the Stuttgart Kunstschule, then attended the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf from 1852 to 1856, where they studied under Theodor Hildebrandt and Wilhelm von Schadow. Their first paintings were military scenes. In 1860, they pursued further studies with Karl Theodor von Piloty at the Academy of Fine Arts, Munich and expanded their thematic material, although still focusing on historical subjects.
Following a two-year study trip to Italy in 1864, they returned to Stuttgart, where they continued to paint scenes from history (now including Italy), and worked as an illustrator. From 1868 to 1883, they were a Professor of genre painting at the Kunstschule.
From 1878 to 1894, they spent the warmer months in Konstanz, working on twenty-six large scale murals at a hotel which had once been a monastery on Dominicans Island. These murals depicted the history of the island, through the beginnings of the hotel in 1874, and replaced an earlier set of Biblical frescoes. During their last two years working there, they also created frescoes for the Castell Castle in nearby Tägerwilen.
In 1901, they received the Ehrenkreuz of the Order of the Crown (Württemberg), which conferred a title of nobility.
Selected paintings
References
Further reading
Carl von Häberlin (1832-1911) und die Stuttgarter Historienmaler seiner Zeit (exhibition) : Galerie der Stadt Esslingen, Villa Merkel, 4 July - 17 August 1986 and the Rosgartenmuseum Konstanz, 22 August - 21 September 1986. J. Thorbecke (1986)
External links
More works by Häberlin @ ArtNet
1832 births
1911 deaths
Genre painters
19th-century German painters
German male painters
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
19th-century German male artists
Dennis O'Sullivan may refer to:
Dennis O'Sullivan (American football) (born 1976), American football player
Dennis O'Sullivan (Australian footballer) (born 1946), for the Carlton Football Club
Dennis O'Sullivan, see Roman Catholicism in Liberia
See also
Denis O'Sulivan (disambiguation)
Dennis Sullivan (disambiguation)
The 1939 William & Mary Indians football team represented The College of William & Mary during the 1939 college football season.
Schedule
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
William
Blood is an upcoming American thriller film directed by Brad Anderson and written by Will Honley. The film stars Michelle Monaghan and Skeet Ulrich.
Plot
Jess, a separated mother and nurse, moves with their daughter and young son Owen back into their old farmhouse. Shortly after settling in, Owen is bitten by the family dog, resulting in a mysterious infection from the bite. When Jess discovers a disturbing cure, they are tested on how far she's willing to go to save their child.
Cast
The cast includes:
Production
In September 2020, it was announced that the film would be directed by Brad Anderson and star Michelle Monaghan. In October 2020, Skeet Ulrich joined the cast.
Filming took place from October 14 to November 14, 2020, in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
References
External links
Official website
American thriller films
Upcoming English-language films
Films directed by Brad Anderson
Films shot in Winnipeg
Upcoming films
Vila Curuçá is a municipal District located in the eastern section, Zona Leste, of the city and prefecture of São Paulo, Brazil. It is one of the two districts making up the subprefecture of Itaim Paulista.
History
Vila Curuçá shares a common history with the district of Itaim Paulista and the eastern part of the district of Jardim Helena. The first Portuguese explorers arrived in the area in the early years of the 17th century. In 1610–11, the Bandeirante Domingos de Góes is recorded as having received a grant of land from the Portuguese crown in the "Boi Sentado" area, near the Tietê River. This land passed into the hands of the Carmelite priests in 1621. It was around this time that the chapel of Our Lady of Biacica was constructed (the name derives from the Tupi word "imbeicica", signifying a tough vine commonly found along the Tietê River). The chapel is regarded as a symbol of the area's first permanent settlement.
For a long time the now separate areas of Itaim Paulista and Vila Curuçá and the eastern part of Jardim Helena together formed a single administrative unit, Imbeicica. The administrative offices of the Subprefecture of Itaim Paulista are located in Vila Curuçá and Vila Curuçá is often thought of as simply a neighbourhood of Itaim Paulista.
Facilities
The "Vila Curuçá Centro Educacional Unificado, CEU" is an education centre which offers infant and primary education and also serves as a centre for the leisure activities of the local population. It also houses an internet access centre catering for the less-well off.
The nearby Clube da Cidade is a leisure and recreation centre run by the Prefecture of São Paulo, which houses swimming pools, sports courts and other facilities for over 3000 users on summer weekends as well as organising dances for the elderly population.
New station
Vila Curuçá is served by the CPTM network's Jardim Helena - Vila Mara station, opened on 28 May 2008. It provides improved transport connections and has helped stimulate the local economy.
Districts of São Paulo
Two-time defending champion Dylan Alcott defeated Sam Schröder in the final, 6–4, 6–2 to win the quad singles wheelchair tennis title at the 2021 French Open. It was the second step towards an eventual Golden Slam for Alcott.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
References
Draw
Wheelchair Quad Singles
French Open, 2021 Quad Singles
The crowned chat-tyrant (Silvicultrix frontalis) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.
Taxonomy
Clements splits this species, with the subspecies frontalis, albidiadema and orientalis remaining as crowned chat-tyrant, and spodionota and boliviana becoming Peruvian chat-tyrant, Ochthoeca spodionota.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
crowned chat-tyrant
Birds of the Northern Andes
crowned chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Philip "Little Farvel" Cohen alias Jack Kofsky (1906 or 1907 – September 15, 1949) was a figure from organized crime in New York in the 1930s, now considered a member of the so-called Kosher Nostra. According to the authorities, Cohen, a former rackets collector, was a member of the criminal organization Murder, Inc., led by Louis Buchalter and, like the gang leader and other members of the organization, was involved in international drug trafficking .
International drug trafficking
According to the findings of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics (FBN), the international drug trade intended for the USA in the 1920s and 1930s was largely controlled by the Kosher Nostra member Jacob Katzenberg, who was based in New York City. This supplied a large number of criminal gangs, including the organization around Louis Buchalter, to which Philip Cohen also belonged, with opium, which was initially obtained from Europe and later directly from China and then sold on nationally in the USA. The many murders carried out by Cohen's organization, which the press dubbed Murder, Inc., were largely based on enabling and covering up crimes of the criminal organization and the National Crime Syndicate, such as the drug trafficking organized by Katzenberg. This was actively supported by Murder, Inc. and can be seen as one of the main sources of income for the criminal organization in addition to the infiltration of unions and related industries - such as in particular the clothing industry in the Garment District (Manhattan) .
Philip Cohen and their accomplice Emanuel Weiss were heavily involved in the criminal organization's drug deals. The FBN first became aware of the group's machinations in 1935 when the remains of an opium processing plant were discovered by authorities after an explosion in a residential building on Seymour Avenue in New York City. In 1937, the FBN believed it had secured evidence of a violation of the US Narcotics Act by Cohen and Weiss when they managed to find Jacob Gottlieb at Rouses Point in New York State with a suitcase full of heroin. When they were arrested, they told the authorities that they had smuggled drugs from France through Canada to the USA for Cohen and Weiss and that the two were their clients. Shortly afterwards, while still in custody, Gottlieb committed suicide by hanging themselves in their cell for fear of retaliation by Murder, Inc. against them or their family. No charges could be brought against Cohen and Weiss due to the death of the only witness .
In 1939, the two Murder, Inc. members, who had long been the focus of the FBN, were finally indicted for violations of the US Narcotics Act. During a house search, FBN investigators discovered a chemical plant used to stretch morphine and had secured evidence of the involvement of Weiss, Cohen and three other people named Samuel Bernstein, Abe "Little Yiddel" Lorber and Al Angelson. After the fugitives were arrested in 1939, the trial was scheduled for 1940.
Emanuel Weiss and Philip Cohen were released after paying bail, but did not appear at the trial because they had also been charged with the murder of Joseph Rosen, a former haulage owner, since May 1940 and wanted to evade the trial.
After several months of manhunt, New York police officers managed to arrest Cohen in a Brooklyn apartment during a nightly house search on November 30, 1940, and found the wanted man exhausted and under the influence of drugs. There was no sign of their accomplice Weiss. In February 1941, Philip Cohen and the three remaining defendants were sentenced to three to ten years in prison. Cohen was sentenced to ten years.
Murder of Joseph Rosen
In the mid-1930s, prosecutor William O'Dwyer, who had set themselves the goal of taking action against organized crime, put the focus of their investigation on Louis Buchalter, the boss of Cohen. This resulted in particular in driving potential witnesses out of town or their being murdered. Buchalter saw danger in a business person named Joseph Rosen, who had been informed of the gang leader's involvement in the infiltration of the unions and had returned to the city against their will. On September 13, 1936, on Buchalter's orders, Rosen was shot in their shop in Brownsville, New York City . Harry Strauss was supposedly commissioned with the planning and execution of the crime along with James Ferraco, Emanuel Weiss, Sholem Bernstein and Louis Capone. Along with Sholem Bernstein, Philip Cohen was seen as an escape driver and is said to have transported the perpetrators, who initially used a stolen escape vehicle, in their car after leaving the vehicle and helped them escape from the crime scene.
When the public prosecutor's office was able to prosecute those involved on the basis of the testimony of the contract killer Abe Reles, who had become an informant, Philip Cohen was initially included in the murder charge in 1940, but was later struck off the list of accused due to lack of evidence. Instead, they had already been convicted of drug smuggling. Cohen's accomplices Emanuel Weiss, Louis Capone and gang leader Louis Buchalter were sentenced to death for the murder of Rosen and in 1944, after two years of vehement but unsuccessful attempts to enforce a retrial, were executed in the electric chair in Sing Sing Prison.
Murder of Danny Fields and Louis Cohen
Philip Cohen was also linked by investigators with the FBN to the double homicide of Danny Fields aka Isadore Friedman and Louis Cohen on January 28, 1939, and is believed to have been one of the shooters. However, in the absence of sufficient evidence, no charges could be brought against Cohen.
Assassination
Philip Cohen was found dead on a Long Island road a few months after their release on September 15, 1949 . They had been shot in the head four times.
The authorities ruled out robbery and rather classified the act as a classic underworld-style execution; the perpetrators had no interest in various valuables that Cohen was carrying. Police officers later found Cohen's car with traces of blood on the passenger seat. Allegedly, Cohen was murdered in a manner similar to that of several Murders, Inc. victims who were shot dead by a perpetrator sitting behind them during a final drive.
However, prosecutor Burton Turkus, who served in the Joseph Rosen murder case, contradicted claims in the press that Cohen may have been murdered in retaliation for the conviction and execution of Louis Buchalter, Emanuel Weiss and Louis Capone to avoid the electric chair himself. In fact, Cohen never cooperated with the authorities, said Turkus. In typical underworld fashion, the accused kept silent about any offers made by the public prosecutor. The day Cohen was released from the dock for lack of evidence, they turned to Buchalter in the courtroom and assured them that they had not cooperated nor would cooperate.
The police failed to solve Cohen's murder. It was assumed, however, that after their release from prison, Cohen wanted to gain a foothold in the criminal milieu again and thereby pushed competitors out of their niche. In particular, Cohen, as the head of a criminal group, is said to have tried to blackmail betting shops and accountants.
References
American people of Russian descent
1900s births
1949 deaths
Jewish American gangsters
Murder, Inc.
Criminals from New York City
20th-century American Jews
Deaths by firearm in New York (state)
Rosemary Brown is an American politician serving as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. Brown was first elected to the 189th Legislative District of Pennsylvania in November 2010. They were sworn into their first term on January 4, 2011.
Biography
Brown has resided in the Poconos for 37 years and is a member of St. John's Parish, which is located in East Stroudsburg. Brown graduated from East Stroudsburg High School and holds a bachelor's degree in Communications from the University of Scranton.
Brown currently resides in Middle Smithfield Township with their husband Joe and their three children.
Prior to becoming a legislator, Brown worked as an assistant buyer for Macy's, and as an executive sales manager for Macy's, Saks Fifth Avenue, and The Bon-Ton stores. Brown then began working in pharmaceutical sales for Hoffmann-La Roche and Vistakon, which is a branch of Johnson & Johnson.
The 2019-20 legislative session marks their fifth term representing the people of the 189th District in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. They were first elected to represent the district on Nov. 2, 2010.
During the current session, Rosemary is serving their first term as a deputy whip for the House Republican Caucus. Additionally, they serve as a member of the House Appropriations, Education, Professional Licensure and Transportation committees.
Brown announced they would retire and not seek re-election in 2022.
References
External links
Pennsylvania House of Representatives – Rosemary M. Brown Official Pennsylvania House website
Pennsylvania House Republican Caucus – State Representative Rosemary Brown Official party website
Living people
1970 births
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania Republicans
University of Scranton alumni
People from East Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania
21st-century American politicians
Regode is a village and Mandal in Medak district of Telangana, India.
Regode mandal is bounded by Manoor, Narayankhed, Shankarampet, Alladurg, Andole, Pulkal, Munpalle and Raikode mandals.
Geography
Regode is located at . It has an average elevation of 506 metres (1663 ft).
Demographics
According to the 2001 Indian census, the total population was 33,056 in 5,980 households. The male population was 16,780 and females totalled 16,276. Children under 6 years of age were 5,484 (boys 2,779 and girls 2,705), and total literates were 10,269.
Regode village has a population of 3,267 in 2001.
Villages
The villages in Regode mandal include Chowderpalle, Devnoor, Dosapalle, Dudiyal, Gajwada, Jagriyal, Khaderabad, Kondapur, Kothwalpalle, Marpalle, Medikonda, Nirjipala, Pyararam, Pocharam, R. Itikyal, Regode, Saipet, Sindole, Timmapoor, Tatipally, T. Lingampalle, M. Venkatapoor, Usrikpalle, Darakastupally, PeddaThanda, and Bhoothkoor.
References
Mandals in Medak district
The Commission to Explore a Route for a Canal to Lake Erie and Report, known as the Erie Canal Commission, was a body created by the New York State Legislature in 1810 to plan the Erie Canal. In 1817 a Canal Fund led by Commissioners of the Canal Fund was established to oversee the funding of construction of the canal. In 1826 a Canal Board, of which both the planning commissioners and the Canal Fund commissioners were members, was created to take control of the operational canal. The term "Canal Commission" was at times applied to any of these bodies. Afterwards the canal commissioners were minor state cabinet officers responsible for the maintenance and improvements of the state's canals.
The office of Canal Commissioner was abolished in 1876, and their responsibilities were taken over by the Superintendent of Public Works in February 1878. The Canal Fund and the Canal Board were abolished in 1910.
Origins of the Erie Canal Commission
As the United States expanded into western New York and the Northwest Territory, the Great Lakes became an essential part of the system of waterways, on which merchants did most of their shipping. The easiest way from the Great Lakes to the Atlantic Ocean and Europe was by way of the St. Lawrence River, but this was controlled mainly by the French from Canada. After examining the Mohawk River, a canal from the Great Lakes to the Hudson River was proposed. In addition to the control of shipping in North America, the United States would successfully tie the western territories to the eastern states, thus creating a more unified nation. This was an enormous undertaking, so it became necessary to appoint a Commission to oversee the entire project.
The origins of the Commission can be traced back to two men: Thomas Eddy and Jonas Platt. Eddy was the Treasurer of the Western Inland Lock Navigation Company, which had been established in 1792 with the purpose of developing a navigable route up the Mohawk River to Lake Ontario. When they found their company in financial trouble, they drew upon the idea first proposed by Joshua Forman (member of the New York State Assembly from Onondaga County in 1808) of building a canal, rather than trying to navigate the rivers. They turned to their friend Platt, then a State Senator and leader of the Federalists in New York, and the two of them decided to propose the creation of a small group of highly influential commissioners to explore two possible routes of a canal – one to Lake Ontario and one to Lake Erie. They would report findings to the New York State Legislature after their expedition to the west. In order to get permission for this commission, Platt and Eddy knew that each man had to command a certain amount of power and respect, but the whole group had to be politically balanced between Federalists and Democratic-Republicans. On March 13, 1810, Platt presented their project for a bipartisan Canal Commission to the State Legislature, and received overwhelming support. On March 15, the State Legislature appointed Federalists Gouverneur Morris, Stephen Van Rensselaer, William North and Thomas Eddy, and Democratic-Republicans DeWitt Clinton, Simeon DeWitt and Peter Buell Porter a commission to explore a route for a canal to Lake Erie, and report.
Surveying the route
In June 1810, the commissioners were prepared to head west to survey the land to determine a possible route for their canal. Though Gouverneur Morris was President of the Commission, the title was mainly ceremonial because all the members looked to DeWitt Clinton for leadership. All of the members except Van Rensselaer and Morris, who traversed the whole state by carriage, traveled up the Mohawk River and as far west as possible by water, where they met two amateur surveyors, James Geddes and Benjamin Wright. From there, they traveled the final one hundred miles from Lake Seneca to Lake Erie by carriage. DeWitt Clinton kept a journal for the entire journey, in which they closely documented their adventures.
After much deliberation, the Commission turned their findings into a report that they submitted in March 1811. Rejecting Porter's ideas of running the canal either to Lake Ontario, or through their lands to Lake Erie, the commissioners decided that the canal had to run straight to Lake Erie. Otherwise, the St. Lawrence River would still be a primary route of transportation and the West would not be connected to the East. They also rejected Morris's proposition of a natural waterway created by the overflow of Lake Erie in favor of an entirely artificial waterway. The final and most important section of the report demanded public financing and control of the canal by the State of New York. Citing past failures such as Eddy's company, and George Washington's Potomac Company, the Commission stated that such large endeavors were too expensive for private financing.
Response to the report
In response to this report, on April 8, 1811, the State Legislature passed the first of many laws relating to the canal. The bill added Robert Fulton and Robert R. Livingston to the Commission. Fulton had developed the first steamboat that ran along the Hudson River and Livingston was their business and engineering partner. It also gave the commissioners $15,000 to finance further activities and granted them permission to take all the necessary steps to finance the entire project. On June 19, 1812, the Commission was empowered to purchase the rights, interests and estate of the Western Inland Lock Navigation Company.
Eddy and Fulton looked for engineers to design the project. De Witt and Van Rensselaer sought land cessations for the path of the canal. Livingston, with the help of Clinton, devised a plan to secure national assistance. Morris and North looked for the best way to borrow money. The largest duty, however, was assigned to Clinton and Morris, who went to Washington, D.C., to solicit aid from President James Madison and the Federal Government. Unfortunately, after failing to obtain any funds from the government, their situation only got worse with the War of 1812.
War of 1812 and aftermath
With the outbreak of war, Van Rensselaer became the Head of the New York State Militia, and Clinton ran as the Federalists presidential candidate opposing James Madison and the war. In addition, despite allowing the Commission to create a fund for financing the canal in 1812, the State Legislature repealed the act in 1814, rendering the commissioners essentially helpless.
Finally, after the United States made peace with Great Britain, officials could turn their attention towards the canal, which they did in a public meeting in New York City on December 3, 1815. The board sparked interest by emphasizing the benefits the city would receive from the canal. Despite minor setbacks, the meeting was a huge success. Even though President Madison vetoed a bill that provided funding for one quarter of the canal, the Commission convinced the State Legislature to go ahead with construction.
New appointments to the commission
On April 17, 1816, the State Legislature passed a bill that provided more funds for the project, and appointed Van Rensselaer, Clinton, Joseph Ellicott, Myron Holley and Samuel Young Commissioners to Construct a Canal from the Hudson River to Lake Erie and Lake Champlain. Ellicott was well informed about the lands in western New York as well as being an agent of the Holland Land Company, which donated 100,000 acres (400 km) to the Erie Canal project. Holley, a State assemblyman, was a supporter of Clinton and government-financed public improvements. Young had written A Treatise on Internal Navigation - A Comprehensive Study of Canals in Great Britain and Holland.
The project was soon caught up in politics, with either party attempting to receive the credit for the construction; the Bucktails struggled to gain control over the Commission, still firmly held by Clinton in 1817.
On April 19, 1817, the State Legislature created the Canal Fund to oversee construction. The Commissioners of the Canal Fund consisted ex officio of the Lieutenant Governor, the State Comptroller, the Attorney General, the Secretary of State, the State Treasurer and the Surveyor General. The existing Canal Commission was keep a separate planning body, thereby splitting Clinton's power over the canal.
In 1818, Ellicot resigned from the Commission citing poor health, and to replace him, Clinton appointed one of their strongest supporters Ephraim Hart. Recognizing Hart's political allegiance, the Bucktail majority of the State Legislature elected a Clinton opponent, Henry Seymour, in 1819 to succeed Hart.
The Commission slipped even further out of Clinton's control in 1821, when the Bucktail-controlled State Legislature passed a bill that provided two million dollars in funding for the canal, as well as the appointment of an additional commissioner. As Governor of New York, Clinton had to sign the bill so they were not seen as blocking the necessary funds. The Bucktails promptly elected William C. Bouck, another staunch Clinton opponent.
A heavy blow to Clinton came on April 12, 1824, when their opponents succeeded in ousting them from the Commission. Despite words of support in the State Assembly, they voted them out and Clinton stepped down after being a commissioner from the beginning and its president since 1816. A wave of indignation over the treatment of the man who was recognized as the driving force behind the construction, Clinton was re-elected Governor of New York in November 1824, and had the great satisfaction to preside over the inauguration of the completed Erie Canal on October 26, 1825.
Later reorganization and operations
The New York State Constitution of 1821 provided for the creation of the Canal Board to oversee the operational canal, which was established in 1826. The Board originally consisted of the same officers as the Commissioners of the Canal Fund, as well as the members of the Canal Commission, thereby merging they two in practical terms. In 1846, the newly created office of State Engineer and Surveyor replaced the Surveyor General.
Until 1844 the term of the commissioners was indefinite. The Act of May 6, 1844, established a four-year term, while vacancies were filled by concurrent resolution of both houses of the State Legislature, or during the recess of the Legislature, temporarily by the Governor, and a substitute was elected at the next State election if there was a remainder of the term. The Constitution of 1846 shortened the term to three years.
The office of Canal Commissioner was abolished by an amendment in 1876, with the functions of the office taken over by the new Commissioner of Public Works.
In 1903 New York State legislature authorized construction of the "New York State Barge Canal" as the "improvement of the Erie, the Oswego, the Champlain and the Cayuga and Seneca Canals".
In 1905, construction of the Barge Canal began; it was completed in 1918, at a cost of $96.7 million. Now known as the New York State Canal System, it is operated by the New York State Canal Corporation.
List of Canal Commissioners
Notes
References
Bernstein, Peter L, Wedding of the Waters, New York: W.W. Norton and Co., 2005.
Cornog, Evan, The Birth of Empire: DeWitt Clinton and the American Experience, 1769-1828, New York: Oxford University Press, 1998.
Koeppel, Gerard, "Bond of Union: Building the Erie Canal and the American Empire", Cambridge, Mass.: Da Capo Press, 2009.
Shaw, Ronald E, Erie Water West: A History of the Erie Canal, 1792-1854 Lexington, Kentucky: The University Press of Kentucky, 1990.
Commission
1810 establishments in New York (state)
Mound Hill (also known as the "Nelson Gay Mound") is an archaeological site in the Bluegrass region of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Located north of Winchester in far northern Clark County, the site is part of a group of Indian mounds lining Stoner Creek, although by far the largest of the group. The mound has frequently attracted attention from mapmakers and other surveyors, due to its large size; it was measured at (circumference) and (height) by an 1884 survey, which pronounced it a "romantic sight" due to its hilltop location between Stoner Creek and Pretty Run. The surveyors suggested that its linear shape with a central depression might have been the result of erosion or of the construction of multiple mounds that were later merged into one. It lies approximately west of the rest of the group, which occupies the summit of a narrow ridgeline known as the "Devil's Backbone." Digging at these mounds, which were seemingly related to Mound Hill, produced artifacts such as pottery and a pipe, as well as numerous stone box graves.
In 1978, Mound Hill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. One of several Clark County archaeological sites on the Register, it was deemed to encompass an area of for preservation purposes. It is believed to have been built by peoples of the Adena culture.
References
Archaeological sites in Kentucky
Adena culture
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places in Clark County, Kentucky
The Matipu people are an indigenous people of Brazil. They live in the southern part of the Xingu Indigenous Park in the state of Mato Grosso. Their a population is estimated at about 149 individuals in 2011, up from population of 40 in the 1995 census. They are mainly of animist faith and share many cultural traits with other Xingu peoples.
Name
They are also known as the Mariape-Nahuqua and Matipuhy.
Language
The Matipu traditional spoke the Matipu language, a Carib language, but there are no longer any known living speakers. They currently speak the Kuikúro-Kalapálo language.
Subsistence
To provide for themselves, the Matipu hunt, fish, and farm. Manioc and maize are their primary crops.
See also
Indigenous peoples in Brazil
List of Indigenous peoples in Brazil
Indigenous peoples of the Americas
References
External links
Languages of Brazil at Ethnologue
Xingu peoples
Indigenous peoples in Brazil
Indigenous peoples of the Amazon
Laura Pisati (died 30 March 1908) was an Italian mathematician. They were the first Italian to join the Deutsche Mathematiker-Vereinigung (DMV), in 1905, and in 1908 became the first woman invited to deliver a lecture at International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM).
Pisati was born in Ancona, and worked as a teacher at a secondary school for girls in Rome beginning in 1897. They graduated from Sapienza University of Rome in 1905. They died young a few days before the 1908 Congress in Rome, and a few days before their wedding to Italian physicist and electrical engineer Giovanni Giorgi, who had mentored them as a master's student. Them work for the Congress was titled "Saggio di una teoria sintetica delle funzioni di variabile complessa" ["An Essay on a Synthetic Theory of Functions of a Complex Variable"], and was presented by Roberto Marcolongo.
Them geometry textbook Elementi di geometria ad uso delle scuole medie inferiori, published in 1907, was part of a movement in Italian teaching of the time reacting against a presentation of the material focusing on intuition and hands-on experimentation, as had become popular beginning in the 1880s, and returning to a style of teaching geometry that included more rigorous proofs. In their preface, Pisati wrote that it would be a mistake to omit formal proofs and that it is any more difficult to include this material.
Writings
Articles
Books
Notes
External links
1908 deaths
20th-century Italian mathematicians
20th-century Italian writers
20th-century Italian women writers
Italian women mathematicians
Hüseyin Nazım Pasha (; 1848 – 23 January 1913) was an Ottoman general, who was the Chief of Staff of the Ottoman Army during the First Balkan War of 1912–13. They were murdered by Yakub Cemil during the 1913 Ottoman coup d'état.
Career
Nazim‘s Familily originated from Diyarbakir and moved to Istanbul where they were born.
They were a staunch supporter of the French Offensive Doctrine, developed primarily by Ferdinand Foch, their instructor at the Saint-Cyr Military Academy and later supreme commander of Allied forces on the Western Front of World War I. Following their appointment as a Chief of Staff, they made immediate changes to Ottoman military doctrine which had been created by Colmar Freiherr von der Goltz (Goltz Pasha), the German officer who had been in charge of the reorganisation and training of the Ottoman Army. Goltz Pasha's doctrine dictated that, in case of war with Balkan states, Ottoman forces would remain on the defensive, both on the western (Vardar) and eastern (Thracian) approaches.
Nazım Pasha abandoned Goltz Pasha's defensive (and probably realistic) doctrine and, though the Ottoman army had severe problems in mobilizing its troops (assembling fewer than half of the expected 600,000 troops), developed a bold offensive plan, including offensive operations on both fronts. Because the Serbian army was, after its defeat in the Serbo-Bulgarian War, considered a weaker opponent even by Western observers, Nazım Pasha planned to attack it first, and render it operationally incapable. They would then attack Bulgaria (which was considered the strongest link in the Balkan alliance) from both the Macedonian and Thracian directions. Their underestimation of Serbian strength led to the complete failure of their operational plan and the catastrophe which followed.
They were assassinated by the Committee of Union and Progress on 23 January 1913 during the 1913 Ottoman coup d'état. In retaliation, one of their relatives avenged their death by assassinating the Committee's Grand Vizier, Mahmud Shevket Pasha, on 11 June 1913.
References
1913 deaths
Ottoman Military Academy alumni
Ottoman Military College alumni
Ottoman Army generals
Pashas
Ottoman military personnel of the Balkan Wars
Government ministers of the Ottoman Empire
Assassinated people of the Ottoman Empire
1848 births
Barrallton is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States. It was also known as Sunnyside.
History
A post office was established at Barrallton in 1885, and remained in operation until 1942. John Alden Barrall served as the first postmaster, and probably gave the community its name.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
The Sunshine Millions Sprint is a race for thoroughbred horses held in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California or at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida. Half the eight races of the Sunshine Millions are run at one track and half at the other.
Open to four-year-olds and older willing to race six furlongs on the dirt, the Sunshine Millions Sprint is an ungraded stakes event but currently carries a purse of $150,000. This race is also known as the Padua Stables Sprint (in 2006) as part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series.
In its 17th running in 2017, the series of races called the Sunshine Millions are restricted to horses bred either in Florida or in California and is the brainchild of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association, the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders' and Owners' Association, Inc., Santa Anita Park, Gulfstream Park, and Magna Entertainment Corporation.
Past winners
2016 - X Y Jet (Emisael Jaramillo)
2015 - Weekend Hideaway (Javier Castellano)
2014 - Ribo Bobo (Paco Lopez)
2013 - Off the Jak (Fla-bred)
2012 - Soaring Stocks (Fla-bred) (John Velazquez)
2011 - Amazombie (Cal-bred) (Mike E. Smith)
2010 - These Ones for Phil (Fla-bred) (John Velazquez)
2009 - Georgie Boy (Cal-bred) (Garrett Gomez)
2008 - Benny the Bull (Fla-bred) (Edgar Prado) (Richard E. Dutrow, Jr.)
2007 - Smokey Stover (Fla-bred) (Aaron Gryder)
2006 - Bordonaro (Cal-bred) (Pat Valenzuela)
2005 - Red Warrior (Cal-bred) (Garrett Gomez)
2004 - Shake You Down (Fla-bred) (Mike Luzzi)
2003 - Captain Squire (Fla-bred) (Alex Solis)
External links
Official site of the Sunshine Millions
Restricted stakes races in the United States
Horse races in Florida
Triple Crown Prep Races
Open sprint category horse races
Horse races in the United States
Horse races in California
Genetic algorithms have increasingly been applied to economics since the pioneering work by John H. Miller in 1986. It has been used to characterize a variety of models including the cobweb model, the overlapping generations model, game theory, schedule optimization and asset pricing. Specifically, it has been used as a model to represent learning, rather than as a means for fitting a model.
Genetic algorithm in the cobweb model
The cobweb model is a simple supply and demand model for a good over t periods. Firms (agents) make a production quantity decision in a given period, however their output is not produced until the following period. Thus, the firms are going to have to use some sort of method to forecast what the future price will be. The GA is used as a sort of learning behaviour for the firms. Initially their quantity production decisions are random, however each period they learn a little more. The result is the agents converge within the area of the rational expectations (RATEX) equilibrium for the stable and unstable case. If the election operator is used, the GA converges exactly to the RATEX equilibrium.
There are two types of learning methods these agents can be deployed with: social learning and individual learning. In social learning, each firm is endowed with a single string which is used as its quantity production decision. It then compares this string against other firms' strings. In the individual learning case, agents are endowed with a pool of strings. These strings are then compared against other strings within the agent's population pool. This can be thought of as mutual competing ideas within a firm whereas in the social case, it can be thought of as a firm learning from more successful firms. Note that in the social case and in the individual learning case with identical cost functions, that this is a homogeneous solution, that is all agents' production decisions are identical. However, if the cost functions are not identical, this will result in a heterogeneous solution, where firms produce different quantities (note that they are still locally homogeneous, that is within the firm's own pool all the strings are identical).
After all agents have made a quantity production decision, the quantities are aggregated and plugged into a demand function to get a price. Each firm's profit is then calculated. Fitness values are then calculated as a function of profits. After the offspring pool is generated, hypothetical fitness values are calculated. These hypothetical values are based on some sort of estimation of the price level, often just by taking the previous price level.
See also
List of genetic algorithm applications #Finance and Economics
References
J H Miller, 'A Genetic Model of Adaptive Economic Behavior', University of Michigan working paper, 1986.
J Arifovic, 'Learning by Genetic Algorithm in Economic Environments', PhD Thesis, University of Chicago, 1991.
J Arifovic, 'Genetic Algorithm Learning and the Cobweb Model ', Journal of Economic Dynamics and Control, vol. 18, Issue 1, (January 1994), 3–28.
R Hoffmann, 'The independent localisations of interaction and learning in the repeated prisoner's dilemma', Theory and Decision, vol. 47, p. 57–72, 1999.
R Hoffmann, 'The ecology of cooperation', Theory and Decision, vol. 50, Issue 2. p. 101–118, 2001.
External links
Centre for Adaptive Behaviour in Economics
Agent-Based Computational Economics and Artificial Life: A Brief Intro
Computational economics
Production economics
Genetic algorithms
Optimization algorithms and methods
Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough: Reinventing the Customer Experience is a book on customer service advice. It was released in March 2007.
Overview
This is the second book by Jonathan Tisch, the Chairman and CEO of Loews Hotels. In Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough, they share customer relation lessons he's learned during their career in the hospitality industry. Using popular companies such as In-N-Out Burger, Commerce Bank, Urban Outfitters as case studies, Tisch elaborates on the relation between customer service and business success. Their advice covers:
Using technology to create intimate connections with customers.
Finding ways to expand an organization's offerings beyond their basic product or service.
How to recognize customers' needs for physical and psychological safety.
Perfect the "art of the welcome," in both physical and virtual spaces.
Balance the growing demand for transparency with realistic needs for security and confidentiality.
The book has received coverage on CNBC's "Power Lunch," ESPN's "Cold Pizza," and PBS's "Nightly Business Report." Author Jonathan Tisch was a guest on NBC's The Today Show on March 2, 2007 discussing open exchange and on CBS's Early Show on March 7, 2007 where they discussed the book's strong customer service message using the Build-A-Bear company as a model.
References
YouTube, Expanded Books, The Ultimate in Customer Care
CBS, The Early Show, Jonathan Tisch appearance
YouTube, NBC, The Today Show, Jonathan Tisch appearance
Business books
2007 non-fiction books
Capelle (also Kapelle) is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located about 6 km west of Waalwijk.
The village was first mentioned in 1257 as Capella, and means chapel. The original village was flooded in the St. Elizabeth's flood of 1421. The Dutch Reformed church dates from 1750 and has a wooden domed tower.
Capelle was home to 144 people in 1840. Capelle was a separate municipality until 1923, when it merged with Sprang and Vrijhoeve-Capelle. They formed the new municipality of Sprang-Capelle, which existed until 1997. The village was flooded during the North Sea flood of 1953 and 42 people died. The municipality decided not to rebuild the village. Since 1997 Capelle is part of the municipality of Waalwijk.
References
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Waalwijk
Kanu o ka ʻĀina New Century Public Charter School (KANU) is Hawaii's first native designed and controlled public charter school. It is in Kamuela, Hawaii. KANUʻs founder is Dr. Kū Kahakalau.
It is a K-12 school.
References
External links
Kanu O Ka Aina New Century Charter School
Charter schools in Hawaii
Public schools in Hawaii
Schools in Hawaii County, Hawaii
Public K-12 schools in Hawaii
Charter K-12 schools in the United States
Marie von Olfers (27 October 1826, Berlin – 8 January 1924, Berlin) was a German writer, illustrator and salonnière. They wrote under the pseudonym M(aria) Werner, Werner Maria. They were also a major artistic influence on their niece Sibylle von Olfers.
Life
They were the second daughter of the museum director Ignaz von Olfers and the writer Hedwig, née von Staegemann.
Works
Drei Märchen. Zum Besten einer armen Waise (1862)
Herr Mops. Ein Mährchen (1863)
Frau Evchen. Eine sehr alltägliche Historie (1865)
Novellen (1872)
Eigenthum (Novelle, in: Deutsche Rundschau, 1. Jg. Bd. 2, 1875)
Neue Novellen (1876)
Nathanael (1880)
Zeichen- und Mal-Fibel (1882)
Der Sohn des Herzens (1882)
Vielliebchen. Ein Blumenmärchen (1882)
Ragenhart und Swanhild. Ein Harzepos aus dem achten Jahrhundert in 12 Gesängen (1883)
Simplizitas (Episches Gedicht, 1884)
Die Vernunftheirath und andere Novellen (1887)
Backfische und Alte Jungfern (Novellen, 1897)
Zwei Novellen. Jeremias und die schöne Vincenzia, Frau Evchen (1907)
Maximiliane Gräfin von Oriola, geb. von Arnim. Eine Jugenderinnerung (in: Illustrierte Frauen-Zeitung, 22. Jg., Heft 4)
Briefe und Tagebücher, hrsg. v. Margarete von Olfers (1928–1930)
Band 1: 1826–1870
Band 2: 1870–1924
Rosenwölkchen (Roskow, 9 September)
Bibliography
Heinrich Groß: Deutsche Dichterinen und Schriftstellerinen in Wort & Bild: Fr. Thiel, Berlin 1885, S. 258ff.
Petra Wilhelmy-Dollinger: Die Berliner Salons: Mit historisch-literarischen Spaziergängen. Walter de Gruyter, Berlin 2000, .
External links
Grave of Marie von Olfers
Manuscripts and letters by Marie von Olfers in libraries and archives
References
German women novelists
German illustrators
German salon-holders
Writers from Berlin
1826 births
1924 deaths
19th-century German writers
20th-century German writers
19th-century German women writers
20th-century German women writers
20th-century German women
General Sir Henry Edward ap Rhys Pryce, KCB, CMG, DSO (30 November 1874 – 21 June 1950) was a Welsh officer in the Indian Army who served Master-General of the Ordnance in British India.
Early life and education
Pryce was born in Cuttack, British India, the son of Lt.-Col. Douglas Davidson Pryce and Georgie Hunter Carter. Their younger brother was soldier of fortune Carol Ap Rhys Pryce. They were educated at Trinity College, Glenalmond, and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Military career
Pryce began their military career on the unattached list in 1895. They served their first year in India with the 1st Battalion, the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry, followed by a posting to the 18th Infantry, the 10th/9th Jats, and the Supply and Transport Corps. As a master of transport, they commanded a mule corps in the British expedition to Tibet, 1903–04. They later authored Transport Training Notes, which served for many years as a valuable handbook to the corps. They then graduated from the Staff College, Quetta, and in 1912 began a distinguished career at Army Headquarters at Shimla.
They served in the First World War during which they were awarded the DSO and mentioned in dispatches seven times.
Pryce became Commandant of the Senior Officers' School, Belgaum in December 1920 and Director of Supplies and Transport in India in 1927. They went on to be General Officer Commanding Presidency and Assam District in October 1929, General Officer Commanding Deccan District in December 1930 and Master-General of the Ordnance in India in April 1934. They were promoted to full general in May 1936.
They were appointed Honorary Colonel of 99th (London Welsh) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery, when that Territorial Army unit was raised in 1939, and they regularly visited it during World War II.
Personal life
Pryce married Alice Louise Pughe, daughter of Robertson Francis Home Pughe, in 1900. They had two sons, Meyrick Home ap Rhys Pryce (1902–1965) and Mervyn Aleck ap Rhys Pryce (1905–1940), who was killed in action in France while serving in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve.
References
1874 births
1950 deaths
British Indian Army generals
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
People educated at Glenalmond College
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
British people in colonial India
Military personnel of British India
Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry officers
Graduates of the Staff College, Quetta
Indian Army generals of World War I
Commandants of the Senior Officers' School, Belgaum
T.B. Seath & Co. was a shipbuilding company in Scotland established in 1856 by Thomas Bollen Seath (1820–1903) at a bend on the south bank of the River Clyde at Shawfield, Rutherglen; their previous premises near Partick were taken over by A. & J. Inglis. For a time they operated a service taking passengers downriver to central Glasgow. The company's speciality was small iron-hulled steamboats and yachts including those used in the Clutha ferry service.
The yard produced more than 300 vessels, some of which have survived and are in service into the 21st century. Builds include , , , and .
The Seath business closed in 1902 after a tidal weir was installed on the river east of Albert Bridge, blocking access to the sea from Rutherglen. Other firms continued to use the yard until 1923. Seath is interred in a prominent tomb at the nearby Southern Necropolis.
List of ships built by T.B. Seath & Co
References
External links
Painting of Seath's boatyard, artist unknown, hosted at Art UK (work itself held at Hamilton Low Parks Museum)
Painting of Seath's boatyard, 1890 by Thomas Grant, hosted at Art UK (work itself held at Hamilton Low Parks Museum)
Defunct shipbuilding companies of Scotland
1856 establishments in Scotland
1902 disestablishments in Scotland
Companies based in South Lanarkshire
River Clyde
British companies established in 1856
British companies disestablished in 1902
Rutherglen
History of South Lanarkshire
William "Smitty" Pignatelli (born August 31, 1959) is an American politician serving as a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, representing the 4th Berkshire District, consisting of the towns of Alford, Becket, Egremont, Great Barrington, Lee, Lenox, Monterey, Mount Washington, New Marlborough, Otis, Richmond, Sandisfield, Sheffield, Stockbridge, Tyringham, Washington and West Stockbridge, all in Berkshire County; and the towns of Blandford, Russell and Tolland, all in Hampden County. The district covers an area of 633.1 square miles. Pignatelli lives in Lenox, Massachusetts. They ran unopposed on November 4, 2014, receiving 99.0% of the vote.  They are a member of the Joint Committees on Ways and Means and Higher Education and is vice-chair of the Committee on Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development.
See also
2019–2020 Massachusetts legislature
2021–2022 Massachusetts legislature
References
External links
Massachusetts House of Representatives profile
1959 births
Living people
People from Pittsfield, Massachusetts
Babson College alumni
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Massachusetts Democrats
21st-century American politicians
People from Lenox, Massachusetts
Hardin County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Elizabethtown. The county was formed in 1792. Hardin County is part of the Elizabethtown-Fort Knox, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area, as well as the Louisville/Jefferson County—Elizabethtown-Bardstown, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, the population was 110,702.
Hardin County is known for being the birthplace of former U.S. president Abraham Lincoln, though the location is now part of neighboring LaRue County.
History
Hardin County was established in 1792 from land partitioned from Nelson County. Hardin was the 15th Kentucky county in order of formation.
The county is named for Col. John Hardin, a Continental Army officer during the American Revolution and a brother of the Capt. William Hardin who founded Hardinsburg.
Courthouse fires destroyed county records in 1864 and again in 1932. The present courthouse dates from 1934.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. It is the fourth-largest county by area in Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Hardin County borders nine counties, more than any other county in Kentucky.
Louisville-Jefferson County (northeast)
Bullitt County (northeast)
Nelson County (east)
LaRue County (southeast)
Hart County (south//CST Border)
Grayson County (southwest/CST Border)
Breckinridge County (west/CST Border)
Meade County (northwest)
Harrison County, Indiana (north)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 105,543 people, 39,853 households, and 28,288 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 43,261 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 80.5% White (77.8% non-Hispanic), 11.6% Black or African American, 0.5% Native American or Alaska Native, 2.0% Asian, 0.2% Pacific Islander, 1.5% from other races, and 3.5% from two or more races. Hispanics or Latinos of any race were 5.0% of the population.
There were 39,853 households, out of which 37.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.3% were married couples living together, 12.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.7% had a male householder with no wife present, and 29.0% were non-families. 24.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.04.
The age distribution was 25.97% under 18, 9.93% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 25.60% from 45 to 64, and 11.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35.0 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.41 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 102.54 males.
Complete economic data from the 2010 Census has not yet been released. According to the 2010 Census, the median income for a household in the county was $43,421, and the median income for a family was $55,151. The per capita income for the county was $23,744. Remaining economic data is from the 2000 Census. At that time, males had a median income of $30,743 versus $22,688 for females. About 8.20% of families and 10.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.50% of those under age 18 and 8.60% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
The economy of Hardin County is largely dominated by the adjacent Fort Knox Military Installation.
The Army Human Resource Center, the largest construction project in the history of Fort Knox, began in November 2007. It is a $185 million, three-story, complex, sitting on . As many as 2,100 new permanent human resources, information technology, and administrative white-collar civilian professionals will be working there.
Officials expect that as many as 12,000 people, including the families of soldiers and civilian workers to relocate to the area as a result of the Fort Knox realignment of 2005.
Approximately $1 billion in new federal and state construction, and infrastructure funds were committed to Fort Knox, and in the surrounding areas by the end of 2011 for Fort Knox realignment of 2005.
Gov. Steve Beshear of Kentucky announced the creation of a task force to help Hardin County, and the surrounding counties prepare for the Fort Knox realignment. The group is "designed to meet specific needs" in areas such as transportation, economic development, education, water and sewer availability, and area wide planning.
Hardin County is classified by the Kentucky Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) as both a moist county and a "limited dry county". Under ABC terminology, a "moist county" is an otherwise dry county in which at least one city has voted to allow sale of alcoholic beverages for off-premises consumption. The word "limited" means that at least one city within the county, or the county as a whole, has voted to allow alcohol sales in qualifying restaurants. In the case of Hardin County, Elizabethtown, Radcliff, and Vine Grove all voted to allow off-premises sales in October 2011. West Point has voted to allow sale of alcohol by the drink in restaurants that seat at least 50 and derive at least 70% of their revenue from food (including non-alcoholic beverages).
Government
The formal government structure of Hardin County consists of a Fiscal Court along with six incorporated cities. Elizabethtown is the county seat. In 2010, the Hardin County Government, led by Hardin County Judge/Executive Harry Berry, commissioned a study entitled, "Hardin County Vision Project," in part to explore the benefits of consolidated government in the county. The growth of the area and the changes expected due to the realignment of Fort Knox led to the study. Hardin County United, a volunteer-led organization, was established to consider the findings of this project and develop recommendations for the future of government in the county.
Law enforcement and property tax collection are provided by the Hardin County Sheriff's Office.
Education
K-12
Two public school districts operate in the county.
The Hardin County Schools, headquartered in a portion of Radcliff that has an Elizabethtown mailing address, serve K–12 students in most of the county, with the exception of (most of) Elizabethtown and Fort Knox. The district operates 13 elementary schools, five middle schools, and three high schools, plus one alternative school for middle and high school grades. In July 2020, the former West Point Independent School District, which operated a single K–8 school serving the West Point area (cut off from the rest of the county by Fort Knox), closed and merged into the Hardin County district after long-term declines in enrollment.
The Elizabethtown Independent Schools serve students in most of the city of Elizabethtown; however, some areas are instead served by the Hardin County district. The district operates three elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school. Before the closure of the West Point district, that area's high school students attended Elizabethtown High under a contract between the two districts. West Point students that had attended Elizabethtown High under that contract may complete their high school education there; the last such students are expected to graduate in 2023.
Fort Knox however is assigned to the Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA), which, through its Domestic Dependent Elementary and Secondary Schools subagency, operates four schools on the Fort Knox base for military dependents. DDESS has one elementary school (grades K-5), one intermediate school (1–5), one middle school (6–8), and one high school (9–12) on base. After the Army inactivated a combat brigade, resulting in the relocation of 3,500 soldiers and their families from the base, DoDEA closed four other schools—three elementary schools and one intermediate school—at the end of the 2013–14 school year. At that time, DoDEA also restructured the grades at all of the remaining schools except the high school. A new $16-million Fort Knox High School, a two-story, state-of-the-art facility that united the existing vocational school with the current gymnasium, creating a connected campus was completed in 2008, with dedication on August 7, 2008. The remaining parts of the old high school were then demolished.
Five private schools also operate in the county, St. James Catholic School (Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville), Gloria Dei Lutheran School (LCMS), Elizabethtown Christian Academy, North Hardin Christian School, and Hardin Christian Academy.
Postsecondary education
Elizabethtown is home to Elizabethtown Community and Technical College, a member of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System.
Elizabethtown Community and Technical College -- Home Page
Communities
Cities
Elizabethtown (county seat)
Muldraugh (partly in Meade County)
Radcliff
Sonora
Upton (partly in LaRue County)
Vine Grove
West Point
Census-designated places
Cecilia
Fort Knox, a military base (partly in Meade County and Bullitt County, although all of the base housing is in Hardin County)
Rineyville
Unincorporated communities
Big Spring
Blue Ball
Colesburg
Dever Hollow
Eastview
Glendale
Harcourt
Howell Spring
Hardin Springs
Howe Valley
Mill Creek
New Fruit
Nolin
Old Stephensburg
Quaker Valley
Red Mills
St. John
Star Mills
Stephensburg
Summitt
Tip Top
Tunnel Hill
Vertrees
White Mills
Youngers Creek
See also
Louisville/Jefferson County–Elizabethtown–Bardstown, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hardin County, Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Elizabethtown metropolitan area
1792 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1792
Jack Cahalane (born 2002) is an Irish Gaelic footballer and hurler who plays for club sides St Finbarr's and Castlehaven and at senior level with the Cork county football team. They usually line out as a forward.
Career
Cahalane played as a dual player at school level with Coláiste an Spioraid Naoimh, while also lining out at juvenile and underage levels with the St. Finbarr's and Castlehaven clubs. They made their senior debut in both codes in 2020. Cahalane first played at inter-county level with Cork as a dual minor in 2018 and ended their time in this grade with an All-Ireland MFC title. They later won consecutive All-Ireland U20C titles with the Cork under-20 hurling team. Cahalane was added to the Cork senior football team for the 2022 McGrath Cup.
Personal life
Their father, Niall Cahalane, and their uncle, John Cleary, won All-Ireland SFC medals as members of the Cork senior football team in 1989 and 1990. Cahalane's aunt, Nollaig Cleary, won nine All-Ireland medals with Cork. Their brothers, Conor and Damien Cahalane, have also played for Cork.
Career statistics
Honours
Cork
All-Ireland Under-20 Hurling Championship: 2020, 2021
Munster Under-20 Hurling Championship: 2020, 2021
Munster Under-20 Football Championship: 2021
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship: 2019
References
2002 births
Living people
St Finbarr's hurlers
Castlehaven Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county hurlers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Dual players
Abdopus capricornicus is a species of octopus in the family Octopodidae, native to the Great Barrier Reef. Individuals are capable of autotomy, sacrificing a writhing arm to a predator to distract it while making an escape.
References
Octopodidae
Molluscs of the Pacific Ocean
Cephalopods of Australia
Molluscs described in 2001
Fort Friedrichsburg or Feste Friedrichsburg was a fort in Königsberg, Germany. The only remnant of the former fort is the Friedrichsburg Gate (, ) in Kaliningrad, Russia.
History
Construction of the fort began in 1657 during the Second Northern War by the order of Frederick William of Brandenburg-Prussia. The fort was built in place of a tollhouse on the southern shore of the Pregel River at the western edge of Königsberg. It was included within the new ring of Königsberg fortifications constructed from 1626 to 1634. Districts neighboring the fort were Vorstadt to the east, Nasser Garten to the southwest outside of the city walls, and Lastadie to the north across the river. Construction of the fort was resented by the constituent towns of Königsberg, especially Kneiphof.
Friedrichsburg was designed by Christian Otter, court mathematician and Albertina professor. Friedrichsburg's position allowed its cannons to defend the city from the west, monitor incoming traffic from the Frisches Haff, and suppress civil uprising. The fort originally consisted of earthwork, bricks, and ditches. The square-shaped structure included four bastions, nicknamed Smaragd, Perle, Rubin, and Diamant.
Initially only the northeastern bastion contained a cavalier and ravelin. Later additions included ravelins along the western and southern fronts, a cavalier along the southwestern bastion, and a covered way along the counterscarp . These additions were possibly completed during the occupation of Königsberg by the Imperial Russian Army in the Seven Years' War (1758–62). The additions were not visible on Valerianus Müller's plan from 1815.
The interior of the fort contained a command building, lodging, supplies, and prisons. It had a small permanent garrison of about 150 men, but could host a stronger force if need be. A small church, constructed in 1671, served as the garrison church until 1816. An armory was completed in 1796, but dismantled in 1892.
Peter I of Russia studied the fort in 1697 while touring Europe. The fort was used as a state and military prison until 1825; Ludwig Yorck von Wartenburg was imprisoned there for insubordination from 1780 to 1781. The Friedrichsburg Gate was completed during the reign of King Frederick William IV of Prussia. The fort was remodeled in 1852 during the reign of King Frederick William IV of Prussia, with construction of the stately Friedrichsburg Gate, new walls, and expansion of the citadel with four round towers. By the end of the 19th century, however, the fort was used only for military storage.
To allow construction of new tracks for Königsberg's goods station, Friedrichsburg was sold to the Prussian Eastern Railway on 23 August 1910 and subsequently dismantled. Segelclub RHE moved from Friedrichsburg to Contienen in 1914.
The site was used for storage and automobile exhibitions after the change of German Königsberg to Russian Kaliningrad resulting from World War II. It is being restored during the 2010s and is part of the Museum of the World's Oceans.
Notes
References
1657 establishments in Europe
1910 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures demolished in 1910
Buildings and structures in Kaliningrad
Former buildings and structures in Königsberg
Friedrichsburg
Friedrichsburg
Gates in Russia
Tourist attractions in Kaliningrad Oblast
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Kaliningrad Oblast
The Pontifical Council for the Laity was a pontifical council of the Roman Catholic Curia from 1967 to 2016. It had the responsibility of assisting the Pope in their dealings with the laity in lay ecclesial movements or individually, and their contributions to the Church. Its last Cardinal President from 4 October 2003 to 31 August 2016 was Cardinal Stanisław Ryłko. Its undersecretary from 1967 to 1976 was Professor Rosemary Goldie, the first woman to be the Undersecretary of a Pontifical Council and the highest-ranking woman in the Roman Curia at the time. Another layperson, Professor Guzmán Carriquiry Lecour, was undersecretary from 1991 to 2011.
The Pontifical Council for the Laity had its foundation in Vatican II's Apostolicam Actuositatem. The council was created in January 1967 by Pope Paul VI's motu proprio Catholicam Christi Ecclesiam. In December 1976, the council was included as a permanent fixture of the Roman Curia. In September 2016, its functions were shifted to the new Dicastery for the Laity, Family and Life.
Presidents of the Pontifical Council for the Laity
Cardinal Maurice Roy (6 Jan 1967 – 16 Dec 1976)
Cardinal Opilio Rossi (10 Dec 1976 – 8 Apr 1984)
Cardinal Eduardo Francisco Pironio (8 Apr 1984 – 20 Aug 1996)
Cardinal James Stafford (20 Aug 1996 – 4 Oct 2003)
Cardinal Stanisław Ryłko (4 Oct 2003 – 1 Sept 2016)
References
External links
Official Website
Roman Curia description
Catholic lay organisations
Laity
Christian organizations established in 1967
Organizations disestablished in 2016
1967 establishments in Italy
2016 disestablishments in Italy
Catholic organizations established in the 20th century
Former departments of the Roman Curia
Crescent Bend is a historic home at 2728 Kingston Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee. The building is known as Crescent Bend because of its location on a bend of the Tennessee River. It is also known as the Armstrong-Lockett House, Longview and Logueval.
Crescent Bend was built in 1834 by Drury Paine Armstrong (1799–1856), a farmer, merchant and public official who estimated that the house had cost them $5,517. The house was once the centerpiece of a farm. This is one of three early homes built by the Armstrong family on Kingston Pike, the others being Bleak House, built by Drury's son, Robert H. Armstrong, and Westwood, built by Drury's granddaughter, Adelia Armstrong Lutz (1859–1931). It was later purchased by Percy Lockett. It was also Confederate General Joseph B. Kershaw's headquarters during the Siege of Knoxville.
It is a contributing property to the Kingston Pike Historic District, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The home is a traditional brick farmhouse. The home's contents include 18th-century English and American furniture, decorative arts and silver. The property includes formal Italian gardens with nine terraces and five fountains. The house and gardens are open to the public.
References
Isenhour, Judith Clayton. Knoxville - A Pictorial History. (Donning, 1978), pages 186–187.
Knoxville: Fifty Landmarks. (Knoxville: The Knoxville Heritage Committee of the Junior League of Knoxville, 1976), page 18.
External links
City of Knoxville, includes visiting information for Crescent Bend
Listing on National Register of Historic Places
Knoxville Civil War Roundtable - Civil War sites including Crescent Bend
Houses in Knoxville, Tennessee
Historic house museums in Tennessee
Museums in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses completed in 1834
Colonial Revival architecture in Tennessee
Historic district contributing properties in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
BluePearl Specialty and Emergency Pet Hospital is a company owned by Mars, Incorporated that operates specialty and emergency veterinary hospitals throughout the United States. They currently have hospitals in 29 states, as of early 2022. The firm is one of the largest private providers of approved veterinary residency and internship educational programs in the world, and employs 1,330+ veterinarians, 1,600+ veterinary technicians, and 4,100+ other professionals.
History
The firm was founded as Florida Veterinary Specialists in 1996 by two brothers, Dr. Neil Shaw, a board-certified specialist in veterinary internal medicine, and Darryl Shaw, a certified public accountant. In 2008, it merged with NYC Veterinary Specialists and Cancer Treatment Center in New York City and Veterinary Specialty and Emergency Center in Kansas City, creating BluePearl Specialty and Emergency Pet Hospital. In 2010, Georgia Veterinary Specialists and Michigan Veterinary Specialists also merged with the firm.
In October 2015, BluePearl Specialty and Emergency Pet Hospital was acquired by Mars Petcare division. This acquisition resulted in Mars Petcare, who also owns Banfield Pet hospital and pet food brands such as Royal Canin and Pedigree, becoming the largest pet nutrition and veterinary care provider in the world.
Significant events
In February 2010, Dr. Michael Kimura, a specialist in veterinary neurology with BluePearl, assisted in giving a live shark from the Florida Aquarium an MRI after the shark had failed to eat anything and it seemed like there was a foreign object lodged in the shark's esophagus. This is one of the first times a live shark had ever been given an MRI under anesthesia.
In March 2013, the firm's Dr. Amy Zalcman, in Manhattan, oversaw the removal of 111 pennies from a Jack Russell Terrier named Jack. using the non-invasive Endoscopic foreign body retrieval, to remove the pennies one-by-one.
On May 22, 2013,the firm's Dr. Mike Reems removed a 4-pound hairball from a tiger in Clearwater, Fla. The hairball was given to Ripley's Believe it or Not.
On October 21, 2013, doctors from the firm saved the life of Eddie, a 5-year-old Belgian Shepherd Dog (Malinois) assigned to the U.S. Air Force's 6th Security Forces Squadron at MacDill Air Force Base when they presented at BluePearl Veterinary Partners in Tampa, Fla. with signs related to heatstroke. The dog, an Air Force K-9 trained to detect improvised explosive devices, is credited with saving the lives of several service members in Afghanistan when they detected an IED.
Partnerships
In 2011, the firm partnered with the U.S. Army to provide Army veterinarians and technicians preparing to deploy to areas of conflict with hands-on emergency veterinary experiences at the firm's hospitals. The program is a nine-day schedule where the soldiers experience first-hand medical veterinary emergencies.
Awards and recognition
In 2009, Dr. Neil Shaw was featured in People Magazine as a hometown hero in the issue titled, "Hero in Hard Times."
In 2010, Darryl Shaw, CEO and Neil Shaw, Chief Medical Officer, received the Ernst & Young Florida Entrepreneur of the Year Award for the services category.
In August 2012, BluePearl Veterinary Partners was 1,695 on the 2012 Inc. 5000, a list of the 5,000 fastest growing businesses in the U.S. according to Inc. (magazine). BluePearl was also recognized as the 16th fastest growing company in Tampa for 2012 by Inc. (magazine).
In December 2012, BluePearl Veterinary Partners was ranked #36 out of the top 100 job creators in the U.S. according to Inc. Magazine's Hire Power Awards.
References
External links
BluePearl's home web page
American companies established in 2008
Companies based in Tampa, Florida
Privately held companies based in Florida
Veterinary medicine companies
Health care companies established in 2008
Veterinary medicine in the United States
"Think About It" is a song by British record producer Naughty Boy, featuring vocals from American rapper Wiz Khalifa and English singer Ella Eyre. It was released on 17 November 2013 as the fourth single from Naughty Boy's debut album, Hotel Cabana. The song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 80 and climbed to number 78 on the second week. It premiered on MistaJam's BBC Radio 1Xtra show on 14 August 2013. A remix by Wilkinson was given the title of Zane Lowe's Hottest Record in the World. It is featured in the soundtrack to the 2014 film Vampire Academy. The music video was released on 29 October 2013.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2013 songs
2013 singles
Hip hop songs
Naughty Boy songs
Wiz Khalifa songs
Ella Eyre songs
Song recordings produced by Mojam
Songs written by Mustafa Omer
Songs written by Naughty Boy
Songs written by Wiz Khalifa
Virgin EMI Records singles
Songs written by Andrea Martin (musician)
Sudhir Kumar Padma Raju (born 13 April 1979) is an Indian weightlifter. They won the bronze medal in the Men's 69 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games, with a combined lift of 287 kilograms.
References
Indian male weightlifters
Living people
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for India
Weightlifters at the 2010 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
1979 births
Weightlifters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games competitors for India
Place of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian people
21st-century Indian people
Ilya Silchukov, could also be spelled Ilya Silchukou, (; ; born 1982) is a Belarusian operatic baritone. They debuted their career in Tchaikovsky's Eugene Onegin at the National Opera and Ballet of Belarus in 2005. Ever since their debut they have shared their appearance at several European opera houses. Their academic and vocal achievements had shown their preparedness and the alertness of a true opera singer.
Early life and education
Ilya Silchukov was born and grew up in Minsk, Belarus.
Early career
In 2005 Silchukov debuted their career in Eugene Onegin by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky entering the ensemble of the National Opera and Ballet of Belarus in Minsk. Silchukov's International debut was in 2009 at Parnu International Opera Festival as Athanael in J. Massenett's "Thais" with Veronika Dzhioeva (Russia), Staged by Mai Murdmaa and directed by Erki Pehk.
Professional career
In 2019 Ilya Silchukov performed a duet with Elena Salo at the Opening Ceremony of 2nd 2019 European Games hold in Minsk, Belarus: Among Anna Netrebko, Yusif Eyvazov, Igor Krutoy and Dimash Kudaibergen.
Awards and achievements
In 2015 Silchukov was given a, governed by the Law of the Republic of Belarus, State award – Medal Of Francysk Skaryna for contribution to the development of national culture and art.
In 2015 Silchukov received the International Music Award BelBrand
Roles and productions
Competitions
In 2001 Ilya Silchukov won their first vocal contest by getting 1st Prize of 2nd National S. Maniuszko Vocal Competition in Cherven, Belarus. Following their success Ilya went on to compete at numerous vocal competitions around the world. Among most honored competitions attended are: Belvedere Competition, Klaudia Taev Competition, Muslim Magomaev Competition...
Discography
RACHMANINOV, S.: Troika- Aleko / The Miserly Knight / Francesca da Rimini (rec. La Monnaie, 06/2015; Label: Bel Air Classiques; Catalogue No: BAC133; Barcode: 3760115301337; Physical Release: 08/2016)
Photos
References
External links
Ilya Silchukov at Crescendi Artists
Living people
1982 births
Musicians from Minsk
21st-century Belarusian male singers
Operatic baritones
21st-century male opera singers
Belarusian opera singers
Satghara (), is a town and union council of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
It is located at 30°55'0N 73°31'0E with an altitude of 164 metres (541 feet) and is also the location of the tomb of Baloch folk hero, Mir Chakar Rind. Many of their descendants as well as sub-tribes of Baloch descent predominate in the district.
Etymology
The name Satghara is commonly believed to derive its name from the words saat (or seven) and ghara (or pitchers). Another narrative is that injured soldiers of Alexander the Great (from the ancient town of Stageira in Macedonia) resided there and they named the town Stageira, now corrupted as Satghara.
Mounds of brick debris at Satghara mark the site of an ancient town. Coins found at Satghara suggest that it was inhabited during the time of the Kushan dynasty.
References
Union councils of Okara District
Tremalt Limited was a mining company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands which owned assets in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). It was the vehicle for a highly criticized deal in 2001 in which it bought copper assets at far below their estimated value in return for a private agreement to pay a share of profits to the DRC and Zimbabwe governments. Allegedly some of the payments were made in the form of military equipment. The company made few investments in its assets, several of which the DRC government took back.
In 2006 it was sold for about $60m.
KMC acquisition, 2001
In January 2001 the Kababancola Mining Company (KMC) was established as a copper and cobalt mining partnership for a 25-year term.
Tremalt, initially controlled by John Bredenkamp, held 80% of KMC while Gecamines held 20%
A network of private holding companies and trusts registered in the Isle of Man and the British Virgin Islands concealed the true owners of Tremalt.
KMC gained the rights to mines, facilities and concentrators at Kambove and Kakanda.
KMC made relatively low investment in these properties, continuing to operate the already-functioning Kamoya Mine but not opening the others.
In March 2002 the DRC authorities took back control of the Kambove concentrator from Tremalt following a complaint by the manager of KMC against Gecamines at the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes.
In its 2003-year end report KMC claimed a cumulative loss of over USD$11 million in the first three years.
United Nations investigation, 2002
In October 2002 the United Nations published the Final report of the Panel of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources and Other Forms of Wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The report named Brigadier General Sibusiso Busi Moyo and Air Commodore Mike Tichafa Karakadzai as key players in arranging the KMC deal with Tremalt.
According to the report, Tremalt had paid $400,000 for the rights to exploit six Gecamines concessions that held a total of 2.7 million tons of copper and 325,000 tons of cobalt. These concessions had an estimated value of over $1 billion.
In a private agreement, net profits would be divided 32% to Tremalt, 34% to the DRC government and 34% to the Zimbabwe government. Tremalt undertook to supply military vehicles and cash in lieu of the profit share payments.
Subsequent history
The UK-based NGO Rights and Accountability in Development brought a case against Tremalt alleging illegal resource exploitation. However, the UK National Contact Point for the OECD blocked the case, saying it had been resolved by the United Nations panel. In June 2004 RAID withdrew the case.
John Bredenkamp sold Tremalt for about $60m to the Israeli-American business person Dan Gertler in 2006.
In 2007 Tremalt was owned by Prairie International Ltd, of which Dan Gertler's family trust was a major shareholder.
Tremalt owned 80% of Savannah Mining, which held concessions C17 and C18 in Katanga Province and 50% of the Mukondo project. The other 50% of Mukonda was held by BOSS Mining, which in turn was 80% owned by Central African Mining & Exploration Company (CAMEC).
There were plans to combine the Mukondo assets into a new holding company. Billy Rautenbach, a Zimbabwean who had formed BOSS and now owned a share of CAMEC, would be excluded from ownership in the new company due to the hostile relations that had developed between them and the DRC government.
The MOU to complete the deal was signed between CAMEC and Prairie International in November 2007.
References
Copper mining companies of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cobalt mining companies
Defunct mining companies
Copper mines in Zambia
Corporate scandals
Non-renewable resource companies established in 2001
Non-renewable resource companies disestablished in 2006
2001 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
2006 disestablishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The 1933 Spanish Grand Prix (formally the VIII Gran Premio de España) was a Grand Prix motor race held at Lasarte on 24 September 1933. The race was held over 30 laps of a 17.750 km circuit for a total distance of 532.500 km and was won by Louis Chiron driving an Alfa Romeo.
Classification
Fastest Lap: Tazio Nuvolari, 6m41.2 (159.27 km/h)
References
Spanish Grand Prix
Spanish Grand Prix
Grand Prix
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Boorowa on 30 September 1899 because Kenneth Mackay () resigned to accept an appointment to the Legislative Council.
Dates
Result
Kenneth Mackay () resigned to accept an appointment to the Legislative Council.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Boorowa
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1899 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1890s in New South Wales
Interstate 194 is the designation for two Interstate Highways in the United States, both of which are related to Interstate 94:
Interstate 194 (Michigan), a spur to Battle Creek
Interstate 194 (North Dakota), an unsigned spur to Bismarck
94-1
1
Cannibalism in poultry is the act of one individual of a poultry species consuming all or part of another individual of the same species as food. It commonly occurs in flocks of domestic hens reared for egg production, although it can also occur in domestic turkeys, pheasants and other poultry species. Poultry creates a social order of dominance known as pecking order. When pressure occurs within the flock, pecking can increase in aggression and escalate to cannibalism. Cannibalism can occur as a consequence of feather pecking which has caused denuded areas and bleeding on a bird's skin. Cannibalism can cause large mortality rates within the flock and large decreases in production due to the stress it causes. Vent pecking, sometimes called 'cloacal cannibalism', is considered to be a separate form of cannibalistic pecking as this occurs in well-feathered birds and only the cloaca is targeted. There are several causes that can lead to cannibalism such as: light and overheating, crowd size, nutrition, injury/death, genetics and learned behaviour. Research has been conducted to attempt to understand why poultry engage in this behaviour, as it is not totally understood. There are known methods of control to reduce cannibalism such as crowd size control, beak trimming, light manipulation, perches, selective genetics and eyewear.
Motivational basis
Poultry species which exhibit cannibalism are omnivores. For example, hens in the wild often scratch at the soil to search for seeds, insects and even larger animals such as lizards or young mice, although they are mainly herbivorous in adulthood. Feather pecking is often the initial cause of an injury which then attracts the cannibalistic pecking of other birds – perhaps as re-directed foraging or feeding behaviour. In the close confines of modern farming systems, the increased pecking attention is easily observed by multiple birds which join in the attack, and often the escape attempts of the cannibalised bird attract more pecking attention.
Causes
Poultry in captivity is where most cannibalistic behaviours are observed. Due to this, there are many factors that can cause cannibalism. Some of these factors are outlined below:
Light and overheating
High intensity light with prolonged exposure can lead to cannibalism of poultry in captivity due to the increase of stress and overheating that causes discomfort.
Crowd size
Poultry has a social hierarchy and when crowds are too close together, dominant birds will fight more often to obtain or sustain dominance which can increase risk of cannibalism. The increase crowd size also plays into a few more factors. With a larger crowd there is less space in the pen. This allows for less feeding space which therefore means that dominant birds will take the majority of the food supply leaving less dominant birds susceptible to becoming underweight and easier targets to the dominant birds for cannibalism. An optimal flock size are either large flock of greater than 30 where the group is too large to recognize an established dominant bird and the social hierarchy breaks down, or a small group size where a social order can easily organize itself. Intermediate group sizes cause confusion among the flock and leads to higher aggression of different birds attempting to become the dominant one and therefore leading to increased risk of cannibalism.
Nutrition
A particular diet of low protein but high energy is shown to lead to less aggressive behaviours, but in saying that, a diet lacking the protein methionine is shown to cause aggressive behaviours. Methionine is an essential amino acid. This means the body cannot produce the amino acid and needs an external source to obtain its required amount. Oftentimes in flocks it is the first limiting amino acids. Methionine contains sulfur which is used to grow feathers and this may explain the biological purpose for increased pecking. This pecking behavior then escalates into more extreme forms of cannibalism.
Poultry has a gland called to preen gland that secretes an oily salty tasting substances. When their diets lack salt, the gland produces the oily substances but without the salty taste. The bird then believes it is not getting its requirement from the gland and will peck at other birds preen gland to meet their requirements. When the behaviour of pecking other birds is introduced, it can lead to increased risk of cannibalism.
When feeding, it is important to give enough space and to lay the feed to mimic the environmental conditions and spread the feed so poultry spend time pecking at the food and not each other.
Feather eating is another potential cause to cannibalism. Feather eating a behaviour similar to feather pecking where poultry will peck at other members of the flock to eat their feathers. In a study of F2 cross of hens for aggressive pecking behaviour it was seen that feather eating during a chicks rearing stage of life meant it had a higher likelihood of feather pecking in the laying stage of its life. One reason they believed why feather eating was prevalent is that keratin from feathers was not uses a nutritional source per se, but could enhance the gut microbiome.
Injury or death
Within a pen, if another bird is injured or dead, the sight of this can encourage other pen members to engage in cannibalistic behaviours. This is due to the social order created by poultry, as well as their attraction to blood. Poultry are attracted to the colour red and the sight of blood can cause them to be attracted to the injured bird and peck at it more to increase their rank in the pecking order. Sometimes this even leads to their death.
Prevalence
Cannibalism among layer hen flocks is highly variable; when it is not problematic, mortalities among production systems are generally similar. Published data on the prevalence of cannibalism could be misleading due to the inclusion of vent-pecking by some researchers but not others. Mortalities, due mainly to cannibalism, can be up to 15% in egg-laying flocks housed in aviaries, straw yards, and free-range systems. Because egg-laying strains of chickens can be kept in smaller group sizes in cage systems, cannibalism is reduced, leading to a lowered trend in mortality as compared to non-cage systems. In a study which examined 'skin damage' (most of which would have been caused by pecking) on hens at the end of their productive lives, damage was lowest in hens from free range systems, followed by barns, then furnished cages, and highest in conventional or battery cages.
Methods of control
Beak-trimming
Beak-trimming is the most common method of preventing or reducing injuries by cannibalism. In a three-year study of floor-housed laying hens, death by cannibalism was reported as 7% in beak-trimmed birds but was increased to 18% in non-trimmed birds. This method can be considered cruel as it causes acute and chronic pain to the bird. The beaks of poultry are highly sensitive to pain, touch, heat and pressure. They use their beaks to forage the ground. Trimming their beaks makes them lose their ability to sense the external world and could cause neuromas, which are bundles of severed nerve endings becoming exposed due to beak trimming.
Group size
Increased group sizes in larger cages or floor systems can elevate the risk of cannibalism and feather pecking, probably due to the spread of the behaviour through social learning.
Light manipulations
Lights are sometimes provided in nest-boxes to attract hens to use the nests, but this practice has been correlated with an increased risk of cannibalism.
Perches
Rearing chicks with access to perches by four weeks of age has been associated with increased use of perches, and reduced cannibalism, in adulthood.
Selective breeding and genetics
A sibling-selection programme has genetically selected a low mortality line which shows decreased mortality from cannibalism compared to a control line.
Eyewear
Cannibalism may be reduced by fitting hens with a range of eyewear. Rose-tinted glasses or contact lenses have been used. Opaque spectacles, or blinders, have also been used. For both spectacles and blinders, there are versions held in place by circlips in the nares of the bird, or others in which a pin pierces the nasal septum. The piercing method is illegal in the UK. It is theorized that — as with placing red filters over windows, or keeping the birds in red light — the coloured lenses prevent the birds from recognising the blood or raw flesh of other hens, thereby diminishing cannibalistic behaviour.
Nature vs. Nurture
While cannibalism of poultry is a learned behaviour, there is a genetic component that can make the bird be more susceptible to engaging or initiating cannibalism.
Nature
Pecking and other forms of pecking (feather pecking, vent pecking, aggressive pecking) are normal behaviours that have genetic influences One study in the Netherlands tested if a specific farming style had an effect on cannibalism. During the study they estimated the heredity of feather pecking to be as high as 0.56 Another study found that brown-egg laying hens are more likely to engage in feather pecking then white-egg laying hens. The genetics of poultry will not guarantee a bird will engage in cannibalism, but the genes a bird possesses play a part in the degree of aggressiveness a bird could engage in feather pecking and increases their risk engaging in cannibalism.
Certain genetic technologies such as linkage analysis could identify genes related to feather pecking and could be screened against to select birds that are less likely to engage in pecking. However, one study found a correlation between feather pecking and egg production and found that birds that engage in high feather pecking behaviour, had on average had a higher egg production. Therefore, selecting against feather pecking could reduce egg production. Farmers would have to choose between a trade off of either possibly having higher egg production with a high potential of flock death due to cannibalism, versus lower egg production with a lower risk of death due to cannibalism.
Nurture
As mentioned before, pecking and feather pecking are normal behaviours, but cannibalism can be learned. Feather eating is also a normal behaviour that can lead the bird into engaging in feather pecking. As a chick during rearing engages in feather eating, there are more likely to engage in feather pecking during the "laying' stage of their lives. Furthermore, if a member of the flock has been feather pecked on, they will stay in this category as the damage to the feathers are a physical indicator to others that that bird is being targeted. One study found that fear could increase feather pecking and primary cannibals can influence secondary cannibals by initiating cannibalism by becoming more aggressive in pecking. Cannibalism within a flock is seen as a chain reaction where if one member of the flock begins, if left unattended, will cause others around it to learn the behaviour and engage in cannibalism. The social order of a flock will also play into the risk of cannibalism. This can be seen if a primary cannibal is a higher ranked bird in the flock, it could influence more secondary cannibals and spread this behaviour more rapidly.
Genotype-environmental interaction
While genetics and learned experience can influence behaviour, ultimately it is an interaction of the two that gives the expressed behaviour. The Netherland study found the flocks of the same breed had different outcomes of whether cannibalism developed or not depending on the management control of the different farms the flocks grew up in. While the genetics of these flocks were similar, the environmental factors ultimately influence the introduction of cannibalism in the flocks. In some flocks 36.4% of the deaths due to cannibalism was observed. To minimize cannibalism in domesticated poultry different approaches such as ecology, environmental physiology, epidemiology, molecular genetics and ethology. But the approach with the most success was the molecular genetic with behavioural research and could lead to the decline of server practices to reduce cannibalism such as beak trimming.
See also
Animal cannibalism
Abnormal behaviour of birds in captivity
Battery cages
Chicken
Feather pecking
Furnished cages
Poultry farming
Savaging
Toe pecking
Vent pecking
References
Abnormal behaviour in animals
Poultry
Animal rights
Animal welfare
Bird health
Ethology
Poultry farming
Neyak () may refer to:
Neyak, Mazandaran
Neyak, South Khorasan
Neyak, Tehran
See also
Nayak (disambiguation)
WVLE (99.3 FM, "99.3 Love FM") is a radio station licensed to serve Scottsville, Kentucky. The station is owned by Skytower Communications Group, LLC. It airs a soft adult contemporary music format.
The station was assigned these call letters by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on April 28, 1986.
Programming
In addition to its usual soft AC music playlist, WVLE also broadcasts football and boys' and girls' basketball games involving the athletic programs of Allen County-Scottsville High School.
The audio of WVLE is also heard on North Central Telephone Cooperative cable channel 6.
Translators
References
External links
WVLE official website
VLE
Soft adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1967
1967 establishments in Kentucky
The Pitt Clarke House is a historic house located in Norton, Massachusetts.
Description and history
The -story, Georgian style, wood-framed house was built in 1797 for the Reverend Pitt Clarke, who served as the town's minister for 42 years. The house's main facade is symmetrically arranged, five bays wide, with a center entry that has pilasters supporting a gabled pediment, and a fanlight above the door. The interior has well-preserved woodwork and original fireplaces.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 13, 1976.
Clarke family
Pitt Clarke, who was born in 1763 and died in 1834, was the father of Edward H. Clarke of Harvard Medical School. They were the older brother of Major Jacob Clarke and would frequently preach in the First Church and Parish in Dedham.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1797
Georgian architecture in Massachusetts
"One Margarita" is a song recorded by American country music singer Luke Bryan. It is the third single from their seventh studio album Born Here Live Die Here. Bryan's bandleader Michael Carter wrote the song with Josh Thompson and Matt Dragstrem.
The song peaked at number 19 on the US Billboard Hot 100, making it Bryan's first Top 20 in the United States since their 2014 hit "Play It Again", which peaked at number 14.
Content and history
Wendy Hermanson of the blog Taste of Country wrote of the song that it is a "light, sparkling, feel-good number dedicated to a bit of old-fashioned hedonism that has Bryan counting 'One margarita, two margaritas, three margaritas, we'll be gone,' and name-dropping Bob Marley, Jimmy Buffett, and Kenny Chesney. A mariachi band helps the vibe along, and everyone has plenty of smiles to spare. Jon Freeman of Rolling Stone Country wrote that the song has an "equally buoyant melody and groove that's punctuated by mandolin and peals of Hammond organ. Bryan, who's no stranger to a party song, looks at the bigger picture of vacation as escape from the stress and anxiety of everyday existence." Bryan's bandleader, Michael Carter, wrote the song with Josh Thompson and Matt Dragstrem. The song was officially released to radio on April 13, 2020. It is the album's third single, following "Knockin' Boots" and "What They Want Tonight".
Critical reception
"One Margarita" was included on a list of the worst songs of 2020 published by Variety; the song was described as an "[ode] to alcohol abuse" and the "wrong song at the wrong time" in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Music video
The song's music video was directed by Michael Monaco. It features Bryan "cavorting on the beach". Bryan's wife, Caroline, and mother, LeClaire, make guest appearances, as do Caylee Hammack and members of Old Dominion. Bryan filmed the video during Crash My Playa, an annual beach party they hold in Mexico, in January 2020 prior to the song's release.
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Luke Bryan songs
Songs about alcohol
Songs written by Michael Carter (musician)
Songs written by Josh Thompson (singer)
Songs written by Matt Dragstrem
Cebu City National Science High School, commonly known as Sci-Hi or Science High, is one of the pioneering science schools in Cebu City, Philippines.
History
Cebu City National Science High School, commonly known as Sci-Hi is a Secondary Science public High School system located in Salvador St. Labangon, Cebu City, Philippines. It was founded on July 17, 1970, and nationalized in the 1974–1975 school year.
The Cebu City National Science High School, which had been known as Cebu City Science High School, was established on July 17, 1970, as the brainchild of Dr. Aurelio A. Tiro, the then Cebu City Schools Division Superintendent. The school's overall concept was patterned after the objectives of the Philippine Science High School and in line with the Government's Science and Technological Education and Manpower Development Program.
On April 28, 1970, Resolution No. 81 of the Cebu City School Board was passed by the Hon. City Councilor Raymundo Crystal, who was then Chairman of the Committee on Education, and requested the Cebu City Council to initiate the funding of a Cebu City Science High School with an appropriation of P50,000. Then it was followed with Resolution No. 772 of the Cebu City Council on May 7, 1970, appropriating the requested amount for the establishment of the school during the incumbency of Honorable Mayor Eulogio Borres. The school was nationalized under Presidential Decree 105 in SY 1974–1975.
Cebu City Science High School was established in Barangay Labangon in its present site, which is a property donated by Don Sergio Osmeña, Sr. to the City Government. The first building of the school was a modified 3-unit steel pre-fab Marcos-type school building. The school drew a development plan, and the founding principal, Mrs. Rosalina R. Kintanar, sought direct financial aid from the Office of the President in order to construct a two-storey Academic Library (AL) Building. The Science Building (SB) that was reconstructed from the pre-fab Marcos-type original, the ESEP Building, and the School Gymnasium were added during the administration of Mrs. Nicanora P. Creus. Succeeding principals also had their share in the development of school buildings and facilities.
With their ingenuity and brilliance, the founding principal, Mrs. Rosalina R. Kintanar pioneered in gathering 64 intelligent students and 5 competent teachers who started with what is now the Cebu City National Science High School.
The founding principal was succeeded by equally competent administrators in the persons of Mr. Tereso M. Edo, who was appointed in April 1982, Mrs. Nicanora P. Creus in October 1985, Mrs. Pilar A. Tesaluna in February 1999, Mrs. Severina B. Chin as OIC from May 2001-July 2001, Mr. Jesus G. Ortiz in August 2001 and presently Mrs. Severina B. Chin as OIC from June 2002-October 2002 and finally re-appointed on November 15, 2002. In June 2012 Mrs. Marites V. Patiño was appointed as the Principal. Currently, the school is being headed by Dr. Evelyn R. Pielago which assumed office in June 2017.
Admission
To better prepare each student for the tasks, activities and responsibilities that lie ahead, each student must pass both written (conducted on the third Saturday of February) and oral (conducted on the second Saturday of March) entrance examinations.
All applicants must be part of the upper 10% of their graduating class and must have at least a grade of 85% in Science, Math, and English and 83% or above in all other subject areas in any grading period or the equivalent grade as to the grading system used by a school as duly certified by its principal. Pupils graduating from Science Elementary classes are required with a grade of at least 83% in Science, Math, and English and 80% in all other subject areas.
The examination is in Science, Math and Mental Ability with which the examinee must get 83% and 80% of the total score in Science and Math, respectively, and at least an above average IQ. Hence, all successful examinees qualify for an interview that tackles all subject areas. The screening committee determines the top 175 students (formerly 140) who have to confirm for enrollment. Finally, all 175 enrollees should attend the school's orientation program as scheduled together with their parents or guardian.
Gallery
References
http://www.everythingcebu.com/cebu-profile-basic-info/schools/cebu-city-national-science-high-school-2/
Schools in Cebu City
Educational institutions established in 1970
High schools in Cebu
Public schools in the Philippines
1970 establishments in the Philippines
Shua , or Shwakhwe, is a Khoe language of Botswana. It is spoken in central Botswana (in Nata and its surroundings), and in parts of the Chobe District in the extreme north of Botswana. There are approximately 6,000 speakers (Cook 2004). The term Shwakhwe means people (khwe) from the salty area (shwa).
Phonology
Consonants
// is only phonemic in the Ts'ixa and Danisi dialects only.
Vowels
Shua has the five vowels , and three nasal vowels .
Syntax
Unlike most Khoisan languages, but like Nama, the most neutral word order is SOV, though word order is relatively free. As with most Khoisan languages, there are postpositions. There is a tense-aspect marker ke which often appears in second position in affirmative sentences in the present tense, giving X Aux S O V order (e.g. S Aux O V).
This marker appears first in certain subordinate clauses in a manner reminiscent of V2 languages such as German, where a clause-initial complementizer is in complementary distribution with a second position phenomenon (in German, it would be the finite verb which appears in second position).
Dialects
Shua is a dialect cluster.
Deti (10 or fewer speakers)
Ganádi
Shwa-khwe
Nǀoo-khwe
Kǀoree-khoe or ǀOree-khwe
ǁʼAiye or ǀAaye
ǀXaise or ǀTaise
Tshidi-khwe or Tcaiti or Sili or Shete Tsere
Danisi or Demisa or Madenasse or Madinnisane
Cara
ǁGoro or ǀXaio
The term Hietshware (Hietʃware, Hietʃo) is used for varieties of both Shua and its sister-language Tshwa.
Tsʼixa (200 speakers) is evidently a distinct language.
References
External links
Shua basic lexicon at the Global Lexicostatistical Database
Khoe languages
Languages of Botswana
Tubinsky () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Tubinsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 1,228 as of 2010. There are 15 streets.
Geography
Tubinsky is located 43 km north of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mullakayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
The United States Army Financial Management School is located in Fort Jackson, South Carolina, and has the mission of providing the United States Army with military and civilian leaders trained in financial management, and develop complementary concepts, doctrine, and organization for financial management in support of America's Armed Forces. Students take classes and train in subjects such as advanced accounting and analysis, accounts payable and disbursing operations, and auditing. While training in financial management at Fort Jackson, soldiers must still participate in physical training and testing.
History
The Second Continental Congress appointed a Paymaster General of the Army on 16 June 1775, thereby creating a Pay Department consisting of finance soldiers that disbursed pay throughout the Continental Army. The Pay Department became a part of the Quartermaster Corps in 1912. In 1920 the U.S. Army Finance Corps became a separate army branch and at this point it became responsible for more than monthly pay as it took on all auditing and budgeting for the entire War Department.
In 2019, the name of the school was changed from Financial Management to Finance and Controller.
Legislation
US Code Title 10 § 3022. Financial Management establishes:
(a) The Secretary of the Army shall provide that the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Financial Management shall direct and manage financial management activities and operations of the Department of the Army, including ensuring that financial management systems of the Department of the Army comply with subsection (b). The authority of the Assistant Secretary for such direction and management shall include the authority to—
(1) supervise and direct the preparation of budget estimates of the Department of the Army and otherwise carry out, with respect to the Department of the Army, the functions specified for the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) in section 135 (c) of this title;
(2) approve and supervise any project to design or enhance a financial management system for the Department of the Army; and
(3) approve the establishment and supervise the operation of any asset management system of the Department of the Army, including—
(A) systems for cash management, credit management, and debt collection; and
(B) systems for the accounting for the quantity, location, and cost of property and inventory.
References
United States Army schools
Financial management organizations
USAV SSGT Robert T. Kuroda (LSV-7) is a General Frank S. Besson Jr.-class roll-on/roll-off of US Army.
Design
Named in honor of Gen. Frank S. Besson Jr., former Chief of Transportation, U.S. Army, these ships have bow and stern ramps and the ability to beach themselves, giving them the ability to discharge 900 short tons of vehicles and cargo over the shore in as little as four feet of water, or 2,000 short tons as an intra-theater line haul roll-on/roll-off cargo ship. The vessel's cargo deck is designed to handle any vehicle in the US Army inventory and can carry up to 15 M1 Abrams main battle tanks or 82 ISO standard containers.
Construction and career
They were acquired by the US Army on 30 September 1994 and commissioned in 1994 into the 548th Transportation Detachment, United States Army Reserve.
References
External links
Navsource – Photo Gallery
Frank S Besson Class LSV Logistic Support Vessel
LSVs at globalsecurity.org
Photo gallery: Family tour aboard the LSV-7 Kuroda | The Honolulu Advertiser
LSV-8 USAV MG Roberts Smalls – a set on Flickr
Army Commissions Vessel Named after African-American Civil War Hero, S.C. Statesman
Robert Smalls Official Website
Ships built in the United States
2005 ships
General Frank S. Besson-class support vessels
NRL refers to the National Rugby League, the top professional league of Australasian rugby league football clubs.
NRL may also refer to:
Sports leagues
National Ringette League, a Canadian ringette league
National Rookie League, an American basketball minor league, 2000–2002
National Rugby League USA, a proposed professional rugby league competition
Newcastle Rugby League, an Australian rugby league competition
NRL Racing Development Cycling Team, a California bike racing team
Science and technology
NRL (gene), a human gene that encodes the neural retina-specific leucine zipper protein
Namespace Routing Language, a mapping from namespace URIs to schema URIs
Nucleosome Repeat Length, the average distance between the centers of neighboring nucleosomes
United States Naval Research Laboratory, a corporate research laboratory in Washington, D.C.
Other uses
National Rafidain List, used by the Assyrian Democratic Movement during the Iraqi elections
North Ronaldsay Airport, Orkney Islands, United Kingdom (IATA code)
See also
NRL Rugby League (series), a 2003 video game franchise
808 State are an English electronic music group formed in 1987 in Manchester, taking their name from the Roland TR-808 drum machine. They were formed by Graham Massey, Martin Price and Gerald Simpson. They released their debut album, Newbuild, in September 1988 and secured commercial success in 1989, when their song "Pacific State" was picked up by BBC Radio 1 DJ Gary Davies.
The group's early work was a prominent influence on the UK's burgeoning acid house scene. AllMusic called them "one of the most important dance music acts of all time," and noted their influence on subsequent techno, IDM, and alternative dance artists.
History
Martin Price was the owner of Manchester's influential Eastern Bloc Records and was also the founder of the independent record label, Creed. Customers Graham Massey and Gerald Simpson joined with Price to form a hip hop group called Hit Squad Manchester. The group shifted to an acid house sound and recorded their debut Newbuild in 1988, while using the name 808 State for the first time.
Newbuild was released on Price's own record label. In an interview with Mojo magazine in 2005, Graham Massey explained that the album was recorded over the course of a winter weekend in January 1988 at Spirit Studios, Manchester. The album was named after a Bolton housing co-operative. The record was re-released in 2005 on Aphex Twin's Rephlex Records. Aphex Twin was a huge fan of the record: "It was the next step after Chicago acid, and as much as I loved that, I could relate much better to 808 State. It seemed colder and more human at the same time."
Around the same time, the band also recorded an acid house version of New Order's "Blue Monday". A favourite at The Haçienda's Hot Night, the recording was believed lost until Autechre's Sean Booth asked Massey to dig through their archive of old material. The record was released in 2004 by Rephlex Records. "We didn't put a lot of thought into it but maybe that's its charm," said Massey at the time.
Massey was also a member of the band Aqua in the early 1990s, along with the violinist Graham Clark, a former pupil of Manchester Grammar School.
The band's song "Pacific State" was released as a single, peaking at number 10 in the UK Singles Chart. Simpson left the group in 1989 to form their own solo project, A Guy Called Gerald. At this point, the remaining personnel enlisted DJs Andrew Barker and Darren Partington, known as the Spinmasters, and recorded the EP, Quadrastate in July 1989. The group signed to ZTT records, and Ninety was released in December 1989.
MC Tunes worked with the band on the 1990 album, The North at Its Heights. The album was a moderate success, reaching number 26 in the UK Albums Chart, and also saw a European and Japanese release. It spawned three UK singles, "The Only Rhyme That Bites" – featuring a sample of "The Big Country" performed by The City of Prague Philharmonic – (UK number 10), "Tunes Splits the Atom" (UK number 18) and "Primary Rhyming" (UK number 67). The first two issues credited MC Tunes versus 808 State, whilst the latter was simply MC Tunes. Tunes later returned in 1996 to work on a new track, "Pump", taken from 808 States album Thermo Kings.
808 State's next album was released in 1991, Ex:el, which featured the vocals of Bernard Sumner and Björk. The songs included "In Yer Face" (UK #9), "Cubik" (UK #10) and "Lift" (UK #38).
In October 1991, Price left the group to perform solo production work, eventually forming their own label, Sun Text. The remaining members released a fourth album called Gorgeous, and after that, did some remix work for David Bowie, Soundgarden, and other performers, before returning with the album entitled Don Solaris in 1996. It featured contributions from James Dean Bradfield, who sang vocals on "Lopez", which reached number 20 in the UK Singles Chart. This song was remixed by Brian Eno. In 1997, they had remixed the Mansun track "Skin Up, Pin Up" for the Spawn soundtrack. The song "Bond" featured vocals by Mike Doughty from the band Soul Coughing and "Azura" featured Lou Rhodes from Lamb. They released the greatest hits compilation album, 808:88:98 in 1998. In 2000, Newbuild was re-released.
Some of the band's work, particularly in the albums Ex:el and Gorgeous show their new wave influences by sampling or featuring new wave icons such as Bernard Sumner on the song "Spanish Heart" and Ian McCulloch on "Moses". The song "Contrique" samples the bassline to Joy Division's "She's Lost Control" and "10 X 10" is a gospel-house track built on the foundation of The Jam's "Start!".
In 2003, they released Outpost Transmission which featured guest collaborations from Alabama 3 and Guy Garvey from Elbow.
In May 2008, the re-issue of the album Quadrastate completed a trilogy of pre-ZTT releases on CD for the first time.
Partington left the band after being jailed for 18 months in January 2015 for dealing heroin and crack cocaine.
Barker died on 6 November 2021, leaving Massey as the sole remaining member of the group.
Musical style
808 State's style has been labeled as techno and house, and the band are regarded as "a pioneer of the acid house sound". The band's album, Newbuild, was influential in the development of the Madchester and baggy scenes.
Pseudonyms and side projects
Partington and Barker presented the 808 State Radio Show, first on Sunset 102 from 1989 to 1993, and later on Kiss 102 from 1994 to 1997. In 2012 they reinvented the program as the 808 State Webio Show for a number of months on Mike Joyce's internet based BeatWolf Radio. In 1990, 808 State composed the theme tune to the Channel 4 television programme, The Word.
808 State and its various members have recorded under a variety of pseudonyms. An early EP, containing the tracks "Massage-a-Rama" and "Sex Mechanic", was released under the name Lounge Jays. These tracks have since been re-released by Rephlex Records on to Prebuild LP. Another early EP, Wax on the Melt, was released under the name Hit Squad Mcr. This is the only release on which all five members of the group (Massey, Price, Simpson, Barker, and Partington) contributed simultaneously.
Massey released the solo album Subtracks under the name Massonix on Skam Records. They were a member of Biting Tongues, an experimental jazz rock group once signed to Factory Records. They also created the big band project called Massey's Toolshed Allstars (eventually shortened to Toolshed). Under the pseudonym Professor Vernon World, Massey as drummer/producer with the ladies combo organ quartet The Sisters of Transistors released an album, and is also a member of Sun Ra homage The Part-Time Heliocentric Cosmo Drama After School Club.
Price released a couple of EPs under the name Switzerland. They also managed the band Kaliphz (later known as Kaleef) who had a hit with a hip-hop cover version of The Stranglers "Golden Brown". Barker has produced a small number of tracks under the names Atlas and Benaco. Partington has recorded under the name Jeep.
Band members
Graham Massey (born 4 August 1960, Manchester) — keyboards, programming, guitars, saxophone (1988–present)
Former members
Gerald Simpson (born 16 February 1967) — keyboards (1988–1989)
Martin Price (born 26 March 1955, Farnworth) — keyboards (1988–1991)
Darren Partington (born 1 November 1969, Manchester) — keyboards, congas, electronic drums (1989–2015)
Andy Barker (9 March 1968 – 6 November 2021) — keyboards, bass (1989–2021)
Discography
Studio albums
Newbuild (1988)
90 (1989)
ex:el (1991)
Gorgeous (1993)
Don Solaris (1996)
Outpost Transmission (2002)
Transmission Suite (2019)
References
External links
Ian Peel: Warriors of Pop, 21 years of ZTT Record Collector, September 2004 (copy at Zang Tuum Tumb and all that) Article about ZTT's history, and contains information about 808 State
History of the Pacific State https://www.soundonsound.com/people/classic-tracks-808-state-pacific-state
Acid house groups
Alternative dance musical groups
English electronic music groups
English house music groups
Madchester groups
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical groups from Manchester
Remixers
Rephlex Records artists
Tommy Boy Records artists
Warner Records artists
ZTT Records artists
1987 establishments in England
BB U OK? (stylized as bb u ok?) is the second studio album by Dutch musician San Holo, released on 4 June 2021 by Bitbird, Counter Records, and Liquid State.
Production
The album was recorded from September 2019 to January 2020. Similarly to Album1, it was recorded in an Airbnb in Los Angeles, this time in Echo Park. They explained: "I wrote bb u ok? during a new chapter of my life after that relationship ended. I was learning how to deal with what happens 'after love'. I flew to LA and just started writing and writing, trying to express everything I had been feeling for the last few months. The change in scenery definitely helped, going back to LA (like I did for album1) brought back some good memories of that previous chapter." San Holo expected to release the album still in 2020, but that was not possible due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Composition
In an interview, San Holo declared that BB U OK? was their most personal project ever, which is "just me trying to experiment in a more indie direction, keeping the same sonic elements and feelings as a San Holo song." They also declared that, while Album1 was "me being in love", BB U OK? "definitely has an after love vibe. Not to say a bad vibe, but more like an 'Okay, what happens after that relationship and how do you deal with it, how do you move on?' The bittersweetness of that, the beautiful memories yet the sad fact that it didn't work out, for example."
San Holo declared the album is "post-EDM, with influences from indie and post-rock." Dancing Astronaut said "[t]he LP is polished with contemporary musical influences including indie-electronic, ambient, lo-fi, and future-bass. The collection as a whole spotlights San Holo's signature guitar progressions, spectral synth leads, and unfiltered lyricism."
The album's title is "a reminder to ask others how they're feeling". San Holo further clarified that they felt that, even though everyone was connected with social media and phones, "I feel like we're so disconnected in a way".
Release
On 5 November 2020, San Holo announced social media hiatus, "to clear my mind and live in the moment a little more". They also declared: "Let's start a new chapter soon!" 21 days later, they announced the release of the single "BB U OK?" for 1 December, which started "a new chapter" in their career. The song was San Holo's first release on Counter Records.
On 27 January 2021, they teased the "biggest announcement in San Holo history", to occur on 3 February. The announcement was their second studio album, BB U OK?, along with a second single, "Find Your Way". The album was initially set to be released on 21 May via Bitbird, their own independent label, and Counter Records. They then released "It Hurts!" on 10 March, and "Black and White / My Fault" on 14 April. On 6 May, San Holo announced that the album was delayed to 4 June. On 22 May, they released "You've Changed, I've Changed", with Chet Porter. On 24 May, they announced a North American tour to promote the album.
BB U OK? was released on 4 June 2021, with vinyl, cassette tape and CD formats.
Reception
OOR said the album has "great songs" and declared: "BB U OK? perhaps breathes the attic room where Sander van Dijck learned to play the guitar rather than the dance floors where San Holo triumphed. Of course, that could be completely different on the third." de Volkskrant gave the album a 4 out of 5 rating. According to Your EDM Matthew Meadow, "[t]he combination of San's bleeding-heart guitar chords, processed vocals, and delicate synths serenade throughout the album, more pronounced, more nuanced, more meaningful than ever before." Dancing Astronaut said the album "is a graceful journey through the Dutch producer's discerning process of falling in and out of love, as San Holo picks up the pieces through 20 heart-felt tracks, offering a musical expression that breaks down their feelings in the most raw and authentic manner." PopMatters said "almost every track plays out like its own self-contained grief cycle, with sadness turning to anger followed by a beautiful release that is ultimately cathartic."
Track listing
All tracks are engineered and mixed by Sander van Dijck; "The Great Clown Pagliacci" also mixed by Tim Biesta.
Notes
Tracks are stylized in all lowercase, except "It Hurts!", "My Fault", and "Feels Right" which are stylized in all caps, and "Lonely in LA" and "The Great Clown Pagliacci" which are stylized "lonely in LA" and "the great clown Pagliacci" respectively.
Charts
References
2021 albums
San Holo albums
Monascus sanguineus is a fungal species in the family Elaphomycetaceae. It was found during a survey done on water and sediment of river Shatt al-Arab at Basra city, southern Iraq. The research was done by Basil Abbas under supervision of S.K. Abdullah in 1995.
References
External links
Aquatic fungi
Eurotiales
Fungi described in 1995
Fungi of Western Asia
Amherst Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Ticonderoga, in Essex County, New York. The district contains 16 contributing buildings on ten properties; 10 houses and six garages. It includes single-family homes built between 1921 and 1923 by W.A. Gale for the Ticonderoga Pulp and Paper Company as rental properties for company management. Gale also constructed the houses in the Lake George Avenue Historic District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Colonial Revival architecture in New York (state)
Houses in Essex County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
"Losin'" is Yuna Ito's 5th single. This is their second single in their series of hot and cool singles, limited to 70 000 copies. Losin is the Japanese ending theme to Lost Season 2 that airs on AXN.
Overview
Both this single and their previous single, "Stuck on You", were limited to 70,000 copies each. "Stuck on You" was described as "hot" single for the summer while "Losin'" was a "cool" single for the fall. For those who bought both singles, they would receive a special invitation to Yuna Ito's first tour, an invitation-only tour called "Yuna Ito's 1st Invitation".
This song features both English and Japanese lyrics.
Track listing
Losin'
Stay for Love
Losin': Simplicity Mix
Live performances
September 8, 2006 — Music Fighter
September 16, 2006 — CDTV
Charts
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
2006 singles
Yuna Ito songs
Souverain was an Océan type 118-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. They were launched in 1819 and transformed into a steam ship in 1853.
Service history
Launched in 1819, Souverain was not commissioned before 16 April 1840. They then became the flagship of the Second Division of the Mediterranean Squadron, under the Captain Jouglas from 1841, and later under Captain Daguenet from 1842.
In 1842, the squadron patrolled the coast of Italy; a notable alumnus of the cruise was then-Ensign Jean-Bernard Jauréguiberry.
Decommissioned after the cruise, Souverain was reactivated on 1 April 1846 to serve as the flagship of Joinville's escadre d'évolutions, with Captain Charner as flag officer. In July 1847, the squadron sailed to Tripoli on a background of tensions between France, Tripoli and Tunis.
In 1848, Admiral Charles Baudin relieved Joinville as head of the squadron. Baudin set their mark on Friedland, while Souverain, under Captain Le Barbier de Titian, remained as one of the strongest units of the squadron. They served off Italy, before returning to Toulon and being decommissioned on 18 November 1848.
From November 1853, engineer Sylvestre du Perron directed work on Souverain to add a 600-shp steam engine, after plans by Dupuy de Lôme, without lengthening the ship; Souverain started their new trials in June 1857, under Commander de Jouslard. In their new configuration, they still carried 110 guns. In 1862, they were reconfigured as a troopship for the Second French intervention in Mexico, with only 16 30-pounder long guns, under Captain Sévin. Souverain was listed in the reserve between 1863 and November 1866, when they took part in the French retreat from Mexico, under Captain Leblanc.
In February 1877, Souverain was recommissioned as a gunnery school, with a particular artillery and configuration to train gunners, comprising. They were under Captain Lefort from 1877 to 1878; Massias-Jurien de la Gravière from 1879 to 1880; Captain de Labarrière from 1881 to 1882; Alquier from 1883 to 1884; and Augey Dufresse in 1885. At this point, Couronne replaced them as school-ship for gunnery training, and they became a pontoon used as barracks for the Infanterie coloniale in Toulon.
Souverain was eventually sold for scrap and broken up in 1905.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Le Souverain (1819 – 1885), Nicolas Mioque
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Océan-class ships of the line
1819 ships
Auxiliary steamers
Ships built in France
{{Infobox university|
| name = Saint Mary University
| native_name =Universidad Santa María
| image= La florencia 1.jpg
| logo = Logo USM.gif
| established = 1953
| motto = "A challenge to excellence" '''| city = Caracas, Distrito Capital (Capital of Venezuela)
| type = Private
| rector = José Ceballos Gamardo
| country = Venezuela
| faculty =
| students = 20.000 approximately
| campus = Urban Approximately 450,000 square meters
| colors = Blue and White
| nickname = USM
| website = usm.edu.ve
}}Saint Mary University (Spanish: Universidad Santa María) (USM) is a private university in Venezuela. USM has campuses in several cities, such as Caracas (where the main campus is located), Puerto La Cruz, Barinas and Puerto Ayacucho.
The university was founded on October 13, 1953, by Lola de Fuenmayor in El Paraíso neighborhood (Southwestern Caracas). In 1983, the main campus of the university was built in La Florencia (East Caracas).
Symbols
Shield
In their inscription reads: Saint Mary University (Spanish: Universidad Santa María) founded in 1953, with the words God, Country and Home.
Flag
It is light blue with the shield engraved in the center, usually placed in the central square with the national flag.
Emblems
Saint Mary University Mascot
It was a lion named Ibrahim, and a lioness named Luna, both died. After, the Saint Mary University brought another lion called Friguela, who reigned for many years in the University. Nowadays, the University doesn't have any lion alive at the campus.
Degrees
Law college:
Law
International Studies
College of Social and Humanistic Sciences:
Social communication
Business Administration
Economics
Public Accounting
College of Engineering:
Civil Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Telecommunications Engineering
Systems Engineering
Architecture
Odontology
Pharmacy
Headquarters
Headquarter, The Florence (Spanish: La Florencia)
It is built on an area of 450,000 square meters, of which 200,000 are infrastructure including buildings (15 in total, where the various faculties and administrative offices are located), internal circulation roads and green areas. In this place all races work: Administration, Accounting, Economics, Social Communication, Law, International Studies, Pharmacy, Civil Engineering, Industrial, Systems and Telecommunications; Architecture and Odontology.Student groups, The FlorenceAt the headquarters of the Florence they are constituted multiple student teams that promote university life in the institution, among them are:
C.R.E.O: commitment, responsibility, excellence and organization.
ConseUSM
Action Usemista
Eimun MUN School of International Studies at the Saint Mary University
USM delegationCurrently in management University Student Government the following facilities:'''
Student Center School of Law (CED USM)
Student Center School of International Studies (CEEI USM)
Student Center of the Faculty of Engineering and Architecture (CEFIA USM)
Student Center of the School of Social Communication (CECOSSMA USM)
Student Center Schools Administration and Accounting (ECAC USM)
Student Center School of Economics (EEC USM)
Student Center of the Faculty of Pharmacy (CEF USM)
Student Center of the School of Dentistry (CEO USM)
Postgraduate Headquarters
The original headquarters is located in The Paradise (Spanish:El Paraiso), keeping its historical interest was completely remodeled to become the great Center of Postgraduate Studies. Currently it is appropriate and central building, with classrooms and amphitheaters designed for these studies. Library, parking and other services that make up a set of comprehensive quality development of academic activities, where extension courses, specialization and master's degrees as well as doctorates are held. Studies in this office takes a practical, functional, innovative concept and perfectly connected to the national reality
Headquarter East-Puerto La Cruz
Among the projects decentralization in 1994 Saint Mary University is established with its own headquarters in Barcelona, Anzoategui, based on a modern building set in 28,000 square meters of land located in the intercommunal Avenue Barcelona.
This important site starts working on January 23, 1995 and has classrooms acclimated to the area design; library, also adapted to the environment, modern computer labs with sophisticated equipment and programs in different areas. It is an educational complex with ample parking, all services and modern café located in a small shopping center surrounded by green areas.
Amazon Headquarter-Puerto Ayacucho
Saint Mary University founded in 1999 in the Amazon a university nucleus where students study law, economics, accounting and business administration state. This office works in two shifts: morning and night.
The core features spacious and comfortable classrooms, library, computer lab and cafeteria whose facilities are located in a nice air-conditioned hut. The whole atmosphere is carefully adapted to the environment of the Venezuelan Amazon region and to the needs of the community. It is a great constitutional effort that contributes to family unity and cultural development of the region.
In this seat racing law, social communication, accounting, administration, pharmacy, civil engineering, industrial and systems work.
Headquarter Barinas
This core began operations in 2004 and emerged as an academic option to capture a large student population eager to train in social sciences, scientific and administrative area.
In this place students study law, Social Communication, Accounting, Civil Engineering, Industrial and Systems.
Saint Mary Firefighters
The Volunteer Fire Department University is a nonprofit organization founded on May 10, 2010, in order to create an institution within the campus to provide protection to the student and working population; while it is offering to anyone who wishes to be part of this body the opportunity to become a professional firefighter University.
Notable alumni
Antonio Ledezma: Venezuelan Political
Tarek Saab: Venezuelan Political
Sthefany Gutiérrez: Miss Venezuela 2018 / 2nd Runner-up Miss Universe 2018
Vanessa Gonçalves: Miss Venezuela 2010 / Top 16 Miss Universe 2011
Juan Alfonso Baptista: Venezuelan Actor
Desiree Ortiz: Journalist and TV host
Naomi Soazo: Paralympic Gold Medalist (Pekin 2008/Rio 2016)
Ángel David Revilla: Venezuelan-Argentinian Youtuber and Writer
References
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Educational institutions established in 1953
1953 establishments in Venezuela
Farmeria is a genus of flowering plants in the riverweed family Podostemaceae, native to Sri Lanka and India. They attach to rocks using holdfasts, and their flowers are protected by boat-shaped spathella until they emerge.
Species
Currently accepted species include:
Farmeria indica Willis
Farmeria metzgerioides (Trimen) Willis ex Hook.f.
References
Podostemaceae
Malpighiales genera
Minuscule 850 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), Κι20 (von Soden), is a 12th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. The manuscript has no complex content.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Gospel of John (7:25-10:18) on 381 parchment leaves (size ), with a catena. The text is written in one column per page, 21 lines per page.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena, the commentary is of Cyril's authorship.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category.
History
F. H. A. Scrivener dated the manuscript to the 10th century, C. R. Gregory dated it to the 12th century. Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century.
The manuscript once belonged to the Jesuits' Collegium in Paris as a gift from Octavio Bulgarini. Then it belonged to Barberini. Minuscule 849 (17th century) probably was rewritten from this manuscript.
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (729e) and Gregory (850e). Gregory saw it in 1886.
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library (Barb. gr. 504), in Rome.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
External links
Minuscule 504 at the DigiVatLib
Greek New Testament minuscules
12th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
The Magat River is a river in the Philippine island of Luzon with a total length of . It originates in the Nueva Vizcaya municipality of Aritao, where the Santa Fe River joins the Marang. It is the largest tributary of the Cagayan River by discharge volume of water, with an estimated drainage area of , roughly twenty percent of the total drainage area of the Cagayan River.
Tributaries
The following are the tributaries of the Magat River by length:
Alimit River –
Matuno River –
Ibulao River –
Taotao River –
Santa Cruz River –
Padol River –
Lamut River –
Santa Fe River –
Benay River –
Marang River –
Manga River –
Balasig River –
Magat River Integrated Irrigation System
The Magat River Integrated Irrigation System Project, started by the National Irrigation Administration in the 1960s, is one of the Philippine's largest irrigation projects with hydroelectric power generation capacity. Its total cost amounted to US$500 million.
The project is made up of the Magat reservoir, three diversion dams, a large number of irrigation canals and three pumping stations to supply irrigation water for an area of about . It is also including hydroelectric power plants; at Magat reservoir, at Baligatan and Magat mini-hydroelectric power plants in Maris main canal.
See also
List of rivers of the Philippines
References
Rivers of the Philippines
Landforms of Isabela (province)
Landforms of Nueva Vizcaya
The Tasmanian Theatre Company is a theatre company based in Hobart, a city in the Australian state of Tasmania.
External links
Official site
Theatre companies in Australia
Culture of Tasmania
Late Night Tales and its predecessor Another Late Night is the names of two related series of artist-curated compilation albums released by Azuli Records in the UK until 2009 when the independent record label Night Time Stories took over the series. Both series were started by the author A.W. Wilde. The tracks on the albums are selected and mixed by a diverse selection of artists asked by Late Night Tales to create the ultimate late night mix. Many of the albums end with a story track, read by famous English performers including Benedict Cumberbatch, Will Self, Brian Blessed and Patrick Moore. With the exception of Jamiroquai, Air, Bill Brewster, and Don Letts' contributions, each release includes a cover version recorded by the artist(s).
The series has been met with critical acclaim, with GQ magazine praising Late Night Tales as "The Rolls-Royce of compilations". 2011 saw the label celebrate their 10th anniversary with a box set including all albums to date. Friendly Fires' compilation released in November 2012 marked the 30th in the series.
Albums
See also
Back to Mine
DJ-Kicks
Fabric discography
Solid Steel
References
External links
of Late Night Tales
of Night Time Stories
DJ mix album series
Compilation album series
Pap Jonga (born 1 July 1997) is a Gambian swimmer. The first Olympic swimmer to compete for the Gambia, Jonga competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where they ranked 79th with a time of 27.48 seconds. They did not advance to the semifinals.
References
1997 births
Living people
Gambian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Gambia
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Guianan red cotinga (Phoenicircus carnifex) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae, the cotingas. It is one of two species in the genus Phoenicircus.
It is found in northeastern South America in the Guianas in Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana; also a small border region of adjacent eastern Venezuela. In Brazil the species is found in the lower Amazon Basin bordering the Guyanas at the Amazon River outlet, and only ranges upstream in the Brazilian states of Pará, and Amapá. It is found on Marajó Island and southwards into northeastern Pará.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
There is a minor intersecting of the Guianan red cotinga range with the only other species in Phoenicircus, the black-necked red cotinga.
Taxonomy
In 1743 the English naturalist George Edwards included an illustration and a description of the Guianan red cotinga in the first volume of their A Natural History of Uncommon Birds. They used the English name "The Red Bird from Surinam". Edwards based their hand-coloured etching on a specimen in the collection of the Duke of Richmond. When in 1758 the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus updated their Systema Naturae for the tenth edition, they placed the Guianan red cotinga with the shrikes in the genus Lanius. Linnaeus included a brief description, coined the binomial name Lanius carnifex and cited Edwards' work. The Guianan red cotinga is now placed in the genus Phoenicircus that was introduced in 1832 by the English naturalist William John Swainson. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek phoinikeos meaning "crimson" or "dark red" with kerkos meaning "tail". The specific epithet carnifex is Latin meaning "executioner" or "murderer". The species is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
References
External links
Guianan red cotinga videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Stamps (for Suriname) with RangeMap
Photo; Article planktonik.com
Photo-High Res; Article www.mnh.si.edu—"Biological Diversity of the Guiana Shield"
Graphic-"Red Cotinga"; Article montereybay–Best Birds of the World
Guianan red cotinga
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Birds of the Guianas
Guianan red cotinga
Guianan red cotinga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ken Carpenter (born November 18, 1956 in Cleveland, Ohio), is an American journalist and journalism professor. They were an editor and reporter at The Plain Dealer in Cleveland (1980–87); a senior editor at The National Sports Daily in New York (1989–91); managing editor at Golfweek magazine in Winter Haven and Orlando, Fla. (1992–98); founding editor of Golfweek.com in Orlando, Fla. (1998–2001); copy editor at the Tampa Tribune (2001–02) and Orlando Sentinel (2002–03); and founding editor and publisher of TheGolfGazette.com.
In 2009 Carpenter established Journalism Buzz, a public service that aggregates news about journalism and new media on the Twitter platform.
In 2014 Carpenter was voted chairperson of the board of directors for the Global Peace Film Festival.
Carpenter is the associate producer of the award-winning documentary film "China: The Rebirth of an Empire," which was named Best Documentary at the 2011 River Bend Film Festival, the 2010 Central Florida Film Festival, the 2010 Astoria/Long Island City Film Festival, and the 2010 Big Easy International Film Festival.
Carpenter is the associate producer of a new documentary film "Passfire," now in production with a planned release in 2016.
 They are an adjunct professor of English in the Hamilton Holt School at Rollins College in Winter Park, Fla.  They are a former professor of journalism, mass communications and film at Valencia College in Orlando, Fla. (2002–2014).
References
See also
KenCarpenter.com
Journalism Buzz
The Golf Gazette
Global Peace Film Festival
China: The Rebirth of an Empire
Passfire
1956 births
Living people
Hugh Auchincloss Steers (June 12, 1962 – March 1, 1995) was an American painter whose work is in the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Walker Art Center, and the Denver Art Museum. They died of AIDS at the age of 32.
Early life
Steers was born on June 12, 1962, to Nina Gore Auchincloss and Newton Steers. They were the second of three children born to their parents. Steers had two brothers, Ivan Steers the oldest and Burr Steers, the youngest, the filmmaker. They attended the Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Connecticut and graduated from Yale University in 1985. They later attended Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Maine, graduating in 1991.
Steers was the grandson of Hugh D. Auchincloss and Nina Gore and the great-grandson of Thomas Gore. Their mother was the half-sister of writer Gore Vidal and a stepsister of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. In 1974, their parents divorced and later that same year, their mother married their second husband, Michael Straight. The wedding was attended by Hugh D. Auchincloss, Janet Auchincloss, Jackie Kennedy, Renata Adler, Beatrice Straight, and Peter Cookson.
Art
In 1989, Steers received a Pollock-Krasner Foundation Fellowship and had their first solo exhibition. They went on to exhibit their work in over 30 shows across the United States and Italy.
Steers' work, primarily figurative painting, is featured in the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Walker Art Center, and the Denver Art Museum. They painted in a style that mixed dreamlike allegory with Expressionist-tinged realism and incorporated art history references. In the 1990s, their work increasingly dealt with AIDS and many of their paintings showed male figures alone nearly nude or clothed in women's attire. Steers also depicted pairs of men bathing, dressing each other, and embracing. In their final works, they painted a self-portrait of a man dressed in a white hospital gown with white high heels. The figure is shown entering the lives of other characters as both an avenging and a guardian angel.
A comprehensive monographic catalogue of Steers' work was published by Visual AIDS in 2015.
Personal life
Steers was openly gay and died of AIDS related complications in 1995 at the age of 32.
Exhibitions
Drawing Center, New York (1987)
Albright-Knox Gallery, Buffalo, NY (1988)
Denver Art Museum, Denver, Colorado (1991)
Midtown Galleries, New York (1992)
Richard Anderson, New York (1992)
New Museum of Contemporary Art (1994)
Cadmus, Steers, Warhol (2012)
Art Basel Miami Beach (2012)
Art Kabinett Art Basel Miami Beach History, Painting (2012)
Hugh Steers, Alexander Gray Associates (2013)
Hugh Steers, Whitney Museum of American Art (2013)
Art AIDS America, Tacoma Art Museum (2015)
Hugh Steers' Daylight Alexander Gray Associates (2015)
Hugh Steers' Strange State of Being Alexander Gray Associates (2021)
See also
Newton Steers
Burr Steers
Hugh D. Auchincloss
Thomas Gore
References
1962 births
1995 deaths
Artists from New York City
Artists from Washington, D.C.
Yale University alumni
20th-century American painters
American male painters
AIDS-related deaths in New York (state)
Gay artists
LGBT artists from the United States
Auchincloss family
Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture alumni
A by-election for the seat of Guildford-Midland in the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia was held on 13 March 1948. It was triggered by the death of the sitting member, William Johnson of the Labor Party, on 26 January 1948. The Labor Party retained the seat, with John Brady recording 53.7 percent of the two-party-preferred vote. The election was notable for the performance of the Communist Party candidate, Alexander Jolly, who polled 19.3 percent on first preferences (one of the party's highest totals in Western Australia).
Background
William Johnson had held Guildford-Midland for the Labor Party since its creation at the 1930 state election. They had first been elected to parliament at the 1901 state election, and served both as a government minister and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly at various points. Johnson died at St John of God Subiaco Hospital on 26 January 1948. After their death, the writ for the by-election was issued on 3 February, with the close of nominations on 17 February. Polling day was on 13 March, with the writ returned on 22 March.
Results
Collins and Davies recorded the same number of first-preference votes, but Collins' preferences were distributed first.
Aftermath
Brady held Guildford-Midland until its abolition at the 1962 state election, and remained in parliament as the member for Swan until their retirement at the 1974 state election. They were a minister in the government of Albert Hawke between 1956 and 1959. Brady's chief opponent at the by-election, 23-year-old Liberal candidate David Grayden, was elected to parliament themselves at the 1950 state election, but served only a single term before being defeated.
See also
List of Western Australian state by-elections
References
Western Australian state by-elections
1948 elections in Australia
March 1948 events in Australia
This is a list of notable libertarian organizations.
Caucuses
LPRadicals
Republican Liberty Caucus
Mises Caucus
Think tanks and non-profit institutions
Americans for Limited Government
Atlas Economic Research Foundation
Cascade Policy Institute
Cato Institute – Washington, DC
Centre for Civil Society
Center for Individual Freedom
Center for Libertarian Studies (CLS; defunct) – New Delhi, India
Centre for Independent Studies (CIS)
Competitive Enterprise Institute
Families Against Mandatory Minimums (FAMM)
Foundation for Economic Education (FEE)
Foundation for Rational Economics and Education (FREE)
Fraser Institute
The Independent Institute
Institute for Humane Studies (IHS)
Institute for Justice (IJ)
Institute of Public Affairs (IPA)
Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies
John William Pope Center for Higher Education Policy
Libertas Institute (LI)
Ludwig von Mises Institute – Alabama, US
Pacific Research Institute (PRI)
Reason Foundation – Publisher of Reason
Issue and activist
ACT on Campus
Alliance of Libertarian Activists (ALA; defunct)
Bureaucrash
Campaign for Liberty
Center for a Stateless Society (C4SS)
College Libertarians
Copblock
Downsize DC Foundation
The Future of Freedom Conference (FOF; defunct)
Free State Project
FreedomWorks
Freedom School
International Society for Individual Liberty (ISIL)
Libertarian Alliance
Libertarian League
Libertarian Party (United States)
Libertair, Direct, Democratisch (defunct)
Rampart College (defunct)
Society for Libertarian Life (SLL; defunct)
Students for a Libertarian Society (SLS; defunct)
Students for Liberty (SFL)
Young Americans for Liberty (YAL)
Publishers and publications
Laissez Faire Books
Liberty (magazine)
Reason (magazine)
The Voluntaryist
Other
The Atlas Society
Free State Project
International Society for Individual Liberty ("ISIL")
Libertarians for Life
Liberty Fund
Prometheus Award – presented by the Libertarian Futurist Society
See also
List of libertarian political parties
Outline of libertarianism
Lists of organizations
The Toronto Raptors are a Canadian professional basketball team based in Toronto, Ontario. They play in the Atlantic Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Raptors are the only Canadian-based NBA team. The team joined the NBA in 1995 as an expansion team with the Vancouver Grizzlies (which relocated to Memphis, Tennessee in 2001). The Raptors first played their home games at the SkyDome (now known as the Rogers Centre), before moving to Scotiabank Arena (formerly the Air Canada Centre) in 1999, where they have played since. The Raptors are owned by Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment and Bobby Webster is their general manager.
There have been nine head coaches for the Raptors franchise. The franchise's first head coach was Brendan Malone, who coached for one season. Dwane Casey is the franchise's all-time leader for the most regular-season games coached (397) and the most regular-season game wins (210). Casey is the franchise's all-time leader for the most playoff games coached (51), as well as the most playoff-game wins (21).
Lenny Wilkens is the only Raptors coaches to have been elected into the Basketball Hall of Fame as a coach.
Sam Mitchell, Dwane Casey and Nick Nurse are the only Raptors coaches to have won the NBA Coach of the Year Award, having won it in the , 2017–18 season, and 2019-20 season respectively.
Butch Carter, Kevin O'Neill, and Jay Triano have spent their entire NBA head coaching careers with the Raptors. Triano was the interim head coach of the Raptors since Mitchell was fired. Triano is the first Canadian head coach in NBA history.
Nick Nurse is the only Raptors coach to have won an NBA Championship (2018-19 NBA season) and holds the franchise's highest winning percentage in the regular season (.707) and playoffs (.667).  They are currently the Raptors head coach as of the 2022-2023 NBA season.
Key
Coaches
Note: Statistics are correct through the end of the .
Notes
A running total of the number of coaches of the Raptors. Thus, any coach who has two or more separate terms as head coach is only counted once.
Each year is linked to an article about that particular NBA season.
References
General
Specific
Lists of National Basketball Association head coaches by team
head coaches
Mario Gamero (6 June 1902 – 20 June 1983) was an Italian painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1902 births
1983 deaths
20th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Painters from Turin
20th-century Italian male artists
Kuasha (The fog) is a Bengali thriller film directed by Premendra Mitra based on their own novel. This movie was released in the banner of Mahabharati Limited on 19 August 1949.
Plot
Cast
Dhiraj Bhattacharya
Nripati Chattopadhyay
Kanu Banerjee
Gurudas Banerjee
Chhaya Devi
Nabadwip Haldar
Rajlakhsmi Devi
Shisir Batabyal
Joynarayan Mukherjee
Shipra Mitra
Ganesh Chandra Goswami
Dhiraj Das
References
External links
Indian detective films
1949 films
Bengali-language Indian films
Indian mystery thriller films
1940s Bengali-language films
Films directed by Premendra Mitra
1940s mystery thriller films
Indian black-and-white films
Films based on Indian novels
André-Albert Blais (26 August 1842 – 23 January 1919) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Rimouski.
Born in Saint-Vallier, Quebec, the son of Hubert Blais and Marguerite Roy, Blais was educated in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Pocatière, Quebec, at the Quebec Seminary and at Collège de Lévis. They were ordained in 1868. From 1868 to 1869, they taught at Collège de Lévis. From 1869 to 1873, they were a professor of English at the Quebec Seminary and assistant director of the Pensionnat. From 1873 to 1874, they were director of the Pensionnat. From 1874 to 1877, they studied in Rome. From 1877 to 1881, they were a Professor of Canonical law at the Quebec Seminary. From 1882 to 1889, they were a chaplain in Bon Pasteur, Quebec. In 1889, they were appointed Titular Bishop of Germanicopolis. In 1891, they were appointed Bishop of Rimouski.
The Municipality of Saint-André-de-Restigouche was named after him.
References
1842 births
1919 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Roman Catholic bishops of Rimouski
is a park in Chūō-ku, Niigata, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
History
The 1964 Niigata earthquake caused the sandy soil under the city to liquefy, damaging many city facilities. The aging baseball stadium was converted to an earthquake memorial using funds from the earthquake disaster relief money. This is currently the Niigata Prefectural Hall.
From the 1990s, aging facilities were demolished. A riverside picnic site covering approximately 7 hectares was created, and north and south bound traffic was diverted under the park via a tunnel.
Other facilities in the park
Hakusan Shrine
Niigata Prefectural Government Memorial Hall
Niigata City Music and Culture Hall
Niigata-City Performing Arts Center (Ryutopia)
Niigata Prefectural Civic Center
Niigata City Municipal Gymnasium
Niigata City Athletic Stadium
External links
Parks in Japan
Parks and gardens in Niigata Prefecture
Niigata (city)
John Murton (1585 – c. 1626), also known as John Morton, was a co-founder of the Baptist faith in Great Britain.
John Murton had been a furrier by trade in Gainsborough-on-Trent and was a member of the 1607 Gainsborough Congregation that relocated to Amsterdam. Murton had been a close disciple of John Smyth while in Holland and eventually Murton returned to London with Thomas Helwys and their church.
Murton possibly spent time in prison with Helwys before their death, and then became the Elder of the congregation. Murton continued Helwys' traditions until 1624 when they had a falling out with the congregation. Murton wrote several books influencing later Baptists, such as Roger Williams who opened their influential book, "The Bloudy Tenent by reprinting parts of John Murton's anonymously published tract, A Most Humble Supplication of the King's Majesty's Loyal Subjects (1620)."
References
1585 births
1626 deaths
English Baptist ministers
17th-century Christian clergy
The Clinton Owls were a Minor League Baseball team based in Clinton, Iowa, United States, that operated in the Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League in 1937–1938 as an affiliate of the Brooklyn Dodgers. From 1939–1940 they were an affiliate of the New York Giants and were known as the Clinton Giants. The team was disbanded at the onset of World War II. Today, the Clinton franchise is the Clinton LumberKings who still play at Riverview Stadium, now called NelsonCorp Field.
Notable players
Sam Nahem (1915–2004), Major League Baseball pitcher
External links
Clinton, Iowa baseball reference
Bullpen wiki
Clinton Owls book excerpt
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Clinton, Iowa
Illinois-Indiana-Iowa League teams
Defunct baseball teams in Iowa
Baseball teams disestablished in 1938
Baseball teams established in 1937
was a Japanese actor who specialized in playing villains and tough guys. In 1957, they signed a contract with Toei Studio and appeared in over 1000 films. They won the Best Supporting Actor award at the Yokohama Film Festival for their role in Shinde mo ii.
Selected filmography
Film
1953: Daibosatsu Tôge - Dai-ni-bu: Mibu to Shimabara no maki; Miwa kamisugi no maki - Takagawa
1960: Bôso omote they derô
1961: Hachi-nin me no teki
1961: Shin jinsei gekijô
1962: Ankoku-gai saigo no hi
1962: Nerai uchi no buraikan
1963: Tokubetsu kidô sôsatai
1963: Tokubetsu kidô sôsatai: Tokyo eki ni harikome
1963: Ankokugai saidai no kettô - Ishigami
1963: Asakusa no kyôkaku
1963: Showa kyokyaku den
1963: Yakuza no uta
1963: Tôkyô gyangu tai Honkon gyangu
1964: Wolves, Pigs and Men - Mizuhara
1964: Doro inu
1965: A Fugitive from the Past - Pressman
1965: Himo
1965: Kuroi neko - Sagawa
1965: Nippon dorobô monogatari - Saiki, News reporter
1965: Zoku Abashiri bangaichi
1965: Shôwa zankyô-den - Yakuza
1965: Gyangu chôjô sakusen - Chin
1966: Shôwa zankyô-den: Karajishi botan
1966: Odoshi - Sabu
1966: Otoko no shôbu
1966: Kaitei daisensô - Henchman
1966: Ninkyô yawara ichidai
1966: Umi no koto - Guest
1966: Otoko dokyô de shobû
1966: Kamikaze Man: Duel at Noon - detective
1966: Rampaging Dragon of the North - Gen Ashida
1967: Ceremony of Disbanding - Nakanishi
1967: Soshiki bôryoku
1967: Kawachi yûkyôden - Sutezo
1967: Zoku soshiki bôryoku - Detective Sawai
1967: Choueki juhachi-nen: kari shutsugoku
1968: Rikugun chôhô 33 - Oku
1968: Kaidan hebi-onna - Saiji
1968: Uragiri no ankokugai - Barman
1968: Blackmail Is My Life - Seki
1968: Gokuchu no kaoyaku
1968: Gambler's Farewell
1968: Ah, yokaren - Teacher
1969: Black Rose Mansion - Kyohei's son - Wataru's brother
1969: Japan Organized Crime Boss
1970: Tora! Tora! Tora! - Japanese Pilot (uncredited)
1972: Street Mobster - Miyahara
1972: Female Prisoner 701: Scorpion - Okizaki
1972: Wandering Ginza Butterfly 2: She-Cat Gambler - Tadokoro
1972: Female Convict Scorpion: Jailhouse 41 - Okizaki
1972: Outlaw Killers: Three Mad Dog Brothers
1973: Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Deadly Fight in Hiroshima - Keisuke Nakahara
1973: Hissatsu Shikakenin - Matajûrô Mineyama
1973: Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Proxy War - Hideo Hayakawa
1973: Karate Kiba - Hijacker A
1973: Bodigaado Kiba: Hissatsu sankaku tobi - Tatsumi Masaru
1974: Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Police Tactics
1974: Zero Woman: Red Handcuffs - Masashi Kusaka
1974: Executioner - Boss
1974: Sister Street Fighter: Hanging by a Thread - Kazushige Osone
1974: New Battles Without Honor and Humanity - Masuo Nozaki
1974: Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Police Tactics - Hideo Hayakawa
1975: Graveyard of Honor - Yasuo Matsuoka
1975: Cops vs. Thugs - Tsukahara
1975: Gambling Den Heist - Kumakichi
1975: Cross the Rubicon!
1975: Champion of Death
1975: New Battles Without Honor and Humanity: The Boss's Head - Takeo Akamatsu
1976: Violent Panic: The Big Crash
1976: Karate Warriors
1976: Yakuza Graveyard - Hidaka
1976: The Classroom of Terror
1976: Yakuza Graveyard
1977: Karate for Life
1977: Doberman Cop - Jiro Takahashi
1977: Proof of the Man - Detective at Yokota
1978: Shogun's Samurai - Sagenta Nogero (Leader of Negoro Clan)
1978: Talk of the Town Tora-san - Soeda
1979: Hunter in the Dark - Hino
1980: Kagemusha - Nobufusa Baba
1980: The Beast to Die - Hideyuki Kashiwagi
1981: Samurai Reincarnation - Priest Inshun Hozoin
1981: Station - Shigeru Morioka
1982: Onimasa - Sagara
1982: The Go Masters
1982: Theater of Life
1983: Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence - New Commandant of Camp
1983: The Go Masters
1985: Seburi monogatari - Kuzushiri
1986: Minami e Hashire, Umi no Michi o! - Kazuyuki Kiryu
1986: Tokei – Adieu l'hiver
1987: A Taxing Woman - Jūkichi Ishii
1987: Sure Death 4: Revenge - Yahei Hirano
1987: Kyofu-no yacchan - Sentaro Jinnai
1987: Abunai deka
1990: Heaven and Earth - Obu Masatora
1990: Ready to Shoot
1991: Hiruko the Goblin - Watanabe
1992: Original Sin - Hideki Tsuchiya
1993: The City That Never Sleeps: Shinjuku Shark - Momoi
1995: Gonin - Shikine
2000: Isola: Tajuu jinkaku shôjo - Old victim of the Great Hanshin Earthquake
2002: Women in the Mirror - Goda
Television
Shin Seven Color Mask (1960)
National Kid (1960)
Key Hunter (1968-73) (26 appearances as a guest star)
Hissatsu Shikakenin (1972) (ep. 1)
G-Men '75 (1975) (ep. 1 and 8)
Zenryaku Ofukurosama (1975-77)
Ōgon no Hibi (1978) as Hachisuka Masakatsu
Taiyō ni Hoero! (1986) (ep. 696)
Abunai Deka (1986) (ep. 50)
Hōjō Tokimune (2001) as Hattori Masaemon
References
External links
Hideo Murota at Kinenote
1937 births
2002 deaths
Japanese male actors
People from Otaru
Práxedis Gilberto Guerrero Hurtado (28 August 1882 – 30 December 1910) was a Mexican anarchist poet, journalist and fighter who served as an insurgent leader during the 1910 Revolution.
Biography
Guerrero was originally from Los Altos de Ibarra near León, Guanajuato, where their parents owned a hacienda. After finishing their secondary schooling, they began working as a labourer.
In 1899 they submitted their first articles to the newspapers El Heraldo Comercial and El Despertador.
In 1901, appointed them a correspondent on Diario del Hogar and, that same year, they enlisted as a reservist in the National Army, where they reached the rank of second lieutenant (cavalry).
In 1903 they began to read newspapers that opposed the ongoing dictatorship of President Porfirio Díaz, including El Demófilo and El hijo del Ahuizote; they also met several anarchist writers.
After the army (under orders from Gov. Bernardo Reyes) opened fire on a liberal demonstration in Monterrey, Nuevo León, on 2 April of that year,
they resigned their commission in the reserves.
In 1904 they relocated to the United States and began working as a mine labourer in Denver, Colorado.
In 1905 they moved to San Francisco, California, where they published the newspaper Alba Roja ("Red Dawn");
In May 1906 Guerrero was visited by Manuel Sarabia, who invited them to participate on the Organizing Committee of the Mexican Liberal Party (JOPLM).
In addition to Alba Roja, Guerrero worked on other papers, including Revolución (1908) and Punto Rojo (1909),
which had a weekly print-run of 10,000 copies in El Paso, Texas, and joined its voice to calls for a general strike;
they also contributed to Regeneración, published by the Flores Magón brothers. They were a member of the Mexican Liberal Party (PLM) and fought in the party's military campaigns.
In September 1910, Regeneración published the stories of three 1908 revolutionary episodes, in which Guerrero described PLM attacks on the settlements of Las Vacas (modern-day Ciudad Acuña, Coahuila), Viesca, Coahuila, and Puerto Palomas, Chihuahua, intended to spark a social revolution across Mexico.
The liberal opposition to Díaz's regime finally declared open rebellion on 20 November 1910, under Francisco I. Madero's Plan de San Luis.
Guerrero, who had been appointed Chief of Operations of the Confederation of Groups of the Liberal Army in Mexico,
decided to raise an armed force in El Paso, Texas, and lead it across the border, even with the disapproval of the PLM's Organizing Committee, which wanted them to dedicate their efforts to writing and reporting.
On 22 December, some 30 revolutionaries led by Guerrero entered Mexico through Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua,
attacked a hacienda, sequestered a train, and advanced toward the south, destroying the railway bridges as they passed. At Estación Guzmán, Chihuahua, they were joined by another 20 insurgents; there, on 25 December, they split into two groups, the larger one led by Guerrero and the other by Prisciliano Silva.
Guerrero took the town of Corralitos on 27 December and, the following day (unsuccessfully) demanded the surrender of Casas Grandes. During the night of 29 December, they led their forces on an attack on Janos and, by the following morning, the town was in rebel hands.
That same day, however, Práxedis Guerrero was killed. The circumstances of their death are unclear, and there are at least three different versions of the incident. Ethel Duffy Turner claims they were shot by one of their men who confused Guerrero with a spy as they were gaining higher ground to conduct reconnaissance; Martínez Nuñez says Guerrero was shot in the right eye while climbing onto a roof to repel an attack by federal forces; while Enrique Flores Magón reports that Guerrero was shot in the forehead while explaining the ideals of the PLM to the assembled townsfolk.
Legacy
In Chihuahua, Práxedis Guerrero has a town, a municipality and a school that honors their name. Another settlement in the state of Durango also bears their name.
See also
Magonism
References
External links
Artículos de combate, Chantal López & Omar Cortés (eds.), 1977.
Weaving the Past: Journey of Discovery, Documental by Walter Dominguez about Práxedis Guerrero.
People of the Mexican Revolution
Mexican journalists
Male journalists
Mexican anarchists
Magonists
Writers from Guanajuato
People from León, Guanajuato
1882 births
1910 deaths
1882 in Mexico
1910 in Mexico
20th-century journalists
Jouni Johannes Grönman (born 17 May 1962), is a Finnish former weightlifter who competed at four Olympic Games won a bronze medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Grönman was born and trained in Pori, on the west coast of Finland.
A lightweight, they were a 15-time Finnish champion and won five Nordic titles. They started competing internationally as a weightlifter 1983, with a fifth placing at the European Championships and was sixth at the World Championships. They won a silver medal at the 1984 European Championships, which was followed soon after by their first appearance in the Olympics.
Olympic career
Due to the Soviet boycott, the top four placed lifters from the World Championships were absent for the 1984 Olympics, so Grönman came into the event as one of the favourites. They had the final lift of the competition and although they got bar to their shoulders was unable to get it over their head to better China's Yao Jingyuan. Instead they won a bronze medal with an earlier 312.5 kg effort, the same total of the silver medalist Andrei Socaci, who got second place on account of their body weight being less than Grönman's. It was only the second Olympics that Finland had won a weightlifting medal, they and heavyweight lifter Pekka Niemi's bronze medals were the first since Kaarlo Kangasniemi won gold in 1968.
They represented Finland in a further three Olympics. In 1988 they did not register a successful lift, but in 1992 they finished in fifth position overall. Their final appearance came in 1996 and they were the oldest competitor in the field at the age of 34. They finished in 17th position.
References
External links
Jouni Grönman at Sports-Reference
1962 births
Living people
Finnish male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Finland
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Pori
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Don Alonso is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 900.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Don Alonso barrio was 1,610.
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
The 2016 Men's Central American and Caribbean Basketball Championship, also known as 2016 Centrobasket, was the regional basketball championship of FIBA Americas for the Central American and Caribbean subzone. The top five teams automatically qualified for Division A of the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification and for the 2017 FIBA AmeriCup, with the top seven qualifying for the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games. The tournament was held in the city of Panama City from June 19 to June 25.
Puerto Rico won its 11th Centrobasket title by defeating Mexico in the final, 84–83.
Participating teams
Automatic Qualifiers: (Top four in 2014 Centrobasket)
Caribbean Sub-Zone: (Top three in 2015 FIBA CBC Championship)
Central American Sub-Zone: (Top three in 2015 FIBA COCABA Championship)
(Hosts)
Preliminary round
The draw was held on 29 March 2016.
Group A
Group B
Final round
Semifinals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Final rankings
The top five teams qualified for the 2017 FIBA AmeriCup and the top seven teams qualified for both the 2018 Central American and Caribbean Games and Division A of the 2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification.
References
External links
FIBA
Draw Procediment
Centrobasket
2015–16 in North American basketball
2016 in Central American sport
2016 in Caribbean sport
2016 in Panamanian sport
International basketball competitions hosted by Panama
20th century in Panama City
Sports competitions in Panama City
June 2016 sports events in North America
Palhinhaea is a genus of lycophytes in the family Lycopodiaceae. In the Pteridophyte Phylogeny Group classification of 2016 (PPG I), it is placed in the subfamily Lycopodielloideae. Some sources do not recognize the genus, sinking it into Lycopodiella. Palhinhaea species are widespread in the tropics and subtropics.
Species
, the Checklist of Ferns and Lycophytes of the World recognized the following species:
Palhinhaea bradei (Nessel) Holub
Palhinhaea brevibracteata (Alderw.) Holub
Palhinhaea camporum (B.Øllg. & P.G.Windisch) Holub
Palhinhaea cernua (L.) Vasc. & Franco
Palhinhaea cerrojefensis B.Øllg.
Palhinhaea crassifolia (Spring) Fraser-Jenk. & Kholia
Palhinhaea curvata (Sw.) Holub
Palhinhaea descendens (B.Øllg.) Holub
Palhinhaea divaricata B.Øllg.
Palhinhaea eichleri (Fée) Holub
Palhinhaea glaucescens (C.Presl) Holub
Palhinhaea hainanensis C.Y.Yang
Palhinhaea lehmannii (Hieron.) Holub
Palhinhaea lugubris B.Øllg.
Palhinhaea maniculata (B.Øllg.) B.Øllg.
Palhinhaea pendulina (Hook.) Holub
Palhinhaea pseudocurvata B.Øllg.
Palhinhaea pungens (Alderw.) Holub
Palhinhaea reflexifolia B.Øllg.
Palhinhaea riofrioi (Sodiro) Holub
Palhinhaea steyermarkii (B.Øllg.) Holub
Palhinhaea tomentosa (Alderw.) Holub
Palhinhaea torta (Sieber ex Underw. & F.E.Lloyd) Christenh.
Palhinhaea trianae (Hieron.) Holub
Palhinhaea veigae Vasc. (epithet is also wrongly spelt viegae)
In addition, Lycopodiella hydrophila (Alderw.) P.J.Edwards probably belongs to this genus but has not yet been transferred.
References
Lycopodiaceae
Lycophyte genera
Subzero, nicknamed "Subbie" (26 September 1988 – 29 August 2020), was an Australian thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1992 Melbourne Cup.
Life and career
Subzero was foaled in Australia. Trained by Lee Freedman and ridden by veteran jockey Greg Hall, the four-year-old revelled in the rain-affected going in the 1992 Melbourne Cup to defeat the favourite, Veandercross, and the two-miler Castletown. The win was to be Subzero's last, but as one of the few grey winners of the race in the post-War era, their fame was assured.
Upon retirement from racing, Subzero was employed as the clerk of the course's horse by Racing Victoria's long-time clerk, Graham Salisbury, and made numerous appearances on television, at charity functions and schools. In July 2008, they were fully retired as they had developed arthritis.
In October 2009, it was reported that Subzero might need to be put down as the medication they needed for their arthritis became unavailable in Australia. The medication was subsequently sourced from the United States and Subzero continued to appear in public. In their retirement they were gentle natured, very patient with children and remained with Graham Salisbury until Salisbury's death in June 2020.
On 29 August 2020, they were euthanized at the Bendigo Equine Hospital due to the onset of heart failure. They were 31.
See also
List of millionaire racehorses in Australia
List of Melbourne Cup winners
References
Further reading
External links
Product-maker flies the Pacific to help to ail Cup winner - Horsetalk.co.nz 1.11.09
Subzero's pedigree and partial racing stats
Subzero visiting the Living Legends park
1988 racehorse births
2020 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Australia
Racehorses trained in Australia
Melbourne Cup winners
Thoroughbred family 4-m
Mixed Blessings is a Canadian television comedy-drama series, which aired on APTN.
The show was created by Ric Beairsto, Ron E. Scott and Drew Hayden Taylor, from an original concept by Ric Beairsto. The series stars Gary Basaraba and Tina Lameman as Hank Kowalchuk and Josie Fraser, two widowed single parents in Fort McMurray, Alberta who fall in love and are faced with the challenges of successfully blending their families despite their significantly different backgrounds: Kowalchuk is Ukrainian Canadian, while Fraser is Cree.
The show's cast also includes Kirklin Maclise, Jesse Frechette, Emma Duncan, Big Daddy Tazz, Michelle Thrush, Wilma Pelly, Emma Ashbaugh, Allen Belcourt and Griffin Powell Arcand.
Following some criticism that the first season of the show wasn't particularly funny despite it having been marketed as a comedy drama, the second season was not as tightly scripted, and instead featured some opportunities for the actors to incorporate some aspects of improvisational comedy into their dialogue.
References
External links
Mixed Blessings
2007 Canadian television series debuts
Aboriginal Peoples Television Network original programming
Television shows filmed in Edmonton
Television shows set in Alberta
2000s Canadian comedy-drama television series
2008 Canadian television series endings
Television series about Indigenous people in Canada
György Kmety (Felsőpokorágy, – London, ) was a general in the Hungarian Army, and in the Ottoman Army under the name Ismail Pasha.
Career
Kmety's father was a noble but poor evangelist vicar who died in 1818, so their brother (Paul) brought them up. Kmety completed their studies in Kežmarok and in 1833 they joined the 19th Army. At the end of 1847 they were a non-commissioned officer in Joseph Radetzky von Radetz's army as a first lieutenant. On 1 October 1848 in Győr they joined the 23rd Army Corps as a captain.
Hungarian Revolution of 1848
Kmety played an important role in setting up the corps, because another captain ended up not enlisting because of illness. Kmety was leading four companies when they went with Lajos Kossuth to János Móga's camp, and with them fought the Battle of Schwechat. For this Kossuth awarded them a captaincy in the 1st Army Corps. Later they were promoted to colonel for defeating a cavalry attack. From 15 February 1849 Kmety was leading a division.
Kmety didn't fight in the Battle of Kápolna because of Henryk Dembiński's poor leadership, although they covered the retreating Hungarian army. On 28 February 1849 Kmety won the battle against Franz Deym at Mezőkövesd. On 14 April 1849 they were promoted to colonel.
Kmety led the Hungarians to recover Buda, but they were injured. After that they were commanded to occupy the banks of the River Rába. On 13 June Kmety defeated the Austrian troops led by Franz Wyss in the Battle of Csorna, and because of this they received the general title. On 27 June Edler von Warensberg defeated Kmety and they had to move towards Vojvodina. Even though Kmety tried to rush their troops they missed the Battle of Hegyes against Josip Jelačić.
On 9 August Kmety joined to the Hungarian army corps at Temesvár (now Timișoara, Romania). On the left flank Kmety advanced successfully, but in other sections of the corps they also had to retreat. On 15 August Kmety defeated the Austrian Army at Lugos (now Lugoj, Romania).
After the Revolution
After the Surrender at Világos Kmety fled to the Ottoman Empire and they joined to the Ottoman army under the name of Isma'il, but they did not convert to Islam. The Ottoman people liked them and asked them to modernise the Ottoman army, which they did. Kmety was transferred to Aleppo with Józef Bem, where they helped to suppress a serious riot.
After Bem's death Kmety moved to London, where their first work was published. At the beginning of the Crimean War Kmety returned to the Ottoman Empire where they were defeated by the Russians at the Siege of Kars on 29 September 1855. When General William Fenwick Williams wanted to give up the castle, Kmety decided to engage combat with the enemy's troops. Because of that Kmety received an award from the Ottoman government.
In 1861 Kmety retired and returned to London where they died in 1865.
Legacy
In recognition of their help, after Kmety's death the Turks erected a statue that still stands in Kensal Green Cemetery (London). Kmety never married and had no children.
Works
Notes
Sources
1813 births
1865 deaths
Hungarian Revolution of 1848
Ottoman Army generals
Ottoman military personnel of the Crimean War
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Hungarian emigrants to England
Julie Nicole Wojta (born April 9, 1989) is an American basketball player for Tarbes Gespe Bigorre of the Ligue Féminine de Basketball (LFB) and EuroLeague Women (officially FIBA EuroLeague Women). Wojta played college basketball at the University of Wisconsin–Green Bay, where they were a Wade Trophy and Wooden Award finalist, Horizon League tournament MVP, and a second-team All-America pick. Wojta was the first player from Green Bay drafted by a WNBA team, as well as the first to be named to an Associated Press All-American team.
Early life and career
High school
Wojta hailed from Francis Creek, Wisconsin, and attended Mishicot High School, where they were a three-year starter on the basketball team. Wojta was a lauded player at Mishicot, receiving two years of all-county honors, two Manitowoc Herald Times Reporter Player of the Year awards, and two Olympian Conference Player of the Year awards. Wojta was also an Associated Press honorable mention selection for Wisconsin's all-state team after their junior year after leading Mishicot to a conference title. Wojta also participated in track and field as a high school athlete.
College
Wojta redshirted for their true first-year student season, and led the team's redshirt freshmen the next year in total rebounds and free throw percentage. As a sophomore, they were a Second Team All-Horizon League selection, in addition to being a Horizon League Player of the Week. Wojta began their junior season as a preseason First Team All-Conference Selection, they would go on to finish the season as a Second Team All-Horizon League and All-Tournament selection.
In their final season, Wojta received many accolades. They were a preseason First Team All-Horizon League selection and would be named Horizon League Player of the Week four times. They finished the season named to the Horizon League's All-Defensive and First All-League Teams, and was the Horizon League's Player of the Year and Defensive Player of the Year, later capturing the Horizon League Tournament MVP Award. Wojta led the Horizon League in scoring and steals, and was a finalist for the John R. Wooden Award and Wade Trophy, but won neither. Wojta was later named an AP Second Team All-American, the first Green Bay women's basketball player to do so since the school became Division 1. They hold program records for most steals in a season (127) and most career double-doubles.
Professional
Wojta was drafted by the Minnesota Lynx, becoming the first Green Bay player drafted by a WNBA team. However, they were cut after the 2012 training camp, proceeding to sign a contract to play with Dexia Namur in Belgium. In July, Wojta was brought back to the Lynx on a short-term contract to provide depth after a series of injuries.
Wotja made their WNBA regular-season debut on July 12, 2012, grabbing two rebounds in limited play. They were waived by the team in August, once the injured players returned to the team.
In 2013, Wojta was invited to training camp with the San Antonio Silver Stars, but was cut prior to the season. They were re-signed on June 5, 2013, to provide depth due to injuries. They made their debut with the Silver Stars on June 7, playing briefly in a win over the Chicago Sky.
Green Bay statistics
Source
Accolades and awards
College
Horizon League Player of the Year (2012)
Horizon League Defensive Player of the Year (2012)
Associated Press Second Team All-American (2012)
Horizon League Tournament MVP (2012)
Horizon League All-Tournament Team (2011)
Horizon League All-Defensive Team (2012)
First Team All-Horizon League (2012)
Second Team All-Horizon League (2010, 2011)
Preseason First Team All-Horizon League (2010, 2011)
Program record holder for single season steals (127)
Program Division 1 record holder for career double-doubles (35)
High school
2 X Wisconsin All-county Honours
2 X Olympian Conference Player of the Year
2 X Manitowoc Herald Times Reporter — Player of the Year
Associated Press Honourable Mention Wisconsin's All-state team (2006)
Olympian Conference Title as a junior, with an average 17.6 points and 13.0 rebounds a game
All-conference Honourable Mention as a first-year student, with an average 12.8 points and 8.3 rebounds a game
Europe
Lega Basket Femminile Eurobasket.com All-Italian A1 Defensive Player of the Year (2018)
Liga Femenina de Baloncesto Most Valuable Forward Player of the Year (2020)
Most Valuable Player (Maurizio Ferrara Prize, 2021)
References
External links
Green Bay Bio
1989 births
Living people
All-American college women's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Wisconsin
Forwards (basketball)
Green Bay Phoenix women's basketball players
Guards (basketball)
Minnesota Lynx draft picks
Minnesota Lynx players
People from Manitowoc County, Wisconsin
San Antonio Stars players
The Saratoga and Almaden Railroad was a shortlived standard gauge steam railroad in western Santa Clara County that existed in the late 1880s but was gone by 1905. Several miles of the railroad were built, and financial troubles or some unknown reason were the cause of its demise.
History
In 1884, it was planned that a railroad be built from Murphy's station along the Southern Pacific Railroad tracks to Saratoga, with the long-term goal of building a collective 22 miles of track in order to reach the mines of New Almaden. At least five miles of track were laid, and the railroad was likely built from Murphy's station all the way to Saratoga. If this were the case, the name "Saratoga and Almaden Railroad" may have been chosen to garner support for the unbuilt section of the line. Currently, the most identifiable features along the old right of way are a creek channel owned by the Santa Clara Valley Water District and Blaney Road in Cupertino.
Funding and late history
The railroad had at least $200,000 in capital at their disposal, which came at least in part from 150 gold bonds issued around 1885 that were signed by the company president D.M. Pyle and the company secretary. These gold bonds expired twenty years later, but the railroad ran into financial troubles as soon as 1886. Notably, the Southern Pacific Railroad and Peninsular Railway began service on the Mayfield Cutoff in 1908, just three years after the gold bonds expired.
References
Railway companies established in 1884
Railway companies disestablished in 1905
Defunct California railroads
Standard gauge railways in the United States
Dawson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,940. Its county seat is Glendive.
History
Dawson County was the tenth state organized in Montana Territory, four and a half years after Montana Territory was organized. It was created January 15, 1869 from the northern half of the original Big Horn County. The county was named for Major Andrew Dawson, manager of the Fort Benton Trading Post for the American Fur Company from 1856 to 1864.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Dawson County is located in the extreme eastern portion of Montana, about fifteen to twenty miles west of the Dakota line.
Dawson County contains part of Montana's badlands. Makoshika State Park is an example of that area's unusual rock formations. Dawson County's principal water sources are the Yellowstone River, which bisects its southeastern section, and the Redwater River in its northwest corner. Numerous creeks are tributary to these streams, furnishing abundant and accessible facilities watering livestock and for small irrigation enterprises and water conservation projects. In the upper bench lands, artesian well irrigation has received considerable attention.
The largest Triceratops skull ever found was discovered in 1992 and excavated in 2003 in Dawson County, Montana, in the famous Hell Creek Formation. It is a 65-million-year-old male Triceratops skull, 9.2 feet long, 5.2 feet high and 4.6 feet wide and weighing over 600kg. It has been dubbed 'Dragon King' and is understood to be the most expensive skull to ever trade privately.
Parts of Dawson County were taken to form Valley County in 1893, Richland County and part of Wibaux County in 1914, part of Prairie County in 1915, and Garfield County and part of McCone County in 1919.
Major highways
Interstate 94
U.S. Highway 10 (Former)
Montana Highway 16
Montana Highway 200
Montana Highway 200 (Alternate)
Montana Highway 254
In 1920, Dawson County was traversed by the National Parks Highway or Red Trail, the Black Trail, the Green Trail and the Blue Trail, all of which passed through Glendive.
Adjacent counties
Richland County - north
Wibaux County - east
Prairie County - south
McCone County - west
Politics
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 9,059 people, 3,625 households, and 2,475 families living in the county. The population density was 4 people per square mile (1/km2). There were 4,168 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.43% White, 0.25% Black or African American, 1.23% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.31% from other races, and 0.64% from two or more races. 0.89% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 39.7% were of German, 17.0% Norwegian, 7.3% Irish and 6.5% English ancestry. 97.0% spoke English, 1.4% German and 1.0% Spanish as their first language.
There were 3,625 households, out of which 29.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.50% were married couples living together, 6.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.70% were non-families. 28.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.90.
The county population contained 23.10% under the age of 18, 8.80% from 18 to 24, 24.90% from 25 to 44, 25.40% from 45 to 64, and 17.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 98.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,393, and the median income for a family was $38,455. Males had a median income of $29,487 versus $18,929 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,368. About 11.70% of families and 14.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.70% of those under age 18 and 11.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 8,966 people, 3,749 households, and 2,429 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,233 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.7% white, 1.7% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 46.6% were German, 16.3% were Norwegian, 15.5% were Irish, 8.2% were English, and 6.5% were American.
Of the 3,749 households, 26.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.1% were married couples living together, 6.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.2% were non-families, and 31.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.82. The median age was 43.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,752 and the median income for a family was $63,982. Males had a median income of $45,222 versus $30,993 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,602. About 7.4% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Dawson County is known for its dryland grain, coal mines and gas and oil wells. There are 522 current farms and ranches, and 296 commercial businesses.
Lying in the heart of the western third of the Fort Union region, Dawson County is plentifully supplied with lignite coal. Local natural gas has supplied Glendive since at least 1920. Excellent clays for pottery and brick-making are also found in the county.
From early days, Dawson County was known as a splendid stock county, because of the native cover of a heavy and nutritious grass. Unlike some other parts of the state, the livestock industry did not die out. In the early 20th century, the county was known for pure-bred stock raising, dairying, and the production of hogs and poultry.
While there is some broken land around the Sheep Bluffs, in the northwestern part of the county, and east of the Yellowstone, smooth prairies and rolling land predominated in the county, making conditions excellent for farming purposes. The dark sandy loam soil, with a heavy clay subsoil, was a big producer.
The principal crops in the early years of the 20th century were barley, oats and wheat. Sixty per cent of the land was tillable, and the remainder afforded good grazing. As of 1920, the headgates of the Lower Yellowstone Irrigation Project, which irrigated approximately 90,000 acres, were located at Intake, in Dawson County, and further irrigation was planned. Unirrigated land was also producing excellent crops, with up to 400 bushels of potatoes in one acre of unirrigated land. In 1915, Dawson County won first and second prizes on Northwestern Dent corn at the St. Paul Corn Show, and in December of the following year, at the First National Corn Show, held at the same city, took first and second prizes and three third prizes. In 1920, it was estimated that the acreage planted in corn in Dawson County alone was as great as the corn acreage for the entire state in 1910.
Education
Dawson Community College is located in Glendive.
Communities
City
Glendive (county seat)
Town
Richey
Census-designated place
West Glendive
Unincorporated communities
* Bloomfield
Lindsay
See also
List of lakes in Dawson County, Montana
List of mountains in Dawson County, Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dawson County, Montana
Footnotes
Further reading
Tom Stout (ed.), Montana, Its Story and Biography: A History of Aboriginal and Territorial Montana and Three Decades of Statehood: Volume 1. Chicago: American Historical Society, 1921.
Our Lives, Our Times: Dawson County Family Stories. Glendive MT: Dawson County Tree Branches, 1989.
1869 establishments in Montana Territory
Populated places established in 1869
Kahrud (, also Romanized as Kahrūd and Kohrūd; also known as Kahrūd-e Bālā) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 42 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Woodrow Green, Jr. (born June 20, 1951) is a former American football running back who played for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League. Green was drafted by the Chiefs in the first round of the 1974 NFL Draft.  They are an alumnus of, set many rushing records, and was a first-team AP all-American while at Arizona State University. Green appeared on the front cover of the Sports Illustrated November 18, 1974 issue. Their NFL career was shortened because of multiple knee injuries/surgeries.
College statistics
1971: 208 for 1,209 and 9 TD
1972: 209 for 1,363 and 15 TD, 9 catches for 115, consensus All-American
1973: 184 for 1,182 and 9 TD, 22 catches for 328 and 5 TD, consensus All-American, finished eight in Heisman Trophy voting
References
1951 births
Living people
American football running backs
Arizona State Sun Devils football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
All-American college football players
People from Columbia County, Oregon
Players of American football from Portland, Oregon
Jillaroo may refer to:
Jillaroo (trainee), young woman in training on a cattle station or sheep station in Australia
Australia women's national rugby league team in international competition
Australian women's under 21 field hockey; see Australian national sports team nicknames
See also
Jackaroo (disambiguation)
Cowgirl (disambiguation)
Gillaroo, trout species found in Ireland
Australian English
ʻAbdul-Ḥusayn Nūshīn Kohrāsāni (; 11 February 1907 – 2 May 1971) was an Iranian playwright, theatre director and translator. They were one of the first people who introduced western style theatre to Iran.
They were also, along many other intellectuals and writers, one of the founders of the Tudeh Party of Iran.
References
External link
1907 births
1971 deaths
Iranian theatre directors
Iranian dramatists and playwrights
Iranian translators
20th-century translators
Shahnameh Researchers
Iranian exiles
Central Committee of the Tudeh Party of Iran members
"Fulanito" is a song by American singer Becky G and Dominican rapper El Alfa. It was released by Kemosabe Records, RCA Records and Sony Music Latin on June 4, 2021, as the second single from Gomez's second studio album, Esquemas (2022). A dance for the song became viral on the app TikTok.
Music video
The music video was released alongside the song on June 4. The music video was directed by both and shot in Miami, Florida.
Live performances
Becky G and El Alfa performed "Fulanito" together for the first time at the 2021 Premios Juventud on July 22, 2021.
Charts
Weekly charts
Certifications
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Becky G songs
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by Becky G
Songs written by Nate Campany
Songs written by Elena Rose
El Alfa songs
Djam Leelii is the first widely distributed album of Senegalese musician Baaba Maal and guitarist Mansour Seck. Several of the tracks have been released on Baaba Maal's later releases. It was originally recorded in 1984 and released in 1989 by Mango Records. A 1998 edition from Palm Records raised the number of tracks to twelve. The album was featured in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Reception
Reviewer J. Poet of AllMusic commented that "Two guitars, accented by a bit of African percussion and some tasty electric fills by Aziz Dieng, produce pure magic".
Track listing
All tracks by Baaba Maal
"Lam Tooro" – 6:40
"Loodo" – 6:11
"Muudo Hormo" – 6:13
"Salminanam" – 4:29
"Maacina Tooro" – 5:49
"Djam Leelii" – 6:02
"Bibbe Leydy" – 6:27
"Sehilam" – 6:24
"Kettodee" – 4:54
"Ko Wone Mayo" – 9:29 †
"Daande Lenol" – 4:34 †
"Taara" – 5:23 †
† The last 3 tracks were absent from the original release.
Personnel
Baaba Maal, Mansour Seck - vocals, acoustic guitars
Aziz Dieng - electric guitar
Mamad Kouyate - kora (harp-lute)
Jombo Kouyate - balafon (idiophone)
Papa Dieye - percussion
References
External links
https://www.allmusic.com/album/djam-leelii-mw0000201376
Djam Leelii (Adobe Flash) at Radio3Net (streamed copy where licensed)
1989 albums
Baaba Maal albums
Mango Records albums
Cristofali is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adriano Cristofali (1717-1788), Veronese architect, whose style bridged between Enlightenment-Baroque and Neoclassicism
Bartolomeo Cristofori (1655-1731), Italian maker of musical instruments famous for inventing the piano
See also
Cristóbal (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Matthew Cornock (23 June 1890 – 1961), also commonly known as Matt Cornock, was a Scottish footballer who played in the Scottish Football League for Stenhousemuir, Albion Rovers, Forfar Athletic and Queen of the South and in the English Football League for Barnsley. A centre forward or inside forward, Cornock also played non-league football in England and Junior football in Scotland.
Early life and career
Cornock was born in Chapelhall, near Airdrie in Lanarkshire. They played football for a local club and then joined Division One club Airdrieonians in May 1909. At the end of their first season with the club, during which they failed to play a competitive first-team match, they were listed as open to transfer. After making an appearance for Airdrieonians in a benefit match in September 1910, Cornock moved into English non-league football three weeks later.
Football in England
They signed for North-Eastern League club Darlington. The transfer was not completed in time for them to play in the first qualifying round of the 1910–11 FA Cup, in which Darlington won 1–0 away at Hartlepools United, but was a regular at centre forward as they progressed through five more qualifying rounds. They eliminated First Division Sheffield United to reach the second round proper, and Cornock scored the winning goal against Second Division club Bradford to take their team into the last 16, an achievement which remains the club's joint best performance in the competition. A profile in the Athletic News ahead of that match described them as "strong and bustling" with a forceful shot. Darlington were eventually eliminated by Swindon Town, who were to finish the season as Southern League champions. Cornock played regularly throughout the season, and scored six times in North-Eastern League competition.
They joined Second Division club Barnsley in May 1911 for a £25 fee, and performed well in pre-season. After their opening two fixtures brought criticism of the forwards, Barnsley omitted George Travers for the visit to Birmingham, moved George Lillycrop across to inside right, and gave Cornock their Football League debut at centre forward. Having justified their selection with two goals in a 3–1 win, they kept their place for five of the next six matches, and scored three more goals, but after two further appearances without scoring, Travers returned to the side and remained in it. Cornock was included in the 13-man training squad that prepared for FA Cup matches as Barnsley went on to win the competition, but did not make the team, although they did make a further six appearances in league competition. Barnsley chose not to retain Cornock's services, and they moved on to Midland League club Castleford Town.
Return to Scotland
By 1919, they had returned to Scotland and was playing for Bellshill Athletic. They "did not exactly shine" on their debut in September, and by January 1921 had moved on to Plean Juniors, where they created a better impression. They appeared in junior international trial matches, playing for the Rest of Scotland against Fifeshire in January and for a national Junior Select against Midlothian in March, and at the end of the 1920–21 season, was selected for the Scottish Junior international tour of Norway.
In March, Cornock was reported to have "no intention of accepting the senior ticket", but in the close season, they did so, signing for Stenhousemuir, who were making their Scottish League debut in the first post-war Division Two seasons. They played in something more than half the league matches, and scored at a rate of a goal every other game, but in their third season, in which they played mainly at inside left rather than their customary centre-forward role, they lost form, produced only 8 goals from 28 appearances, and was not offered a new contract. The Falkirk Herald suggested that they might have been trying too hard: "a wholehearted player was Cornock, and oftener than not over-anxiety was their undoing."
They signed for Albion Rovers, also of Division Two, for the 1924–25 season, but was not there long. After playing just nine matches and scoring five goals, three of which came against their former club Stenhousemuir, Cornock signed for another Division Two clubs, Forfar Athletic, against whom they had scored four times in the first twenty minutes of a match two years previously while playing for Stenhousemuir. They scored a hat-trick on their debut, in a 3–1 home defeat of Dumbarton on 28 December, but after playing in the next seven fixtures without scoring, they were not persevered with. They joined Queen of the South for 1925–26, but soon lost their place to the returning Willie McCall, and made only two appearances.
Cornock died in 1961.
Notes
References
1890 births
1961 deaths
Footballers from North Lanarkshire
Scottish footballers
Scotland junior international footballers
Association football forwards
Airdrieonians F.C. (1878) players
Darlington F.C. players
Barnsley F.C. players
Castleford Town F.C. players
Bellshill Athletic F.C. players
Stenhousemuir F.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Queen of the South F.C. players
English Football League players
Midland Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Scottish Football League players
ugly slug.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 2011
Dobrosav “Bob” Živković (; born in 1962 in Pirot, Serbia) is a Serbian illustrator living in Belgrade.
Biography
They graduated in 1987 at the Faculty of Applied Arts in Belgrade.
Their works were acknowledged early during their studies, and were published in student magazines Student (1982) and Vidici (1982).
In early eighties they became known as a Science Fiction and Fantasy illustrator. Their illustrations were published on the covers of novels of "Znak Sagite" imprint, Science Fiction and Fantasy Almanac "Monolit" and magazine "Alef", later in Politikin Zabavnik.
Their career shifted to artwork for children, in magazines "Tik-Tak" and "Zeka" (1987–1998). They created a popular children's comic strip Jajzi that ran in "Tik-Tak". Their true breakthrough came as they became a regular illustrator for "Politikin zabavnik".
In late nineties Živković was Art Director and premier illustrator of Saatchi & Saatchi offices in Serbia and Slovenia. They continue working in advertising business as well as a freelancer illustrator.
 They are a promoter of environment awareness, children's rights, and often draws for humanitarian non-profits.
Most of their work in the last two decades was for "Creative Centre" publishing house (more than a hundred books, translated into over 40 languages), and helped build their recognizable brand.
Selected works
Cover of Serbian edition of Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings" (Fellowship of the Ring, The Two Towers, Return of the King)
Cover for Serbian edition of Stephen King's "It"
"National park Serbia", with Dragoljub Ljubičić
"Sex for beginners", with Jasminka Petrović (sample)
"School", with Jasminka Petrović (sample)
Belgrade Zoo — "Good Hope Garden" campaign
"Smart Book for Mum and Dad" for Serbian UNICEF (in Serbian and English)
Awards
Three “Lazar Komarčić” awards for best science-fiction related artwork (1985, 1986. and 1988.)
Five “Neven” awards for best illustrated children's book (given by “Prijatelji dece Srbije”, a children's rights organisation)
Two “Zlatno pero Beograda” Awards (an award given by ULUPUDUS, An Assosciaton of visual and applied artists and designers)
Nominated for 2011 Hans Christian Andersen Award given by IBBY
References
External links
Creative centre publishing house
Znak Sagite magazine's page on Bob
www.bobzivkovic.com - offline
official Facebook page
Bob's Wonderful Art on Tumblr
Serbian cartoonists
Serbian comics artists
Serbian comics writers
1962 births
Living people
People from Pirot
Stephen Penford Lock (born 8 April 1929) is an English haematologist and editor who served as editor-in-chief of medical trade journal the BMJ from 1975 to 1991. A prominent scholar of the peer review process, they coined the term "journalology" to refer to the scientific study of the academic publishing process. In 1990, Eugene Garfield described them as "an elder statesman of biomedical editing".
Lock was educated at Queens' College, Cambridge, and St Bartholomew's Hospital Medical College, where they trained in haematology. They worked at St Bartholomew's Hospital, the Hospital for Sick Children, and other hospitals before joining the BMJ. They originally began working at the BMJ in 1964 as an assistant editor, and they were promoted to the positions of senior assistant editor and deputy editor before becoming editor-in-chief in 1975.
In 1982, while editor of the BMJ, they introduced its Christmas edition, which contained many humorous articles, as well as interesting historical stories about medicine. This light-hearted edition has since become an annual tradition. They also changed the journal's peer review system by introducing a "hanging committee", consisting of two clinicians and two of the journal's official editors; the committee was responsible for choosing papers to publish in the BMJ from a pool of submissions recommended from outside reviewers.
They were a co-founder of the Vancouver Group (later the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors), as well as a former president of the European Association of Science Editors.
References
Further reading
1929 births
Living people
Medical journal editors
British haematologists
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
Alumni of the Medical College of St Bartholomew's Hospital
British editors
Siah Kuh (, also Romanized as Sīāh Kūh) is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Amlash County
The 15th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was held during 2–19 December 1927 in Moscow. It was attended by 898 delegates with a casting vote and 771 with a consultative vote.
History
Background
In October 1927, the last Left Opposition members were expelled from the Central Committee elected by the 14th Congress, and in November 1927 Leon Trotsky and Grigory Zinoviev were expelled from the Party itself.
Repudiation of the United Opposition
The 15th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) was convened in Moscow on 2 December 1927. This marked the first Soviet Communist Party Congress in two years, this despite the fact that party regulations called for annual meetings. The gathering was retrospectively remembered as the "Congress of the Collectivization of Agriculture and of the Socialist Offensive on All Fronts" in the official party history of 1962, although a major part of time spent by the gathering related to internal party politics and the final ritualistic repudiation of the United Opposition of Trotsky, Zinoviev, and their supporters, effectively ending a two-year factional war.
Oppositionists Christian Rakovsky and Lev Kamenev held brief speeches in front of the Congress. Rakovsky's speech was interrupted fifty-seven times by their opponents, including Nikolai Bukharin, Martemyan Ryutin, and Lazar Kaganovich. Although, unlike Rakovsky, Kamenev used the occasion to appeal for reconciliation, they were nevertheless interrupted twenty-four times by the same group.
Theses on Industrialization
The Central Committee adopted a set of theses regarding industrialization which had been prepared in October 1927 by the Central Committee.
Election of a new Central Committee
The 15th Congress elected a new Central Committee to govern activities of the Communist Party during the period in between Congresses.
Central Committee: 71 members, 50 candidates to Central Committee membership
Central Revision Commission: 9 members
Central Control Commission: 195 members
Footnotes
Further reading
J.V. Stalin, The Fifteenth Congress of the CPSU(b), 2-19 December 1927, Works: Volume 10. Moscow: Foreign Languages Publishing House, 1954 pp. 275–382.
External links
Report of the Fifteenth Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, described as "official report with decisions and discussions."
Fifteenth Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolshevik) at the Great Soviet Encyclopedia (1979)
Communist Party of the Soviet Union 14
Congress
1927 conferences
December 1927 events
Pallig Tokesen (died 13 November 1002) was a Danish chieftain. According to the 'A' Translation of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle they were recruited to help Ethelred II, however upon the arrival of a significant Viking force in Devon in 1001 they deserted Ethelred and instead threw in their lot with the raiders. As the Chronicle relates:
"And they went thence west until they came to Devon; and there Paley [Pallig] came to meet them, with the ships which they could gather, because they had fled from king Ethelred, contrary to all the plighted troth that they had given him; and the king had also well gifted them with houses, and with gold and with silver. And they burned Teignton, and also many other good towns which we are unable to name; and there, afterwards, peace was made with them"
Later tradition credits them as the Earldoman of Devon however there seems to be little contemporary support for this position. Yorke only refers to them as a Viking Leader, not as an Earldoman.
 They are said to have been killed in the St. Brice's Day massacre, along with their wife Gunhilde, daughter of Harald Bluetooth of Denmark and sister of Sweyn Forkbeard. Like their rank, this appears to be a later addition.
Sweyn's invasions from 1002 may have been partly in revenge for the murder of their sister. It has been proposed that it was actually Pallig's desertion that led to the St. Brice's Day Masscre, and that the slaughter was partly Æthelred's revenge.
Notes
1002 deaths
Danish emigrants to England
Year of birth unknown
People from Devon
10th-century births
Al Bidda SC is a Qatari football team representing the Al Bidda district of Doha City playing in the Qatari Second Division. It was officially granted club status by the Qatar Football Association in September 2018, allowing it to participate in the 2018–19 season of the Qatari Second Division.
Current squad
As of Qatari Second Division:
References
External links
Al Bidda SC at Mundial11.com
Bidda
2015 establishments in Qatar
Association football clubs established in 2015
Alicia Boole Stott (8 June 1860 – 17 December 1940) was an Irish mathematician. Despite never holding an academic position, they made a number of valuable contributions to the field, receiving an honorary doctorate from the University of Groningen.  They are best known for introducing the term "polytope" for a convex solid in four (or more) dimensions, and having an impressive grasp of four-dimensional geometry from a very early age.
Early life
Alicia Boole was born in Cork, Ireland, the third daughter and one of five siblings of English parents; mathematician and logician George Boole and Mary Everest Boole, a self-taught mathematician and educationalist. Other of their sisters were notable in their own right. Lucy Everest Boole was a chemist and pharmacist and Ethel Lilian Voynich was a novelist. After their father's sudden death in 1864, the family moved to London, where their mother became the librarian at Queen's College, London. They attended the school attached to Queens' College with one of their sisters, but never attended university. They were known to their friends and family as Alice, though they always published under the name Alicia.
Early career
Alicia was the only Boole sister to inherit the mathematical career of their parents, although their mother Mary Everest Boole had brought up all of their five children from an early age 'to acquaint them with the flow of geometry' by projecting shapes onto paper, hanging pendulums etc. They were first exposed to geometric models by their brother-in-law Charles Howard Hinton when they were 17, and developed the ability to visualise in a fourth dimension. They found that there were exactly six regular polytopes in four dimensions and that they are bounded by 5, 16 or 600 tetrahedra, 8 cubes, 24 octahedra or 120 dodecahedra. That discovery had been made by Ludwig Schläfli before 1850 but their work was as yet unpublished, and in any case Alicia had no opportunity to study mathematics. They introduced the term polytope because they did not know Schläfli's term polyscheme. They produced three-dimensional central cross-sections of all the six regular polytopes by purely Euclidean constructions and synthetic methods for the simple reason that they had never learned any analytic geometry. They made cardboard models of all these sections.
Later career
After taking up secretarial work near Liverpool in 1889 they met and married Walter Stott, an actuary, in 1890. They had two children together, Mary (1891–1982) and Leonard (1892–1963). Stott learned of Pieter Schoute's work on central sections of the regular polytopes in 1895. Schoute came to England and worked with Alicia Stott, persuading them to publish their results which they did in two papers published in Amsterdam in 1900 and 1910.
The University of Groningen honoured them by inviting them to attend the tercentenary celebrations of the university and awarding them an honorary doctorate in 1914. After Schoute's death in 1913 Alicia took a hiatus from mathematical work.
In 1930 they were introduced by their nephew Geoffrey Ingram Taylor to Harold Scott MacDonald Coxeter and they worked together on various problems. Alicia made two further important discoveries relating to constructions for polyhedra related to the golden section. They presented a joint paper with Coxeter at the University of Cambridge. Coxeter later wrote, "The strength and simplicity of their character combined with the diversity of their interests to make them an inspiring friend."
Legacy
Alicia died in Middlesex in 1940. In spring 2001, a paper roll of coloured drawings of polyhedra was found at Groningen University. Though unsigned, it was immediately recognised as Alicia's work. It led to research by Irene Polo-Blanco, who dedicated a chapter to Alicia's work in their book Theory and History of Mathematical Models (2007). The pioneering spirit of grandfather and mother continued in their son Leonard, who assisted in tuberculosis treatment and invented an artificial pneumothorax apparatus.
Publications (external links)
A. Boole Stott: Geometrical deduction of semiregular from regular polytopes and space fillings, Verhandelingen van de Koninklijke Akademie van Wetenschappen, Verhandelingen Natuurkunde, Eerste Sectie, deel 11, nummer 1 (1910), 1–24. Amsterdam, 1910.
All publications by A. Boole Stott (as an author and as a co-author) with the Koninklijke Akademie van Wetenschappen
Citations
References
Other external links
1860 births
1940 deaths
19th-century English mathematicians
20th-century English mathematicians
British women mathematicians
People from Cork (city)
People from London
Geometers
University of Groningen alumni
20th-century women mathematicians
Chico Hot Springs are located near Pray, Montana. It is approximately 30 miles north of Yellowstone National Park. Beginning in 1900, the natural hot springs have been gradually turned into a vacation resort.
Location
Chico Hot Springs is located at , el. and resides in Park County, Montana, in Paradise Valley.
Hot springs
The hot springs are associated with a deep fracture zone, it is not clear if they related to the nearby Yellowstone Hot Spot. The hot mineral water emerges from the ground at 113°F (45°C), at 37 gallons per minute. Currently, there are a couple of developed pools that collect the water from the springs for the use of paying resort guests. These private pools range in temperature from 104 degrees Fahrenheit to 96 degrees Fahrenheit depending on the geothermal activity.
History
Native Americans were the first people to use the Hot Springs; they primarily used it for bathing and laundry. On Jan 16, 1865, John S. Hackney, a miner, wrote, "I went out to the hot springs and washed my dirty 'duds." This was the first recorded writing about the Hot Springs. By the year 1876, the hot water was used for different purposes. Mr. Randall, also a miner, erected some hot houses for a garden they had planted. The hot water that flowed underneath their crops provided a prime growing environment.
In 1900, Bill and Percie Knowles, built Chico Warm Springs Hotel. The inn consisted of a 'plunge' pool and a full service dining area. Mr. Knowles operated the hotel until their death on April 22, 1910. This left the widow Percie Knowles in charge of the hotel operations. Under their guidance, the hotel continued to flourish. They hired a physician named Dr. George A. Townsend in June 1912 who promoted the healing properties of the thermal spring water that allegedly cured internal ailments such as kidney disease, as well as relieved rheumatism, and external ailments such as skin problems. The doctor's fame spread at such a rate that the resort needed additional boarding. By 1916, a hospital wing of 20 rooms was added on to the hotel. On July 1, 1925, Dr. Townsend left their services at the Hot Springs behind, leaving Mrs. Knowles to run the hotel on their own. By the early 1930s, the hospital wing had been torn down due to decreasing business at the hotel. These challenging times took their toll on Mrs. Knowles' health, and they left the operations in the late 1930s. They were diagnosed with mental illness and sent to a state hospital where they died. Them son Radbourne and their wife Agnes Sophia took over the business. They sold the business in 1948. In the years following, the property became a guest ranch, road house, church camp, as well as other uses.
Current times
All of the original buildings have deteriorated or been torn down, with the exception of the historic inn. Owners Mike and Eva Art rebuilt the property in 1973 to what it is today. Some of the newer buildings consist of modern looking cabins and suites. During the years the Art's owned the property there were several famous guests including Steve McQueen, Ali MacGraw, Dennis Quaid, Jeff Bridges and George McGovern. The organic garden produces fresh herbs and vegetables year round from "the geothermally heated greenhouse, built in 1996." In 2016, the Arts sold Chico to the property's long-time manager Colin Davis in 2016.
In June 2014 officials from the Department of Environmental Quality detected a groundwater seep from a hillside near the resort. To mitigate the possibility of pathogens from the surface water seep entering the aquifer water, they issued a boil water order. A filtration system was installed for drinking water, and to seep did not seem to affect the hot springs water quality.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Park County, Montana
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Resorts in the United States
Hot springs of Montana
1900 establishments in Montana
Hotel buildings completed in 1900
Tourist attractions in Park County, Montana
Sarkies is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sarkies Brothers, hoteliers
Duncan Sarkies, New Zealand screenwriter and playwright
Kristian Sarkies (born 1986), Australian soccer player
Robert Sarkies (born 1967), New Zealand film director and screenwriter
See also
Sarkis (disambiguation)
Lucien Tremblay (March 25, 1912 – June 4, 1985) was the Chief Justice of Quebec from 1961 to 1977.
Born in Verdun, Quebec, Tremblay was educated at the Université de Montréal. They were professor of civil procedure at the Université de Montréal from 1950 to 1959. From 1961 to 1977 they were Chief Justice of Quebec. They were Chancellor of the Université de Montréal from 1967 to 1970.
References
1912 births
1985 deaths
Judges in Quebec
Université de Montréal Faculty of Law alumni
Université de Montréal faculty
People from Verdun, Quebec
The Hugo Award for Best Related Work is one of the Hugo Awards given each year for primarily non-fiction works related to science fiction or fantasy, published or translated into English during the previous calendar year. The Hugo Awards have been described as "a fine showcase for speculative fiction" and "the best known literary award for science fiction writing".
It was originally titled the Hugo Award for Best Non-Fiction Book and was first awarded in 1980. In 1999 the Award was retitled to the Hugo Award for Best Related Book, and eligibility was officially expanded to fiction works that were primarily noteworthy for reasons besides their fictional aspects. In 2010, the title of the award was again changed, to the Hugo Award for Best Related Work. In addition to the regular Hugo awards, beginning in 1996 Retrospective Hugo Awards, or "Retro Hugos", have been available to be awarded for years 50, 75, or 100 years prior in which no awards were given. The Retro Best Related Work Hugo was awarded for 1954, 50 years later, but had not been awarded for any other year due to insufficient nominations, eventually reappearing in 2020 for 1945.
During the 45 nomination years, 236 individuals and 1 organization have had works nominated; 56 people and 1 organization have won, including co-authors and Retro Hugos. John Clute has won four times; once by himself, once with John Grant as a co-author, once with Peter Nicholls, and once with Nicholls, David Langford, and Graham Sleight. Nicholls has won a third time, and Grant has won a second time, sharing the award with their co-authors Elizabeth L. Humphrey and Pamela D. Scoville. Thomas Disch and Ursula K. Le Guin have also won twice, both without co-authors; no other author has won more than once. The Organization for Transformative Works was the organization that won, for its Archive of Our Own fanwork repository. Cathy and Arnie Fenner have been nominated eight times for their work on writing and editing the Spectrum: The Best In Contemporary Fantastic Art series, both the most nominations received by any author/editor and the most nominations without winning. Clute has been nominated seven times and Farah Mendlesohn seven times with one win; Le Guin five times with two wins; Isaac Asimov and Langford four times with one win; and Mike Resnick four times with no wins. The Writing Excuses team, consisting of Brandon Sanderson, Dan Wells, Howard Tayler, Mary Robinette Kowal, and Jordan Sanderson, have been nominated four times and won once. Seven other authors have been nominated three times. Many of these writers, editors, and artists have won Hugos in other categories, from Fan Writer to Best Novel.
Selection
Hugo Award nominees and winners are chosen by supporting or attending members of the annual non-profit World Science Fiction Convention, or Worldcon, and the presentation evening constitutes its central event. The selection process is defined in the World Science Fiction Society Constitution as instant-runoff voting with six nominees, except in the case of a tie. The works on the ballot are the six most-nominated by members that year, with no limit on the number of works that can be nominated. Initial nominations are made by members in January through March, while voting on the ballot of six nominations is performed roughly in April through July, subject to change depending on when that year's Worldcon is held. Prior to 2017, the final ballot was five works; it was changed that year to six, with each initial nominator limited to five nominations. Worldcons are generally held near the start of September, and are held in a different city around the world each year. Members are permitted to vote "no award", if they feel that none of the nominees is deserving of the award that year, and in the case that "no award" takes the majority the Hugo is not given in that category. This happened in the Best Related Work category in 2015 and 2016.
Winners and nominees
In the following table, the years correspond to the date of the ceremony, rather than when the work was first published. Each date links to the "year in literature" article corresponding with when the work was eligible. Entries with a blue background and an asterisk (*) next to the author's name have won the award; those with a white background are the nominees on the short-list.
* Winners and joint winners
+ No winner selected
Retro Hugos
Beginning with the 1996 Worldcon, the World Science Fiction Society created the concept of "Retro Hugos", in which the Hugo award could be retroactively awarded for 50, 75, or 100 years prior. Retro Hugos may only be awarded for years after 1939 in which no awards were originally given. The Hugo Award for Best Related Work has only been retroactively awarded twice, in 2004 and 2020; all other years it was not on the ballot or was dropped due to insufficient response.
Notes
References
External links
Hugo Awards official site
Related Work
Antirrhinum kelloggii (syn. Neogaerrhinum kelloggii) is a species of New World snapdragon known by the common name Kellogg's snapdragon.
Distribution
It is native to the coastal hills and mountain ranges of California and Baja California. It grows in many local plant communities, especially in areas that have recently burned.
Description
This is a thin, sprawling annual herb which sometimes becomes vine-like, climbing nearby objects or other plants. The inflorescence consists of a solitary flower on a very long, strongly coiling pedicel up to 9 centimeters long. The flower at the tip is a dark-veined purple snapdragon over a centimeter wide. The fruit is a dehiscent capsule containing many bumpy seeds.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Photo gallery
Photo gallery (as N. strictum)
kelloggii
Flora of Baja California
Flora of California
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Ed Burke (Edward Andrew Burke; born March 4, 1940) is an American hammer thrower best known for carrying the flag of the United States at the Olympics in Los Angeles 1984. They competed at the 1964, 1968 and 1984 Olympics and placed 7th, 12th and 18th, respectively. They set their personal best in 1984, aged 44.
Burke came to the 1968 Summer Olympics as a favorite, after setting the U.S. record of 235' 11" at the 1967 AAU Championships in Bakersfield, California (the same meet Jim Ryun ran their long standing 3:51.1 mile record), then the number two performance in history. After being (unjustly) called for a foul on their first two throws, they were so disappointed in their results that they retired from the sport following the Olympics. In 1979, they watched the World Cup on television with their daughters who had never seen dad throw. They marveled at the relative small size of champion Sergei Litvinov (URS). Just shy of their 40th birthday, they decided to give the Hammer one more whirl. After training they made the United States team at the first IAAF World Championships, and achieved their lifetime best of 243' 11" in the process of qualifying for their third Olympics at age 44 (a feat their contemporary Al Oerter also attempted and failed that year). They were the first American to achieve qualifying for Olympic teams 20 years apart (since equaled by Francie Larrieu-Smith, also from the San Jose area, in 1992). Being the oldest member of the team and a remarkable story, they were selected to carry the flag, which they did with one hand, in the hometown Olympic Opening Ceremonies by the team captains.
Ed Burke attended college at San Jose State University.
Promoting throwing
Following the Olympics, they again retired to tend the Los Gatos Athletic Club. They joined fellow Olympian, Discus Thrower Mac Wilkins in forming Explorer Post 813 in San Jose, California, dedicated to introducing boys and girls to the art of throwing. They constructed throwing cages next to Highway 85, enlisting the help of other world-class athletes training in the San Jose area. 30 graduates of their program have gone on to throw for NCAA Division I schools, two of them Dave Popejoy and Kevin McMahon made U.S. Olympic teams.
Masters
21 years after their second retirement, Burke returned to competition in the 65-year-old division. and promptly set the world record for their age division. After turning 70 in 2010, they did it again in their new age division.
Achievements
References
1940 births
American male hammer throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
Living people
World record holders in masters athletics
American masters athletes
People from Ukiah, California
Track and field athletes from San Jose, California
San Jose State Spartans men's track and field athletes
Anstead is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ant Anstead, English television presenter
Harry Lee Anstead (born 1939), Justice of the Florida Supreme Court from 1994 to 2009
Nick Anstead, academic, currently a Politics lecturer at the University of East Anglia
Walter Anstead, English cricketer
See also
Anstead, Queensland, outer suburb of Brisbane, Australia, named after the original landowner John Anstead
Ansted (disambiguation)
English-language surnames
James Fall was Archdeacon of Cleveland from their installation on 7 December 1700 until their death on 12 June 1711.
Fall was educated at the University of St Andrews and migrated to University of Cambridge in 1698. They were ordained in 1720. They were Canon and Precentor of York from 1691 until their death.
References
17th-century English Anglican priests
18th-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Archdeacons of Cleveland
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
1711 deaths
¡Uno! (stylized in all caps) is the ninth studio album by American rock band Green Day, released on September 21, 2012, by Reprise Records. It is the first of three albums in the ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, ¡Tré! trilogy, a series of studio albums released from September 2012 to December 2012. Green Day recorded the album from February to June 2012 at Jingletown Studios in Oakland, California. This is the band's first album recorded as a quartet, as touring guitarist Jason White became an official member of the band prior to the recording sessions. White's tenure as an official member lasted until 2016.
Artwork of the album was revealed in a video uploaded to YouTube and the track list of the album, which consist of 12 songs was announced on June 26, 2012. The first single from the album, titled "Oh Love", was released on July 16, 2012. The second single "Kill the DJ" was released on European iTunes Stores on August 14, 2012. The third single "Let Yourself Go" was released on the US iTunes Store on September 5, 2012, and a promotional single "Nuclear Family" was released on their YouTube channel on September 12, 2012. A music video for "Stay the Night" was released on Rolling Stone and their YouTube channel on September 24, 2012.
¡Uno! received generally positive reviews from music critics. It debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 139,000 copies. The album also reached the top 10 of charts in numerous other countries.
Background and recording
In February 2012, Billie Joe Armstrong announced that the band was in the studio, recording material for a new album. In the statement, they said, "We are at the most prolific and creative time in our lives... This is the best music we've ever written, and the songs just keep coming. Instead of making one album, we are making a three album trilogy. Every song has the power and energy that represents Green Day on all emotional levels. We just can't help ourselves ... We are going epic as fuck!"
The band started work by rehearsing every other day and making songs. They recorded the album at Jingletown Studios in Oakland, California. The band recorded 37 songs and initially thought of making a double album. Armstrong suggested making a trilogy of albums like Van Halen's Van Halen I, Van Halen II and Van Halen III. They stated in an interview, "The songs just kept coming, kept coming. I'd go, Maybe a double album? No, that's too much nowadays. Then more songs kept coming. And one day, I sprung it on the others: 'Instead of Van Halen I, II and III, what if it's Green Day I, II and III and we all have our faces on each cover?'"
Writing and composition
In an interview to Rolling Stone, Armstrong stated that the theme of ¡Uno! would be different from that of 21st Century Breakdown and American Idiot, and would not be a third rock opera. They added that music on the record would be "punchier, more power pop – somewhere between AC/DC and the early Beatles" than the band's previous albums. They also stated that a few songs on the album would also sound like garage rock and dance music. According to Armstrong, the song "Kill the DJ" was "straight-up dance music" and "four-on-the-floor rhythm", which the band has never done before.
According to music critic David Fricke, ¡Uno! is a power pop album less polemic and conceptual than American Idiot or 21st Century Breakdown, and Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that its music is exclusively power pop and three-chord rock songs. It was also characterized as pop punk by Scott Kara of The New Zealand Herald and Robert Cooke of The Fly, while Scott Heisel of the Alternative Press said that ¡Uno! is a punk rock album. Annie Zaleski of Las Vegas Weekly labeled it as both a pop-punk and pop record.
Release and promotion
In April 2012, Green Day announced through a press release it would be releasing a trilogy of albums titled ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré! and stated that they would be released on September 25, 2012, November 13, 2012, and January 15, 2013 (later moved up to December 11, 2012), respectively, through Reprise Records. ¡Uno!, the first album from the trilogy, was released on September 24, 2012, in the United Kingdom and on September 25 in the United States.
Artwork
Green Day stated in an interview that each album from the trilogy ¡Uno! ¡Dos! ¡Tré! has a face from the band members on their cover.
The band uploaded a trailer for the album on their official channel on YouTube showing the band in the recording studio, recording the album with the songs written on an Erse board on June 14, 2012. During the trailer the cover artwork for the album was revealed. It features a black-and-white cutout of Billie Joe Armstrong's face, with their eyes crossed-out with pink X's, on a geometric, neon electric green background. The word "Green Day" is loudly splashed in pink across the top of the cover, while the word "¡Uno!" is sprawled in white in the lower left-hand corner.
Singles
"Oh Love", was released as the first single from ¡Uno!. It was released as the lead single on July 16, 2012. Upon its release as the lead song, "Oh Love" debuted on multiple world charts. The song made its debut at number one on the US Rock Songs with 13 million audience impressions at 145 reporting stations. The song is the band's first to debut at number one on the charts and the third song ever to debut at number one on the Rock Songs chart, following Linkin Park's "The Catalyst" and Foo Fighters' "Rope" which made their debuts at number one on August 21, 2010, and March 12, 2011, respectively. It also reached No. 3 on the US Alternative Songs.
"Kill the DJ" was released as the second single from the album in Europe and Oceania on August 14, 2012. The single premiered on Zane Lowe's show on BBC Radio 1 in the UK the day before its release. The next day, the single was made available on the iTunes Store.
"Let Yourself Go" was released as the third single from ¡Uno! on September 5, 2012. The song was performed live at the MTV Video Music Awards on September 6, 2012. It charted at No. 2 on the UK Rock Chart.
"Nuclear Family" was released as a promotional single in conjunction with Yahoo! and Spotify on September 11, 2012. The song was made available to stream for free through Spotify. A video for the song featuring the band playing it in a studio debuted on Yahoo! Music and the band's official YouTube channel the same day. A similar video of the band performing "Stay the Night" was released on Rolling Stones website on September 23, 2012. The video is included with the deluxe edition of ¡Uno! on iTunes. On October 6, the band uploaded the video of them performing "Troublemaker".
On August 4, 2017, Green Day issued a re-released version of "Fell for You" called "Fell for You (Otis Mix)", which amplified specific instrumental elements of the original song.
Critical reception
¡Uno! received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 67, based on 32 reviews. In their review for Rolling Stone, David Fricke complimented the album's "12 blasts of hook-savvy mosh-pit pop" and found it to be a "plain relief" after the "weight and worry" of the band's previous two albums, observing "a hipper, richer grip in the details." Melissa Maerz of Entertainment Weekly called the album "a welcome switch from high concept to high energy." Kerrang! magazine called it "a sharp and often exhilarating change of gear from the Green Day of the past eight years." BBC Music's Ian Winwood called it "a work of masterfully controlled music." Mojo recommended it to fans of the band's 1994 album Dookie and stated, "your favourite slacker-punks are, briefly, back." Scott Heisel of Alternative Press praised its "loud, fast, catchy-as-fuck punk rock" and wrote that its "stripped down instrumentation" and "more direct lyrics" are "mutually beneficial." Jason Heller of The A.V. Club commented that "filler abounds, and it doesn't land with quite as much delirious abandon as it once did, but Armstrong's power-pop impulse can still pack a face-splitting punch." AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine felt that its "big, crisp, and clean" sound "undercuts some of the punkiness of Green Day's intentions", but complimented their "attack" as "precise" and wrote that the "huge" hooks "gleefully bludgeon doubters into blissful submission."
In a mixed review, Ed Power of Hot Press observed "over-familiarity" and "less to say on Uno" than on the band's previous work, stating, "they are doing what they do best. Nothing less, but certainly nothing more." Dave Simpson of The Guardian called ¡Uno! "a very decent fist of sounding like their twentysomething selves", but wrote that "the pace doesn't vary and the recent social commentary ... has given way to more teenage concerns". Slant Magazine's Yorgo Douramacos called the album "fairly strong", but felt that the songs "sound like only slightly altered versions of previous entries in the Green Day catalogue." In a negative review, Andy Gill of The Independent panned "Green Day's devotion to the most basic of rock formats" and called the music "patronising corporate rock masquerading, in sweary adolescent anthems as somehow anti-establishment." Randall Roberts of the Los Angeles Times asserted that the album was too "typical" and "commercial" to be a punk album, writing that it "feels like the work of a band that has painted itself into an aesthetic corner." Paul Mardles of The Observer criticized the album as "largely throwaway, its frenzied, phlegm-flecked songs littered with sentiments ... that sound daft coming from a 40-year-old frontman." Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune was ambivalent towards its "back-to-basics" approach and perceived a lack of "memorable lyric[s]". Barry Nicolson of NME found the album more comparable to "the three albums that followed" Dookie, noting "highs that prove unsustainable, and lows that hope you're too adrenalised to notice." Rolling Stone ranked it number eight on their year-end top albums list for 2012. Robert Christgau later said in 2021 that the album had "sounded like more of the self-important same" and diminished their interest in the band's subsequent work.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 139,000 copies in its first week. After 3 months, Uno had shifted 256,000 copies in the US. The album has sold over 325,000 copies in the US. In the United Kingdom, it also debuted at number two on the UK Albums Chart on first-week sales of 42,651 copies. As of October 13, 2016, ¡Uno! has sold 125,531 copies in the UK. In Canada, the album debuted at number three on the Canadian Albums Chart selling 12,000 copies.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for ¡Uno! adapted from liner notes.Green Day Billie Joe Armstrong – guitar, vocals
Mike Dirnt – bass, vocals
Tré Cool – drums
Jason White – guitarAdditional musiciansRob Cavallo - keyboardsProduction'
Keith Armstrong – mixing assistant
Nik Karpen – mixing assistant
Andrew Schubert – mixing assistant
Brad Townsend – mixing assistant
Chris Bilheimer – artwork, graphic design
Lee Bothwick – additional engineering
Rob Cavallo - producer
Chris Dugan – engineer
Andrew "Hans" Buscher – guitar technician
Eden Galindo – bass technician
Mike Fasano – drum technician
Kenny Butler – drum technician
Green Day – producers
Cheryl Jenets – production manager
Ted Jensen – mastering
Brad Kobylczak – second engineer
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing
Pat Magnarella – management
Jaime Neely – production assistant
Michelle Rogel – production assistant
Bill Schneider – band coordinator
Theo "Firecracker" Stockman – back cover photo
Felisha Tolentino – photography
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
Footnotes
External links
¡Uno! at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed)
Green Day albums
2012 albums
Albums produced by Rob Cavallo
Reprise Records albums
Power pop albums by American artists
Howard Elmer Armstrong (December 2, 1889 – March 8, 1926) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. They played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the season
Armstrong married Lucy Irene Douglas (October 15, 1889-1989) of Clarion, Ohio, who met Armstrong while they were boarding with Lucy's mother, Mae Brewster Douglass. They eloped, in 1917, to Hamilton, Ontario. Mae was not happy about the marriage and set Pinkerton after the couple, but they were already married. The couple had three children, Robert, James, and Thomas.
Armstrong played for factory baseball teams in Ohio and Canisteo and was well known locally.
Howard Armstrong died in 1926, most likely of a staph infection. Their immediate family remained in the Canisteo area, with seven grandchildren and many great-grandchildren, living throughout the country.
References
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from Ohio
1889 births
1926 deaths
Savannah Indians players
Savannah Colts players
Hamilton Hams players
Hamilton Tigers (baseball) players
People from Canisteo, New York
Sign Of Victory is the second album of the glam metal band Buster Brown. It is the only Buster Brown album to feature drummer James Kottak.
After this album, singer Johnny Edwards and drummer James Kottak were recruited by guitarist Ronnie Montrose into their band Montrose. They played on Montrose's Mean album.
The song "Dirty Girl" resembles the Sweet Savage song "Straight Through The Heart" and, to a lesser extent, the Dio song "Caught In The Middle". The song "Monkey Bars" is a cover of the song originally done by Canadian rock band Coney Hatch.
Track listing
Let's Rock
Save Your Love
Dirty Girl
Monkey Bars
Devil In Them Eyes
Streetwalker
Bounty Hunter
Sign Of Victory
Personnel
Johnny Edwards: Lead Vocals
Allan Phelps: Guitar
Kevin Downs: Bass
James Kottak: Drums
Buster Brown (band) albums
1985 albums
Vaskas () may refer to:
Vaskas, Amol
Vaskas, Qaem Shahr
Stenoma periaula is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are dark violet grey with the costal edge white throughout, more strongly towards the base. There is a hardly curved white line from the middle of the costa to before three-fourths of the dorsum and a white line with waved anterior edge running around the apex and termen, marked with a series of small black dots on the marginal edge. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Brenda Shaughnessy (born 1970) is an American poet.
Life
Shaughnessy was born in Okinawa and grew up in Southern California. They received their BA in literature and women's studies at the University of California, Santa Cruz and MFA at Columbia University.
Them poems have appeared in Best American Poetry, BOMB, Conjunctions, McSweeney's, The New Yorker, The Paris Review, The Yale Review, and elsewhere. Our Andromeda (2012) was selected as a Library Journal "Book of the Year" and as one of the "100 Best Books of 2013" by The New York Times as well as being shortlisted for both the 2013 PEN/Open Book Award and the 2013 International Griffin Poetry Prize. So Much Synth, was published in 2016 by Copper Canyon Press. Them fifth book of poems, The Octopus Museum, was published by Knopf in 2019.
 They are Associate Professor of English in the MFA Program at Rutgers–Newark. They live in Verona, New Jersey with their husband, the poet and editor Craig Morgan Teicher, and their children.
Awards
2018 Literature Award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
Our Andromeda, shortlisted for the 2013 International Griffin Poetry Prize and the 2013 PEN/Open Book Award.
Human Dark with Sugar, winner of the James Laughlin Award from the Academy of American Poets, finalist for National Book Critics Circle award
Interior with Sudden Joy, which was nominated for the PEN/Joyce Osterweil Award for Poetry, a Lambda Literary Award, and the Norma Farber First Book Award.
Bunting Fellowship at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at Harvard University
Japan/U.S. Friendship Commission Artist Fellowship.
Bibliography
Poetry
Collections
Anthologies
List of poems
"Epithalament", Fort.org
References
1970 births
Living people
21st-century American poets
21st-century American women writers
American people of Okinawan descent
American poets of Asian descent
American women writers of Asian descent
American poets
American women academics
American women poets
American writers of Japanese descent
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
The New Yorker people
People from Okinawa Island
People from Verona, New Jersey
Princeton University faculty
Radcliffe fellows
University of California, Santa Cruz alumni
Herma Katharina Anna Kirchschläger, GCIH (née Sorger) (15 May 1916 in Vienna – 30 May 2009 in Vienna) was the wife of Rudolf Kirchschläger, the former minister of foreign affairs and later federal president of Austria. They married on 17 August 1940 and they had two children: Christa (born 14 August 1944) and Walter (born 27 April 1947).
Honour
Grand-Cross of the Order of Prince Henry, Portugal (1984)
References
1916 births
2009 deaths
Spouses of presidents of Austria
People from Vienna
The Bozieni is a left tributary of the river Bârlad in Romania. It flows into the Bârlad in Cuci. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Neamț County
Henri Malosse (born 6 October 1954 in Montpellier, France) is a French Politician and representative of the business world. they have been the 30th President of the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC) (April 2013 - October 2015).
Biography
Henri Malosse was born in Montpellier in a family of professors from Corsica. They graduated from the Sciences Po in 1976.
They began exploring the cultures of Germany, Eastern Europe and speaks Polish, Russian English and German.
Henri Malosse supported strongly the freedom's movement in Poland (Solidarnosc), met Lech Walesa in 1976 in Gdansk and was banned by the polish communist regime of Jaruzelski during 8 years. They have been harassed by the secret police of the polish communist regime. Their file can be found in the archivum of IPN in Warsaw.
They were involved in European policies for SMEs, inspiring the creation of the Euro Info Centres.
They worked to create the Delegation of the Assembly of French Chambers of Commerce and Industry to the European Union, and assumed its Direction six years later.
They also participated in the European Association of Small and Medium Enterprises at the European Parliament.
In 1995 they were appointed by the French government in the European Economic and Social Committee - EESC, the 5th Institution of the European Union, writing more than 50 reports including a critic of the posted workers directive. They were the Chair of the pre-accession EU-Bulgaria Consultative Committee, and of the Employer's Group from 2016 to 2013 - In 2013, They were elected the 30th President of the EESC.
Their presidency took attention to the European media thanks to their critical position on EU stand to Greece during the financial crisis . They signed a Protocol of cooperation with Martin Schulz, the President of the European parliament.
They were the first EU representative to participate at Euromaidan in Kiev in December 2013 and to pay a visit to the 14th Dalai Lama in Dharamsala on 10 March 2014.
Their political engagement raised a lot of criticism from the Communist party of China, their supporters in Europe. They were also put temporarily on a blacklist by the Russian federation.
On 15 October 2014, Henri Malosse received the National Order of the Legion of Honour by the former President of the French Republic, Valery Giscard d'Estaing, in Brussels.
Publications
(with Frederic Fappani von Lothringen) L'Europe c'est quoi pour toi ?, Ed. Harmattan, 2019 ()
(with Laure Limousin) Building Europe: The History and Future of a Europe of the People /Construction européenne-Histoires et avenir d'une Europe des peuples/ ed L'harmattan, 2012, ()
(with Bruno Vever) We must save the European citizen! - A "C plan" to a citizens' Europe /Il faut sauver le citoyen européen ! - Un "plan C" pour rendre l'Europe aux citoyens/, Editions Bruylant, 2010, ()
(with Pascal Fontaine) Europe from A to Z /L'Europe de A à Z/, Editions Bruylant, 2006, ()
(with Bernard Huchet) Unifying the Greater Europe /Unifier la Grande Europe/, preface by Jean-Pierre Raffarin, postscript by Jacques Santer, Editions Bruylant, 2001, ()
Europe at your doorstep: a guide to EU funding mechanisms /L'Europe à votre porte : les instruments de financement et de cooperation/, Paris : Centre français du commerce extérieur, 1991, ()
(with Pascal Fontaine) The European Institutions /Les institutions européennes/, Retz, 1992, ()
(with Édith Cresson), Europe at your doorstep: practical manual on the actions of the EEC concerning economic operators /L'Europe à votre porte : manuel pratique sur les actions de la CEE intéressant les opérateurs économiques, Paris: Centre français du commerce extérieur, 1989, ()
References
External links
EESC | The President
Politicians from Montpellier
French non-fiction writers
Tibet freedom activists
French officials of the European Union
1954 births
Living people
Articles containing video clips
José Alberto Guadarrama (born 8 May 1972) is a Mexican former professional footballer. They played as a goalkeeper during their career. They were a member of the Mexico national football team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. They were part of Necaxa's squad that finished third in the 2000 FIFA Club World Championship.
References
1972 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Cruz Azul footballers
Club Necaxa footballers
Club León footballers
Inter Riviera Maya footballers
Liga MX players
Ascenso MX players
Footballers from Mexico City
Mexican footballers
Carlo Francesco Pollarolo (ca. 1653 – 7 February 1723) was an Italian composer, organist, and music director. Known chiefly for their operas, they wrote a total of 85 of them as well as 13 oratorios. Their compositional style was initially indebted to the opera tradition of Giovanni Legrenzi and Carlo Pallavicino, but they moved beyond this style with innovations to the compositional structure of the aria characterized by expanded forms and orchestral elaborations. Their early work used three part strings in the Legrenzi and Pallacino tradition of orchestration, but their mid and later works had developed into a richer orchestration of five strings parts and expanded instrumentation of brass and woodwinds. They were the first Venetian opera composer and one of the earliest Italian composers to use the oboe in their opera orchestrations.
Life and career
Born into the Pollarolo family of musicians in Brescia, Carlo Francesco Pollarolo was the son of musician Orazio Pollarolo. Their father was the organist at the Santi Nazaro e Celso, Brescia from 1665–1669, and then at the Brescia Cathedral from 1669 through 1675. Their younger brother Paolo Pollarolo (b. 1672) was also a professional musician in Brescia, and Paolo's son, Orazio Pollarolo (d. 1765), was an opera composer.
After receiving training in music from their father, Carlo Francesco began their career as the organist at the Santa Maria della Pace, Brescia; a position they held before the birth of their son, the composer Antonio Pollarolo, in 1676. Carlo Francesco also had a daughter, Giulia, who married the organ builder Giacinto Pescetti. Their son, Carlo Francesco's grandson, was the organist and composer Giovanni Battista Pescetti.
On 18 December 1676 Carlo Francesco succeeded their father as the organist at the Brescia Cathedral at which point they resigned from their position at the Santa Maria della Pace. They later are promoted to the post of "capo musico" at the Brescia Cathedral on 12 February 1680; replacing Pietro Pelli as maestro di cappella. They concurrently served as the maestro di cappella at the Accademia degli Erranti from 1681 through 1689; an institution which had staged their first opera, Venere travestita, in 1678. They did not return to opera again, until 1684 when they began a prolific career writing both operas and oratorios, first for performances in Brescia (Il Roderico, 1684) and Vienna (La Rosinda, 1685), and then for performances in nearby Venice and other Italian cities like Milan and Rome.
Carlo Francesco's operas became increasingly popular on the Venetian stage during the late 1680s, and in late 1689 they left their post at the Brescia Cathedral and re-located their family to Venice where they settled in the Santa Croce district. On 13 August 1690 they were appointed second organist at St Mark's Basilica, and two years later was promoted to the position of vicemaestro di cappella. Their son Antonio succeeded them in that post ten years later.
From 1691 through 1707 Carlo Francesco was the most prolific opera composer in Venice, and they were the most frequently performed composer at the city's top opera house, the Teatro San Giovanni Grisostomo, during this period. They continued to write operas for the Venetian stage into their 60s, with their final opera, L'Arminio, being completed and staged in November 1722 while they were suffering from a fatal illness. After six months of ill health, they died on February 7, 1723.  They are buried in the Scalzi, Venice.
In addition to their work as an opera composer and organist, Pollarolo was also the musical director of the Ospedale degli Incurabili, Venice, one of the city's top music conservatories, from c. 1696 to c. 1718. They composed four Latin oratorios for performance by the students at the conservatory during their tenure: Tertius crucis triumphus (1703), Samson vindicatus (1706), Joseph in Aegypto (1707), Rex regum (1716) and Davidis de Goliath triumphus (1718).
List of operas
Venere travestita (dramma per musica, libretto by Giovanni Battista Bottalino, 1678, Brescia)
Il Roderico (dramma per musica, libretto by Giovanni Battista Bottalino, 1684, Brescia)
I delirii per amore (dramma per musica, libretto by Francesco Miliati, 1685, Brescia)
Il demone amante, overo Giugurta (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1685, Venice)
Il Licurgo, overo Il cieco d'acuta vista (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1686, Venezia)
La costanza gelosa negl'amori di Cefalo e Procri (dramma per musica, 1688, Verona)
Antonino e Pompeiano (dramma per musica, libretto by Giacomo Francesco Bussani, 1689, Brescia; a reworking of the piece of the same name by Antonio Sartorio)
Alboino in Italia (dramma per musica, libretto by Giulio Cesare Corradi, 1691, Venezia)
Il moto delle stelle osservato da Cupido (serenata, 1691, Padua)
La pace fra Tolomeo e Seleuco (dramma per musica, libretto by Adriano Morselli, based on Rodogune by Pierre Corneille, 1691, Venice)
Onorio in Roma (dramma per musica, libretto by Giovanni Matteo Giannini, based on Stilichon by Pierre Corneille, 1692, Venice)
Marc'Antonio (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1692, Genoa)
Iole, regina di Napoli (dramma per musica, libretto di Giulio Cesare Corradi, 1692, Venezia)
L'Ibraim sultano (dramma per musica, libretto di Adriano Morselli, basato su Bajazet di Jean Racine, 1692, Venezia)
La forza della virtù (dramma per musica, libretto di Domenico David, basato su Storia di Spagna di Rogatis, 1693, Venezia; ripreso anche come Creonte tiranno di Tebe, 1699, Napoli)
Gl'avvenimenti d'Erminia e di Clorinda (dramma per musica, libretto di Giulio Cesare Corradi, basato su Gerusalemme liberata di Torquato Tasso, 1693, Venezia)
Amage, regina de' Sarmati (dramma per musica, libretto di Giulio Cesare Corradi, 1693, Venezia)
Ottone (tragedia per musica, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, 1694, Venezia)
La schiavitù fortunata (dramma per musica, libretto di Fulgenzio Maria Gualazzi, 1694, Venezia)
Irene (tragedia per musica, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, 1694, Venezia)
Alfonso primo (dramma per musica, dopo Rogatis, 1694, Venezia)
La Santa Genuinda, overo L'innocenza difesa dall'inganno (3° atto) (dramma sacro per musica, libretto di Pietro Ottoboni, basato su Santi di Fiandra di Molano, 1694, Roma; in collaborazione con Giovanni Lorenzo Lulier (1° atto) e Alessandro Scarlatti (2° atto))
Il pastore d'Anfriso (tragedia pastorale, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, basato su le Georgiche di Virgilio, 1695, Venezia)
La Falsirena (dramma per musica, libretto di Rinaldo Calli, 1695, Ferrara)
La Rosimonda (tragedia per musica, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, 1695, Venezia)
Ercole in cielo (tragedia per musica, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, 1696, Venezia)
Almansore in Alimena (dramma per musica, libretto di Giovanni Matteo Giannini, 1696, Reggio Emilia)
Gli inganni felici (dramma per musica, libretto di Apostolo Zeno, after Erodoto, 1696, Venezia)
Amor e dovere (dramma per musica, libretto di Domenico David, 1696, Venezia)
Tito Manlio (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1696, Firenze)
I reggi equivoci (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1697, Venezia)
La forza d'amore (dramma per musica, libretto di Lorenzo Burlini, 1697, Venezia)
L'Oreste in Sparta (dramma per musica, libretto di Pompeo Luchesi, 1697, Reggio Emilia)
Circe abbandonata da Ulisse (dramma per musica, libretto di Aurelio Aureli, 1697, Venezia)
La clemenza d'Augusto (2° atto) (dramma per musica, libretto di Carlo Sigismondo Caprese, 1697, Roma; in collaborazione con Severo De Luca (1° atto) e Giovanni Bononcini (3° atto))
Marzio Coriolano (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1698, Venezia)
L'enigma disciolto (favola pastorale, libretto di Giovanni Battista Neri, 1698, Reggio Emilia; ripresa come Gli amici rivali, 1705, Venezia)
L'Ulisse sconosciuto in Itaca (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1698, Reggio Emilia)
Il Faramondo (dramma per musica, libretto di Apostolo Zeno, dopo Calprende. 1698, Venezia)
Il ripudio d'Ottavia (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1699, Venezia)
L'oracolo in sogno (3° atto) (dramma per musica, libretto di Francesco Silvani, 1699, Mantova; in collaborazione con Antonio Caldara (1° atto) e Antonio Quintavalle (2° atto))
Lucio Vero (dramma per musica, libretto di Apostolo Zeno, 1699, Venezia)
Il giudizio di Paride (intermezzo, 1699, Venezia)
Il colore fa' la regina (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1700, Venezia)
Il delirio comune per l'incostanza dei genii (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1700, Venezia)
L'inganno di Chirone (melodramma, libretto di Pietro D'Averara, 1700, Milano)
Le pazzie degli amanti (dramma per musica, libretto di Francesco Passarini, 1701, Vienna)
Catone Uticenze (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1701, Venezia)
L'odio e l'amore (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1702, Venezia)
Ascanio (dramma per musica, libretto di Pietro D'Averara, 1702, Milano)
Venceslao (dramma per musica, libretto di Apostolo Zeno, dopo Corneille, 1703, Venezia)
La fortuna per dote (tragicommedia, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, 1704, Venezia)
L'eroico amore (tragicommedia, libretto di M. A. Gasparini, 1704, Bergamo)
Il giorno di notte (dramma per musica, libretto di Matteo Noris, 1704, Venezia)
Il Dafni (tragedia satirica in musica, libretto di Girolamo Frigimelica Roberti, 1705, Venezia)
La fede ne' tradimenti (dramma per musica, libretto di Girolamo Gigli, 1705, Venezia)
Filippo, re della Grecia (dramma per musica, libretto di Pietro Giorgio Barziza, dopo Livio, 1706, Venezia)
Flavio Bertarido, re dei Langobardi (dramma per musica, libretto di Stefano Ghisi, 1706, Venezia)
La fede riconosciuta (drama pastorale per musica, libretto di Pasquaglio, 1707, Vicenza)
La vendetta d'amore (pastorale per musica, 1707, Rovigo)
L'Ergisto (dramma pastorale, libretto Francesco Passarini, 1708, Rovigo)
Igene, regina di Sparta (dramma per musica, libretto di Aurelio Aureli, 1708, Vicenza)
Il falso Tiberino (dramma per musica, libretto di Pietro Pariati e Apostolo Zeno, 1709, Venezia)
La ninfa riconosciuta (melodramma pastorale, libretto di Francesco Silvani, 1709, Vicenza)
Il Costantino pio (dramma posto in musica, libretto di Pietro Ottoboni, 1710, Roma)
Amor per gelosia (favola pastorale, 1710, Roma)
Engelberta, o La forza dell'innocenza (dramma per musica, 1711, Brescia)
La Costanza in trionfo (dramma per musica, 1711, Brescia)
Publio Cornelio Scipione (dramma per musica, libretto di Agostino Piovene, dopo Plutarco, 1712, Venezia)
Peribea in Salamina (dramma per musica, 1712, Vicenza)
L'infedeltà punita (dramma per musica, libretto di Francesco Silvani, 1712, Venezia; in collaborazione con Antonio Lotti)
Spurio postumio (dramma per musica, libretto di Agostino Piovene, 1712, Venezia)
Eraclio (3° atto) (dramma per musica, libretto di Pietro Antonio Bernardoni, 1712, Roma; in collaborazione con Francesco Gasparini (2° atto))
Giulio Cesare nell'Egitto (dramma per musica, libretto di Antonio Ottoboni, 1713, Roma)
Semiramide (dramma per musica, libretto di Francesco Silvani, 1714, Venezia)
Marsia deluso (favola pastorale, libretto di Agostino Piovene, 1714, Venezia)
Il trionfo della costanza (dramma per musica, 1714, Vicenza)
Tetide in Sciro (dramma per musica, libretto di Carlo Sigismondo Capece, 1715, Vicenza)
Il germanico (dramma per musica, libretto di Pietro Giorgio Barziza, 1716, Venezia)
Ariodante (dramma per musica, libretto di Antonio Salvi, 1716, Venezia)
L'innocenza riconosciuta (dramma per musica, libretto di Tommaso Malipiero, 1717, Venezia)
Farnace (dramma per musica, libretto di Domenico Lalli, 1718, Venezia)
Amore in gara col fasto (dramma per musica, libretto di Francesco Silvani, 1718, Rovigo)
Astinome (dramma per musica, libretto di o di Domenico Ottavio Petrosellini, 1719, Roma)
Il pescatore disingannato (epitalamio musicale, 1721, Venezia)
L'Arminio (dramma per musica, libretto di Francesco Salvi, 1722, Venezia)
Citations
Sources
The Viking Opera Guide ed. Holden (Viking, 1993)
Magazine de l'opéra baroque (in French)
Italian Baroque composers
Italian Baroque
1650s births
1723 deaths
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
Italian organists
Male organists
Musicians from Brescia
17th-century Italian composers
18th-century Italian composers
18th-century Italian male musicians
18th-century keyboardists
17th-century male musicians
Tarucus grammicus, the dark Pierrot or black Pierrot, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Yemen, southern Ethiopia, Somalia, eastern and northern Kenya and northern Tanzania. The habitat consists of savanna.
The larvae feed on Ziziphus abysinnica.
References
Butterflies described in 1893
Tarucus
Butterflies of Africa
Glendora McIlwain Putnam (July 25, 1923 – June 5, 2016) was a civil rights activist and the first African American female to serve as the Assistant Attorney General of Massachusetts.
Early life and education
Putnam was born on July 25, 1923 in Lugoff, South Carolina to Simon and Katherine McIlwain. They had one brother, Luther, a Tuskegee Airman and a New York City police officer. Them parents moved north to provide better opportunities for the family, arriving in Massachusetts in the late 1920s. They lived in Methuen and South Lawrence, Massachusetts. Them parents were involved in the civil rights movement.
Putnam originally attend a junior college in the south but, after they were discouraged from applying to law school by faculty, they transferred and earned a bachelor's degree at Bennett College. They then earned a law degree at the Boston University School of Law. They were driven to attend law school by a desire to eliminate segregation and discrimination.
Civil rights
Putnam became the first African-American woman to serve as an assistant attorney general in Massachusetts in the office of Edward W. Brooke, their law school classmate. In this role, they led the civil rights division. Putnam and Brooke had previously worked on civil rights issues for the NAACP. Putnam held the same position under Brooke's successors, Elliot Richardson and Robert H. Quinn.
Beginning in 1969, Putname chaired that Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, saying it was like being "given a teaspoon to shovel out an ocean." They left the Commission after seven years to become an assistant secretary for fair housing and equal opportunity in the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. After returning to Massachusetts, they worked at the Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency and then on the advisory board to the Massachusetts Civil Rights Commission.
In the 1980s, they were chairperson of the board of the Young Women's Christian Association, an organization that refused their admittance in the segregated south of their youth.
Awards and honors
For their work in civil rights, they received the YW Boston's Academy of Women Achievers and Sandra B. Henriquez Racial Justice awards. They were also named a Living Legend by the Museum of African American History in 2012, the museums's highest honor.
Putnam received honorary doctor of law degrees from Bennett in 1991 and the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. The Boston University School of Law awarded them the Silver Shingle Award for outstanding public service and the Massachusetts Black Lawyer's Association presented them with the Distinguished Achievement Award.
Personal life
Putnam married Harold Putnam, a state representative in the Great and General Court. The couple later divorced. Putnamed died June 5, 2016, after a stroke.
See also
List of first women lawyers and judges in Massachusetts
References
African-American women lawyers
African-American lawyers
Boston University School of Law alumni
American civil rights activists
People from West Roxbury, Boston
2016 deaths
1923 births
People from Lugoff, South Carolina
Bennett College alumni
People from Methuen, Massachusetts
People from Lawrence, Massachusetts
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
21st-century African-American women
Knockanaffrin () is a mountain in County Waterford, Ireland. It is part of the Comeragh Mountains.
See also
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
List of Marilyns in the British Isles
List of Hewitt mountains in England, Wales and Ireland
References
Hewitts of Ireland
Marilyns of Ireland
Mountains and hills of County Waterford
Mountains under 1000 metres
Felix Mendelssohn began composing their Piano Quartet No. 3 in B minor, Op. 3, for piano, violin, viola and cello in late 1824 and completed it on 18 January 1825, just before their sixteenth birthday. The quartet was published later that year and was dedicated to Goethe whom Mendelssohn had met a few years earlier. Mendelssohn's three numbered piano quartets were the first works of theirs to be published, hence their opus numbers.
Structure
The work has four movements:
Allegro molto (B minor, sonata form)
Andante (E major, sonata form)
Allegro molto (F-sharp minor, ternary form, trio in B major)
Allegro vivace (B minor, sonata form)
A typical performance lasts just over half an hour.
Early reception
In March 1825, Mendelssohn's father agreed to allow Felix to pursue a career in music, but only if their potential was recognized by professional musicians. Felix brought their Piano Quartet in B minor to the Paris Conservatory, where it was played by director Luigi Cherubini, and by the concertmaster of the Paris Opera, Pierre Baillot. According to Mendelssohn, the musicians were at first careless, but became enthusiastic early in the first movement and, at a terrific speed, played the entire quartet to its conclusion. Baillot approached the young composer after the performance and, without uttering a word, simply embraced him.
References
External links
Chamber music by Felix Mendelssohn
Mendelssohn 3
1825 compositions
Compositions in B minor
Virginia's 15th congressional district is a defunct congressional district. It was eliminated in 1853 after the 1850 U.S. Census. Its last Congressman was Sherrard Clemens.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
15
Former congressional districts of the United States
1793 establishments in Virginia
Constituencies established in 1793
Constituencies disestablished in 1853
1853 disestablishments in Virginia
Carter County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,627. Its county seat is Grayson. Carter County is in the Huntington-Ashland, WV-KY-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is home to Carter Caves State Resort Park.
History
Carter County was formed on February 9, 1838, from portions of Greenup County and Lawrence County. It was named after Colonel William Grayson Carter, a Kentucky state Senator. The county seat is named for their uncle, Robert Grayson.
The original courthouse was rebuilt in 1907.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Greenup County (northeast)
Boyd County (east)
Lawrence County (southeast)
Elliott County (south)
Rowan County (southwest)
Lewis County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 26,889 people, 10,342 households, and 7,746 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 11,534 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 99.02% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.08% from other races, and 0.41% from two or more races. 0.59% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 10,342 households, out of which 33.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.50% were married couples living together, 10.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.10% were non-families. 22.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.50% under the age of 18, 10.80% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 12.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,427, and the median income for a family was $31,278. Males had a median income of $28,690 versus $20,554 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,442. About 19.20% of families and 22.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.90% of those under age 18 and 21.30% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Education
Carter County School District
Kentucky Christian University, located in Grayson
Alcohol sales
Carter County is a moist county, meaning that sale of alcohol in the county is prohibited except in certain areas as voted on by the residents of the area, with at least one area approving full retail alcohol sales. In the case of Carter County, alcohol sales are only permitted as follows:
At a single approved winery in the Iron Hill precinct, near the unincorporated community of Carter City.
Within the city of Grayson after a vote on June 11, 2013, approved full retail alcohol sales within the city limits by a vote of 511 in favor of alcohol sales to 393 against.
Within the city of Olive Hill after a vote on March 10, 2014, approved full retail alcohol sales within the city limits by a vote of 257 in favor of alcohol sales to 206 against.
Communities
Cities
Grayson (county seat)
Olive Hill
Unincorporated communities
Access
Beech Grove
Beetle
Boone Furnace
Carter
Davy Run
Denton
Grahn
Hitchins
Mount Savage
Norton Branch
Rooney
Rush (part)
Smiths Creek
Soldier
Straight Creek
Willard
Transportation
Carter County is accessible by U.S. Route 60 and Interstate 64. Until 2010, the city of Olive Hill owned an airport.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Carter County, Kentucky
References
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
1838 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1838
James Holmes may refer to:
Sportspeople
Ducky Holmes (James William Holmes, 1869–1932), baseball player
Jim Holmes (baseball) (1882–1960), baseball pitcher
Jimmy Holmes (footballer, born 1908) (1908–1971), English footballer
Jimmy Holmes (footballer, born 1953), Irish footballer
Jim Holmes (footballer) (born 1954), Scottish footballer
Government
James Howard Holmes (born 1943), diplomat
James Leon Holmes (born 1951), U.S. federal judge
James Holmes (politician) (1831–1910), member of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Entertainers
James Holmes (actor) (born 1965), British actor
Jimmy "Duck" Holmes (born 1947), American blues musician
Others
James Holmes (artist) (1777–1860), English painter
James Holmes (trade unionist) (1861–1934), English railway industry trade unionist
Jimmy Holmes (trade unionist) (1850-1911), English hosiery industry trade unionist
James Holmes (mass murderer) (born 1987), convicted of the 2012 Aurora shooting
James Flournoy Holmes, album cover artist
James Roland Holmes (1939–1999), organist, partner of Ned Rorem
James William Holmes (1956–1994), convicted murderer of Don Lehman
James H. Holmes (1826–1900), Baptist minister in Richmond, Virginia
James M. Holmes (born 1957), United States Air Force general
James S. Holmes (1924–1986), Dutch poet and translator
See also
Jamie Holmes (disambiguation)
Donora Shaw (née Hillard) is an American writer. They were first made notable in the fields of institutional critique and trauma studies, specifically for their first full-length collection of poetry published when they were 27 years old. Them projects have appeared on CNN, WBEZ Chicago, and MSNBC, owing to their inclusion in a Norton Anthology of hint fiction.
Shaw is the author of several works of hybrid text, poetry, and theory: Parapherna (2006), Exhibition (2008), Theology of the Body (2010), Covenant (2012), and The Aphasia Poems (2014). In 2015, their play The Plagiarist was produced in conjunction with the National Endowment for the Arts' The Big Read initiative. They have also modeled in book trailers. In 2016, Cobalt Press published their most recent full-length poetry book, Jeff Bridges.
Early life
Shaw was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. "Home for me," Shaw has said of the rural setting of their upbringing, "is being lost in the woods with people telling stories about something terrible all around you." Some of their earliest works of poetry were recognized locally.
Shaw later matriculated at King's College, where they would become President of Sigma Tau Delta, the International English Honor Society, and attain a membership to the Aquinas Society, the King's College honor society.
Academic career
After completing their BA in English from King's College (Pennsylvania) in just under three years, Shaw went on to pursue an MA in creative writing from Rutgers University-Camden. They would later finish that degree and also receive their MFA in creative writing from Wilkes University in 2008.
It was during their tenure as an English instructor at a private Roman Catholic high school near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania that Shaw cultivated the experiences that would inform Theology of the Body, their first full-length poetry collection. In 2014, while teaching composition and literature at Lawrence Technological University near Detroit, Shaw's work The Aphasia Poems, was published by S▲L. After moving to Northeast Ohio, Shaw completed the requirements for their PhD in English from Wayne State University.
Personal life
Following the sudden and unexpected death of their mother in June 2019, Shaw relocated back to Pennsylvania.
 They are married to Cameron Shaw, with whom they have two children including a son through marriage. Shaw began the adoption process following the biological mother's prolonged abandonment and later incarceration for first degree assault.
In January 2021, Shaw announced via their website that they were pregnant for the first time. On July 15, 2021, they gave birth to a daughter, Merrin.
Selected works
Theology of the Body (Gold Wake Press, 2010; rereleased as Covenant, Gold Wake Press, 2012) is a feminist response, through the fragmentation of form and memory, to the teachings of Pope John Paul II, also published under the same name (Theology of the Body). This work of hybrid text would lead one staff reviewer at Kill Author to claim, "I think Donora Hillard has visionary powers." In summarizing their own belief structure, Shaw has said that it "hinges upon the Gospel of Thomas and the phrase 'Talitha cumi,' which is Aramaic for 'Girl, get up.'"
The Aphasia Poems (S▲L, 2014) is a collection of poems adapted with permission from Shaw's clients with linguistic disabilities, to whom they were a disability advocate and mentor in Wayne County, Michigan. According to one reviewer, while some writers might be inclined to "speak about or for these individuals, Hillard allows them to speak for themselves."
Jeff Bridges (Cobalt Press, 2016) was published in April 2016 and critically acclaimed.
Bibliography
Poetry
Parapherna (dancing girl press, 2006)
Exhibition (Gold Wake Press, 2008)
Theology of the Body (Gold Wake Press, 2010)
Covenant (with Zachary C. Bush) (Gold Wake Press, 2012)
The Aphasia Poems (S▲L, 2014)
Jeff Bridges (with illustrations by Goodloe Byron) (Cobalt Press, 2016)
Play
The Plagiarist (2015)
Articles
"'But this is a world': Alzheimer's writing and punk pedagogy" (Lybba, 2012)
"Interfaces and Infrastructures: Examining New Media Objects in the English Studies Classroom" (Pedagogy, 2012)
Anthologies
Best of the Web (Dzanc Books, 2010)
Hint Fiction (W. W. Norton & Company, 2010)
Service-Learning and Writing: Paving the Way for Literacy(ies) through Community Engagement (Studies in Writing) (BRILL, 2012)
Women in Clothes (Penguin Random House, 2014)
Awards and recognition
2010 – "Departure" was included in Norton's first anthology of hint fiction.
References
1982 births
Living people
American women poets
King's College (Pennsylvania) alumni
Wilkes University alumni
Rutgers University–Camden alumni
Wayne State University alumni
University of Akron faculty
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American poets
American women academics
21st-century American women writers
Ossera is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 23.
Geography
Ossera is located 171km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
1904 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the first water polo championship hold in Hungary. It was organised by the swimming division of the Hungarian Athletes' Association. There were four participating teams in the championship. There was only one round. All the matches were held in Császárfüddő during the first three weekends of September.
Best team of the previous years, MUE did not take part in the championship, because some swimmers were not satisfied with the leadership in connection with the Olympics held in St. Louis.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1904 in water polo
1904 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) is an organization of 38 Democratic members of the United States Congress of Hispanic and Latino descent. The Caucus focuses on issues affecting Hispanics and Latinos in the United States. The CHC was founded in December 1976 as a legislative service organization of the United States House of Representatives. The CHC is organized as a Congressional Member organization, governed under the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives.
As of 2021, the CHC is composed entirely of Democrats, although at its founding it was a bipartisan organization. The Republican members left in the late 1990s over policy differences and, in 2003, formed their own group, the Congressional Hispanic Conference. In 2017, the Caucus declined to admit Rep. Carlos Curbelo, who would have been the only Republican member.
Purpose
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus aims to address national and international issues that directly impact the Hispanic community. The function of the CHC is to serve as a forum for the Hispanic Members of Congress to coalesce around a collective legislative agenda. In addition to covering legislative action, the CHC also monitors executive and judicial issues at the federal level.
Senator Bob Menendez, a Cuban American from New Jersey, Senator Catherine Cortez Masto, a Mexican American from Nevada, and Senator Alex Padilla, a Mexican American from California, are currently the only members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus from the Senate. The remaining 35 members are from the House.
History
The Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC) was organized in 1976 by five Hispanic Congressmen: Herman Badillo (NY), Baltasar Corrada del Río (PR), Kika de la Garza (TX), Henry B. Gonzalez (TX) and Edward Roybal (CA), to serve as a legislative organization through which legislative action, as well as executive and judicial actions, could be monitored to ensure the needs of Hispanics were being met. It was staffed by Raquel Marquez Frankel, who had grown up in Silver City and Albuquerque, New Mexico, and had become, in 1947, the first Latina to attend the University of New Mexico School of Law. The goal was to work in conjunction with other groups, both inside and outside Congress, to strengthen Federal commitment to Hispanics and heighten the community's awareness of the operation and function of the American political system.
Chairs
Leadership
Chair: Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) (D)
1st Vice Chair: Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) (D)
2nd Vice Chair: Adriano Espaillat (NY-13) (D)
Whip: Darren Soto (FL-9) (D)
Freshman Representative: Teresa Leger Fernandez (NM-3) (D)
Current membership
United States Senate
California:
Alex Padilla (D-CA)
Nevada:
Catherine Cortez Masto (D-NV)
New Jersey:
Bob Menéndez (D-NJ)
New Mexico:
Ben Ray Luján (D-NM)
United States House of Representatives
Arizona:
Raúl Grijalva (AZ-3) (D)
Ruben Gallego (AZ-7) (D)
California:
Jim Costa (CA-16) (D)
Salud Carbajal (CA-24) (D)
Tony Cárdenas (CA-29) (D)
Pete Aguilar (CA-31) (D)
Grace Napolitano (CA-32) (D)
Jimmy Gomez (CA-34) (D)
Norma Torres (CA-35) (D)
Raul Ruiz (CA-36) (D)
Linda Sánchez (CA-38) (D)
Lucille Roybal-Allard (CA-40) (D) Retiring at end of 117th Congress.
Nanette Diaz Barragán (CA-44) (D)
Lou Correa (CA-46) (D)
Mike Levin (CA-49) (D)
Juan Vargas (CA-51) (D)
Florida:
Darren Soto (FL-9) (D)
Guam:
Michael San Nicolas (Guam-At large) (D) Retiring at end of 11th Congress.
Illinois:
Jesús "Chuy" García (IL-4) (D)
Massachusetts:
Lori Trahan (MA-3) (D)
New Jersey:
Albio Sires (NJ-8) (D) Retiring at end of 117th Congress.
New Mexico:
Teresa Leger Fernandez (NM-3) (D)
New York:
Nydia Velázquez (NY-7) (D)
Adriano Espaillat (NY-13) (D)
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (NY-14) (D)
Ritchie Torres (NY-15) (D)
Northern Mariana Islands:
Gregorio Sablan (MP-At large) (D)
Texas:
Vicente González (TX-15) (D)
Veronica Escobar (TX-16) (D)
Joaquin Castro (TX-20) (D)
Henry Cuellar (TX-28) (D)
Sylvia Garcia (TX-29) (D)
Source
Former members
United States Senate
Joseph Montoya (D-NM)
United States House of Representatives
Filemon Vela Jr. (TX-34) (D)
Controversies
On January 31, 2007, a story on the Politico.com website reported that Rep. Joe Baca had called Rep. Loretta Sanchez a "whore" in a conversation with Speaker of the California Assembly Fabian Núñez, prompting Sanchez to resign from the CHC. Rep. Baca has denied this charge, but two other CHC members, Linda Sánchez (Loretta's sister) and Hilda Solis, expressed support for Loretta Sanchez. In the case of Solis, Baca called their "a kiss-up to Speaker Nancy Pelosi," for which they have apologized to Solis both privately and publicly.
A year prior to the "whore" incident, The CHC's political action committee gave $3,000 to Baca's children's campaigns for state offices in California. Although Baca recused themselves from the decision to make the contributions, six members of the caucus criticized the decision, saying that CHC's PAC should support only federal candidates. Consequently, on November 15, 2006, when Joe Baca was elected chair of the CHC, Solis and the Sanchez sisters challenged their election, saying that the voting should have been done by a secret ballot.
On Monday, April 2, 2007, Congresswoman Linda Sánchez closed their offices in honor of César Estrada Chávez Day, a state holiday in California (which fell on a Saturday that year). CHC chair Baca made the following comment on Sánchez's decision to close the office: "I believe the best way to observe César Estrada Chávez Day is not by taking the day off from work or school." On April 12, Linda Sánchez announced that they had suspended their membership in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, citing "a need for structural reforms to ensure that the caucus is more equitable and inclusive of all its members." They specifically stated that their decision "was not based on personal animus directed at Baca."
On June 30, 2013, Congressman Filemon Vela Jr. resigned from the CHC, citing opposition to the Senate immigration bill which the CHC endorsed, saying: "Opponents of serious immigration reform are extracting a pound of flesh in this process by conditioning a pathway to citizenship on the construction of more ineffective border fence." The Congressional Hispanic Caucus has received support over the years from Mexican billionaire Ricardo Pliego and Azteca America. Andres Ramirez, a Nevada political consultant, and Kevin de León, the President Pro Tempore of the California State Senate, have worked together to route money from Azteca America to various caucus groups and political campaigns, as Pliego is a known rival to Carlos Slim, whom both de Leon and Ramirez have attacked through the use of phony groups such as "Two Countries One Voice". Ramirez has appeared at functions for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. The effort to recruit past students and fellows involved in programs of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus has caused some political bloggers to speculate over the effort by California State Senator de Leon and their colleague California State Senator Jim Beall to use their legislative staffs, some of whom have been involved in programs of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, to take over several local groups of California Democratic Party State Central Committee delegations for the purpose of establishing control for de Leon and their allies.
In November 2017, the caucus refused to admit Republican member of congress Carlos Curbelo, who would have been the only Republican in the caucus.
Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute
In October 1981, the House Committee on House Administration drafted new regulations stipulating that fundraising activities were to be moved off all government premises. Members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus decided to maintain a legislative support organization on Capitol Hill, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, and moved the non-profit, fundraising organization, today known as the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute, Inc. to a new residence.
CHC BOLD PAC
The CHC BOLD PAC (officially the Committee for Hispanic Causes-BOLD PAC and sometimes referred to as simply BOLD PAC) is the Congressional Hispanic Caucus' political arm, endorsing Democratic and especially Hispanic candidates. Ruben Gallego is the current chair of the group. The group raised $8.7 million during the 2018 election cycle.
Gallery
See also
List of Hispanic and Latino Americans in the United States Congress
Congressional caucus
Congressional Hispanic Conference
1977 Women's National Conference: Minority-Latino-Women
Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute
References
External links
Hispanic
Congressional Hispanic Caucus
Politics and race in the United States
1976 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Organizations established in 1976
Ye Shuhua (; born June 21, 1927) is a Chinese astronomer and professor at Shanghai Astronomical Observatory, known for achieving one of the world's most precise measurements of Universal Time in the 1960s, and for establishing the very-long-baseline interferometry (VLBI) and satellite laser ranging (SLR) techniques in China.
Ye served as President of Shanghai Astronomical Observatory, Vice-President of the Chinese Astronomical Society, and Vice-President of the International Astronomical Union.  They are a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a foreign fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society of Britain. The asteroid 3241 Yeshuhua is named after them
Early life
Ye Shuhua was born June 21, 1927 in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. They spent most of their school years during the Second Sino-Japanese War (1937–45), and had to move repeatedly with their family from Guangzhou to Hong Kong, Shaoguan, and Lian County, because of the war.
After the surrender of Japan in 1945, Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou resumed its admissions. Ye hoped to study literature at the university, but their father wanted them to study medicine for better career prospects. They were not interested in medicine, and as a compromise with their father, they agreed to study mathematics instead. At the time, mathematics and astronomy were under the same department at Sun Yat-sen University, and under the influence of Professor Zou Yixin, they later chose to major in astronomy.
Career
In 1951, Ye Shuhua moved to Shanghai with their husband Cheng Jitai (), who taught at the mathematics department of Fudan University. Ye found work at the French-built Zikawei (Xujiahui) Observatory, which later became part of Shanghai Astronomical Observatory. In 1958, they became the leader of a team of scientists working to improve the precision of China's measurement of Universal Time, which ranked the last in the world. By 1963, China's Universal Time measurement leapt to the world's second most precise. It was set as the basic national standard in 1965, and their team later received many national awards for this achievement.
When the Cultural Revolution started in 1966, Ye Shushua, like many other intellectuals, was persecuted and held in a "cowshed" (). They also had to work as a house painter.
After the end of the Cultural Revolution in 1976, Ye was appointed research professor of Shanghai Astronomical Observatory, and served as its director between 1981 and 1993. Under their leadership, Shanghai Observatory established a very-long-baseline interferometry (VLBI) and a satellite laser ranging (SLR) research station, and participated in the International Earth Rotation Service (IERS) as one of the most technologically advanced bases. In 1991, they were appointed the chief scientist in a Key Basic Research Project to study China's crustal motion. The project verified that the Indian Plate is causing an eastward movement of China's land mass.
Ye Shuhua served as Vice-President of the Chinese Astronomical Society from 1978 to 1988, after which they became its honorary president. They served as Vice-President of the International Astronomical Union from 1988 to 1994. They were elected a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1980, and a foreign fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society of Britain in 1985.
Honours and awards
The Purple Mountain Observatory named the asteroid 3241 Yeshuhua after them They have been awarded the Ho Leung Ho Lee Prize for astronomy.
Selected publications
Optical observations of time and latitude and the determining of the earth rotation parameters. Proceedings of IAU Colloquium No. 63. Dordrecht: D.Reidel Publishing Company: pp. 11–23. (1982)
VLBI measurements of radio positions at three stations. Proceedings of IAU Colloquium No. 63. Dordrecht: D.Reidel Publishing Company: pp. 329–336. (1982)
Note on the terrestrial reference system for geodynamics. Proceedings of the 5th IAG Symposium. Washington: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration: p. 46. (1982)
Intercomparison of celestial reference frame-general principle. Reference Frames in Astronomy and Geophysics. Kluwer Acad Publ: pp. 295–304. (1989)
with Wan T.S., Qian Z.H. Progress on Chinese VLBI Network Project. Radio Interferometry. Proceedings of IAU Colloquium No. 131, Provo, Utah: Astronomical Society of the Pacific: pp. 386–389. (1991)
See also
Timeline of women in science
References
Bibliography
1927 births
Living people
20th-century women scientists
21st-century women scientists
Chinese women astronomers
Chinese women physicists
Chinese physicists
Educators from Guangdong
Foreign Fellows of the Royal Astronomical Society
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
People from Guangzhou
Physicists from Guangdong
Sun Yat-sen University alumni
Women's Downhill World Cup 1987/1988
Final point standings
In Women' Downhill World Cup 1986/87 the best 5 results count. Deductions are given in ().
Women's Downhill Team Results
All points are shown including individual deduction. bold indicates the highest score - italics indicates race wins
References
fis-ski.com
External links
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's downhill discipline titles
Grayson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,420. Its county seat is Leitchfield. The county was formed in 1810 and named for William Grayson (1740-1790), a Revolutionary War colonel and a prominent Virginia political figure. Grayson County was formerly a prohibition or dry county, but Leitchfield allowed limited alcohol sales in restaurants in 2010 and voted "wet" in 2016.
History
Grayson County was established in 1810 from land taken from Hardin and Ohio counties. The county is named for William Grayson (1740-1790), a Revolutionary War colonel and U.S. Senator from Virginia.
Three courthouses have been destroyed through fire; in 1864 by Confederate troops, and again in 1896 and 1936.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water.
Grayson County is part of the Western Coal Field region of Kentucky. Only the western third of the county has coal; the rest lies in the Clifty Area, which has similar sandstone bedrock, some of it bituminous but never commercially exploited as tar sands or rock asphalt. The county lies in the Rough Creek Fault System, considered a potential hydrocarbon resource.
Grayson County is home to two U.S. Army Corps of Engineers lakes, Rough River Lake on the northern border of the county and Nolin River Lake on the southeast border. The lakes attract many tourists and have led to the use of "Twin Lakes" to identify some businesses and institutions, such as the Owensboro Health Twin Lakes Medical Center in Leitchfield.
Adjacent counties
Breckinridge County (north)
Hardin County (northeast/EST Border)
Hart County (southeast)
Edmonson County (south)
Butler County (southwest)
Ohio County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 24,053 people, 9,596 households, and 6,966 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 12,802 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.26% White, 0.50% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.22% from other races, and 0.71% from two or more races. 0.77% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 9,596 households, out of which 32.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.90% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 28.00% from 25 to 44, 24.60% from 45 to 64, and 14.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 98.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,639, and the median income for a family was $33,080. Males had a median income of $27,759 versus $19,302 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,759. About 13.90% of families and 18.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.10% of those under age 18 and 15.70% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Events and attractions
Grayson County is the home of the Historic Jack Thomas House which is owned and maintained by the Grayson County Historical Society. The Jack Thomas House contains a museum dedicated to the history and families of Grayson County as well as the most extensive genealogical research library for the county. It is open Monday – Friday for tours and research. Three general meetings with guest speakers relevant to the county each year are held for the membership. They are held in March, June, and October and are always open to the public. The house is open during the Twin Lakes National Fiddlers Contest (see below), the Hometown Christmas Parade as well as other special events.
Every July, Grayson County and Leitchfield host the Twin Lakes National Fiddlers Contest, which brings many elite fiddlers from several states to the Town Square area. The contest is a weekend event. Also in July, the City of Leitchfield hosts the annual Freedom Festival which features music, fireworks, and a carnival. In late August and early September, Grayson County hosts the annual Grayson County Fair, which entertains locals and guests with music, a carnival, a Truck and Tractor Pull, a Demolition Derby, and ends on Labor Day with a parade through Leitchfield. In September the city of Clarkson hosts the annual Honeyfest. The Honeyfest kicks off with a parade in which the Grayson County High School Band and the Grayson County Middle School Band performs. Many floats with the main subject of bees and honey are presented and advertise the many businesses in and surrounding Grayson County. This festival celebrates the city and the contributions of Clarkson's Walter T. Kelley Beehive Factory.
In early October, the city of Caneyville holds the annual Caneyville Fair.
Also, the county is home to several attractions. In addition to the previously mentioned lakes is the historic Pine Knob Theatre, located in the community of Pine Knob. Other attractions are Calvin Ray's Live Music just west of Leitchfield, and three golf courses, including 18 hole Lafayette Golf Course in Falls of Rough.
Communities
Cities
Caneyville
Clarkson
Leitchfield (county seat)
Census-designated place
Big Clifty
Other unincorporated places
Anneta
Do Stop
Falls of Rough (partly in Breckinridge County)
Grayson Springs
Meredith
Millerstown (partly in Hart County)
Millwood
Peonia
Pine Knob
Ready
Saint Paul
Short Creek
Shrewsbury
Wax
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grayson County, Kentucky
References
External links
Cityhelp.com – A local county guide about Grayson, County Kentucky
Grayson-County.Org – A local website that links civic organizations
Twin Lakes National Fiddler Championship - Nationally Certified Fiddler Championship
GraysonCountySchools.com The Grayson County Board of Education and school websites.
K105/Twin Lakes Times – Grayson County's local FM radio station (FM 104.9) and daily web-based newspaper.
The Record – A Grayson County newspaper.
News-Gazette – A Grayson County newspaper.
Grayson County Tourism – A Grayson County Tourism site.
Leitchfield Tourism – A Leitchfield Tourism site.
Grayson County Chamber – The Grayson County Chamber site.
Kentucky counties
1810 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1810
The Bahamas national football team is controlled by the Bahamas Football Association; it was founded in 1967 and joined FIFA in 1968. Bahamas has never qualified for the FIFA World Cup. In 2011, they withdrew from the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualifiers after playing in the first round.
History
The Bahamas played their first international matches in the 1970 Central American and Caribbean Games, losing their debut 3–0 against Puerto Rico, an 8–1 loss against the Netherlands Antilles and 5–0 to Venezuela. They did manage to get their first draw though, a 2–2 result against the Dominican Republic. The following year, Bahamas participated in the 1971 Pan American Games, achieving their first victory over Dominican Republic 4–2, but failing to exit the group stages. They returned to play in the 1974 Central American and Caribbean Games, and managed a historic 1–0 victory against Panama, but lost 3–0 to Bermuda and 2–0 to the Dominican Republic and was eliminated again in the first round.
Bahamas finished bottom of their group in the 1982 Central American and Caribbean Games and in the 1986 edition, they were given a bye into the quarterfinals due to a withdrawal, however Bahamas were beaten by Cuba and eliminated. They also participated in the qualifying rounds for the 1984 Olympic Games (eliminated by an amateur Mexico team) and the 1988 Olympics (beaten by Guyana). On 28 April 1987, the Bahamas experienced their worst defeat at the hands of the Mexican team, who crushed them 13–0 as part of the qualifying tournament for the 1987 Pan American Games.
In the 1990s, the Bahamas withdrew from 1998 World Cup qualifying, leaving Saint Kitts and Nevis to advance to the next round. Bahamas advanced past the preliminary round 1999 Caribbean Cup, but failed to beat Bermuda (0–6), Cuba (0–7) and the Cayman Islands (1–4) and finished last in their group.
The 2000s saw the Baha Boyz enter three consecutive World Cup qualifiers; 2002, 2006 and 2010 being eliminated by Haiti (aggregate score 13–0), Dominica (aggregate score 4–2) and Jamaica (aggregate score 13–0), respectively. In the 2007 Caribbean Cup they got through the first knockout round but finished in last position in the second qualifying round behind Barbados, Saint Vincent and Bermuda.
In the 2014 World Cup qualifiers, the Bahamas thrashed the Turks and Caicos Islands with an aggregate score of 10–0, advancing to the second phase however, the team withdrew from the competition as the renovations for the Thomas Robinson Stadium were not completed and playing the fixtures at neutral venues would have been financially prohibitive. In the 2018 World Cup qualifying, they faced Bermuda in the first round, losing 8–0 on aggregate. In the first round of 2022 World Cup qualification, Bahamas failed to score a goal, finishing in last place, having conceded 15.
Recent results and forthcoming fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
2022
2023
Coaching history
Randy Rogers (1987)
Gary White (1999–2006)
Neider dos Santos (2006–2010)
Paul James (2011)
Kevin Davies (2011–2014)
Nesley Jean (2014)
Dion Godet (2014–2018)
Nesley Jean (2019–present)
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2022–23 CONCACAF Nations League matches.
Match dates: 3, 7, 10 and 14 June 2022
Opposition: , and (twice)
Caps and goals correct as of:' 14 June 2022, after the match against
Recent call-ups
= Withdrew due to injury
= Preliminary squad
= Training player
= Withdrew (non-injury)
= Retired
Player recordsPlayers in bold are still active with the Bahamas.
Competitive record
FIFA World Cup
CONCACAF Gold Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
CFU Caribbean Cup
Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games
1950–1986: Amateur squads
Head-to-head recordAs of 14 May 2022 after match against ''
References
External links
Bahamas Football Association Website
Bahamas in National Football Teams
Bahamas in FIFA.com
Caribbean national association football teams
The 1992–93 Honduran Liga Nacional season was the 27th edition of the Honduran Liga Nacional. The format of the tournament remained the same as the previous season. Club Deportivo Olimpia won the title after winning the regular season and the final round and qualified to the 1994 CONCACAF Champions' Cup along with runners-up C.D. Petrotela.
1992–93 teams
Marathón (San Pedro Sula)
Motagua (Tegucigalpa)
Olimpia (Tegucigalpa)
Petrotela (Tela)
Platense (Puerto Cortés)
Real España (San Pedro Sula)
Real Maya (Tegucigalpa, promoted)
Súper Estrella (Danlí)
Victoria (La Ceiba)
Vida (La Ceiba)
Regular season
Standings
Final round
Pentagonal standings
Results
The matches C.D. Marathón–Real C.D. España and Real España–F.C. Motagua were canceled due to lack of interest and shared points.
Top scorer
Jorge Arriola (Real Maya) with 19 goals
Álvaro Izquierdo (Motagua) with 17 goals
Squads
Trivia
Super Estrella didn't win a single match this season, and had the worst defense ever with 78 goals conceded in 27 games.
References
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras seasons
1992–93 in Honduran football
Honduras
The Chaudière Bridge (French: Pont de la Chaudière) crosses the Ottawa River about west of Parliament Hill, joining the communities of Gatineau, Quebec and Ottawa, Ontario, linking Rue Eddy in the Hull sector of Gatineau and Booth Street in Ottawa. The bridge is one portion of multiple spans constituting the Chaudière Crossing, which still contain portions of the first bridge linking Ottawa with Hull dating back to the time of Colonel By in the 1820s.
The bridge passes through the E.B. Eddy Company complex adjacent to the Chaudière Falls, from which the bridge gets its name.
Union Bridge
The Chaudière Bridge's earliest predecessor, the 8 span "Union Bridge" was completed under Colonel By's direction in September 1828; the first bridge to link the two young towns. (Its first span, completed January 11, 1827, had been their second attempt at that site, for the first one had collapsed the previous November.) While the main span was a wooden arch, masonry arches were also used for the smaller spans. Thomas McKay had been given contracts to construct two of its stone arches. One of Thomas Burrowes' first assignments during the construction of the Rideau Canal was to help plan and construct the Union Bridge. The bridge had been needed during the construction of the Rideau Canal because Colonel By's initial base of operations was initially in Wright's Town (Hull). The bridge received its name to "symbolize the joining of the Provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada". The wooden truss bridge which spanned the Chaudière Falls collapsed on May 18, 1836. A ferry service was temporarily used until a new bridge was opened in 1843.
Over the years, the main span had to be replaced several times, however much of the original (1827–1828) spans remained in place. The changes that follow refer mostly to the replacement of the main span.
The Union Suspension Bridge, opened on September 17, 1843 (possibly September 17, 1844), was a iron bridge built by Alexander Christie, and designed by Samuel Keefer until 1889 when it was again rebuilt using steel truss construction. The current steel bridge was built by the Dominion Bridge Company in 1919.
Deteriorated condition
Several of the masonry arches dating from 1828 are still in use, just to the north of the current steel bridge. On December 3, 2008, Public Works and Government Services Canada closed the bridge for vehicular and pedestrian traffic after an inspection revealed deterioration in the masonry arches. It was closed immediately in both directions "until further notice." The closure affected commuting across the Ottawa River, including OC Transpo bus routes 8, 88, and 105 which run across the bridge and stop in front of the government offices at Terrasses de la Chaudière. The bridge was partially re-opened one week later with weight restrictions and a reduced speed limit.
The bridge work went under review by the federal government and a decision to repair the bridge spans was made. Consultants used computer-simulations to model the stress and the condition of the arches. Ottawa historian John Taylor had proposed that the government use the opportunity to open up the area to views of the Falls.
In May 2009 the bridge was reopened after repairs to the concrete spans.
2019 flood closure
In late April 2019, authorities announced that the bridge would be closed due to concerns over rising water level caused by the 2019 flood.
Gallery
See also
List of bridges in Ottawa
List of bridges in Canada
List of crossings of the Ottawa River
References
External links
Transport Canada
University of Ottawa
Bridges in Ottawa
Bridges in Gatineau
Bridges completed in 1828
Bridges completed in 1844
Bridges completed in 1892
Bridges completed in 1919
Bridges over the Ottawa River
Road bridges in Ontario
Road bridges in Quebec
Truss bridges in Canada
1828 establishments in Lower Canada
1828 establishments in Upper Canada
1844 establishments in Canada
1892 establishments in Ontario
1892 establishments in Quebec
1919 establishments in Ontario
1919 establishments in Quebec
The (Otto Suhr Institute for Political Science, also OSI) is a research institute of the Free University of Berlin and one of the leading political science institutions in Germany. It is named after Otto Suhr (1894–1957, SPD), a former mayor of Berlin.
The Otto Suhr Institute's political science program is consistently ranked as the top program in Germany and among the top 5 in Europe. It is part of Free University's department of Political and Social Science and offers dual degree programs with Sciences Po Paris. It is the most selective department for political science in Germany.
History
The OSI arose in 1959 from the Deutsche Hochschule für Politik (German Academy for Politics) founded in 1920, which was the leading educational institution for the political elites during the Weimar Republic. Otto Suhr, a professor at the institute who would later become mayor of Berlin, envisioned an institute for the teaching of democracy. The opening ceremony was hosted by the German president Theodor Heuss who proclaimed "the breath of the world will blow through the doors of this institution".
During the German student movement in the late 1960s, the Otto-Suhr-Institut played a significant role and was reckoned a 'leftist' and later an 'alternative' think tank, as it employed radical thinkers such as Johannes Agnoli. However, in present days this reputation is rather legendary than lifelike.
Current activity
The OSI is part of the Department for Political and Social Sciences. It continues to be the leading institute in the field of political science in Germany, focussing on the study of International Relations. Since 2001, Thomas Risse heads the institute's Center for Transnational Relations, Foreign and Security Policy which was founded in 1986 as the Center for Transatlantic Foreign and Security Policy by Helga Haftendorn.
Study Programmes
BA Political Science
BA Political Science for Education
BA Political Science double degree with Sciences Po Paris
MA Political Science
MA International Relations
MA Political Science - European Affairs with Sciences Po Paris
MA Political Science - International Affairs with Sciences Po Paris
MA Public Policy and Management with HEC Paris
MA International Relations with Humboldt University and the University of Potsdam
MA International Relations with Humboldt University, University of Potsdam and Moscow State Institute of International Relations.
International programmes
The institute offers an integrated German-French double-degree Bachelor as well as a double-degree Master programme with the French Grande Ecole Sciences Po Paris (formerly also known as Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris) as well as a German-Russian joint Master's programme in co-operation with the Moscow State Institute of International Relations. It has also successfully developed a Double Degree in Public Policy and Management with the European top-ranking business school, HEC Paris. The German-French double degree programmes are recognised and coordinated by the Franco-German University.
Furthermore, the Institute holds many agreements on academic exchange with international top universities.
Notable faculty
Arnulf Baring, historian and political scientist
Ernst Fraenkel, political scientist
Herta Däubler-Gmelin, former German Minister of Justice
Thomas Risse, international relations scholar
Heinrich August Winkler, historian
Tanja Börzel, European integration and governance scholar
Elmar Altvater, political scientist
Notable alumni
Jakob Augstein, journalist and publisher of Der Freitag
Hermann Scheer, environmentalist
Gesine Schwan, professor of political science
Gabor Steingart, journalist
Anne Will, TV journalist
References
External links
Website of the Otto-Suhr-Institut (English)
Free University of Berlin
Political research institutes
Educational institutions established in 1959
Political science in Germany
1959 establishments in Germany
The Winnemucca Grammar School, located at 522 Lay St. in Winnemucca, Nevada, is a historic school that was designed by architect Richard Watkins in Prairie School style. It was built during 1927–28. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
It was deemed significant as representing the period of rapid growth of Winnemucca from 1915 through the 1920s, and as a "good example" of Prairie Style school architecture. At the time of NRHP listing, the building remained a school, was in "excellent condition", and had been preserved with integrity.
References
Buildings and structures in Humboldt County, Nevada
Winnemucca, Nevada
Education in Humboldt County, Nevada
School buildings completed in 1927
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Humboldt County, Nevada
1927 establishments in Nevada
Prairie School architecture in Nevada
The Cocorova is a left tributary of the river Gilort in Romania. It discharges into the Gilort in Poiana. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Gorj County
The large wren-babbler (Turdinus macrodactylus) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae.
It is found in the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra and Java.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
large wren-babbler
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Sumatra
Birds of Java
large wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Muthumariamman Temple is situated at Narthamalai in Pudukkottai district in Tamil Nadu, India.
Presiding deity
The Muthumariamman is the presiding deity. As the name of the place is Narthamalai, the Goddess is known as Narthamalai Muthumariamman.
Structure
The temple has a five tier gopura, facing east. After crossing the maha mandapa and the artha mandapa the Garbhagriha can be reached. The deity is found in seated position in a calm and composed manner. They have four hands, each having a Kadgam, Kabaalam, Damarugam and Shakthi Hastam. In the shrine of the presiding deity this temple, a Murugan yendiram made of stone on the right side wall is placed.
Specialities
The presiding deity, Muthumariamman, is having the qualities of Muruga. Devotees in order to fulfil their vows take kavadi and 'alaku kuthukuthal' known as piercing the skin, tongue or cheeks. Narada did penance on this hill. So, this place is also called as Naradagiri Malai, referring to the hill of Narada. This hill is found among nine hills known as Mela Malai, Kottai Malai, Kadambar Malai, Parayar Malai, Uvakkan Malai, Alurutti Malai, Bommadi Malai, Man Malai and Pon Malai. In order to give life to those were killed during the Rama-Ravana fight, Hanuman lifted the Sanjeevi Parvatham and was flying with it over the sky. At that time some part felt down and became these hills. They are in the shape of 'Onkara'.
Festivals
During the second Sunday of Tamil month of Panguni, Poochoriyal sprinkling of flowers, is done. During the third Sunday a 10-day festival festival is held. On the ninth day car festival is conducted. Pujas are held four times daily at Kalasanthi (8.00 a.m.), Uttchikkalam (noon 12.00), Sayaratchai (6.00 p.m.) and arthajamam (8.30 p.m.). On the first day of New year, Vijayadashami, Deepavali and Pongal the processional deity would around the temple. More number of devotees would participate during these festivals. On Tuesdays and Fridays devotees in large numbers visit the temple.
Worship time
The temple is opened for worship from 6.00 to 12.00 noon and 4.00 to 8.00 p.m.
References
Hindu temples in Pudukkottai district
Vegetable farming is the growing of vegetables for human consumption. The practice probably started in several parts of the world over ten thousand years ago, with families growing vegetables for their own consumption or to trade locally. At first manual labour was used but in time livestock were domesticated and the ground could be turned by the plough. More recently, mechanisation has revolutionised vegetable farming with nearly all processes being able to be performed by machine. Specialist producers grow the particular crops that do well in their locality. New methods—such as aquaponics, raised beds and cultivation under glass—are used. Marketing can be done locally in farmer's markets, traditional markets or pick-your-own operations, or farmers can contract their whole crops to wholesalers, canners or retailers.
History
Originally, vegetables were collected from the wild by hunter-gatherers and entered cultivation in several parts of the world, probably during the period 10,000 BC to 7,000 BC, when a new agricultural way of life developed. At first, plants which grew locally would have been cultivated, but as time went on, trade brought exotic crops from elsewhere to add to domestic types. Nowadays, most vegetables are grown all over the world as climate permits.
Traditionally it was done in the soil in small rows or blocks, often primarily for consumption on the farm, with the excess sold in nearby towns. Later, farms on the edge of large communities could specialize in vegetable production, with the short distance allowing the farmer to get their produce to market while still fresh. The three sisters method used by Native Americans (specifically the Haudenosaunee/Iroquois) grew squash, beans and corn together so that the plants enhanced each other's growth. Planting in long rows allows machinery to cultivate the fields, increasing efficiency and output; however, the diversity of vegetable crops requires a number of techniques to be used to optimize the growth of each type of plant. Some farms, therefore, specialize in one vegetable; others grow a large variety. Due to the needs to market vegetables while fresh, vegetable gardening has high labor demands. Some farms avoid this by running u-pick operations where the customers pick their own produce. The development of ripening technologies and refrigeration has reduced the problems with getting produce to market in good condition.
Different growing methods
Over the past 100 years a new technique has emerged—raised bed gardening, which has increased yields from small plots of soil without the need for commercial, energy-intensive fertilizers. Modern hydroponic farming produces very high yields in greenhouses without using any soil.
Marketing
Several economic models exist for vegetable farms: A relatively small operation is a market garden while a larger farm may grow large quantities of few vegetables and sell them in bulk to major markets or middlemen, which requires large growing operations. A farm may produce for local customers, which requires a larger distribution effort. A farm may produce a variety of vegetables for sale through an on-Farm Stalls, a local farmer's markets, or a u-pick operation. Such operations differ from commodity farm products like wheat and maize which are less perishable and are sold in bulk to the local granary. Large cities often have a central produce market which handles vegetables in a commodity-like manner, and manages distribution to most supermarkets and restaurants.
In America, vegetable farms are in some regions known as truck farms; "truck" is a noun for which its more common meaning overshadows its historically separate use as a term for "vegetables grown for market". Such farms are sometimes called muck farms, after the dark black soil in which vegetables grow well.
Common vegetable crops
Vegetables which are farmed include:
Fabaceae (pea family): peas, beans, lentils
Solanaceae (nightshade family): tomatoes, eggplants, bell peppers, potatoes
Brassicaceae (mustard family): cauliflower, cabbage, brussels sprouts, broccoli
Allium family: onions, garlic, leek, shallot, chives
Carrots (Apiaceae)
Lettuce (Asteraceae)
Cucurbit family of plants, including melon, cantaloupe, cucumber, calabash, squash, and pumpkin
Sweet corn
See also
Agroecology
Aquaponics
Gardening
Milorganite
Vegetable garden
References
Agronomy
Horticulture
The 25th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on May 22, 1952, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company.
Competition
The winner was Doris Ann Hall, 13, of Hudson, North Carolina, correctly spelling the word vignette. Second place fell to Majorie Follart, 33, of Crafton, Pennsylvania, who failed to correctly spell "farraginous", followed by Mary Ellen Rusk, age 12, of Washington in third place. Follart, a return speller, could also spell any word in reverse. Hall had also been in the prior year spelling bee, but had missed spelling the word "condign".
505 words were used in the competition.
There were 51 contestants this year, 31 girls and 20 boys, ranging in age from 10 to 14.
Benson S. Alleman was pronouncer. The first prize was $500 in cash (plus a loving cup and a plaque for the winner's school), and an appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. Second place received $300, and third $100; the lowest prize to any contestant was $40.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1952 awards
1952 in education
1952 in Washington, D.C.
May 1952 events in the United States
John Daniel Coe (May 26, 1755May 3, 1824) was an American farmer and politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of Daniel Coe (17311777) and Sarah (Palmer) Coe (17301764). They were born, and died, in that part of the Town of Haverstraw, then in Orange County, New York, which was separated in 1791 as the Town of New Hempstead, and renamed in 1829 as Ramapo, now in Rockland County, New York. On June 15, 1788, they married their cousin Sarah Coe (1761–1801), and they had eight children.
Coe was a Federalist member of the New York State Assembly (Orange Co.) in 1789-90, 1791, 1792 and 1794.
They were a member of the New York State Senate (Middle D.) from 1795 to 1798, sitting in the 18th, 19th, 20th and 21st New York State Legislatures.
They died on May 3, 1824, and was buried in the family farm's burial plot.
References
Coe genealogy at RootsWeb
External links
1755 births
1824 deaths
People from Ramapo, New York
People of the Province of New York
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Federalists
Lori Beth Denberg (born February 2, 1976) is an American actor and comedian.  They are best known for their work as an original cast member of the Nickelodeon sketch comedy series All That and for their role as Lydia Liza Gutman on The WB sitcom The Steve Harvey Show.
Early life
Denberg was born February 2, 1976, in the Northridge section of Los Angeles, California.
Career
They began their career appearing on Nickelodeon's All That (from 1994 to 1998), the first three seasons of Figure It Out as a regular panelist (from 1997 to 1998), and then The WB's The Steve Harvey Show (from 1998 to 2002).
On Figure It Out, Denberg had a knack for guessing the correct answer just before the contestant could win the grand prize, often even before the end of the second round, as their questions and guesses were more serious and better thought out, as opposed to the sillier questions and guesses that other panelists (particularly Kevin Kopelow and Danny Tamberelli) would give.
They appeared in the 1997 film Good Burger with fellow All That castmates Josh Server, Kenan Thompson, and Kel Mitchell. They had a minor role in the film Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story in 2004, playing cheerleader Martha Johnstone. Denberg reunited with their All That cast members for the 2011 Comikaze Expo. They joked at the expo that they were now "living out their old age." They made a brief cameo in a 2012 episode of Workaholics as herself.
In February 2018, they joined fellow All That castmates for a semi-reunion on the MTV show Wild 'N Out, which aired the following month. They also appeared in an episode of Double Dare that pit Thompson against Mitchell to assist in the demonstration of physical challenges.
In December 2018, Denberg appeared in “Discontinued”, a special hosted by YouTube star Andre Meadows. The special looks at the rise and fall of the world's most famous discontinued foods, toys, customs, and businesses.
Denberg returned as a recurring guest star in the 2019 revival of All That, reprising their Loud Librarian role and "passing the torch" as the host of Vital Information to new cast member Reece Caddell.
They compete on the twenty-fourth season of Worst Cooks in America, the show's seventh celebrity edition titled Thats So 90s, airing in April and May 2022.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
WedByLB Wedding Officiant Site
1976 births
Living people
20th-century American actores
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American actores
21st-century American comedians
Actresses from Los Angeles
American film actores
American television actores
American women comedians
Comedians from Los Angeles County
People from Northridge, Los Angeles
The Milan tramway network () is part of the public transport network of Milan, Italy, operated by Azienda Trasporti Milanesi (ATM).
In operation since 1881, the network is currently long, making it one of the biggest in the world. It has the unusual track gauge of (Italian gauge), and comprises 17 urban lines.
While the Milan metro is characterized by a low level of centrality, with no more than two lines ever crossing each other at any of the interchange stations, the tram network is substantially centralized, with nearly half of the lines passing or terminating around Piazza del Duomo, the city central square.
History
Horses and steam (1876–93)
Following the establishment of omnibus services in 1841, Milan acquired its first trams on 8 July 1876, upon the inauguration of the Milan–Monza tramway, which was operated by animal traction. The terminus of this line was at Porta Venezia, outside the city limits.
On 24 June 1877, a second tramway was opened between Milan and Saronno, with a terminus at Arco della Pace.
After only a few months, the city government agreed to the laying of rails in the city. The line from Monza was therefore extended up to Piazza San Babila, and the line from Saronno through Piazza d'Armi to Via Cusani, inside the city limits.
A year later, on 6 June 1878, Milan's first steam tramway, to Vaprio, started operations. The success of this line made steam power popular. The existing line to Saronno was therefore extended (1878), and new lines were constructed to Sedriano (1879), Vimercate, Pavia and Lodi (1880), Giussano (1881), and elsewhere. These lines did not form a single network, but were awarded to different companies, and were operated from different termini.
Milan's first urban tramway network, with animal traction, was opened in 1881, at the National Exhibition. This network was laid out radially, with a central terminus in Piazza del Duomo, and lines heading out towards the city gates. It was managed by the Società Anonima degli Omnibus (English: Omnibus Public Limited Company) (SAO).
The Edison era (1893–1917)
In 1892, the Edison company presented a project for the electrification of the urban tramway network. The first stage of this project was an experimental line from Piazza del Duomo to Corso Sempione through new residential areas, to demonstrate the advantages of the new system. A year later works started on the rest of the project. By 1895, Edison had replaced the SAO in managing the network. Electrification was completed in 1901.
In 1910, following an expansion of the network, line numbering was introduced, using numbers from 1 to 30.
The early ATM years (1917–45)
In 1917, the comune of Milan assumed direct control of the city's tramway network, through the Ufficio Tramviario Municipale. A new corporation, the Azienda Tranviaria Municipale (ATM), was established to manage the network's operations.
In 1926, the network was substantially reformed. The so-called "carousel" terminus in Piazza del Duomo, which had become a source of traffic problems for Milan's emerging automobile traffic, was closed. The radial lines previously focused on that terminus were transformed into "V" shaped lines, which called instead at one of two terminals located relatively close together. Additionally, in an effort to discourage passengers from taking unnecessarily long journeys, ATM started selling tickets for single trips, with no set period of validity.
From the following year, until 1930, the 502 members of the now famous series 1500 trams entered Milan's tramcar fleet. These trams, many of which are still in service, were modelled on the then most modern American Peter Witt streetcars.
In 1931, a few tram lines were modified to serve the new Milano Centrale railway station, located several hundred metres north of its predecessor.
The first trolleybus routes in Milan commenced operations in 1933. However, in contrast with many Italian cities, Milan did not replace its trams with this new form of public transport. Trolleybuses were used instead to complement the trams on peripheral routes, and in particular, on Milan's outer ring road. The tramway network, which had been further extended, was still efficient (thanks to Milan's wide streets and many private homes), and was all double track, with spacious and modern tramcars. In the same year, many of the city's bus routes were extended, particularly to outside locations that had been annexed to the comune of Milan in 1923.
In 1939, the extensive long-distance tramway network, electrified in the previous decade by the Società Trazione Elettrica Lombarda (English: Electric Traction Company of Lombardy) (STEL), came under the management of ATM. The urban tramway network reached its peak in the same year. World War II caused serious damage to that network, but the damage was soon repaired.
Contraction and revival (1945–present)
After the war, trams came to be seen as an outdated and inflexible form of transportation for Milan. The Piano Regolatore Generale Comunale (English: General Municipal Plan) (PRGC) of 1953 called for the complete elimination of trams from the city centre, and their replacement with an underground Metro network (a proposal that had already been made before the war).
Implementation of this plan began rapidly. In 1957, work started on the excavation of the first Metro line, leading to the removal of tramway lines from some critical transport axes (Corso Buenos Aires, Corso Vittorio Emanuele, Via Dante, etc.). Closed sections of tramway were not later reinstated, but replaced by new bus routes (Viale Liguria, Via Canonica). On the other hand, two tramway extensions were opened, to serve the new suburbs of Taliedo (1964) and Gratosoglio (1969).
The 1950s and 1960s also saw the closure of almost all of Milan's interurban tramways, and their replacement by bus routes.
A further sharp contraction of the tram network took place on 9 March 1970. In conjunction with the introduction of time based ticketing (in place of tickets for single trips), the network was generally reorganised, with duplicated lines being eliminated. Two years later, trams also disappeared from Corso Garibaldi, to make way for the construction site of Metro line 2.
Nevertheless, the Milan tram network, although reduced, was still modernized. In 1971, new high capacity series 4800 Jumbotrams entered service. Their construction had involved the joining together of body shells of older trams.
Until 1972, all trams carried conductors, but these were phased out between 1972 and 1979, except on the interurban lines, as ATM gradually converted its trams to one-man operation. Running parallel to that programme was ATM's conversion of its urban tram fleet from trolley pole current collection to pantographs, requiring modification of the overhead trolley wiring, which was spread out over several years for reasons of cost and practicality. The conversion to one-man operation and use of pantographs began in August 1972, with a single route (then route 2), and was completed in early 1979 with route 23. The two interurban tram lines to Desio (with branch to Milanino) and Limbiate continued to use trolley-pole-equipped cars until autumn 1983 and October 1986, respectively.
In 1976, the series 4900 trams were ordered, in anticipation of the (never realized) transformation of the trolleybus circular route 90/91 into a light rail service. In 1981, the Via Larga tramway was opened, to reduce transit times in the city centre.
In the early 1990s, despite the opening of the Gratosoglio – Rozzano extension (1992), the tramway network suffered further cuts, triggered by the activation of the third Metro line.
Only in 1994 did a process of revival of the tramways begin, with the establishment of new lines, the restoration of abandoned sections, and the drafting of new guidelines to be implemented to modern standards (fast tram). New tramway lines could therefore be constructed to Bicocca (2002), Niguarda (2003), Porta Lodovica-Piazza Abbiategrasso (2003), Precotto (2007) and Cinisello (2009).
Additionally, the tram fleet has been renewed since the early 1990s, with the entry into service of new series 7000 trams (ADtranz Eurotrams), and the even newer series 7100/7500/7600 trams (Ansaldobreda Sirio and "Sirietto" models), to replace many old trams, of series 1500 and 4800.
Services
The Milan tramway network comprises the following lines:
Urban lines
1 Greco (Via Martiri Oscuri) ↔ Roserio
2 Piazza Bausan ↔ Piazzale Negrelli
3 Duomo (Via Cantù) ↔ Gratosoglio
4 Piazza Castello ↔ Niguarda (Parco Nord) (Metrotranvia Nord)
5 Ortica (Via Milesi) ↔ Ospedale Niguarda
7 P.le Lagosta ↔ Precotto (Via Anassagora) (Metrotranvia di Bicocca)
9 Staz. Centrale (Piazza IV Novembre) ↔ Staz. Genova (Interchange with Italian national rail, M2 and M3)
10 Viale Lunigiana ↔ Piazza XXIV Maggio
12 Roserio ↔ Viale Molise
14 Cim. Maggiore ↔ Lorenteggio
15 Duomo (Via Dogana) ↔ Rozzano (Via Guido Rossa) (Metrotranvia Sud)
16 San Siro Stadium (Piazza Axum) ↔ Via Monte Velino
19 Lambrate (Interchange with M2) ↔ Piazza Castelli
24 Piazza Fontana ↔ Vigentino (Via Selvanesco)
27 Piazza Fontana ↔ Viale Ungheria
31 Bicocca ↔ Cinisello (Via I Maggio) (Metrotranvia di Cinisello)
33 P.le Lagosta ↔ Viale Rimembranze di Lambrate
Interurban lines
178 Milan (Niguarda Parco Nord) ↔ Desio (Milan–Desio tramway) (from late 2011 discontinued)
179 Milan (Comasina) ↔ Limbiate (Milan–Limbiate tramway) (from 2022 discontinued)
Rolling stock
Retired series
In the past, the Milan urban network has been served by the following tramcar series, now retired:
"Edison" (the last one decommissioned in the early 1960s);
Series 600 (decommissioned in the 1960s);
Series 700 (in service until the 1960s, and then rebuilt for internal use as sand spreaders, snowplows, etc.);
Series 3000 (decommissioned in the 1960s);
Series 4000 (the last one decommissioned in the 1970s);
Series 4500 (decommissioned in the mid 1960s);
Series 4800 (ATM/Mauri JumboTram - , three sections) (decommissioned at the end of 2010);
Series 5000 (the last decommissioned at the end of the 1970s);
Series 5100 (decommissioned in 1986);
Series 5200 and 5300 (used in the 1970s to build the Series 4800 trams);
Series 5400 (one used to build the prototype 4801; two sold to ATAC in Rome and then scrapped).
Current fleet
Still in service on the Milan urban network are tramcars of the following series:
Series 1500;
Series 4600 (Stanga/Tibb - 2 sections);
Series 4700 (Stanga/Tibb - 2 sections);
Series 4900 (Fiat Ferroviaria and OMS JumboTram - , 3 sections);
Series 7000 (ADtranz Eurotram - , 7 sections - design by Zagato);
Series 7100 (Ansaldobreda Sirio - , 7 sections - design by Pininfarina);
Series 7500 (Ansaldobreda Sirio - , 5 sections - design by Pininfarina);
Series 7600 (Ansaldobreda Sirio - , 5 sections - design by Pininfarina).
Depots
Milan and its hinterland have several depots for the maintenance and refurbishing of trams.
The ATM operates seven depots (five urban and two interurban), at the following addresses:
Via Ruggero Leoncavallo, 32 - Milano
Via Messina, 41 - Milano
Via Forze Armate, 80 - Milano (known as Baggio depot)
Via Pietro Custodi, 7 - Milano (known as Porta Ticinese depot)
Via Anassagora (Precotto) - Milano
Via Milano, 4 - Varedo (interurban depot)
Corso Italia, 150 - Desio (interurban depot, currently abandoned)
Projects
The southernmost section of Via Ripamonti, running from the Vigentino neighbourhood to the municipal border with Opera is being prepared for an eventual extension of line 24, but no procurement for actual track-laying and tram operation has been approved as of March 2016.
See also
List of town tramway systems in Italy
Railway stations in Milan
History of rail transport in Italy
Rail transport in Italy
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Images of the Milan tramway network, at photorail.com
Images of the Milan tramway network, at railfaneurope.net
This article is based upon a translation of the Italian language version as at March 2011.
Milan
Transport in Milan
Railway lines in Lombardy
Tourist attractions in Milan
1876 establishments in Italy
1445 mm gauge railways
600 V DC railway electrification
Milan
Frank Eliason is an American corporate executive and author. Referred to as "the most famous customer service manager in the US, possibly the world" by BusinessWeek, Eliason is best known for developing the use of social media in the practice of customer relations.
Career
After a brief career in retail, Eliason worked for Vanguard Investments and the now-defunct Advanta Bank. They joined Comcast as executive support manager in 2007 during a period of high-profile public relations issues, including an incident in which 76-year-old Comcast customer Monica Shaw destroyed equipment in a Comcast office with a hammer after becoming frustrated by the service they received. Additionally, Bob Garfield, the host of NPR's On the Media and a columnist for Advertising Age, launched the website ComcastMustDie.com, which attacked the company's customer service. In 2008, Eliason, as part of the team selected to address the issues, created the Twitter account @ComcastCares and began directly responding to customer complaints, which positively impacted the public perception of Comcast. Eliason, who interacted with more than 10,000 Comcast customers via Twitter, was the subject of significant press attention; they were featured in The Wall Street Journal, ABC News, Wired, The Washington Post, BusinessWeek, Forbes and The Philadelphia Inquirer, among other publications, and became known as "Famous Frank" inside Comcast.
In July 2010, Eliason left Comcast to become global director of social media at Citi. At Citi, Eliason was recognized by trade magazine Bank Technology News as one of the Innovators of the Year (2011 and 2012), and in 2013 they were named by the Holmes Report as one of the 25 top innovators in the public relations industry.
Eliason was named executive vice president, US digital and customer experience for Zeno Group in October 2015.
They serve on the board of directors for the Council of Better Business Bureaus and the Society of Consumer Affairs Professionals.
Personal life
Eliason, who grew up in Southampton, Pennsylvania, lives in Robbinsville Township, New Jersey. They and their wife Carolyn have three daughters: Robyn; Lily; and Gianna Rose, who died in 2004.
Bibliography
At Your Service: How to Attract New Customers, Increase Sales, and Grow Your Business Using Simple Customer Service Technique; April, 2012; Wiley; ; 216pp.
References
External links
@ Your Service
1972 births
Living people
American business executives
Writers from New Jersey
Writers from Philadelphia
People from Robbinsville Township, New Jersey
The Dynasty Cup was a men's professional team golf competition between teams representing Asia and Japan. It was played twice, in 2003 and 2005 and took place on the World Cup course at the Mission Hills Golf Club in Shenzhen, China. The event was organised by the Asian Tour and Japan Golf Tour. Asia won both events that were contested.
For sponsorship reasons the 2003 event was called the Phoenix Dynasty Cup presented by VISA while the 2005 event was called the Visa Dynasty Cup.
Format
The teams consisted of 12 golfers. The tournament was played over three days with 6 foursomes matches on the first day, 6 fourball matches on the second day and 12 singles matches on the final day. One point was awarded for each win and a half point for a halved match. With a total of 24 points, a team needed to get 12.5 points to win the Cup.
History
The inaugural event was held 14–16 March 2003. The non-playing captains were Hsieh Min-Nan and Isao Aoki. Asia won by a score of 16½ to 7½.
The second event was held 15–17 April 2005. The team captains were the same as in 2003, Hsieh and Aoki. Charlie Wi was on the original Asia team but withdrew and was replaced by Angelo Que. Asia won by a score of 14½ to 9½.
Results
Teams
Asia
2003: Arjun Atwal, Kang Wook-soon, Lin Keng-chi, Prayad Marksaeng, Jyoti Randhawa, Jeev Milkha Singh, Thammanoon Sriroj, Thaworn Wiratchant, Thongchai Jaidee, Liang Wenchong, Charlie Wi, Zhang Lianwei
2005: Boonchu Ruangkit, Amandeep Johl, Mardan Mamat, Mo Joong-kyung, Prayad Marksaeng, Angelo Que, Jyoti Randhawa, Thammanoon Sriroj, Thaworn Wiratchant, Thongchai Jaidee, Liang Wenchong, Zhang Lianwei
Japan
2003: Hiroyuki Fujita, Keiichiro Fukabori, Yasuharu Imano, Tomohiro Kondo, Katsunori Kuwabara, Hajime Meshiai, Katsumasa Miyamoto, Kiyoshi Murota, Tsuneyuki Nakajima, Nobuhito Sato, Toru Suzuki, Taichi Teshima
2005: Hiroyuki Fujita, Keiichiro Fukabori, Tetsuji Hiratsuka, Takashi Kamiyama, Hideki Kase, Shingo Katayama, Ryoken Kawagishi, Tomohiro Kondo, Shigeki Maruyama, Katsumasa Miyamoto, Toru Suzuki, Takuya Taniguchi
References
Team golf tournaments
Golf tournaments in China
Recurring sporting events established in 2003
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2005
The Wisconsin Chamber Orchestra's Concerts on the Square is an outdoor concert series held in each summer Madison on the lawn of the Wisconsin State Capitol. The series consists of six concerts on Wednesday evenings. It has been called "The Biggest Picnic of Summer". 2022 will be its 38th season.
Concerts in the United States
Culture of Madison, Wisconsin
Tourist attractions in Madison, Wisconsin
Kapitan China Seah Tee Heng (; ? – 1884), also known as Seah Tai Heng, was one of two Chinese members to the Council of State with Tan Hiok Née. In about 1871, they appointed as third Kapitan China of Johor after Kapitan Tan Kee Soon and Kapitan Tan Cheng Hung. They held the kangchu concession for Sekudai Ulu and had a gambier and pepper firm in Johor Bahru. The road starting from Istana Besar to Johor Bahru General Hospital formerly known as Jalan Tai Heng, named after him. But after the 1970s, this road has been renamed as Jalan Tun Dr Ismail and Jalan Abu Bakar.
 They are the father of Seah Leng Chye.
References
http://www.jb-tionghua.org.my/%E6%88%90%E7%AB%8B%E7%AE%80%E5%8F%B2/q?cid=12&doit=showclass
People from Johor Bahru
1884 deaths
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Year of birth unknown
People from Johor
Kapitan Cina
Landry Joel Tsafack N'Guémo (born 28 November 1985) is a retired Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder. They have previously played for Nancy, Bordeaux and Saint-Étienne in France and for Scottish club Celtic on loan. N'Guémo has played for the Cameroon national team since 2006, including at the 2010 and 2014 World Cups.
Club career
Early career
N'Guémo is a native of Dschang, a town in western Cameroon, they played for various local teams in Dschang before moving to Yaounde aged 13.
They spent a short time in EMC.
Nancy
N'Guémo was spotted by scouts of Nancy in Yaoundé and was promptly invited to France where they had trials before signing for the club aged 15. They made their debut aged 19 in August 2005 as a substitute against Lyon in a league match. They made their first start one month later against Troyes.
In January 2009, N'Guémo said they would welcome a move away from the club after being linked by French and English media with moves to Arsenal, Sunderland and Everton.
On 31 January 2009, N'Guémo scored their first goal for Nancy, a dramatic 90th-minute winner in a match against Le Havre. Their second goal for the club also came in dramatic circumstances when they again netted in the 90th minute on 23 May 2009 against Marseille but Nancy were beaten 2–1.
Loan to Celtic
After days of speculation, on 16 July 2009, N'Guémo completed a one-year loan move to Celtic with an option to make it permanent. They wore the number 6 shirt the squad number previously allotted to Bobo Baldé. N'Guemo's debut game came in the 0–0 draw against Cardiff City where they were awarded as Celtic's man of the match.
They made their competitive debut in the first leg of a Champions League qualifying tie against Dynamo Moscow in Glasgow, losing 1–0. They were also part of the team that won 2–0 in the return leg in Moscow, sending Celtic through to play Arsenal in the final qualifier for the Champions League. They made their league debut away to Aberdeen in a 3–1 win for Celtic.
In total N'Guémo made 35 appearances for Celtic without scoring. At the end of their loan period the two clubs were unable to agree a transfer fee for N'Guémo and so they returned to AS Nancy.
Bordeaux
On 4 July 2011, N'Guémo moved from Nancy to Ligue 1 rivals Bordeaux, signing a three-year contract. They played in 33 of Bordeaux's 38 league fixtures in their first season there, helping the club to fifth place and qualification for the following season's Europa League. On 3 October 2013 in a Europa League tie against Maccabi Tel Aviv, N'Guémo suffered what was initially suspected to be a minor heart attack. They were substituted and taken to hospital where they underwent extensive tests, with nothing untoward found. N'Guémo stated on their Twitter account afterwards that "There is nothing serious. I went back home from hospital after an electrocardiogram" and they returned to first team action just over two weeks later in a Ligue 1 match against Lyon.
Saint-Etienne
In January 2015, N'Guémo signed a six-month contract with Saint-Étienne.
Turkish football
On 29 August 2015, N'Guémo signed with Turkish Süper Lig club Akhisar Belediyespor on a three-year contract after being released from Saint-Étienne at the end of the 2014–15 season.
N'Guémo joined another Turkish club, Kayserispor, in January 2017, signing a contract until 2019.
International career
N'Guémo made 42 appearances for Cameroon, scoring 3 times.
Coaching career
After a spell at Norwegian side Kongsvinger in 2019, N'Guémo retired from football. In May 2020, N'Guémo was named U18 manager of french club COS Villers-les-Nancy. In June 2021, N'Guémo was hired as a youth coach at their former club, AS Nancy.
Personal life
N'Guémo is a keen falconer and keeps a modest collection of birds of prey, with their favourite, a white-tailed eagle named Mr George after George Weah.
Honours
Nancy
French League Cup: 2006
Cameroon
Africa Cup of Nations runner-up:2008
References
External links
FIFA Profile
1985 births
Sportspeople from Yaoundé
Living people
Association football midfielders
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
2008 Africa Cup of Nations players
2010 Africa Cup of Nations players
2010 FIFA World Cup players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Celtic F.C. players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
AS Saint-Étienne players
Akhisarspor footballers
Kayserispor footballers
Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball players
Ligue 1 players
Scottish Premier League players
Süper Lig players
Norwegian First Division players
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in France
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
The Ballyhoo Buster is a 1928 American silent Western film. Directed by Richard Thorpe, the film stars Jay Wilsey, Peggy Shaw, and Nancy Nash. It was released on January 8, 1928.
Plot
After selling cattle to two strangers, Bob Warner is later drugged by those same men, who steal the money they had paid for the herd. Penniless, their girl leaves them for a rival suitor. Warner leaves town and meets a medicine show proprietor, who lets them join the show. Warner's job will be to last three rounds with anyone who challenges them in the ring, a "ballyhoo". They become quite a draw, and eventually the show makes an appearance in Warner's home town.  They are challenged by the man who stole their girlfriend. While in the ring with a contestant, they notice the two robbers among the spectators. They knock out the contestant, then chases after the two crooks. In the chase, one of the crooks hops into a car and then loses control, plunging over an incline and killing him. Warner catches up to the other and overcomes him, recovering theirs money.
Cast list
Jay Wilsey as Bob Warner (credited as Buffalo Bill Jr.)
Peggy Shaw as Molly Burnett
Nancy Nash as Dorothy
Albert Hart as Medicine show proprietor
Floyd Shackelford (credited as Floyd Shackleford)
Lafe McKee
George Magrill as Brooks Mitchell
Jack Richardson as Jim Burnett
Walter Brennan
Al Taylor
Production
At the beginning of January, Pathé announced that they would be releasing ten films in January, the first of which would be The Ballyhoo Buster. The film was released on January 8, 1928.
Reception
Motion Picture News gave the film a positive review, calling it "... a well told story, capably acted and directed and with a smattering of events that have not as yet been hashed to death by the makers of films of the great outdoors." The Film Daily also gave it a positive review, highlighting the new different angle for a western film. They enjoyed Buffalo Bill's performance, but felt that Thorpe's direction was only satisfactory, but praised the cinematography of Ries.
References
External links
1928 films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
1928 Western (genre) films
American black-and-white films
Pathé Exchange films
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Gli Orazi e i Curiazi (The Horatii and the Curiatii) is an opera in three acts (azione tragica) composed by Domenico Cimarosa to a libretto by Antonio Simeone Sografi, based on Pierre Corneille's tragedy Horace.
History
The opera was first staged on 26 December 1796 at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice. The première was so unsuccessful that Cimarosa, disappointed, decided to leave the town immediately. The run of the following performances, however, turned into a big success, as would happen twenty years later with Rossini's The Barber of Seville. At least 49 performances were held throughout the season and the opera was later staged in the major European theatres, including Teatro La Scala in Milan and Napoleon's imperial court in Paris. In Europe during the 18th century Italian operas did not normally endure very long in theatres, hardly ever getting through one season. Gli Orazi e i Curiazi, however, kept running for several decades, even after the death of Cimarosa. In Venice, for example, the opera had four further runs during the six years following the première and "more than 130 performances" altogether were staged in the same period.
The opera had several re-adaptations, among which Marcos António Portugal's staged in 1798 is specially notable, and was also employed as the object of the parody La prima prova dell'opera "Gli Orazi e i Curiazi" by Francesco Gnecco on Giulio Artusi's libretto – later to be renamed La prova di un'opera seria – which was also staged in Venice in 1803.
Gli Orazi e i Curiazi was very dear to Napoleon, especially in the Parisian performances of the singer Giuseppina Grassini who was for some time a lover of the Emperor, and of the castrato Girolamo Crescentini — both of whom had been the original creators of the major roles of Horatia and Curiatius in 1796. Grassini would almost always interpolate arias different from the original ones, mostly drawn from Portugal's version.
The opera has been a matter of renewed interest in modern times with several stagings beginning from the Genoese Teatro dell'Opera Giocosa's in 1983, which was also the first world recording, with Curiatius played by the soprano Daniela Dessì. Another notable revival took place at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma in 1989 with the conductor Alan Curtis, Gianna Rolandi as Curiatius and Anna Caterina Antonacci as Horatia.
Artistic features
Gli Orazi e i Curiazi is generally regarded as the best of the eleven opere serie produced by Cimarosa, even though the composer themselves considered 1797's Artemisia, regina di Caria "the most passable" of their works. It represents the typical example, not so much of the second half of the 18th century's dramma per musica in general, as that of the special kind of melodrama which was forced into fashion in the century's last decade, following in the wake of revolutionary France's military successes. The new fashion required melodrama to share in the new times by adequately exalting the republican virtues of ancient Rome. Rodolfo Celletti writes: "Cimarosa had already happened to occupy themselves with Gaius Marius and Junius Brutus, but it was unintentionally. Now with Orazi e Curiazi, and the following year with Attilio Regolo, they were to give a more specific contribution to the exaltation of the republican myths". In the end, however, the composer still remained quite the same and according to Celletti it brought about the conclusion "that the opera hadn't anything intimately tragic or really heroic. ... We have to consider everything according to the use it was conceived for. In Oriazi e Curiazi, an archetype of the classicist and 'republican' drama between the end of the 18th and the beginning of the 19th century, we must see a kind of elegant evolutive operation in ultra-conservatism ... As to musical habit, the republican melodrama by Cimarosa and others was adorned with some more embellishment and accepted clangs of trumpets and some marches in order to remain, substantially, the one it had always been at the time of court theatres: a source of lyric effusions and not of epic [bursts]." The musicologist Francesco Florimo, Bellini's friend, chanced to observe: "sometimes Cimarosa gives themselves up to a more lyric than tragic affection, at other times to vocalisms and graces which can only be borne in the comic genre".
According to Celletti it is rather hard to claim Gli Orazi e i Curiazi as a masterpiece, as it is for such a large part of the second half of the 18th century's Italian opera seria. "Domenico Cimarosa was the standard-bearer of our comic musical theatre and … it is clear that the comic operist not only prevails over the serious one but it rather often gets out of their control and inspires him". So it happens in the duet between Curiatius and Horatius that opens with "the solemnity of the typical duets of challenge (Quando nel campo armata …)", only to pass soon, almost imperceptibly, "to the tenderness and the abandon of A questi accenti adesso …". Celletti says it is true for all the most noted pages of the opera, first of all Curiatius's Quelle pupille tenere. The only possible exception is Oratius's Se alla patria ognor donai, which constitutes instead "an example of heroic aria for a tenor of buskined melodrama", which was to remain in full vogue till Rossini beginnings, "central range, periodical ascending intervals to give vigour and fit to the melody, short melismas or descending scales to strengthen its aulic expression, and intensification of the melismas when the Allegro A voi tutti il vivo lampo begins."
Celletti also says that Cimarosa got to give the best of their inspiration in the grand scene of the subterranean temple in act two: "An orchestral introduction, solemn and mysterious, is followed by other orchestral moments of a descriptive character that show how brilliantly certain operists of ours could catch the element either mysterious or fearful or horrid without imitating nature slavishly…; but in the meantime the beautiful recitatives of Curiatius and of Horatia and Curiatius'Andantino Ei stesso intrepido intersect, to come to the great resumption of the other solo voices and of the chorus (Regni silenzio muto, profondo)."
The final furious duet between Marcus Horatius and Horatia is unusual in Metastasio melodrama, but was reported to be "greatly appreciated" by the public. In the première it was performed by two of the most imposing coeval singers: the young beautiful man-eater diva (and great cantatrice), Grassini, and the handsome heroic tenor Matteo Babini (or Babbini), who, besides being a cultured, most refined and expressive singer, could undoubtedly cut a worthy figure by their side, not surely lacking in phisique du rôle (he was tall, blond, slender and with a very fine countenance).
Cimarosa's vocal writing is extremely measured, avoiding high tessitura, long vocalizations, acrobatics and excessive ornamentation — save, to a small extent, in Marcus Horatius' heroic aria. Celletti comments on this "Cimarosa's coloratura is one of those we can define as wide, opposed to the minute coloraturas of some baroque operists or of the Neapolitan period's Rossini. Hence the performers have not the discretion but the duty of integrating the composer's writing with variations, reductions and interpolation of cadenzas, especially in the da capo".
Synopsis
The action takes place in Rome during the war against the town of Alba Longa. The protagonists of the opera are two families, the Horatii from Rome and the Curiatii from Alba. In spite of the state of war the two families are connected as a girl from the Curiatii, Sabina, has married Marcus Horatius, the designate heir of the Roman family. During a truce in the war Horatius' daughter Horatia is in their turn given in marriage to their beloved Curiatius, leader of the Alban family. In order to avoid further major damage the two kings, Tullus Hostilius and Mettius Fufetius, reach an agreement to settle contention between the two towns through a limited encounter to the death between six champions, three from the Horatii and three from the Curiatii. The news of the agreement drives the two families to despair as the two sisters-in-law are doomed to weep over the death of either their husbands or their brothers.
In act two Horatia and Sabina, supported by the people and the priests, endeavour to prevent the abomination of a mortal challenge between relatives by swarming over the Campo Martio just as the struggle is about to start. They manage to wring a postponement in order to allow Apollo's oracle to be consulted. Both families warriors accept this decision reluctantly. Act two ends in a grand scene in the vaults of Apollo's temple: at first Curiatius and Horatia appear there alone, later they are joined by all the others and Curatius bewails the sad fate of those who are possibly going to shed their relatives' blood. Finally the oracle's voice proclaims that the challenge must go on.
Act three is shorter than the others and is generally staged along with act two. After a farewell scene between Curiatius and Horatia it shows the final encounter between Marcus Horatius, victorious in the fight, and their distressed sister. Horatia, rebelling against their fate, calls down curses from the gods upon their native town which has driven their husband to a bloody death and is in their turn slain by their furious ruthless brother and flung headlong down the staircase.
Roles
References
Notes
Sources
Celletti, Rodolfo, Introductory essay, which has been quoted directly from its English translation save few minor, but necessary, adaptations from booklet accompanying the first world recording of Gli Orazii e i Curiazii, Bongiovanni, 1983
Florimo, Francesco, La Scuola Musicale di Napoli e i suoi Conservatori con uno sguardo sulla storia della musica in Italia, 4 volumes, Morano, Naples, 1880–82 (anastatic reprint: La Scuola Musicale di Napoli e i suoi Conservatori, Forni, Bologna, 2002.
Gualerzi, Giorgio, Una volta e poi più in Teatro dell'Opera's programme for the performances of Gli Orazi e i Curiazi, Rome, 1989
Lazarevich, Giordana, "Oriazi e i Curiazi, Gli" in Stanley Sadie (ed.), The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, Grove (Oxford University Press), New York, 1997, III, pp. 717–718.
Marinelli, Carlo, Le edizioni in dischi in Teatro dell'Opera's programme for the performances of Gli Orazi e i Curiazi, Rome, 1989
Morelli, Giovanni, «E voi pupille tenere», uno sguardo furtivo, errante, agli «Orazi» di Domenico Cimarosa e altri in Teatro dell'Opera's programme for the performances of Gli Orazi e i Curiazi, Rome, 1989
Morelli, Giovanni and Elvidio Surian, La revisione musicalein Teatro dell'Opera's programme for the performances of Gli Orazi e i Curiazi, Rome, 1989
Rossini, Paolo, Orazi e i Curiazi, Gli, in Gelli, Piero and Poletti, Filippo (editors), Dizionario dell'opera 2008, Milano, Baldini Castoldi Dalai, 2007, pp. 932–933, (reproduced online at Opera Manager)
Other sources
Toscano, Silvia, (ed.), Itinerario di un'avventura critica in Teatro dell'Opera's programme for the performances of Gli Orazi e i Curiazi, Rome, 1989
External links
Libretto de Gli Orazi e i Curiazi
1796 operas
Italian-language operas
Opera seria
Operas
Operas by Domenico Cimarosa
Opera world premieres at La Fenice
Operas based on works by Pierre Corneille
The 2021–22 season was the 103rd season in the existence of AS Saint-Étienne and the club's 18th consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Saint-Étienne participated in this season's editions of the Coupe de France.
On 29 May 2022, the club's relegation to the second division was confirmed after 18 years in the top tier.
Players
First-team squad
As of 4 February 2022.
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Relegation play-offs
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goalscorers
References
AS Saint-Étienne seasons
Saint-Étienne
Hall-Scott Motor Car Company was an American manufacturing company based in Berkeley, California. It was among the most significant builders of water-cooled aircraft engines before World War I.
History
1910–21
The company was founded in 1910 by Californians Elbert J. Hall and Bert C. Scott to manufacture engines for automobiles and later expanded the production of engines for trucks and airplanes as well as gasoline-powered rail cars and locomotives. Hall was a mechanic and engine builder and Scott, Stanford University-educated, was the business executive. They produced their first rail car in 1909, which they sold to the Yreka Railroad. In 1910, a factory was opened in Berkeley, California, with headquarters for a short time in San Francisco. The company built interurban electric railway cars for railroads such as the electrified Sacramento Northern, which ran trains from adjacent Oakland to Sacramento and Chico. The rail car business was slow, but some were sold as far away as China.
In 1910, Hall-Scott also began manufacturing aircraft engines for commercial and military aviation. These engines possessed a remarkable power-to-weight ratio for the era, using an overhead cam, overhead valves, hemispherical combustion chamber, and extensive use of aluminum. Their various engine types shared parts and dimensions, reducing cost. Hall helped Jesse G. Vincent of Packard design the famous Liberty airplane engine, which has a number of features that are discernibly Hall-Scott. It was initially called U.S.A Standardized Aircraft Engine. Even so, Hall-Scott was too small to participate in the manufacture of the Liberties.
1921–45
Around 1921, Hall-Scott dropped its aero engine and rail car product lines, and expanded into building engines for tractors, trucks, boats, and stationary applications. The firm produced several hundred thousand two-speed rear axles, the Ruckstell Axle, for Ford's Model T through the mid-1920s.
In 1921, E. J. Hall began developing the valve system of Duesenberg racing engines and developed new cam lobe profiles that improved engines' reliability and power output. Their research provided an understanding of the importance of the gradual opening and closing of valves and the effect this had on valve spring durability in high-speed engines. The designs they specified gave Duesenberg an immediate advantage and were quickly copied and applied to all high-speed engines using poppet valves, which continued to the present day. This work was done in Berkeley, suggesting that Hall may have used their company's resources.
In 1925, the company was purchased by American Car and Foundry, which used its engines in its buses and boats. 1931 saw the introduction of the Invader marine engine, one of the firm's most famous and important products. The company survived the Depression and then attained its highest production rates and employment numbers in World War II by building engines for a variety of military products, including a tank retriever, the M-26/M-26A1, and the Higgins boat (LCVP).
1945–60
Some post-World War II ACF-Brill buses manufactured in Philadelphia and purchased by Greyhound and Trailways were equipped with Hall-Scott engines. Its last all-new motor, the 590, came out in 1954.
That year, ACF divested itself of Hall-Scott, which became independent as Hall-Scott, Inc. Annual engine sales remained below 1,000 in the 1950s, so the company sought revenue by purchasing a number of firms outside engine making. This had little effect on the bottom line, and so in 1958 Hall-Scott sold its engine division to Hercules Motors Corporation and closed the Berkeley plant. The final engines bearing the Hall-Scott name were produced by Hercules in Canton, Ohio, in the late 1960s.
In 1960 Hall-Scott disappeared as a discrete company when the non-engine division of the company merged with Dubois Holding Company.
Museum exhibits
Two Hall-Scott interurban coaches from the former Sacramento Northern Railroad (serial numbers 1019 and 1020) are at the Western Railway Museum at Rio Vista, California. The 1020 is restored to its original coach/trailer configuration.
Nevada Copper Belt 21 (1910 100 hp) is stored "serviceable" at the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento.
The body of Nevada Copper Belt 22 (ex Salt Lake & Utah 503 1913 150 hp) is at the Nevada State Railroad Museum in Carson City.
Products
Aircraft engines
Automotive engines
Marine engines
See also
Hunt Boat Company Rescue Boats that used Hall-Scott Invader Marine Engine.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Powerhouse Museum Collection : Hall-Scott Motor Car Co.
Berndt, Thomas. Standard Catalog of U.S. Military Vehicles 1940-1965. Iola, WI: Krause Publications, 1993.
Bradford, Francis & Ric Dias, Hall-Scott; The Untold Story of a Great American Engine Maker (SAE, Int'l: Warrendale, 2007)
Dias, Ric, History of Hall-Scott
Gunston, Bill, World Encyclopaedia of Aero Engines (Patrick Stephens: Wellingborough, 1983), p. 73
External links
The Hall-Scott Factory ca. 1917 : Oakland Public Library
History and photo website
Marine engine manufacturers
Motor vehicle engine manufacturers
Defunct aircraft engine manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Berkeley, California
Manufacturing companies based in California
1910 establishments in California
American companies established in 1910
Engine manufacturers of the United States
Vernon County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Nevada, Vernon County, Missouri. It was built between 1906 and 1908. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The Romanesque Revival style building is constructed of Carthage stone; its architect was R.G. Kirsch of St. Louis. The appropriation for the building was $75,000. Three years after its completion, at a cost of $95,215.38, electric light fixtures were installed throughout the building; and a judge's chamber, jury room, and library were added adjacent to the courtroom.
The current Vernon County Courthouse was the third one to be built in Nevada; the first was a two-story building one block west of the present day courthouse. In addition to the court, it was also used for church services.
At the outbreak of the Civil War, the population of Nevada was 425. The first courthouse was burned during the Civil War. On 2 May 1863, a group of pro-Union militiamen from neighboring Cedar County stormed the courthouse, only to be killed by the Vernon County defenders. When the Union men did not return home, a larger militia force rode on Nevada. They gave the inhabitants 15 minutes to gather their belongings, then burned the entire town to the ground.
Within the courthouse on the arched walls outside the courtroom, beautiful painted murals of the prairie have long been hidden beneath layers of paint and need to be recovered. Also on the property is the contributing granite and bronze William Joel Stone Monument (1934-1935), a memorial to Missouri politician William J. Stone (1848-1918).
This building was sold, by auction, for $35,000, in June 2012.
References
County courthouses in Missouri
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Romanesque Revival architecture in Missouri
Government buildings completed in 1908
1908 establishments in Missouri
Buildings and structures in Vernon County, Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in Vernon County, Missouri
Georg Friedrich Schmidt (24 January 1712, Wandlitz - 25 January 1775, Berlin) was a German engraver, etcher and pastel painter, in the Rococo style.
Life and work
Their parents were cloth makers, and it was originally intended that they would follow them into the trade, but they displayed artistic talent at an early age. When they were fourteen, they were allowed to take lessons at the Prussian Academy of Arts. On the advice of their teachers, an apprenticeship for them was obtained with the engraver, .
In the 1730s, they began their mandatory military service, but continued to produce engravings. After doing one of then-Crown Prince Frederick they were released from service, through the intercession of Frederick's mentor, Friedrich Wilhelm von Grumbkow, and started their own business.
During their time at the Academy, they befriended the Director and court painter, Antoine Pesne, who was originally from France. Pesne provided them with a recommendation to the painter, Nicolas Lancret, so they could continue their studies in Paris. In 1736, together with their former fellow-student and friend, , they left Berlin and headed there. While passing through Straßburg, they met the engraver, Johann Georg Wille, and they joined them. Schmidt and they shared a room for several years, while waiting for admission to the Académie Royale de Peinture et de Sculpture, and became close friends. A small pension from then-King Frederick helped them live in relative ease.
, "Engraver to the King", took them into their workshop, where they completed a seven-month training course; engraving portraits for art dealers and providing some illustrations for the publisher, . In 1740, with some assistance from Hyacinthe Rigaud, they became self-employed. In 1742, King Louis XV officially granted permission for Protestants to attend the Académie Royale. The following year, however, they accepted an offer to become a court engraver back in Berlin. They returned there in the middle of the Second Silesian War, and their first major assignment was creating tactical maps of the battles of Kesselsdorf and Soor, which were published in 1746. That same year, they married Dorothée Luise Viedebandt, whose father was Director of the Russian Trading Company in Berlin. A large dowry may have been a factor. Two years later, their son August was born. They turned out to be an unruly child, who sometimes sold their father's works secretly and squandered the money.
Much of their work involved illustrating King Frederick's writings, although they also produced portraits and copies of the works of Rembrandt. Following the outbreak of the Seven Years' War, the demand for art decreased dramatically, and tensions rose at the court. As did many of their colleagues, they accepted an invitation from Empress Elizabeth of Russia and went to St. Petersburg on leave, without their family. They would spend five years there. From 1758, they were the head of an engraving school. Most of their work involved portraits. Despite numerous requests for them to stay, they left shortly after Elizabeth's death, in 1762, and returned to Berlin. August died in 1766, aged only eighteen.
Having established their reputation throughout Europe, they soon became a wealthy man and was able to acquire a collection of original etchings by Rembrandt. They did, however, continue to give lessons at the Prussian Academy. Over the years, their style fell out of fashion, and they found themselves slowly being overshadowed by younger engravers who were willing to work for less. Dorothée died in 1771, and Georg followed in 1775, aged sixty-three. Their estate was sold at auction. Their tomb, in the Luisenstädtische Kirche, was destroyed along with the church during World War II.
Selected works
Sources
Nachricht von Hrn. Georg Friedrich Schmidt in Berlin. In: Carl Heinrich von Heineken (Ed.): Nachrichten von Künstlern und Kunst-Sachen. Vol.1, Krauß, Leipzig 1768, pp.164–174 (Online).
Georg Kaspar Nagler: Neues allgemeines Künstler-Lexicon oder Nachrichten von dem Leben und den Werken der Maler, Bildhauer, Baumeister, Kupferstecher, Formschneider, Lithographen, Zeichner, Medailleure, Elfenbeinarbeiter etc. Fünfzehnter Band: „Santi, Antonio – Schoute, Jan“. Verlag von E. A. Fleischmann, München 1845, pp.299–337
Joseph Eduard Wessely: Kritische Verzeichnisse von Werken hervorragender Kupferstecher. Band 1: Georg Friedrich Schmidt. Verzeichniss seiner Stiche und Radirungen. Haendcke & Lehmkuhl, Hamburg 1887 (Online).
Paul Seidel: Zur Geschichte der Kunst unter Friedrich dem Großen. In: Hohenzollern-Jahrbuch. Forschungen und Abbildungen zur Geschichte der Hohenzollern in Brandenburg-Preußen 5, 1901, pp.60–86 (Online).
Paul Dehnert: Georg Friedrich Schmidt, der Hofkupferstecher des Königs. In: Jahrbuch Preußischer Kulturbesitz Vol.16, 1979, pp.321–339.
Rainer Michaelis: Betrachtungen zum malerischen Werk des preußischen Hofkupferstechers Georg Friedrich Schmidt (1712–1775). In: Jahrbuch Preußischer Kulturbesitz Vol.35, 1999, pp.221–235.
External links
Works by Schmidt @ the Virtuelles Kupferstichkabinett
Works by Schmidt, Online-Collection of the Staatlichen Kunstsammlungen Dresden
70 works by Schmidt @ the Fogg Art Museum
Neil Jeffares: „Schmidt, Georg Friedrich“ (PDF). In: Dictionary of pastellists before 1800
"Georg Friedrich Schmidt (1712–1775): The Royal Engraver" @ the Hermitage Museum
1712 births
1775 deaths
German engravers
German etchers
Pastel artists
Prussian Academy of Arts alumni
Prussian Academy of Arts faculty
People from Barnim
The Fortaleza Brazil Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Fortaleza, Brazil.
History
The intent to construct the temple was announced by church president Thomas S. Monson on October 3, 2009, during the church's semi-annual general conference. The temple was announced concurrently with the Brigham City Utah, Concepción Chile, Fort Lauderdale Florida and Sapporo Japan temples. At the time, they brought the total number of temples worldwide to 151. At the time of its dedication, it was the church's 164th temple and the seventh in Brazil.
As of May 2014, government approval had been granted for the temple's redesigned plans, with permission to begin construction. A general contractor was being hired to commence with full-scale operations. Although a groundbreaking ceremony, presided over by David A. Bednar, was held in November 2011, the original double-tower design of the temple was denied due to nonconformance to the city plan, leading to the decision to redesign.
On January 10, 2019, the LDS Church announced that a public open house is scheduled to be held from April 27 through May 19, 2019, excluding Sundays. The temple was dedicated by Ulisses Soares on June 2, 2019.
In 2020, the Fortaleza Brazil Temple was closed temporarily during the year in response to the coronavirus pandemic.
See also
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
Temple architecture (Latter-day Saints)
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Brazil
References
External links
Fortaleza Brazil Temple Official site (Official in English)
Templo de Fortaleza Brasil Official site (Official in Portuguese)
Fortaleza Brazil Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
Buildings and structures in Ceará
Buildings and structures in Fortaleza
Temples (LDS Church) completed in 2019
Temples (LDS Church) in Brazil
Jennifer Eliogu (born April 30, 1976) is a Nigerian actor and singer mainly notable for being an actor. In 2016, Eliogu received the Special Recognition Award at the City People Entertainment Awards for their contributions to the Nigerian movie industry. Eliogu, In 2014 for their role in empowering women, was presented the Award For Excellence at the African Women Leadership Conference which took place in the United States of America.
Early life and education
Eliogu is from Idemili in Anambra State, a southeastern geographical area of Nigeria but was raised in Lagos state, which is in the southwest of Nigeria. Eliogu obtained a diploma from the University of Jos and obtained their B.Sc. degree from Lagos State University.
Career
Eliogu in 1997 officially debuted into the Nigerian movie industry with the movie titled House On Fire. Eliogu briefly exited the Nigerian movie industry and delved into music professionally in 2012 and released their first music project titled Ifunanya which was nominated for an award in that same year for Best R&B Video at the Nigeria Music Video Awards (NMVA).
Among other notable personalities Nollywood they have worked with includes, Rich Tanksley, Kenneth Okolie, Susan Peters, Bolanle Ninalowo, Moyo Lawal, Desmond Elliot, Rukky Sanda among others. They encourage your actores that talent will take them far and not nudity.
Awards and nominations
Acting career
Eliogu was awarded the Special Recognition Award at the City People Entertainment Awards In 2016.
They also have an Award for excellence at the 2014 African Women Leadership Conference held in United States Of America for their role in empowering women.
Music career
Eliogu's music project titled Ifunanya was nominated for Best R&B Video at the Nigeria Music Video Awards (NMVA)
Personal life
Eliogu is married and has two children.
Selected filmography
A Little White Lie (2017)
A Time To Heal (2017)
Plane Crash (2008)
Sisters Love (2008)
Risky Affair (2004)
Faces Of Beauty (2004)
Love And Pride (2004)
Moment Of Confession (2004)
My Blood (2004)
Schemers : Bad Babes (2004)
See also
List of Nigerian actors
References
External links
Living people
21st-century Nigerian actores
1976 births
Nigerian film actores
Actresses from Anambra State
University of Jos alumni
Lagos State University alumni
Nigerian singers
Igbo actores
Carin John Wilson (born 2 March 1945) is a New Zealand studio furniture maker, sculptor and design educator. They were a leader in the country's craft movement in the 1970s, 80s and 90s and was one of the inaugurators of the design showcase Artiture in 1987.  They are a descendant of the Ngāti Awa ancestor Te Rangihouhiri and the founding chairperson of Ngā Aho, a design initiative that advocates for collaborative and creative practices among professionals within the Māori tribal structure and community. The Whitecliffe College of Arts and Design conferred Wilson with an Honorary Diploma in Art and Design; in 2002 they received an inaugural Toi Iho mark, a registered Māori trademark of authenticity. Their design practice, Studio Pasifika, has been in operation since 1993. Wilson is included in Helen Schamroth's 100 New Zealand Craft Artists, Douglas Lloyd Jenkins' At Home: A Century of New Zealand Design, and Michael Smythe's New Zealand by Design: a History of New Zealand Product Design.
Background
Wilson's ancestry embraces both of New Zealand's founding cultures, Māori and European. Their maternal grandparents were Italian, and their paternal grandfather, a Scot named Andrew Wilson, married Anahera Kingi. They were born and raised in the South Island and enrolled at Victoria University of Wellington in 1963 to study law. Soon bored with their legal studies, they found employment as a sales representative for a Māori publishing company, during which they trained in organization and methods. Following a trip overseas where they indulged their fascination with art in the cathedrals and museums of Europe, they returned to their birthplace, Christchurch.
Their woodworking occurred out of necessity when Wilson and their wife, Jenney, purchased a small cottage in the Heathcote Valley. The family needed furniture and Wilson adapted old kauri (Agathis australis) tubs, found on the property, into serviceable items. The involvement with wood was transformative:
Wilson tried to find an education programme that would complement their self-teaching but, at the time, Christchurch Polytechnic offered only carpentry courses. This absence in the availability of design/make training would have a subsequent influence on Wilson's agenda as president of the Crafts Council of New Zealand (CCNZ); in the meantime they honed their skills by doing. Their first major exhibition was in 1974 at the Canterbury Building Centre: a buyer from McKenzie & Willis, the furniture retailer, purchased the entire inventory of occasional tables, shelf units and cupboards. As a consequence, Wilson established Adzmarc, rented a studio in the Artists Quarter in central Christchurch, hired employees, and made furniture in a rustic, textured style that was wholesaled to McKenzie & Willis for the next five years.
Community connections
Seeing the need for woodworkers to come together for camaraderie and sharing techniques, Wilson instigated the Canterbury Guild of Woodworkers in 1978. This was the first of New Zealand's woodworking guilds. Their networking put them in touch with members of the CCNZ and they became involved in the organization at the national level as its southern regional representative. As the first furniture practitioner to sit on the executive of the CCNZ, they were able to bring woodworking to the attention of the membership; subsequently, furniture workshops, exhibitions and invitations to prominent international makers featured on the CCNZ's calendar and in its publications.
Wilson's awareness of the paucity of educational opportunities for designer/craftspeople prompted them to promote education as a significant mandate during their tenure as president of the CCNZ (1981–1983). In their first message as president they stated: "I am also keen to see greater participation by young people in the craft movement, and would hope that we can encourage school leavers to consider the crafts as providing a viable alternative to other employment, so that a proper master-student relationship can be encouraged with some of our experienced artists". In 1982 they were successful in applying to the Arts Council of New Zealand for a travel grant to enable them to visit art schools in the United States and Europe, to learn about curriculum and look at studio facilities so that New Zealand might inaugurate similar programmes. Wilson's report, as a consequence of this trip, for the Minister of the Arts, Allan Highet, was passed on to the Director-General of Education, William Renwick, thereby launching the process to establish the certificate and diploma programmes in craft design in polytechnics throughout the country in 1986 and 1987.
Wilson served on a number of boards: the executive board of the World Crafts Council (1984–87), Crafts Education Advisory Committee (1985–1988), the Designers Institute of New Zealand (council member 1991-93; president 1994), the Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council's arts marketing working party (1991–92), the New Zealand Qualifications Authority's craft advisory panel (1992), and the New Zealand Craft Resource Trust (1997). Bodies like the Arts Marketing Board of Aotearoa (AMBA) and the Craft Resource Trust were established to address the vacuum that was left by the dissolution of the Crafts Council of New Zealand in 1992.
Following the demise of the CCNZ, Wilson concentrated on involvement in projects that tapped into their Māori heritage. Wilson was responsible, along with interior designer Chris van Ryn, for the interiors for the Māori Television Service's studios in 2004. Four years later, ongoing dedication to design education provoked Wilson's involvement with Ngā Aho. This association of design professionals aims to dispel "Euro-centrically biased" academic curricula. According to Wilson, "There was simply no call to examine whether there were relevant parallel practices within the indigenous culture that were just called something different." Wilson also collaborates with Rau Hoskins in teaching at Unitec Institute of Technology with assignments, like building shelters, that reflect the wisdom of indigenous materials and techniques.
Furniture portfolio
In 1982, Wilson moved their family to Auckland to be closer to their Māori roots in Whakatane The relocation also brought them closer association with Auckland's design and art community. John Parker (ceramics) and Terry Stringer (sculpture) provided segues to exhibition opportunities, and once their studio was established in Mount Eden, they continued to be a prolific and accomplished furniture maker.
One of Wilson's major commissions was for the Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council headquarters in Wellington. In 1985 nine furniture makers were invited to submit designs for three projects: a boardroom table and sixteen chairs, furniture for the director's office, and furniture for the reception area and offices. After a two-stage selection process, Wilson was awarded the boardroom project. The brief for the table stated that it must be multi-purpose, accommodating both small and large meetings. The chairs were an adaptation of a design that the Department of Foreign Affairs commissioned from Wilson as New Zealand's gift to the new Republic of Vanuatu.
In addition to these precisely-crafted functional pieces, Wilson created alternative forms of furniture that explored narrative. These were exhibited at the annual 'Artiture' furniture exhibitions (1987-1993) in Auckland, where the participants aimed "to design furniture that was art, not constricted by the necessity of the pieces having to be a commercial proposition". The primary example in Wilson's Artiture oeuvre was Royal Pain in the Arse, a chair whose literal pointed humour made reference to the Crown. Also in the narrative vein, Lair for a Lounge Lizard, created for the Contemporary Furniture Show at the Auckland Museum in 1988, explored the new notion of the home office. Lair was not selected for display in the Contemporary Furniture Show, prompting Wilson and other rejected designers to stage a salon de refusés at the Gow Langsford Gallery. The publicity generated by the furore surrounding the Australian judge's selection contributed to the Auckland Museum exhibition and its alternative being noteworthy events in the history of New Zealand studio furniture. The works of a number of the exhibitors in the 1992 Artiture display at the Museum were purchased and selected to tour through five cities in Japan in 1993.
The last major exhibition of furniture in New Zealand took place at the Dowse Art Museum in Lower Hutt in 1997. Entitled Framed it was co-curated by Wilson and Humphrey Ikin. The display, consisting of the work of 23 studio furniture makers, was described by Ikin as "a slice through to highlight this cross-section: the work of younger designers who had not exhibited previously, alongside the not so young; experienced practitioners beside recent design graduates". Although there have been regional exhibitions and gallery shows dedicated to individual makers, Framed spelled the end of national visibility for studio furniture.
Sculpture
During 1993-95 Wilson assisted with the compilation and presentation of evidence for Ngāti Awa's claim against the Crown through the Waitangi Tribunal, a commission of enquiry relating to actions or omissions of the Crown that breached the promises made in New Zealand's 1840 founding Treaty of Waitangi between Māori and the Crown. At the conclusion of the hearings Wilson began work on their first solo exhibition of sculpture, They Rahi to Whakamau kotahi i te Pirita, which translates as ‘to be entangled in the supplejack [a twisted vine Ripogonum scandens] once is sufficient.' This statement is attributed to the prophetic figure Te Kooti as they reflected on their experience of dealing with the Crown during this period in New Zealand history. Sculpture exhibitions in 2003, 2005, and 2011 have continued to be inspired by Wilson's Māori heritage and personal philosophical and political views."The Fourth Perspective" at the Judith Anderson Gallery in Auckland in 2001 was a group show in which Wilson's table, made of puriri and metal, retained the tunnels eaten by puriri moths as symbolic of the beauty yet reality of nature. "I O E A U" at Artis Gallery in Auckland in 2003 transferred the marks made by Māori signatories to the Treaty of Waitangi, into three-dimensional forms in steel, wood glass and stone. "Re-patterning" (2011), that explored the relationships between the universe and the changes wrought by its human inhabitants, was described by Wilson: "If we re-pattern our behaviour and really look carefully at how we've got to re-engage with the systems that are a part of us, then we'd have some different outcomes."
Wilson is represented by Artis Gallery; their sculpture uses a variety of materials, making reference to landscape, environment and culture. Their work is held in public and private collections nationally and internationally. Their Pukeruru studio continues to pursue the principle, initiated in the 1980s, of the establishment of learning opportunities in the creative industries. The studio provides opportunities for short-term residencies and internships while encouraging a pragmatic approach to the importance of a sound business practice.
References
The contents of this article are adapted from
1945 births
Living people
Ngāti Awa people
New Zealand people of Italian descent
New Zealand people of Scottish descent
People from Christchurch
Furniture makers
New Zealand Māori artists
20th-century New Zealand sculptors
21st-century New Zealand sculptors
20th-century New Zealand male artists
21st-century New Zealand male artists
Luwr (or Luvr; Turkish: Lura, Hungarian: Búvár), is a legendary female animal in Turkic and Nivkh mythologies. It is the creator wildduck.
In Creation Myths
In the Altai creation myth, in the beginning of the Earth emanated from Water. In ancient Turkish beliefs, Tangri (God) Kaira Khan is a pure, white goose that flies constantly over an endless expanse of water (time). But before Ak-Ana appears to urge Kaira Khan to create, they experience a disturbance of their calm. From the bottom of the Water a "sacred duck" Lura lifted up the sand, clay and silt, from which the Earth was created. Water was the initial state of everything in existence.
In ancient Turkic beliefs, Tangri (God) Kara Han is a pure, white goose that flies constantly over an endless expanse of water (time). As a gander, Kara-han is lord of the three realms of air, water and land.
In Hungarian mythology, the sea duck is a spirit animal because ducks fly in the air and dive in the water. Thus ducks belong to both the upper world and the world below. The Sun takes the form of a golden diving-duck to retrieve the first living creatures from the bottom of the sea. Arany Atya asked the duck to bring up mud from below the water to create land. But they hid the mud in their mouth, and they were punished by having their legs broken so they could not walk.
In Literature
Chinghiz Aitmatov in their book "Piebald Dog Running Along The Shore" told the story of Luvr, to be heard from Vladimir Sangi:
"In the beginning, the beginning of all beginnings, there was no land in nature, not even a grain of sand. There was water everywhere, nothing but water. (...) But Luvr the Duck, yes, that same commonplace broadbilled bird that sweeps over our heads in flocks to this very day, was flying at that time over the world all alone, and they had nowhere to lay an egg. There was nothing in the whole world but water, there weren't even any reeds with which to build a nest. (...) Then Luvr the Duck settled on the water, plucked the feathers from their breast and made them nest. And it was from that floating nest that the land began to form. Little by little the land spread outwards, little by little the earth was settled by all kinds of creatures."
Sources
Vladimir Sangi, Pesn'o nivkhakh. Moscow, Sovremennik, 1989
References
External links
From Vladimir Sangi, The British Columbia Folklore Society - Stories from Tuva
The Plesiosaur Site, Creation Myths - An Evenk (Mongolian) Creation Myth
Creation Myths - Hungarian
An Evenk (Mongolian) Creation Myth Creation of the Middle World
Turkic deities
Turkic legendary creatures
Creation myths
Nivkh
Allium aeginiense is a plant species endemic to Greece. It is known only from the area near Meteora in the Thessaly region.
Allium aeginiense produces an egg-shaped bulb up to 25 mm across. Leaves are flat, green, very narrow, up to 10 cm long but rarely more than 1.5 mm wide, covered with hairs up to 2 mm long. Scape is round in cross-section, up to 20 cm tall, hairless, bearing an umbel of up to 40 flowers. Flowers are bell-shaped, pinkish-purple, with yellow anthers and a green ovary.
References
aeginiense
Onions
Flora of Greece
Plants described in 2008
Wilderville is an unincorporated community in Josephine County, Oregon, United States. Wilderville is located along U.S. Route 199 southwest of Grants Pass. Wilderville has a post office with ZIP code 97543.
References
Unincorporated communities in Josephine County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
Glenn Thompson (born 19 November 1969) is a former English cricketer. Thompson's is a right handed batsman and right hand medium fast bowler.
Thompson represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In their only List A match, they took a single wicket at a cost of 13 runs and in the field they took a single catch.
References
External links
Glenn Thompson at Cricinfo
Glenn Thompson at CricketArchive
1969 births
Living people
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Vinay Kumar was the vice-chancellor of Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University (HAU), Hisar, in Haryana, India.
They were associated with the college from its start as a campus college of the Punjab Agricultural University (Ludhiana) in 1948, they rose from the post of an assistant to its Vice-Chancellor. They were also the founding Director General of Jannayak Chaudhary Devilal Vidyapeeth (JCD University), Sirsa, Haryana, India where they established eight colleges and schools.
Early life
Kumar was born on 1 July 1938 at Phoolkan Village in Sirsa District, Haryana. Their gotra is Dusad. Their father Ch. Kashi Ram was an ordinary farmerkisan. Their grandfather, Ch. Kirta Ram was known as Bhagatji (devout) and an expert in natural medicines. For studies, the boy Vinay Kumar was taken by Swami Keshwanand to Grammothan Vidyapeeth, Sangaria (Rajasthan), where they studied up to Matriculation. They passed their B.A. and M.A. (History, Public Administration) privately while employed.
They were married to Smt. Parmeshwari Devi on 30 June 1957. The couple have two sons, Dr. Sudhir Chaudhary (Phoenix, AZ, USA) and Dr. Inderjeet Singh, Director, ICAR-Central Institute for Research on Buffaloes (CIRB) in Hisar, India (till 2018), Director, Animal Husbandry Department, Punjab (2018-2020) and now serving as Vice-Chancellor, Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), Ludhiana (Punjab).
Career
Kumar started their career as an organizing secretary in the Grammothan Vidyapeeth College of Agriculture (Sangaria) on 5 July 1959. Having served there for four years, they joined the Campus College of P.A.U. at Hisar, which later developed into the H.A.U. They were first appointed here as an Assistant in 1963, then as a Superintendent in March 1969, and as an Assistant Registrar in December 1969. They always retained top position in all internal University evaluations. In June 1977, they became the Deputy Registrar, and soon rose to Registrar, HAU, in December 1977. Having served the Campus College PAU and HAU for 36 years, they retired on 30 June 1999 as an Officer on Special Duty (OSD).
After the formation of the INLD Government in Haryana, Vinay Kumar was appointed as the Vice Chancellor (VC) on 4 August 1999. As the VC, they served for four years, and retired at the age of 65. After their retirement from HAU, they were appointed as the Founder Director General of Jannayak Chaudhary Devilal Vidyapeeth (JCD University), Sirsa where they established various colleges, including Engineering, Dental Sciences, Physiotherapy etc. and two schools. After two years, they finally retired from Professional life although they kept helping universities throughout India in matters of Administrative procedures and statutes.
ALS and death
Shortly after coming back from JCD University, Sirsa, Ch. Vinay Kumar was diagnosed with a fatal disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), a degenerative neuron disease uncommon in this part of the world. They died of the complications from the disease on 8 November 2010.
References
External links
http://www.tribuneindia.com/2010/20101119/harplus.htm#1
http://www.tribuneindia.com/2010/20101110/haryana.htm#1
https://web.archive.org/web/20120312063019/http://www.bhaskar.com/article/HAR-HAR-HIS-funeral-sector-smshanahat-was-thirteen-1530384.html
Punjab Agricultural University faculty
1938 births
2010 deaths
People from Hisar (city)
People from Sirsa district
Chaudhary Charan Singh Haryana Agricultural University faculty
Marie Vermeulin (born 22 November 1983) is a French classical pianist.
Biography
Born in Courcouronnes, Vermeulin began their piano studies with Jacqueline Dussol, then with Marie-Paule Siruguet at the , before continuing them from 2001 to 2004 at the Conservatoire national supérieur musique et danse de Lyon, where they were a student of Hortense Cartier-Bresson and Edson Elias. At the same time, they studied for four years with Lazar Berman in Florence, then at the Accademia Pianistica Internazionale Imola. They finally perfected their skills with Roger Muraro.
They won the first Grand Prize of the International Music Tournament in December 2004 (by vote of the Jury and the Public), the Second Grand Prize and Youngest Finalist Award at the Maria Canals International Music Competition in Barcelona in May 2006, and Second Grand Prize at the Olivier Messiaen Competition in December 2007. In November 2014 they won the Prix d'interprétation at the Simone and Cino Del Duca foundation awarded by the Académie des beaux-arts.
They have performed in many large venues as well in Paris (Cité de la musique, Petit Palais, Opéra Bastille, Auditorium of the Musée d'Orsay, Salle Cortot, Jardin des Serres d'Auteuil, Théâtre des Bouffes du Nord) as in other major French cities. They have also given numerous concerts abroad. They alternate solo piano recitals, chamber music, and concertos. They played notably under the baton of Pierre Boulez, Sir Paul Goodwin, Pavel Berman, Eric Geneste, Claire Levacher, Debora Waldman and Salvador Brotons.  They are regularly involved in contemporary creation.
Discography
Olivier Messiaen: Vocalise-Étude for soprano and piano (Marie Vermeulin and Nathalie Manfrino), Universal, 2008
Messiaen: Fantasy for violon and piano (Marie Vermeulin and Daniel Hope), Universal, 2008
Messiaen's Préludes, Vingt Regards sur l'enfant-Jésus & Petites esquisses d'oiseaux (Marie Vermeulin), Paraty 612118, 2013
Debussy's Pour le piano; Estampes; Études, Livres I et II (Marie Vermeulin), Collection Le Printemps des Arts de Monte-Carlo, 2016.
References
External links
Marie Vermeulin's Official website
Biography
Ravel: Sonata n°2 for violin and piano, by Elsa Grether and Marie Vermeulin (YouTube)
1983 births
Living people
People from Essonne
21st-century French women classical pianists
Burns Cottage, the first home of Robert Burns is located in Alloway, South Ayrshire, Scotland. It was built by their father, William Burness in 1757. Burns, Scotland's national poet, was born there on 25 January 1759. It is a two-roomed clay and thatch cottage and has been fully restored to become part of Robert Burns Birthplace Museum.
The museum has a bust of Burns by Patric Park.
History
The cottage has had a number of uses, including a spell as a pub, run by a Mr Goudie from Riccarton who saw the opportunity to exploit Burns's developing reputation.
At first therefore the cottage was not greatly valued. The Suffragettes recognised its importance, having once endeavoured to set the cottage alight.
In 1818, the English poet John Keats took a trip to Scotland to visit the home, years after Burns' death in 1796. Before Keats arrived, they wrote to a friend that "one of the pleasantest means of annulling self is approaching such a shrine as the cottage of Burns — we need not think of their misery — that is all gone — bad luck to it — I shall look upon it all with unmixed pleasure." but their encounter with the cottage's alcoholic custodian returned them to thoughts of misery.
Pictures
See also
Burns Cottage (Atlanta), a reproduction of Burns' birthplace, built in 1911
References
External links
Burns Cottage
Pictures of Burns Cottage, Alloway
B
Literary museums in Scotland
Biographical museums in Scotland
Burns, Robert
Buildings and structures in Ayr
Mark Sheldon Foo was a professional surfer who favored big wave surfing. Foo drowned while surfing at Mavericks, Half Moon Bay, California, in 1994.
Early life
Mark Foo was born in Singapore on February 5, 1958, to Colonel Charlie and Lorna Foo, Chinese photojournalists for the U.S. Information Agency. The family relocated to Hawaii when Foo was 10. They spent their early childhood surfing the South Shore of O'ahu, and continued surfing throughout their teenage years. Their family moved several times during their adolescence but ultimately returned to Hawaii just before Foo finished high school. They studied for two years at the University of Hawaii.
Career
In 1977, Foo joined the IPS World Tour, a professional surfing tour. In the early 1980s, Foo quit the IPS World Tour and stopped competing. Foo's passion for surfing big waves led them to surf larger and larger swells. In 1983, they surfed Waimea Bay, a famous big-wave surfing spot on the North Shore of O'ahu, for the first time.
But it was on January 18, 1986, when they ventured out into the bay with waves that onlookers said were in excess of 60 feet, that they rose to fame. When Foo fell off the overhanging ledge, the crashing wave broke their surfboard and tossed them into the water. Foo had to be rescued by a nearby helicopter, yet they emerged from the crash unharmed. They sent the story to various surfing magazines, and the failed attempt raised their surfing status to that of a "demigod."
Death at Mavericks
On December 23, 1994, Foo died in a surfing accident at Mavericks, a big-wave surf location in Half Moon Bay, Northern California. Surfer magazine wrote that Foo was sleep-deprived after arriving in California on an overnight flight for the swell. During takeoff on a wave estimated at 18–20 feet (Hawaiian scale), Foo experienced a seemingly innocuous wipeout and drowned. The fateful wipeout was photographed from at least two angles, and shows them falling forward near the bottom of the wave.
The most popular presumption is that Foo's surf leash had become entangled on the rocks, with the rushing currents of a second wave passing overhead preventing them from disengaging their ankle strap and getting to the surface. This theory was further validated when professional surfer Mike Parsons, who wiped out on the following wave, said that they came into contact with something, possibly Foo, as they were tumbled around underwater. Foo's body was discovered still tied to the broken tail section of their board inside Pillar Point lagoon over two hours later. The coroner's report cited "salt-water drowning" and "blunt head trauma" as their causes of death.
Foo's death shook the big-wave surfing community. On December 30, over 700 people arrived at Waimea Bay for their funeral. Approximately 150 surfers paddled into and formed a large circle. One of the participants, who was carrying a container with Foo's ashes, paddled into the center of the circle and placed the ashes into the ocean. A segment of the film Riding Giants documented Foo's death at Mavericks.
Legacy
Foo founded a hostel, Backpackers Hawaii, in Pupeka.
The hostel's website maintains an online memorial for him.
Foo helped elevate the popularity of the sport, with their talent, courage, and enthusiasm, and was recognized as one of the greatest big-wave surfers of all time. Mark was a favorite subject of photographers, and they had their own cable television surfing program. "If you want to ride the ultimate wave, you have to be willing to pay the ultimate price" was Foo's philosophy.
In the realm of big-wave surfing, Foo's death brought about a continuing discourse regarding the safe use of surfboard leashes, or flexible cords that connect the surfboard to a belt on the surfers ankle. Proponents defend the leash as a useful convenience and insurance against losing the surfboard, which serves as flotation device in the case of a "wipe out." They also assert that the leash is a means for a fallen surfer to find their way to surface air by following the leash cord to the floating surfboard on the water's surface.
There are also surfers who believe that Foo's surfboard leash may have caused or contributed to their death. Opponents of leashes in big surf assert that a leash can cause the surfer to collide with the board in a wipe out, potentially causing head injuries, and that the leash can also loop around the arms, legs, or neck, dangerously restricting escape to safety or strangling the surfer. Quick-release Velcro leashes have since become standard surfing equipment to address some of these dangers. The debates continue to this day.
American rock band Seventeen (later known as Lustra) performed a musical tribute (misspelled as "Mark Fu") on their 2000 LP Bikini Pie Fight!.
Stealing the Wave
The epic battle between Foo and Ken Bradshaw in the 1980s is chronicled in Stealing the Wave by Andy Martin (Bloomsbury Publishing).
See also
Eddie Aikau
North Shore (movie appearance as a surfer)
References
Works cited
Further reading
Andy Martin: Stealing the Wave, Bloomsbury Publishing,
Matt Warshaw: Maverick's: the story of big-wave surfing, Chronicle Books,
External links
1958 births
1994 deaths
American people of Chinese descent
American sportspeople of Singaporean descent
American surfers
Big wave surfing
Mavericks
Sports deaths in California
World Surf League surfers
Big wave surfers
The 5th edition of the annual TNT - Fortuna Meeting took place on June 15 and June 16, 2011 in Kladno, Czech Republic. The track and field competition, featuring a decathlon (men) and a heptathlon (women) event was part of the top-level 2011 IAAF World Combined Events Challenge.
Men's Decathlon
Schedule
June 15
June 16
Records
Results
Women's Heptathlon
Schedule
June 15
June 16
Records
Results
See also
2011 Decathlon Year Ranking
2011 World Championships in Athletics – Men's decathlon
2011 World Championships in Athletics – Women's heptathlon
References
Official results at www.iaaf.org
Official results at www.desetibo-kladno.cz
Procházka, Michal (2010-06-14). The focus on Sebrle and Chernova in Kladno – PREVIEW - IAAF Combined Events Challenge. IAAF. Retrieved on 2010-06-22.
Procházka, Michal (2010-06-16). Chernova and Draudvila the overnight leaders in Kladno – IAAF Combined Events Challenge. IAAF. Retrieved on 2010-06-22.
Procházka, Michal (2011-06-17). Chernova impresses with 6773pts tally in Kladno – IAAF Combined Events Challenge. IAAF. Retrieved on 2011-06-22.
2010
TNT - Fortuna Meeting
TNT - Fortuna Meeting
Mel Heifetz (born November 4, 1935) is a Philadelphia-based real estate developer, philanthropist, and LGBT activist.  They are a nationwide supporter of gay rights causes in America. and in 2018, they were awarded the Philadelphia Award.
Early life
Heifetz grew up poor in South Philadelphia and had working class Jewish parents. Heifetz's parents were hairdressers and from the age of eight, they began working by cleaning their parents' salon and selling door-to-door with their father. Heifetz enrolled at Temple University to study real estate but left after one year.
Heifetz is a distant relative of violinist Jascha Heifetz.
Career and activism
Heifetz maintains a relationship with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), whose attorneys successfully defended them in the 1950s when their first business, the Humoresque coffeehouse, was raided by police for welcoming interracial and gay couples. Heifetz's experience with Humoresque and the ACLU marked the beginning of their activism against injustice and abuse.
Heifetz built themselves as a business person and developed real estate, gay bars, and hotels, including the Alexander Inn, Philadelphia's first gay hotel. From 1996 until 2013, Heifetz owned and operated Sisters, Philadelphia's only lesbian bar.
Heifetz made a major donation in 2005, which paid off the mortgage of Philadelphia's William Way LGBT Community Center. In 2015, the William Way LGBT Community Center honored Heifetz with their Humanitarian of the Year Award.
In October 2017, Heifetz donated $16 million to The Philadelphia Foundation's GLBT Fund of America, with the fund's income annually supporting LGBT groups. The GLBT Fund of America was initially established in 2007 and its money supports civil rights causes, social justice, and health needs through LGBT groups such as The Trevor Project, Attic Youth Center, and GALAEI. Also in 2017, Heifetz became a founding benefactor to the Gloria Casarez Residence, Pennsylvania's first young adult LGBT-friendly permanent supporting housing project.
Through donating $1 million to President Barack Obama's 2012 Presidential reelection campaign and $1 million to Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign, Heifetz officially became the biggest political donor in Pennsylvania. In their February 2016 Huffington Post piece, Heifetz cites Barack Obama's track record on LGBT rights as a motivating factor for supporting him.
Awards and recognition
In addition to the 2018 Philadelphia Award and the 2015 William Way LGBT Community Center Humanitarian of the Year award, Heifetz was the 2014 recipient of the Delaware Valley Legacy Fund Lifetime Legacy Award and the 2008 Human Rights Campaign Equality Award. The Philadelphia Award was established by Edward William Bok and past winners of the award include business person and philanthropist Leonore Annenberg and architect Louis Kahn.
In September 2019, the Equality Forum and LGBT History Month awarded Heifetz with their Frank Kameny award, named in honor of LGBT civil rights movement leader Frank Kameny. Past recipients of Equality Forum's Frank Kameny award include activist Peter Staley and former Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell.
References
1935 births
Living people
American real estate businesspeople
Jewish American philanthropists
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Activists from Philadelphia
LGBT businesspeople from the United States
LGBT people from Pennsylvania
LGBT Jews
Gay men
21st-century American Jews
Unhallowed is a 2003 album by The Black Dahlia Murder, and its title track.
Unhallowed may also refer to:
That which is not hallowed
Music
"Unhallowed", a song by Dissection from the 1995 album Storm of the Light's Bane
"Unhallowed", a song by Rings of Saturn from the 2017 album Ultu Ulla
"The Unhallowed", a song by Necrophobic from the 1999 album The Third Antichrist
Other uses
Unhallowed, a play by Gerard McLarnon
Unhallowed, an unpublished game in the ''Dangerous Journeys series
See also
Unhallowed Ground (disambiguation)
Hallow (disambiguation)
Anthony O'Garro (born October 8, 1987) is a Trinidadian footballer.
Career
College
O'Garro attended high school at Presentation College, and helped their school to a national championship in cricket and a conference title in soccer. They played two years of NAIA college soccer at Shorter College in Rome, Georgia.
O'Garro finished their Shorter career ranked third on the school's all-time assists list with 13 helpers and their 12 career goals rank fourth on the all-time charts. They were a two-time SSAC All-Academic selection and was honored as an NAIA Scholar-Athlete in 2009. They graduated in December, 2009 with a 3.5 grade point average and a Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration.
Professional
O'Garro signed their first professional contract in 2010 when they were signed by AC St. Louis of the USSF Division 2 Professional League. They made their professional debut - and scored their first professional goal - on April 17, 2010, in a game against the Austin Aztex.
References
External links
AC St. Louis bio
Shorter bio
2010 Pro Soccer Combine profile
Dak-Stats
1987 births
Living people
Trinidad and Tobago footballers
AC St. Louis players
Shorter University alumni
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
Association football defenders
Essex County Home and Farm, also known as Whallonsburg County Home and Infirmary, is a historic almshouse and infirmary located at Whallonsburg in Essex County, New York. The property include seven contributing buildings and one contributing site. The core of the complex is a homogeneous cluster of four brick buildings on fieldstone foundations. The largest is the Home Building, a 2-story dormitory originally constructed in 1860. Located nearby are a milk house and dining / kitchen building. The -story infirmary building was built in 1899. Farm buildings include equipment shed / garage, dairy barn, and hog-chicken house. Also on the property is the institution's cemetery site. The home and infirmary ceased operation in 1980.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Further reading
Essex County Home at Abandoned: Historical perspective with accompanying exterior and interior photographs
References
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1860
Buildings and structures in Essex County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Essex County, New York
The 1977 Division I NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship game was played at University of Virginia in front of 10,080 fans. Cornell capped off a 13-0 season with its second-straight NCAA championship as they defeated Johns Hopkins, 16-8.
Tournament overview
Led for the second straight year by Coach Richard M. Moran and USILA most outstanding player winner Eamon McEneaney, Cornell completed a second undefeated season becoming the first team to win back-to-back championships. Cornell capped off a 13-0 season with a 16-8 victory over Johns Hopkins in the finals. McEneaney scored three goals and assisted on five others, while Hall of Famer Dan Mackesey was a stalwart in goal with 14 saves. Cornell opened with an 9 to 0 lead in the first 20 minutes and led by as many as 13 to 1 early in the second half of the finals.
The victory was the 29th straight for Cornell and represented their third title in seven NCAA championships. Cornell would not lose again until the following year's championship game again versus Johns Hopkins. Both of Hopkins' losses during the season were to Cornell, and McEneaney had 25 total points during the tournament eclipsing the prior record of 20 set by Mike French in 1976.
Coach Moran earned their second Morris Touchstone Award as the Division I Coach of the Year, while Eamon McEneaney won the Lt. Raymond Enners Award as the most outstanding player in the nation and Chris Kane wins the Schmeisser Cup as the nation's outstanding defenseman. Dan Mackesey repeated as the winner of the Ens. C.M. Kelly, Jr. Award as the nation's most outstanding goaltender, making it the fifth time in a 10-year span that a Big Red player had received the award.
Tournament results
Tournament boxscores
Tournament Finals
Tournament Semi-Finals
Tournament First Round
Tournament outstanding players
Eamon McEneaney, Cornell, tournament Most Outstanding Player
Tournament notes
Cornell the national champion scores 55 total goals, a new tournament record
References
External links
1977 NCAA Men's Lacrosse National Championship at YouTube
NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship
NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship
Eethen is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Altena.
The village was first mentioned in 850 as Atina. The etymology is unclear. Eethen developed on a sand hill in the Middle Ages and part of the original ring road is still visible.
The Dutch Reformed church dates from the 12th century. The tower was added in the late-14th century. In 1944, it was severely damaged by World War II and was restored and reconstructed between 1948 and 1951.
Eethen was home to 310 people 1840. Eethen was a separate municipality between 1923 and 1973. It was formed by the merging of the municipalities of Drongelen, Genderen, and Meeuwen, and became a part of Aalburg in 1973.
Gallery
References
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Geography of Altena, North Brabant
Mario Alberto Arteaga Herrera (born 29 November 1970) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Playing career
Club
They played as forward during their career, beginning with Chivas in the 1990-91 season. During the following year, Arteaga led Chivas with 9 goals as the club reached the playoff phase. They struggled to recapture that form, however, scoring only 5 goals the next year and 3 goals with León during the 1993-94 season as their top-flight career began to wind down.
International
Arteaga was also a member of the Mexico national under-23 football team competing at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. They appeared twice in the tournament, coming off the bench against Australia and playing from the start against Ghana.
Managerial statistics
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
CONCACAF U-17 Championship 2015 Gold Medal
FIFA U-17 World Cup 2015 Fourth Place
References
External links
Liga MX Profile
Coach Bio U-17 (Spanish)
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Mexican people of Basque descent
Association football forwards
Mexican footballers
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
C.D. Guadalajara footballers
Club León footballers
Club Universidad Nacional footballers
Mexican football managers
Dorados de Sinaloa managers
Trigg County is a county located on the far southwestern border of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,339. Its county seat is Cadiz. Formed in 1820, the county was named for Stephen Trigg, an officer in the American Revolutionary War who was killed at the Battle of Blue Licks, now in Robertson County, Kentucky. It was a victory for British and allied troops.
Following the Prohibition era, Trigg continued as a prohibition or dry county until 2009. That year the county's voters narrowly approved a referendum to repeal the prohibition on alcohol sales for off-premises consumption.
Trigg County is part of the Clarksville, TN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Trigg County was formed in 1820 from portions of Christian County and Caldwell counties, as its population had increased.
Trigg County was named in honor of Lt. Col. Stephen Trigg, of Virginia. Trigg had settled near Harrodsburg, Kentucky; during the American Revolutionary War, they served as an officer for the rebels and was killed on August 19, 1782, in the Battle of Blue Licks.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.3%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Lyon County (north)
Caldwell County (northeast)
Christian County (east)
Stewart County, Tennessee (south)
Calloway County (southwest)
Marshall County (northwest)
National protected area
Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 12,597 people, 5,215 households, and 3,765 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 6,698 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.34% White, 9.79% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.18% from other races, and 1.22% from two or more races. 0.90% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,215 households, out of which 29.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.20% were married couples living together, 8.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.80% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.84.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 27.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,002, and the median income for a family was $40,886. Males had a median income of $31,158 versus $22,081 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,184. About 8.80% of families and 12.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.20% of those under age 18 and 14.70% of those age 65 or over.
Media
Radio stations
WKDZ-FM 106.5 (country music)
WKDZ-AM 1110 AM & 100.9 FM (oldies)
WHVO 1480 AM & 96.5 F.M (oldies)
Newspapers
The Cadiz Record
Communities
City
Cadiz (county seat)
Census-designated place
Cerulean
Other unincorporated places
Caledonia
Canton
Linton
Roaring Spring
Rockcastle
Wallonia
Politics
Trigg County is governed by a Fiscal Court, which is led by a Judge-Executive. The current Judge-Executive is Hollis Alexander (a Republican). Alexander was appointed to the position by the governor in 2013 after Stanley H. Humphries, former officeholder, was elected to the Kentucky State Senate from District 1.
Notable people
Coy Bacon, NFL player
Darcy C. Coyle, university president
John Egerton, journalist
Joe Bolton, poet
Charles Tyler, musician
Boots Randolph, musician
Roger Vinson, U.S. District Court judge
Hugh "Riccardo" Martin, opera singer
See also
Eggner Ferry Bridge
National Register of Historic Places listings in Trigg County, Kentucky
References
External links
Trigg County Public Schools, Kentucky
Official Homepage
Kentucky counties
Clarksville metropolitan area
1820 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1820
Emmikhoven is a former village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It was located just south of Almkerk, on the other side of the small river Alm, and is now a part of that village.
Emmikhoven and nearby Waardhuizen formed a separate municipality until 1879, under the name Emmikhoven en Waardhuizen or Emmikhoven c.a., when it was merged with Almkerk.
References
Former populated places in the Netherlands
Populated places in North Brabant
Geography of Altena, North Brabant
Different types of Aluminium-based batteries have been investigated. Several are listed below:
Aluminium–air battery is a non-rechargeable battery. Aluminium–air batteries (Al–air batteries) produce electricity from the reaction of oxygen in the air with aluminium. They have one of the highest energy densities of all batteries, but they are not widely used because of problems with high anode cost and byproduct removal when using traditional electrolytes.
Aluminium-ion battery is a class of rechargeable battery in which aluminium ions provide energy.
Aluminium–chlorine battery was patented by United States Air Force in the 1970s and designed mostly for military applications. They use aluminium anodes and chlorine on graphite substrate cathodes. Elevated temperatures are required for these batteries to be operational.
Aluminium–sulfur battery worked on by American researchers with great claims, However it seems that these are still far from mass production. The rechargeable aluminium–sulfur battery was first demonstrated at the University of Maryland in 2016.
Al–Fe–O, Al–Cu–O and Al–Fe–OH batteries were proposed by some researchers for military hybrid vehicles. Corresponding practical energy densities claimed are 455, 440, and 380 Wh/kg
Al–MnO manganese-dioxide battery using acidic electrolyte. These produce a high voltage of 1.9 volts. Another variation uses a base (potassium hydroxide) as the anolyte and sulfuric acid as the catholyte. The two parts being separated by a slightly permeable film to avoid mixing of the electrolyte in both half cells. This configuration gives a high voltage of 2.6–2.85 volts.
Al–glass system. As reported in an Italian patent by Baiocchi, in the interface between common silica glass and aluminium foil (no other components are required) at a temperature near the melting point of the metal, an electric voltage is generated with an electric current passing through when the system is closed onto a resistive load. The phenomenon was first observed by Baiocchi, and after Dell'Era et al. (2013). began the study and the characterization of this electrochemical system.
See also
Aluminium–air battery
Aluminium-ion battery
References
Electrochemical cells
Aluminium
Cobb is an unincorporated community in Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located north of Durant on Oklahoma State Highway 78.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bryan County, Oklahoma
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
Fayette County is located in the central part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 322,570, making it the second-most populous county in the commonwealth. Its territory, population and government are coextensive with the city of Lexington, which also serves as the county seat. Fayette County is part of the Lexington–Fayette, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Fayette County—originally Fayette County, Virginia—was established by the Virginia General Assembly in June 1780, when it abolished and subdivided Kentucky County into three counties: Fayette, Jefferson and Lincoln. Together, these counties and those set off from them later in that decade separated from Virginia in 1792 to become the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Originally, Fayette County included land which makes up 37 present-day counties and parts of 7 others. It was reduced to its present boundaries in 1799. The county is named for the Marquis de LaFayette, who came to America to support the rebelling English colonies in the American Revolutionary War.
On January 1, 1974, Fayette County merged its government with that of its county seat of Lexington, creating a consolidated city-county governed by the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 75
Interstate 64
U.S. Route 25
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 60
U.S. Route 68
U.S. Route 421
Kentucky Route 4, a.k.a. New Circle Road
Adjacent counties
Scott County (north)
Bourbon County (northeast)
Clark County (east)
Madison County (south)
Jessamine County (south)
Woodford County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 295,803 people, 123,043 households, and 69,661 families residing in the county. The population density was 1,034 people per square mile (399/km2). There were 135,160 housing units at an average density of 473 per square mile (182/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 75.7% White, 14.5% Black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 3.2% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 3.7% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. 6.9% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 123,043 households, out of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.1% were married couples living together, 12.3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 43.4% were non-families. 32.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.3 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 21.2% under the age of 18, 5.9% from 18 to 21, and 62.4% from 21 to 65. 10.5% were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33.7 years. 50.8% of the population was female.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,469, and the median income for a family was $66,690. Males had a median income of $44,343 versus $35,716 for females. The per capita income for the county was $28,345. About 11.1% of families and 17.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.6% of those under age 18 and 8.6% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Public high schools
Schools in the county are operated by Fayette County Public Schools.
Henry Clay High School
Paul Laurence Dunbar High School
Frederick Douglass High School
Bryan Station High School
Lafayette High School
Tates Creek High School
STEAM Academy
Private middle and elementary schools
The Lexington School
Sayre School
Lexington Christian Academy
Christ the King School
Mary Queen of the Holy Rosary School
Saints Peter and Paul School
Seton Catholic School
Blue Grass Baptist School
Redwood Cooperative School
Private high schools
Lexington Catholic High School
Lexington Christian Academy
Sayre School
Trinity Christian Academy
Blue Grass Baptist School
Colleges and universities
Bluegrass Community and Technical College
Indiana Wesleyan University (Lexington campus)
ITT Technical Institute
Lexington Theological Seminary
Midway College (Lexington campus)
National College of Business & Technology
Spencerian College
Sullivan University
Transylvania University
University of Kentucky
Politics
For much of the 20th century, Fayette County leaned more Republican than Kentucky as a whole. Between 1952 and 2004, it voted for the Republican nominee all but twice, for Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and Bill Clinton in 1996, with the latter only carrying the county by a narrow plurality. Even Southern Democrat Jimmy Carter lost the county by 11 points in 1976, despite winning Kentucky by a comfortable margin.
Until the mid-2000s, it did not swing as heavily to the Democrats as other urban counties. From 1992 to 2016, it was a swing county with close results between the two parties. In 2008, Barack Obama became the first Democrat to win the county since Bill Clinton in 1996, and the first to Democrat to win a majority of its votes since LBJ. In 2016, Hillary Clinton won the county by the biggest margin since LBJ, although it was one of only two counties in the entire Commonwealth to vote for her, the other being Jefferson County, home to the city of Louisville. In 2020, Joe Biden turned in the strongest showing for a Democrat in the county in over a century, bettering even Franklin D. Roosevelt. In that year, Fayette County was the most Democratic county in the Commonwealth, giving Biden a slightly larger margin than Jefferson County, marking the first time since 1948 that Fayette County voted to the left of Jefferson County in a presidential election.
This marked the first time that Fayette County was the most Democratic county in the state in Kentucky history. With nearly 60% of the vote, Biden received the highest percentage of the vote in the county of any Democratic candidate in history.
Also in 2020, Donald Trump received the lowest portion of the vote for any Republican candidate in the county since William Howard Taft in 1912.
Communities
Cities
Lexington
Unincorporated communities
Andover
Athens
Clays Ferry
Colby (partly in Clark County)
Little Texas
South Elkhorn
Spears (partly in Jessamine County)
Todds Station
Historically black hamlets
Bracktown
Cadentown
Jimtown
Smithtown
Little Georgetown
Pralltown
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fayette County, Kentucky
References
External links
Kentucky State Data Center
Lexington Area Metropolitan Planning Organization
Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government
Fayette County Prosecutor's Office
Fayette County Sheriff's Office
Kentucky counties
Lexington–Fayette metropolitan area
1780 establishments in Virginia
Populated places established in 1780
Former counties of Virginia
In a cellular automaton, a gun is a pattern with a main part that repeats periodically, like an oscillator, and that also periodically emits spaceships. There are then two periods that may be considered: the period of the spaceship output, and the period of the gun itself, which is necessarily a multiple of the spaceship output's period. A gun whose period is larger than the period of the output is a pseudoperiod gun.
In the Game of Life, for every p greater than or equal to 14, it is possible to construct a glider gun in which the gliders are emitted with period p.
Since guns continually emit spaceships, the existence of guns in Life means that initial patterns with finite numbers of cells can eventually lead to configurations with limitless numbers of cells, something that John Conway themselves originally conjectured to be impossible. However, according to Conway's later testimony, this conjecture was explicitly intended to encourage someone to disprove it – i.e., Conway hoped that infinite-growth patterns did exist.
Bill Gosper discovered the first glider gun in 1970, earning $50 from Conway. The discovery of the glider gun eventually led to the proof that Conway's Game of Life could function as a Turing machine. For many years this glider gun was the smallest one known in Life, although other rules had smaller guns.
References
Cellular automaton patterns
Ruslan Gritsan (born 7 December 1978, in Moscow) is a Russian competitor and multiple world champion in both ski-orienteering and mountain bike orienteering.
Ski orienteering career
At the 1998 Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships Grislan won gold medals in both the classic distance and the short distance.
They won a gold medal in the short distance at the 2005 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Levi, shared with Andrei Gruzdev. They won gold medals in the relay with the Russian team in 2002, 2004 and 2005. In 2002 the Russian team consisted of Andrei Gruzdev, Gristan, Viktor Korchagin and Eduard Khrennikov, and the team won gold ahead of Finland. The 2004 team consisted of Vasily Glukharev, Andrei Gruzdev, Gritsan and Eduard Khrennikov, winning ahead of the Norwegian team. In 2005 Gruzdev, Gritsan and Khrennikov won the relay ahead of Finland.
Mountain bike orienteering career
At the 2004 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Ballarat Gritslan placed tenth in the middle, 32nd in the long, and sixth in the relay. At the 2005 World Championships in Banska Bystrica they won a gold medal in the middle distance, a gold medal in the long distance, and placed fourth with the Russian relay team. At the 2006 Championships in Joensuu they won a bronze medal in the middle distance, a silver medal in the long distance, and a silver medal in the relay with the Russian team, behind Finland. At the 2007 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Nove Mesto na Morave they won a gold medal in the long distance, placed fourth in the sprint, 57th in the middle distance, and fourth in the relay. At the 2008 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Ostróda, they won a gold medal in the long distance and a silver medal in the relay. In Ben Shemen in 2009 they won a silver medal in the long distance, a bronze medal in the sprint, and a gold medal in the relay. At the 2010 World Championships in Montalegre they won a gold medal with the Russian relay team, together with Valeriy Gluhov and Anton Foliforov. They placed fourth in the middle distance, and tenth in the long distance.
References
1978 births
Living people
Russian orienteers
Male orienteers
Mountain bike orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Ficus religiosa or sacred fig is a species of fig native to the Indian subcontinent and Indochina that belongs to Moraceae, the fig or mulberry family. It is also known as the bodhi tree, pippala tree, peepul tree, peepal tree, pipal tree, or ashvattha tree (in India and Nepal). The sacred fig is considered to have a religious significance in three major religions that originated on the Indian subcontinent, Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. Hindu and Jain ascetics consider the species to be sacred and often meditate under it. This is the tree under which Gautama Buddha is believed to have attained enlightenment. The sacred fig is the state tree of the Indian states of Odisha and Haryana.
Description
Ficus religiosa is a large dry season-deciduous or semi-evergreen tree up to tall and with a trunk diameter of up to . The leaves are cordate in shape with a distinctive extended drip tip; they are long and broad, with a petiole. The fruits are small figs in diameter, green ripening to purple.
F. religiosa has a very long lifespan, ranging on average between 900 and 1,500 years. In some of its native habitats, it has been reportedly found living for over 3,000 years. Some trees have been reported to be more than 2,000 years old, like the Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi, a peepal tree in the ancient city of Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka which is estimated to be more than 2,250 years old and is regarded as the "Oldest historical tree in the world with religious importance".
Distribution
Ficus religiosa is native to most of the Indian subcontinent – Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Pakistan and India including the Assam region, Eastern Himalaya and the Nicobar Islands, as well as part of Indochina – the Andaman Islands, Thailand, Myanmar and Peninsular Malaysia. It has been widely introduced elsewhere, particularly in the rest of tropical Asia, but also in Iran, Florida and Venezuela.
Ecology
Ficus religiosa suitably grows at altitudes ranging from up to . Due to the climatic conditions which are prevalent throughout different heat zones, it can grow at latitudes ranging from 30°N to 5°S. It can tolerate air temperatures ranging between to , beyond this upper limit its growth diminishes. It grows on a wide variety of soils but preferably needs deep, alluvial sandy loam with good drainage. It is also found on shallow soils including rock crevices.
Association
Ficus religiosa is associated with Blastophaga quadriceps, an agaonid wasp which acts as its pollinator as this wasp lays its eggs only on trees of this species.
Environment
Ficus religiosa is tolerant to various climate zones (Köppen climate classification categories of Af, Am, Aw/As, Cfa, Cwa and Csa) and various types of soils. In Paraguay the tree species occurs in forests at lower elevations, and in China the species has been reported growing at altitudes ranging from to . In India, being a native species, it occurs both naturally in wild and cultivated up to altitudes of .
Climate
Ficus religiosa is tolerant to widely varying climatic conditions such as Tropical rainforest climate where the region receives more than of precipitation per month, Tropical monsoon climate where average precipitation ranges from in the driest month to , Tropical savanna climate with dry summer where average precipitation ranges from per month in summers to per month in winters, Warm temperate climate, wet all year where average temperature ranges from to and it is wet all year, as well as Warm temperate climate with dry summer where average temperature ranges from to and summers are dry.
Invasiveness
Unlike most epiphytic jungle figs, which ring the stems of dicotyledonous support trees from the outside, the epiphytic bushes of F. religiosa are not true stranglers. Their roots penetrate inside the stem of the support, eventually splitting it from within. Ficus religiosa has been listed as an "environmental weed" or "naturalised weed" by the Global Compendium of Weeds (Randall, 2012). It has been assigned an invasiveness high risk score of 7 in a risk assessment prepared for the species' invasiveness in Hawaii by PIER. Such a high score predicts it will become a major pest in suitable climate zones. The major reasons for its invasive behaviour are its fast-growing nature, tolerance to various climate zones and soil types, reported lifespan of over 3,000 years, and its suffocating growth habit as it often begins life as an epiphyte.
In heritage
The earliest known record of Ficus religiosa in human culture is the use of peepal leaf motifs in the pottery of the Helmand culture, found at Mundigak site, in Kandahar, Afghanistan, dating back to third millennium BCE.
The peepal tree is considered sacred by the followers of Hinduism, Jainism and Buddhism. In the Bhagavad Gita, Krishna says, "I am the Peepal tree among the trees, Narada among the Deva Rishi (Divine sages), Bhrigu among the Saptha-Maharishis, Chitraratha among the Gandharvas, And sage Kapila among the Siddhas."
Buddhism
Gautama Buddha attained enlightenment (bodhi) while meditating underneath a Ficus religiosa. The site is in present-day Bodh Gaya in Bihar, India. The original tree was destroyed, and has been replaced several times. A branch of the original tree was rooted in Anuradhapura, Sri Lanka in 288 BCE and is known as Jaya Sri Maha Bodhi; it is the oldest living human-planted flowering plant (angiosperm) in the world.
In Theravada Buddhist Southeast Asia, the tree's massive trunk is often the site of Buddhist or animist shrines. Not all Ficus religiosa can be called a Bodhi Tree. A Bodhi Tree must be able to trace its parent to another Bodhi Tree and the line goes on until the first Bodhi Tree under which Gautama is said to have gained enlightenment.
Hinduism
Sadhus (Hindu ascetics) still meditate beneath sacred fig trees, and Hindus do pradakshina (circumambulation, or meditative pacing) around the sacred fig tree as a mark of worship. Usually seven pradakshinas are done around the tree in the morning time chanting "vriksha rajaya namah", meaning "salutation to the king of trees". It is claimed that the 27 stars (constellations) constituting 12 houses (rasis) and 9 planets are specifically represented precisely by 27 trees—one for each star. The Bodhi Tree is said to represent Pushya (Western star name γ, δ and θ Cancri in the Cancer constellation).
Plaksa is a possible Sanskrit term for Ficus religiosa. However, according to Macdonell and Keith (1912), it denotes the wavy-leaved fig tree (Ficus infectoria) instead. In Hindu texts, the Plaksa tree is associated with the source of the Sarasvati River. The Skanda Purana states that the Sarasvati originates from the water pot of Brahma flows from Plaksa on the Himalayas. According to Vamana Purana 32.1-4, the Sarasvati was rising from the Plaksa tree (Pipal tree). Plaksa Pra-sravana denotes the place where the Sarasvati appears. In the Rigveda Sutras, Plaksa Pra-sravana refers to the source of the Sarasvati.
Cultivation
Ficus religiosa is grown by specialty tree plant nurseries for use as an ornamental tree, in gardens and parks in tropical and subtropical climates. Peepul trees are native to Indian subcontinent and thrive in hot, humid weather. They prefer full sunlight and can grow in all soil types, though loam is the best. When planting, use soil with a pH of 7 or below. While it is possible for the plant to grow indoors in a pot, it grows best outside. Young peepul needs proper nourishment. It requires full sunlight and proper watering. Sacred fig occurs naturally in submontane forest regions. As with many Ficus trees, these are well suited for Bonsai training.
In the Middle East, it is preferably planted as an avenue or road verge tree. In the Philippines and in Nicaragua the species is cultivated in parks and along roadsides and pavements, while in Paraguay it occurs in forests at lower elevations.
In Thailand โพ or "Pho" trees grow everywhere, but in the Wats (temples) they are revered, and usually are several hundred years old, with trunks up to 20 feet / 6 meters wide. As with all sacred trees in Thailand, they have a saffron cloth wrapped around the base. A yearly ritual involving the Bo Trees at wats is the purchasing of "mai kam sii" ไม้คำ้ศริ, which are "supports" that look like crutches and are placed under the spreading branches as if holding them up. The purchase money helps fund the wat, a central part of Thai life.
Uses
Ficus religiosa is used in traditional medicine for about fifty types of disorders including asthma, diabetes, diarrhea, epilepsy, gastric problems, inflammatory disorders, infectious and sexual disorders.
Farmers in North India also cultivate it for its fig fruit.
The trunk of this tree is used by farmers as a soil leveller. After seed harvesting, the rectangular trunk is connected to tractors and levels the soil.
See also
Bodhi Tree
Shitala Devi
Ficus Ruminalis
Notes
References
Keith and Macdonell. 1912. Vedic Index of Names and Subjects.
Plaksa description
External links
The Bodhi tree revealed by old picture
religiosa
Trees in religion
Sacred trees in Hinduism
Trees of the Indian subcontinent
Trees of Indo-China
Plants described in 1753
Plants used in traditional Chinese medicine
Epiphytes
Garden plants of Asia
Ornamental trees
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Symbols of Bihar
Symbols of Haryana
Chaine St. Aubin Downer Jr. (born July 6, 1993), better known by their stage name CJ Fly, is an American rapper and producer from Brooklyn, New York City.  They are a founding member and the oldest member of the hip-hop collective group Pro Era. Throughout 2012 and 2013, they were featured on many of the collective's projects and towards the end of 2013, they released their critically acclaimed mixtape Thee Way Eye See It.
Early life
Downer Jr. was born on July 6, 1993 in Brooklyn, New York.  They are the only child of a Bajan mother and Jamaican father. They began writing poetry by the fourth grade and by the seventh grade they began rapping. They attended Edward R. Murrow High School for communication arts where they met Joey Bada$$, Powers Pleasant and Capital STEEZ. The four of them would spend their school days cyphering in the auditorium. In 2011, the four of them formed Pro Era.
Music career
In 2012, Pro Era released their debut mixtape "The Secc$ Tape". CJ Fly later made a breakthrough feature on Joey Bada$$'s debut mixtape 1999, on tracks "Hardknock" and "Don't Front". On December 21, 2012, they and Pro Era released their second mixtape PEEP: The Aprocalypse. With production from Pro Era members Chuck Strangers, Kirk Knight, Statik Selektah and others from Brandun DeShay, Thelonious Martin and more.
In 2013, CJ went on the Beast Coastal Tour with fellow Pro Era members, The Flatbush Zombies and The Underachievers. He, along with the rest of Pro Era, joined Wiz Khalifa's Under The Influence Tour in 2013 with A$AP Rocky, Trinidad James, Chevy Woods, Smoke DZA, and more. They later made an appearance on Joey's second mixtape Summer Knights along with the rest of Pro Era on the song "Sorry Bonita" produced by Oddisee. On October 5, 2013, they released their debut mixtape, Thee Way Eye See It. With features from various Pro Era members, Buckshot, Ab-Soul, Phife Dawg and production from Chuck Strangers, Statik Selektah, Brandun DeShay, and more, the mixtape has received critical acclaims and made them a candidate for XXL's 2014 and 2015 Freshman List.
On December 9, 2016, a date which happened to coincide with their mother's 49th birthday, CJ Fly released their debut studio album entitled Flytrap. They released the album exclusively with TIDAL on December 8, and made the album available on all streaming services on December 9.
Since the release of FLYTRAP, CJ has released videos for single "Now You Know", a track that was premiered with Billboard in September 2016. He's also released the visual for "DOPE" which premiered on Pornhub on 4/20.
Their single, "Now You Know" was featured in Love & Hip Hop Season 6 - Episode 7 (2017)
On March 6, 2020, CJ Fly released their sophomore studio album entitled RUDEBWOY. Entirely produced by Statik Selektah, the album featured guest appearances from the majority of the Pro Era collective, as well as Haile Supreme, Oshun, Conway the Machine and former Pro Era member T'nah.
On January 18, 2021, CJ Fly released The Way I H(ear) It, Vol. 1; the first volume of their instrumental album series, inspired by the time they spent learning how to produce their own beats during the start of the COVID-19 lockdown in 2020.
On August 24, 2021, a release date chosen in tribute of Kobe Bryant, CJ Fly released NOT WHAT YOU'RE EXPECTING. CJ's third studio album, the project featured no appearances from Pro Era, however brought in Devin Tracy, Amon Tyson, and Marlon Craft. The album also featured production from several producers, including CJ himself.
Influences
CJ is influenced by The Notorious B.I.G., Nas, Jay-Z, A Tribe Called Quest, and MF DOOM.
Discography
Studio albums
Flytrap (2016)
RUDEBWOY (2020)
NOT WHAT YOU'RE EXPECTING (2021)
Mixtapes
Thee Way Eye See It (2013)
Instrumental albums
The Way I H(ear) It, Vol. 1 (2021)
Pro Era discography
The Secc$ TaP.E. (2012)
P.E.E.P: The aPROcalypse (2012)
The Secc$ TaP.E. 2 (2014)
The Shift (2014)
References
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=CJ_Fly&action=edit&editintro=Template:BLP_editintro
1993 births
Living people
People from Bedford–Stuyvesant, Brooklyn
American rappers of Caribbean descent
African-American male rappers
Rappers from Brooklyn
East Coast hip hop musicians
Underground rappers
Pro Era artists
American rappers of Jamaican descent
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
Edward R. Murrow High School alumni
21st-century African-American musicians
Beast Coast members
21st-century African-American men
Anodonthyla moramora is a species of microhylidae frog. This species is native to Madagascar.
References
Anodonthyla
Amphibians described in 2005
The Alpena Motor Car Company was an American automobile manufacturer incorporated in June 1910 that closed in 1913 and declared bankruptcy in February 1914. The companies flagship project was the Alpena Flyer in 13 different models, of which approximately 480 were produced and one remains today. The company had a factory at 150 Elm St. and 801 Johnson St. (these were in fact the same location) in Alpena, Michigan, although production began at a different site whilst this factory was under construction. $300,000 in stock was raised by approximately 200 investors, and at its formation the company had D D Hanover as president (later replaced by Richard Collins), and William Krebs as vice president. The factory employed 70 people, and there were claims that Alpena would become an "Automobile City" and that the factory would soon be producing 3,000 a year, although these did not transpire. The company was sued for patent infringement over its suspension design in 1912 and a cash shortage followed that lead the company to become bankrupt in 1914. The assets were auctioned to the Besser Company for $5,200 and the remaining car parts are believed to have been sold to a Canadian firm.
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Motor vehicle manufacturers based in Michigan
Defunct manufacturing companies based in Michigan
Lieutenant-General Emmanuel Kwasi Kotoka Born (26 September 1926 – 17 April 1967) was a Ghanaian military officer who was a member of the ruling National Liberation Council which came to power in Ghana in a military coup d'état on 24 February 1966. This overthrew the government of Dr. Kwame Nkrumah, the first president of the republic.
Early life and Education
Emmanuel Kotoka was born at Alakple, a village in the Keta district of the Volta Region of the Gold Coast (British colony). They completed their basic education at the Alakple Roman Catholic School and later attended the Anloga Senior School in 1941. They started training as a goldsmith but switched to a career in the military. Kotoka was enlisted as a private in the Infantry School of the Gold Coast Regiment.
Military career
In July 1947, they enlisted in the Infantry School of the Gold Coast Regiment at Teshie in Accra. They rose through the ranks, becoming a sergeant in 1948 and later Company Sergeant Major in 1951. In 1952, they were among some west African soldiers selected for training at Eaton Hall Officer Cadet School in the United Kingdom. In 1954, they were commissioned as a lieutenant and seconded to the British army on the Rhine.
On their return to the (Gold Coast) (as Ghana was then called), they were made a Platoon Commander of the Second Gold Coast Regiment of Infantry. They rose to become the Second-in-Command and in 1959 became the Platoon Commander with the rank of Captain. They were promoted to the rank of Major later that year.
In 1960, they attended the Company Commander's course at the School of Infantry in Warminster, England. In 1960, they were the commander of D company of the detachment of the Second Battalion of the Ghana army which made up Ghana's contingent in the United Nations Operation in the Congo deployed in the capital, Leopoldville, now Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo. They were regarded as a national hero following this deployment. They were awarded the Ghana Service Order for Exceptional Bravery for Distinguished Service in the Congo in 1963. They later became the Commander of the Second Infantry Brigade (now the Central Command) of the Ghana Army) located at Kumasi.
Politics
In 1965, the then Lieutenant-Colonel Kotoka was transferred to Kumasi where they met and became friends with then Major Akwasi Amankwa Afrifa, an officer in the Second Brigade of the Ghana army. The two are generally credited with being among the key conspirators behind the first bloody coup d'état in Ghana on 24 February 1966 which brought an end to the first republic. They codenamed it "Operation Cold Chop". It was Kotoka who announced the coup to the nation early that morning from the Broadcasting House of the Ghana Broadcasting Corporation, the official radio station in Ghana. The Central Intelligence Agency appears to have been aware about the plotting of the coup at least a year ahead.
On the day of the coup in 1966, Kotoka was promoted Major General and became a member of the ruling National Liberation Council and also the Commissioner for Ministry of Health as well as General Officer Commanding the Ghana Armed Forces. On the first anniversary of the coup, February 24th 1967, they were promoted to the rank of lieutenant-general.
Death
On 17 April 1967, a company of the reconnaissance regiment of the Ghana army, based at HO, in the Volta Region, attempted to overthrow the NLC government. The operation was code-named "Guitar-boy". Lt. Yeboah and men under their command succeeded in breaking through the defenses of the army headquarters at Flagstaff House and capturing Lt.-Gen. Kotoka. During their court-martial, Lt. Yeboah admitted to stabbing and shooting Kotoka to death.
Kotoka was the general officer commanding the Ghana armed forces, making them the substantive commander-in-chief of the military, at the time of their death.
Lt. Moses Yeboah and Lt. Sam Arthur were later tried and sentenced to death by a military tribunal. They were publicly executed at the military firing range at Teshie, Accra.
Memorial
The Ghana International Airport was renamed Kotoka International Airport in their memory. They were killed at a spot which is now part of the forecourt of the airport and their statue used to stand at that spot, but has since been removed to make way for airport expansion projects.
Personal life
They were married to Mad. Monica Kotoka
Tribute
The Irish poet, Máire Mhac an tSaoi, wrote a poem in their memory - "Sea never dry" published in 1968 in the magazine Comhair and subsequently in a collection called "Codladh an Ghaiscigh" published by Sairséal & Dill (Dublin) in 1973. They also included in a recording by Claddagh Records (Ómós do Scoil Dhún Chaoin) in 1970..
''"É d'éag d'fhág trom mo chroise,
An saighdiúir gorm,
I bhfad ó fhód a shínte,
An Saighdiúir gorm...."
Notes
External links
Profile on Ghana Home Page
Ghana Home Page – Photo Report-Nkrumah's Overthrow!
Further reading
Hansen, Emmanuel. 1968. Ghana: Background to Revolution. Transition, No. 35. (February – March, 1968), pp. 24–28.
1926 births
1967 deaths
Ghanaian soldiers
Defence ministers of Ghana
Health ministers of Ghana
People from Volta Region
20th-century Ghanaian politicians
People murdered in Ghana
Ghanaian murder victims
Gwendolyn Koldofsky (née Williams; November 1, 1906 – November 12, 1998) was a Canadian piano accompanist and music educator who became renowned in their field, a Professor Emerita at USC .
Born Gwendolyn Williams in Bowmanville, Ontario, they studied piano with noted Danish piano teacherViggo Kihl in Toronto, with Tobias Matthay in London, as well as with Marguerite Hasselmans in Paris. They studied accompanying in London with Harold Craxton. In 1943, they married Adolph Koldofsky, a noted Canadian violinist born in London, England of Russian-Jewish parents. The pair lived in Toronto until 1944, moving to Vancouver and then to Los Angeles in 1945. Gwendolyn Koldofsky created the first Department of Accompaniment at the music school of the University of Southern California in 1947, where they taught chamber music accompaniment and song literature. They gave master vocal classes for singers and taught accompanying at other North American music schools and universities. in 1951 Koldofsky founded the annual Koldofsky Fellowship in Accompanying scholarship at the USC music school in commemoration of their husband, who had died the same year. Koldofsky was director of vocal accompanying at the Music Academy of the West from 1951 to 1989.
Gwendolyn Koldofsky was the accompanist for Lotte Lehmann, Rose Bampton, Jeanne Dusseau, Herta Glaz, Jan Peerce, Hermann Prey, Martial Singher and famed mezzo-soprano Marilyn Horne, a former student of theirs Horne, as well as pianist Martin Katz and soprano Carol Neblett, both students of hers.
Koldofsky retired from teaching in 1990 and moved to Santa Barbara in 1991. They died there at the age of 92.
The annual Marilyn Horne Song Competition has been presented in Koldofsky's memory since 1997. Marilyn Horne recalls them as “Teacher, mentor, accompanist, and my dear friend.”
In 2012, the University of Toronto established the Gwendolyn Williams Koldofsky Prize in Accompanying. The University of Southern California offers the Gwendolyn and Adolph Koldofsky Memorial Scholarship. Recipients include Lorna Eder, So-Mang Jeagal, Dongeui Park, Hye Jung Shin.
References
1906 births
1998 deaths
Classical pianists
Canadian music educators
University of Southern California faculty
Music Academy of the West faculty
20th-century classical pianists
Women classical pianists
Bengal Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (BCPL), formerly Bengal Chemical & Pharmaceutical Works Ltd. (BCPW), is an Indian government owned chemical and pharmaceutical producer. It is under the ownership of Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, Government of India. It manufactures industrial chemicals, pharmaceuticals like antibiotic injectables, tablets and capsules; and household products.
Established in Kolkata, West Bengal in 1901 by Prafulla Chandra Ray, it is India's first government owned-pharmaceutical enterprise. While initially successful, the company started making losses in the mid-1950s. The management of the company was taken over by the Union government on 15 December 1977, and the company was nationalised on 15 December 1980. Following decades of losses, BCPL returned to profitability in financial year 2016–17.
History
Beginnings
In 1892, Prafulla Chandra Ray rented house at 91 Upper Circular Road, Kolkata and founded Bengal Chemical Works with a capital of . Ray founded the company as an individual initiative with the intention with fostering a spirit of entrepreneurship among the Bengali youth, and provide an alternative to jobs from the colonial British government. The company presented its herbal products the 1893 session of the Indian Medical Congress in Kolkata.
The reputation of the company grew, and Ray added additional funds of to the company to increase the scale of production. The business was converted into a Limited Company, and on 12 April 1901 the company was renamed Bengal Chemical and Pharmaceutical Works Ltd. (BCPW), retaining the same premises at 91 Upper Circular Road, Calcutta. In 1908, John Cumming wrote in the "Review of the Industrial Position and Prospects in Bengal" that the "enterprise shows signs of resourcefulness and business capacity, which should be an object lesson to capitalists of this province".
From a beginning with one factory in Kolkata's Maniktala in 1905, three more factories were established – one in Panihati in 1920, one in Mumbai in 1938, and one in Kanpur in 1949, with its registered office at 6 Ganesh Chandra Avenue, Kolkata.
Struggles and nationalisation
The company began to struggle after Roy's death in 1944, and started making losses in the mid-1950s. The management of the company was taken over by the Union government on 15 December 1977, followed by nationalisation on 15 December 1980. The new public sector undertaking was named Bengal Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (BCPL), and was launched on 27 March 1981. As its losses continued, BCPL was referred to the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction in 1992.
Return to profitability
After incurring losses for decades, the company managed to return to profitability in financial year 2016–17, and continued to report profits for 2 subsequent fiscals.
Hydroxychloroquine production during COVID-19 pandemic
In view of the Indian Council of Medical Research recommending hydroxychloroquine for prophylaxis against COVID-19, BCPL received clearance to start manufacturing the drug.
Products
Division I (Industrial Chemicals) - alum, bleaching powder
Division II (Pharmaceuticals) - generic drugs, such as analgesics, antipyretics, antimicrobials (including antifungals, antibiotics and anti-tubercular drugs) and antiseptics; and branded drugs like Ray Cal (calcium with vitamin D3 and vitamin B12) and Hospitol (chloroxylenol)
Division III (Home Products) - toiletries and household disinfectants
Privatization
On the 9th of February 2021, the Government of India announced the privatization of Bengal Chemicals and Fertilizers.
References
External links
Government-owned companies of India
Chemical companies of India
Pharmaceutical companies of India
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1901
Manufacturing companies based in Kolkata
Indian companies established in 1901
Indian companies established in 1981
Haplopomidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Haplopoma Levinsen, 1909
References
Bryozoan families
Christian Heule (born 2 April 1975 in Sankt Gallen) is a Swiss professional racing cyclist.
Their sporting career began with VC Uznach. They began their professional career in 1998 with the Ericsson Villiger cycling team. After two years they joined the Post Swiss Team and after a further two years they switched to Team Cologne. In 2003 they went to Macandina Kewa-wheel-VC Gippingen where they won a road stage of the Tour of Slovenia. Between 2005 and 2007, Heule rode for the German Stevens Racing team. In 2008, they became the leader of the Belgian Rendementhypo Cycling Team.
Heule is relatively unknown in their home country, but quite popular in the Campine in Belgium.
Career highlights
1997: 2nd in National Championship, Cyclo-cross, U23, Switzerland, Liestal (SUI)
1998: 3rd in Steinmaur, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2000: 2nd in GP Wielerrevue (NED)
2000: 3rd in Hombrechtikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2000: 2nd in Leimentalrundfahrt, Oberwil (SUI)
2000: 2nd in Oberschlierbach, Cyclo-cross (a) (AUT)
2000: 3rd in Oberschlierbach, Cyclo-cross (b) (AUT)
2000: 1st in Frankfurt/Main, Cyclo-cross (GER)
2000: 2nd in Fond-de-Gras, Cyclo-cross (LUX)
2001: 2nd in Tour du Canton de Genève (SUI)
2001: 2nd in Fond-de-Gras, Cyclo-cross (LUX)
2002: 3rd in Uzwil, Criterium (GER)
2002: 1st in Ruggell (SUI)
2002: 1st in Tour du Canton de Genève (SUI)
2002: 1st in Ottikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2002: 3rd in Bützberg, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2002: 1st in Fond-de-Gras, Cyclo-cross (LUX)
2003: 3rd in Russikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2003: 2nd in Lyss (b) (SUI)
2003: 1st in Stage 4 Tour de Slovénie, Kranj (SLO)
2003: 1st in GP de la Commune de Leudelange (LUX)
2003: 1st in Einsiedeln (SUI)
2003: 3rd in Meilen, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2004: 1st in Uster, Cyclo-cross, Uster (SUI)
2004: 1st in National Championship, Cyclo-cross, Elite, Switzerland (SUI)
2004: 1st in Stage 3 Tour of Japan, Shuz (JPN)
2004: 2nd in General Classification Tour of Japan (JPN)
2004: 1st in Hombrechtikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2005: 2nd in National Championship, Cyclo-cross, Elite, Switzerland, Meilen (SUI)
2005: 1st in Weitenau (GER)
2005: 3rd in Aalter, Cyclo-cross (BEL)
2005: 1st in Schulteiss-Cup, Cyclo-cross (GER)
2005: 2nd in Hamburg, Cyclo-cross (GER)
2005: 1st in Rüti, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2005: 3rd in Steinmaur, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2005: 1st in Hittnau, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2005: 2nd in Nommay, Cyclo-cross (FRA)
2006: 1st in National Championship, Cyclo-cross, Elite, Switzerland, Meilen (SUI)
2006: 1st in Hamburg, Cyclo-cross, Hamburg (GER)
2006: 1st in Hamburg, Cyclo-cross (b), Hamburg (GER)
2006: 1st in Schulteiss-Cup, Cyclo-cross (GER)
2006: 2nd in Fehraltorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2006: 1st in Rüti, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2006: 1st in Magstadt, Cyclo-cross (GER)
2006: 1st in Schmerikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2006: 1st in Hittnau, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2006: 1st in Asteasu, Cyclo-cross (ESP)
2006: 1st in Wetzikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 2nd in Dübendorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 1st in National Championship, Cyclo-cross, Elite, Switzerland, Steinmaur (SUI)
2007: 2nd in Prologue Tour Alsace, Sausheim (FRA)
2007: 2nd in Bern-West (SUI)
2007: 1st in Redmond, Cyclo-cross (USA)
2007: 1st in Lakewood, Cyclo-cross (USA)
2007: 2nd in Las Vegas, Cyclo-cross (USA)
2007: 2nd in Fehraltorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 2nd in Woerden, Cyclo-cross (NED)
2007: 1st in Magstadt, Cyclo-cross (GER)
2007: 1st in Hittnau, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 2nd in Butzberg, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 3rd in Wetzikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 1st in Meilen, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2007: 1st in Schmerikon, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2008: 1st in Dübendorf, Cyclo-cross (SUI)
2008: 1st in National Championship, Cyclo-cross, Elite, Switzerland, Frenkendorf (SUI)
References
External links
Christian Heule photo ebook
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from St. Gallen (city)
Swiss male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Cape Epic cyclists
Shulani (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Shulaninsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 745 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Shulani is located 23 km south of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road. Unty and Batsada are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Karl Thorsteins (born October 13, 1964) is an Icelandic chess player who has been an International Master since 1985. They won the Icelandic Chess Championship twice: in 1985 and 1989. In 1988, they played in the Reykjavik Invitational Tournament, finishing in tenth with a total of 5 points. A game they lost to Jóhann Hjartarson in this tournament was highlighted by Robert Byrne in the New York Times.
References
External links
Living people
1964 births
Icelandic chess players
Chess International Masters
Lutaru Lalna (Hindi: लुटारू ललना, Dacoit Damsel or The Dacoit Girl) is a 1938 Indian Hindi-language action adventure film directed by Homi Wadia and produced by Wadia Movietone. The music was composed by Master Mohammed and Baldev Naik. The film starred Fearless Nadia, Boman Shroff, Sardar Mansoor, Sayani Atish and Sarita Devi.
Plot
Minister Durjan Singh (Sayani Atish) takes over the management of Ramnagar after the king's death. The king's daughter Indira (Fearless Nadia) has been studying abroad. On their return, they hear from Vimala (Sarita Devi) and their father the pious Saibaba (Sardar Mansoor) that Durjan Singh and their men are oppressing the poor. Durjan Singh's brother Randhir (Boman Shroff), the Army Commander, is kind-hearted and sympathises with them. Randhir and Indira are in love with each other. When Randhir opts to leave with Vimala and their father, Indira finds out the truth about Durjan Singh. They take on the disguise of a dacoit wearing a mask and becomes Lutaru Lalna to help the victimised. They have the horse Punjab Ka Beta and two brothers Bhanu and Nanu who have the car Rolls-Royce Ki Beti, to help them in their efforts. Soon Durjan Singh is out to catch them Following some lengthy action scenes, Durjan and their henchman Teesmar Khan are caught. Randhir eventually gets together with Indira.
Cast
Fearless Nadia as Indira
Boman Shroff as Randhir
Sardar Mansoor as Saibaba
Sarita Devi as Vimala
Atish Sayani as Durjan
Mithu Miya
Master Mohammed
Master Chhotu
Minoo The Mystic
Music
The Freedom Movement was effectively showcased by composer Master Mohammed in the Wadia films. In Lutaru Lalna they wove in two songs with nationalistic lyrics "Jhandha Ooncha Rahe Hamaara" sung by Mohammed along with Sarita Devi and "Jug Jug Chamke Hind Ka Tara" sung by Sarita Devi. Mohammed had earlier composed patriotic songs for Veer Bharat (1934) and Jai Bharat (1936). The music was composed by Master Mohammed and Baldev Nayak with lyrics by Pandit Gyan Chander.
Song List
References
External links
1938 films
1930s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
Indian action adventure films
1930s action adventure films
Kamal Haji-Kurbanovich Khan-Magomedov (, ); born 17 June 1986 in Derbent, Dagestan, Russia) is a Russian judoka of Tabasaran and Azerbaijani descents.
Career
During their early career, they trained at Derbent Sports School No.3 under Sadiq Abdulov. Khan-Magomedov's introduction to the sport of judo was indirect, thinking it was karate: "In our city we did not know what judo was, we were thinking that it was karate, so we went to karate, but it was judo."
Khan-Magomedov won silver in -66 kg at the 2013 European Judo Championships after being defeated by 2012 Olympics Champion Lasha Shavdatuashvili of Georgia. They then won bronze in the -66 kg final category at the 2014 World Judo Championships.
Khan-Magomedov won gold in -66 kg at the inaugural 2015 European Games defeating Frenchman Loïc Korval in the finals held in Baku, Azerbaijan.
They plan to set up a business after completing their career.
References
External links
Tabasaran people
Russian male judoka
People from Derbent
1986 births
Living people
Russian sportspeople of Azerbaijani descent
Judoka at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in judo
European Games gold medalists for Russia
European Games bronze medalists for Russia
Universiade medalists in judo
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Sportspeople from Dagestan
Nick Santino (January 24, 1965 – January 25, 2012) was an American actor known primarily for their roles on soap operas, including six episodes of Guiding Light and seven episodes of All My Children, and also appeared on Gossip Girl.
In 2010, Santino became embroiled in a dispute with the condominium board of 1 Lincoln Plaza, where they lived: a new policy forbade tenants from owning pit bull terriers. Although Santino's pit bull Rocco was grandfathered in, several restrictions were imposed on Rocco's behavior, and Santino complained about dog-related harassment from other tenants and from building staff. On January 24, 2012, Santino had Rocco euthanized, citing changes in Rocco's behavior which they attributed to the harassment and restrictions. Several hours later, Santino committed suicide; their suicide note explained that they felt they had betrayed Rocco (whom they had originally rescued from an animal shelter). The condominium board subsequently denied any responsibility for Santino's death.
References
External links
1965 births
2012 suicides
People from the Upper West Side
Drug-related suicides in New York City
American male soap opera actors
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Male actors from New York City
Suicides in New York City
Drug-related deaths in New York City
Derrick Braxton (born November 25, 1981, New Brunswick, New Jersey) is an American record producer and composer, best known for working with artists such as Lupe Fiasco, Cassidy, Amerie, Rich Harrison and Raekwon.
Braxton is currently signed with 1st and 15th Entertainment/Atlantic Records.
Early life
Braxton attended Hampton University in Hampton, VA and during their matriculation, they started meeting other students that had a love for music which piqued their interest. At the age of 19, they met super producer Swizz Beatz at NYC's WQHT Hot 97's own Funkmaster Flex's annual car show in 2001. Braxton then signed under Swizz Beatz Fullsurface/J Records imprint for approximately 2 years. After that time, Braxton forged relationships and worked with Shae Haley, Chad Hugo, and Pharrell Williams of N.E.R.D. from 2003-2004. N.E.R.D. ended up signed Braxton under the Blackhole/StarTrak (also known as The Neptunes) imprint for 2 years.
1st & 15th Entertainment
Braxton then met rapper Lupe Fiasco in 2005 and started working on such albums as "The Cool" and "Food and Liquor." Shortly after, Braxton signed a deal to 1st & 15th Entertainment/Atlantic Records in 2012.
Production discography
References
1981 births
Living people
African-American record producers
Record producers from New Jersey
Songwriters from New Jersey
Musicians from New Brunswick, New Jersey
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Kansas City Outbound is an album by jazz pianist Roberto Magris released on the JMood label in 2008, featuring performances by the Roberto Magris Trio with Art Davis, Jimmy “Junebug” Jackson and Zack Albetta. This album is also the final recording of bassist Art Davis.
Reception
The Jazzreview review by Paul J. Youngman awarded the album 4 stars, observing that it "starts out dark and deep with a hard bop sensibility (and) progresses through the blues", and particularly lauding Magris's keyboard skills. The All About Jazz review by Dan McClenaghan awarded the album 4 stars, and ranked the album "on the top shelf, gleaming with the best of them."
Track listing
Kansas City Outbound (Roberto Magris) - 3:24
I Fall in Love Too Easily (Cahn/Styne) - 8:38
Iraqi Blues (Roberto Magris) - 7:09
A Flower is a Lovesome Thing (Billy Strayhorn) - 4:22
KC Inbound (Roberto Magris) - 3:25
Reverend du Bop (Andrew Hill) - 7:38
Rainbow Eyes (Roberto Magris) - 3:21
Bemsha Swing (Thelonious Monk) - 5:21
Lonely Woman (Benny Carter) - 4:02
Darn That Dream (Burke/Van Heusen) - 6:43
Alone Together (Dietz/Schwartz) - 6:30
Bye Bye Baby (Cahn/Styne) - 5:06
Personnel
Musicians
Roberto Magris - piano
Art Davis - bass
Jimmy “Junebug” Jackson - drums (on 1, 2, 3, 8)
Zack Albetta - drums (on 5, 6, 7, 10, 11, 12)
Production
Paul Collins – producer
Justin Mantooth – engineering
Jerry Lockett – photography
References
2008 albums
Roberto Magris albums
Alana Smith may refer to:
Alana Smith (tennis)
Alana Smith (skateboarder)
See also
Alan Smith (disambiguation)
Balama District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 5,540 km² with 142,968 inhabitants.
The district is divided into four administrative posts, which include the following localities:
Posto Administrativo de Balama:
Balama
Muripa
Ntete
Posto Administrativo de Impiiri:
Namara
Savaca
Posto Administrativo de Kuékué:
Jamira
Tauane
Posto Administrativo de Mavala:
Mavala
Mpaka
External links
District profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Football 1 (Football until December 2013) was first specialized TV channel in Ukraine, dedicated exceptionally to football broadcasts. Football 1, Football 2 and Football 3 broadcast Ukrainian and European club competitions, international matches and other football events.
These channels belong to the Media Group Ukraine. A new channel Football 3 was launched on 1 February 2020. It ceased broadcasting on 12 July 2022, after Ukrainian oligarch Rinat Akhmetov had exited their media assets (Football 1 belongs to Media Group Ukraine holding).
Coverage
Football TV Channel is available in packages of more than 500 cable operators all over Ukraine and on the satellite television platform Viasat. Technical coverage of the TV channel in cable networks exceeds 85% according to Gfk data.
About the channel
The channel started broadcasting on 18 November 2008.
Football TV channel is the official broadcaster of the Ukrainian Premier League. Other national leagues which are broadcast include: England, Spain, Germany, France, Brazil; as well as national cup matches of Italy and England.
Oleksandr Denisov is the director of TV-channel, commentators are: Serhiy Panasyuk (until their death in 2015), Andriy Malynovskyi, Kyrylo Krutorogov, Viktor Vatsko, Oleksandr Myhaylyuk, Andriy Stoliarchuk, Roberto Morales.
Viktor Leonenko, Serhiy Morozov, Yozhef Sabo, Viktor Hrachov, Vadym Yevtushenko, Yevhen Levchenko, Oleksandr Sopko are invited experts of the channel.
Awards
2009, 2010: The Best Sport Satellite Channel, an award of monthly Mediasat
Notes
References
External links
/(English description)
SCM Holdings
Television stations in Ukraine
Television channels and stations established in 2008
Sports television networks
Sports mass media in Ukraine
Mass media in Donetsk
Mass media in Kyiv
Association football on television
is a railway station in Higashihiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Nyūno Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
Two side platforms are on the ground. The station is not staffed and the former office space is used as a local community hall.
Adjacent stations
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1953
42-line fortress and siege gun M1877 () was a siege gun used by the Russian Imperial Army in late 19th and early 20th centuries. The word "line" in the designation refers to a measurement unit which equals 0.1 inch. Curiously, the "model year" was not the year when the weapon was designed or standardized, but the year when a new rifling system was adopted.
History
The gun was initially developed by the German arms manufacturer Krupp and was based on an earlier 105 mm piece and would have a typical Krupp horizontal sliding-block breech block. The 105 mm weapon was demonstrated to a group of Russian Army officers along with a 120 mm design. The delegation liked the 105 mm weapon, but wanted Krupp to change the caliber to a traditional Russian caliber of "42 lines" (106.7 mm). Later the weapon entered production in Russia; it remained in production until 1903.
The 42-line siege gun M1877 could fire high explosive (HE) or shrapnel shells of 15.6 kg (34.3 lbs) weight at a distance of 9.6 km (6 miles).
Notice in the image on right top of page the equipment around wheels used to reduce recoil.
Employment
The gun saw action in the Russo-Japanese War like in the defense of the Nanshan Hill during the battle of Nanshan. The Japanese Army successfully attacked the hill and captured several 42-line siege guns. Due to the lack of heavy artillery the Japanese took the guns in service during the rest of the conflict.
Montenegro used a few guns of this type up to World War I and Finland used weapons of this type until the World War II Era. Many of the 42-line siege guns were captured by the Imperial German Army and reissued to nine Landwehr Foot Artillery Battalions, equipping 22 Batteries.
The 42-line siege gun M1877 should not be confused with the 42-line field gun M1877, a field gun version which had a shorter barrel and lower muzzle velocity.
Literature
Shirokorad A. B. - Encyclopedia of the Soviet Artillery - Mn. Harvest, 2000 (Широкорад А. Б. Энциклопедия отечественной артиллерии. — Мн.: Харвест, 2000., )
External links
Images of a 42-line siege gun M1877
JAEGER PLATOON: FINNISH ARMY 1918 - 1945 WEBSITE. ARTILLERY PART 1: Russian guns without recoil system
References
107 mm artillery
World War I artillery of Russia
Russo-Japanese war weapons of Russia
World War I artillery of Germany
The Vanuatu white-eye or yellow-fronted white-eye (Zosterops flavifrons) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Zosterops in the white-eye family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Vanuatu, where it is one of the most common birds.
It is long. The adult male is yellow-green above while the underparts are bright yellow or yellow-green depending on the subspecies. The forehead is yellow and there is a white ring around the eye. The legs and feet are dark grey and the bill is brown above and pinkish below. Female and immature birds are similar to the male but paler. The immatures also have a narrower eye-ring.
The contact call is short and high-pitched. The song is a repeated warbling.
There are seven subspecies distributed almost throughout Vanuatu from the Banks Islands in the north to Aneityum in the south. The species occurs in a variety of habitats including forest, plantations and gardens from sea level to the mountains. It forages in bushes and trees, moving around in pairs or small flocks. The varied diet includes insects, nectar and fruit such as lantana berries and wild figs.
The neat, cup-shaped nest is built or more above the ground and is made of grass, pieces of bark and spider webs. The eggs are bluish-white and there are three in a clutch.
References
Bregulla, Heinrich L. (1992) Birds of Vanuatu, Anthony Nelson, Oswestry, England.
Doughty, Chris; Day, Nicolas & Plant, Andrew (1999) Birds of the Solomons, Vanuatu & New Caledonia, Christopher Helm, London.
Birds described in 1789
Taxa named by Johann Friedrich Gmelin
Birds of Vanuatu
Endemic fauna of Vanuatu
Zosterops
Ginestrata is a soup in Italian cuisine that originated in Tuscany, Northern Italy that can be described as a thin, lightly spiced egg-based soup. Egg yolks, chicken stock, Marsala wine or white wine, butter, nutmeg and sugar are primary ingredients. Additional ingredients may include different types of wine, such as Madeira wine, and cinnamon. It may also be served as an antipasto dish, the first course of a formal Italian meal.
Ginestrata may be strained using a sieve. It may be prepared using a double boiler for cooking, and the nutmeg and sugar may be served atop it as a garnish. It may also be cooked in an earthenware pot. It is a thin soup that only slightly thickens when the cooking process is complete.
History
The soup dates to the Middle Ages in Tuscany, Italy, when it was prepared by the families of married people the day after their wedding, to "revive the flagging spirits of the bride and groom".
See also
List of Italian soups
List of soups
References
Further reading
Cuisine of Tuscany
Italian soups
James Edward Buchanan Boswell (9 June 1906 – 15 April 1971) was a New Zealand-born British painter, draughtsman and socialist.
Life
James Boswell was born in New Zealand on 9 June 1906, at Westport, South Island, the son of a Scottish born schoolmaster, Edward Blair Buchanan Boswell, and their New Zealand born wife Ida Fair. They were educated at Auckland Grammar School, Auckland and the Elam School of Art before coming to London in 1925 to continue their training at the Royal College of Art until 1929. Although they were dismissed twice from the RCA painting school over conflicts with its then anti-modern stance, their early works were accepted by the London Group, with whom they exhibited from 1927 to 1932.
They joined the Communist Party in 1932, switching from oil painting to illustration and establishing themselves as a left-wing artist in the 1930s. They were a co-founder of the Marxist and anti-Fascist pressure group, the Artists' International (later called Artists' International Association, often referred to as the AIA), and contributed Hogarthian satirical prints to the Left Review, for which they were art editor, and, as "Buchan", cartoons for the Daily Worker.
Around 1933 they married the artist, Elizabeth (Betty) Soars.
In 1936 they joined the publicity department of the Asiatic Petroleum Company (part of the Shell corporation) though continuing their socialist and anti-war involvement, such as exhibiting with the AIA during the Spanish Civil War.
During World War II, Boswell was called up in 1941, initially training in Scotland as a radiographer in the British Royal Army Medical Corps. Although in contact with War Artists' Advisory Committee, which bought some of their work, they were not officially commissioned, because of their Communist Party membership. From 1942–1943 they served in Iraq, rising to the rank of major.
After the war, Boswell returned briefly to Shell, leaving in 1947.
They subsequently worked as art editor of Lilliput magazine until 1950; wrote a book on art in society, The Artist's Dilemma; worked with Basil Spence as a mural painter for the 1951 Festival of Britain; designed film posters for Ealing Studios; and edited the house journal of Sainsbury's until 1971. They also designed the Labour Party campaign for the successful 1964 general election.
They separated from their wife in 1966, and thereafter lived with Ruth Abel, who in 1967 changed their name to Boswell by deed poll.
Boswell died of cancer in London on 15 April 1971.
In 2006 Tate Britain held a centenary display of their work, and The British Museum an exhibition of war drawings in their archives. In that year, Muswell Press published their war drawings from London, Scotland and Iraq: 'James Boswell: Unofficial War Artist', with text by William Feaver.
Their great-grandson James Boswell is also an illustrator and is occasionally confused with him.
Works
They made many drawings of life in Britain during the 1930s and sketches of life in war-time Britain.
Their pre-war satirical style has been described as "attractively pugnacious" and compared to the work of the German artists George Grosz and Otto Dix and to British artist/illustrators such as Edward Ardizzone. It was an influence on later artists such as Ronald Searle and Paul Hogarth. Although much of their work was political satire aimed at exposing class injustice, they also produced work simply portraying everyday life, such as their 1939 series of London lithographs.
Despite not being an official British war artist, they are known for their depictions of life in the armed services, including their service in Iraq. These, now in the Tate, The British Museum and Imperial War Museum in London, evoke the atmosphere, boredom and solitude of military life. While in Iraq they also produced a series of fierce surreal sketches graphically illustrating their view of war more symbolically:
"a bestial farce conducted by bulls. These Orwellian animals, often dressed in generals' uniforms, heave their obese bulk through page after page. They ride on the backs of exhausted Tommies, pause with a watering-can to sprinkle a flower-pot containing the grotesquely dismembered skeleton of a soldier and sit on a hideous pile of corpses and ruined buildings while they type out a mass of documents which sail ridiculously into the sky. Sometimes they play at doctors and press a telescope to their ears in order to inspect a truncated, headless body held up with callous unconcern by two horned orderlies. And then they turn into bespectacled priests who ram a huge graveyard cross into a hapless soldier's mouth. The flow of imagery is as prodigal as it is remorseless, suggesting that Boswell treated these sketchbooks as a cathartic outlet for all their deepest loathing of war"
In later life Boswell settled into painting abstract oils and landscapes. Boswell also drew illustrations in Lilliput
for Maurice Richardson's series The Exploits of Engelbrecht; some of these
were later reprinted when the series was reprinted in book form.
Further reading
William Feaver, Boswell's London: Drawings by James Boswell Showing Changing London from the Thirties to the Fifties (1978. Wildwood House)
References
Julian Freeman, 'Boswell, James Edward Buchanan (1906–1971)', in Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004 accessed 21 Nov 2006
External links
James Boswell Home Page, tribute site
James Boswell, Tate Collection
Works by or featuring James Boswell in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa
1906 births
1971 deaths
20th-century New Zealand male artists
20th-century British male artists
British Army personnel of World War II
British war artists
English socialists
New Zealand war artists
People from Westport, New Zealand
Royal Army Medical Corps officers
World War II artists
People educated at Auckland Grammar School
Elam Art School alumni
Alumni of the Royal College of Art
New Zealand emigrants to the United Kingdom
Shahinu (, also Romanized as Shāhīnū; also known as Shīnū) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Iba Der Thiam, also known as I. D. Thiam (26 February 193731 October 2020), was a Senegalese writer, historian, and politician. They served in the government of Senegal as Minister of Education from 1983 to 1988; later, they were First Vice-President of the National Assembly of Senegal from 2001 to 2012.
Life and career
Thiam was born in Kaffrine on 26 February 1937. Thiam became an Associate Professor of History at the University of Dakar in October 1974, and was one of the participants in the General History of Africa project by the UNESCO. A union leader for 20 years they were imprisoned under President Léopold Sédar Senghor for attempting to organize the country's intellectuals.
Under President Abdou Diouf, they served in the government as Minister of National Education from 1983 to 1988. In September 1987, they founded the "Abdoo nu dooy" movement to campaign for Diouf's re-election in the February 1988 presidential election. They were dismissed from the government after the 1988 election and founded the Convention of Democrats and Patriots (CDP/Garab-gi) in June 1992.
Thiam was the CDP's candidate in the February 1993 presidential election. They were also elected to the National Assembly in 1993; they were re-elected as the CDP's only deputy in 1998. In late August 1999, Thiam was again designated as the CDP's candidate for the 2000 presidential election. They received 1.21% of the popular vote in the first round of the election, held on 27 February 2000, and they said on 1 March that Diouf's failure to win a majority in the first round was the result of popular disillusionment associated with a pay rise for deputies that was announced during the campaign. They backed opposition leader Abdoulaye Wade in the second round; Wade won the election. Thiam was re-elected to the National Assembly through national list proportional representation as a candidate of the pro-Wade Sopi Coalition in the 2001 parliamentary election, and during Wade's presidency they served as First Vice-President of the National Assembly. The CDP/Garab-gi merged with Wade's Senegalese Democratic Party (PDS) in May 2005.
Thiam was re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of the Sopi Coalition in the June 2007 parliamentary election, winning their seat through national list proportional representation. Following the election, on 20 June 2007 they were re-elected as First Vice-President of the National Assembly. It was reported that they declined an offer from President Wade to become a Minister of State, preferring to remain in their National Assembly post. As of 2007, Thiam was the Coordinator of the Convergence of Actions around the President of the Republic for the 21st Century (CAP 21), a coalition of 47 parties supporting Wade.
Wade was defeated in the February–March 2012 presidential election, and the PDS was badly beaten in the July 2012 parliamentary election. Thiam was not re-elected to the National Assembly, but Souleymane Ndéné Ndiaye resigned their parliamentary seat in December 2012, and Thiam, as the top PDS alternate candidate, replaced them as a Deputy in the National Assembly. They took their seat on 7 January 2013, although some expressed concern that Thiam, an elderly man, was in poor health.
Thiam continued their academic work. They were a member of the UNESCO committee that wrote the organisation's General History of Africa and from 2013 coordinated the writing Of the General History of Senegal, an attempt to describe the country's history outside of the French-centred narrative previously used.
Thiam took part in President Macky Sall's state visit to France in December 2016. During their career they served as vice-president of the Senegalese Association of History and Geography Teachers, Secretary General of the Pan-African Association of Historians and President of the Senegalese Commission for the Reform of Education in History and Geography. They died on 31 October 2020 in Dakar after a short illness.
Select academic work
La grève des cheminots du Sénégal de septembre 1938, Dakar, Université de Dakar, 1972, 2 vol., 272 pp. + 133 pp. (Master's thesis)
(in collaboration with Nadiour Ndiaye), Histoire du Sénégal et de l'Afrique, Dakar, Les Nouvelles Éditions Africaines, 1976, .
Maba Diakhou Bâ, almamy du Rip (Sénégal), Paris, ABC, 1977.
L' éducation civique dans les lycées et collèges : classe de 3e : le Sénégal et les institutions internationales, Les Nouvelles Éditions Africaines, 1979, .
Géographie du Sénégal, Les Nouvelles Éditions Africaines, EDICEF, 1981, .
L'évolution politique et syndicale du Sénégal colonial de 1840 à 1936, Paris, Université de Paris I, 1983, 9 vol., 4,462 pages, doctoral thesis.
Le Sénégal dans la guerre 14-18, ou le prix du combat pour l'égalité, Dakar, Les Nouvelles Éditions Africaines, 1992,
Les origines du mouvement syndical africain, 1790-1929, L'Harmattan, 1993,
References
1937 births
2020 deaths
Members of the National Assembly (Senegal)
Senegalese non-fiction writers
Senegalese Democratic Party politicians
Cheikh Anta Diop University faculty
People from Kaffrine Region
Cheikh Anta Diop University alumni
Paris-Sorbonne University alumni
Historians of Senegal
Education ministers of Senegal
Chingizovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Tavlykayevsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 573 as of 2010. There are 9 streets.
Geography
Chingizovo is located 32 km northwest of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Buranbayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
The following are some international rankings of Norway.
Life quality
United Nations Development Programme: 2019 Human Development Index, ranked 1st out of 189 countries
United Nations Development Programme: 2019 Inequality-adjusted Human Development Index, ranked 1st out of 189 countries
The Economist: 2013 Where-to-be-born Index: ranked 3 out of 80 countries
United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network: 2015 World Happiness Report, ranked 1 out of 85 countries
Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress: 2015 OECD Better Life Index, ranked 1 out of 36 countries
The Legatum Institute: 2015 Legatum Prosperity Index, ranked 1 out of 142 countries
Economy
The Wall Street Journal and the Heritage Foundation: Index of Economic Freedom 2015, ranked 27 out of 179 countries
World Bank: Ease of Doing Business Index 2019, ranked 9 out of 183 countries
Fraser Institute: Economic Freedom of the World 2015, ranked 27 out of 157
Size of Government: ranked 132 out of 157; score of 5.0
Legal System and Property Rights: ranked 3 out of 157; score of 8.6
Sound Money: ranked 37 out of 157; score of 9.4
Freedom to Trade Internationally: ranked 77 out of 157; score of 7.3
Regulation: ranked 70 out of 157; score of 7.2
Credit market regulations: ranked 1 out of 157; score of 10.0
Labor market regulations: ranked 145 out of 157; score of 4.4
Business regulations: ranked 22 out of 157; score of 7.2
World Economic Forum: Global Enabling Trade Report 2014, ranked 12 out of 138; score of 5.1 (out of 7)
Politics
Transparency International: Corruption Perceptions Index 2019, ranked 7 out of 182.
Reporters Without Borders: Press Freedom Index 2019/2020, ranked 1 out of 179 countries
Economist Intelligence Unit: Democracy Index 2019, ranked 1 out of 167; score of 9.87
Electoral process and pluralism: ranked 1 out of 167; score of 10.00
Functioning of government: ranked 1 out of 167; score of 9.64
Political participation: ranked 1 out of 167; score of 10.00
Democratic political culture: ranked 1 out of 167; score of 10.00
Civil liberties: ranked 1 out of 167; score of 10.00
Transparency International: Global Corruption Barometer 2013, ranked 6 out of 95; score of 3 (3% of people bribed an official in 2013)
Democracy Ranking 2015, ranked 1 out of 113; score of 88.1
World Justice Project: Rule of Law Index 2020, ranked 2 out of 113; score of 0.89 (out of 1)
Fund for Peace: Fragile States Index 2016, ranked 177 out of 178 (least fragile); score of 18.8 (out of 120)
Notes
A.Tied for 1st place with Finland, Iceland, Luxembourg, New Zealand, and Uruguay.
B.Tied for 1st place with Iceland and Sweden.
C.Tied for 1st place with Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Uruguay.
References
Economy of Norway
A West Country derby is a sporting fixture involving teams from the West Country, in England.
Football
The term has been used to describe matches between any two of the following clubs:
Bristol City, Bristol Rovers, Cheltenham Town, Exeter City, Forest Green Rovers, Plymouth Argyle, Torquay United, Swindon Town and Yeovil Town.
Rugby
West Country derby is also a phrase used in rugby, one of the fiercest rivalries is between Bath and Gloucester.
Another rivalry in this category is between the Bristol Bears and the Exeter Chiefs
Cricket
Games between Somerset and Gloucestershire can be referred to as a West Country derby.
References
England football derbies
Imperio may refer to:
Imperio, a curse in the Harry Potter series (see Magic in Harry Potter#Unforgivable Curses)
Imperio (band), Austrian band
See also
Império, a Portuguese-language 2014 Brazilian telenovela
Samrith Seiha (born 22 April 1990) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Cambodia national football team and the club team Nagaworld. Seiha made their debut in 2007 at the age of just 17.
References
Living people
1990 births
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Angkor Tiger FC players
Phnom Penh Crown FC players
Nagaworld FC players
Robert Wilfred Skeffington Lutwidge (17 January 1802 – 28 May 1873) was an English barrister, Commissioner in Lunacy and early photographer. They were the uncle of Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, better known as Lewis Carroll.
They joined the Photographic Society of London, later the Royal Photographic Society, in the 1850s. They passed this interest on to their nephew Charles.
They were one of the Metropolitan Commissioners in Lunacy from 1842 to 1845 and was then appointed the first Secretary to the successor body, the Commissioners in Lunacy, in 1845: they became one of the three Legal Commissioners in 1855. They died in May 1873 from injuries inflicted by a patient in Fisherton House Asylum, Salisbury, during an inspection.
References
1802 births
1873 deaths
English barristers
Commissioners in Lunacy
19th-century English lawyers
History of mental health in the United Kingdom
Magic Melody may refer to:
"Magic Melody", a 1955 song by Les Paul and Mary Ford
"Magic Melody" (beFour song), a 2007 song by German formation beFour, an adaptation of "Pesenka"
"Magic Melody" (Crazy Frog song), a song by Crazy Frog from the album Crazy Hits
Harvest Moon: Magical Melody, 2005 video game for the GameCube
The Cumberland Panthers are a Canadian football organization based in the Orleans area of Ottawa and the largest minor football organization in eastern Canada. The Cumberland Panthers were founded in 1993, starting out in the Mosquito level of the National Capital Amateur Football Association. Progressively, they have increased the number of teams being fielded as their players aged. In 1994, the organization added a team to compete in the Peewee level, followed by Tyke in 1996, and Bantam in 1997. The Panthers previously had three teams competing in the Ontario Provincial Football League in Varsity (Under-20) Junior Varsity (Under-17) and Bantam Varsity (Under-15) levels. In 2004, the Panthers fielded their first Junior Football team, in the Quebec Junior Football League, joining the Ottawa Sooners and Ottawa Junior Riders as the leagues entries from Ontario. The Cumberland Panthers organization also fields Girls' Touch Football teams, as well as Tyke and Mosquito Flag Football teams and a cheer squad. Various training programs are also offered, including Jr Panthers, for ages 5, 6 and 7 and the off-season Varsity training program for players age 15-19. The Panthers wear royal blue, silver, and white uniforms.
The Panthers currently use Millennium Sports Park as their home field.
Notable players
Jesse Luketa
Championships
The Panthers have won multiple NCAFA Championships since joining the league, most recently the 2018 Tyke, Peewee and Bantam City Championship. The Panthers also won the inaugural OPFL Junior Varsity Championship by a score of 28-24 over the Essex Ravens at Queen's University on Aug 6th, 2017.
Executive
President - Mike Schmidt
Vice President, Operations - Mike Rouleau
Vice President, Administration - Sarah Schmidt
Coaches (2019)
Bantam NCAFA - Sean Baptise
PeeWee NCAFA - Mike Schmidt
Mosquito NCAFA - Erik Anderson
Tyke NCAFA - Jay Grosset & Steve Pranschke
Jr Panthers NCAFA - Curtis Halderson
Cheer - Jennifer Ouellet
Girls' Touch - Kirk Culkin
External links
Sources
http://www.cumberlandpanthers.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20090517065041/http://www.ncafa.ca/clubs/panthers.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20090226004824/http://www.ovfootball.ca/pages/ottawa_cumberland_panthers_jr.php
References
Canadian football teams in Ottawa
Sport clubs established in 1993
1993 establishments in Ontario
The Baghdad Clock is a public building located near the Green Zone, in Baghdad, Iraq. Prior to 2003 the building was employed as a museum and featured a large clock tower. However, the building was heavily damaged during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. It was reconstructed later and is now the seat of the Supreme Court of Iraq.
Towers in Iraq
Buildings and structures in Baghdad
The Bellingham Mariners were a Minor League Baseball team in the Class A-Short Season Northwest League, based in Bellingham, Washington. The club served as the Seattle Mariners' short-season affiliate for eighteen years from 1977–1994.
History
Major League Baseball returned to Seattle in 1977 with the expansion Mariners of the American League. Bellingham signed a player development contract with the Seattle and adopted their parent club's identity, taking the name Mariners. Affectionately referred to as Baby M's, the team would serve as Seattle's only affiliate in their inaugural season. In a strange alignment, the Northwest League would have two divisions, one of teams with affiliation and the other comprised on independents. Bellingham would win the affiliate division with a 42–26 record. The club would square off against the infamous Portland Mavericks for the league championship. In the best of three series, Bellingham and Portland would split the first two games. The Baby M's would hold off the Mavericks by a score of 4–2 in the decisive game to claim the 1977 Northwest League crown. Mariners skipper Bobby Floyd earned the league's manager of the year award. The Mariners continued their on-field success with nearly identical records going 41–30 and 41–31 in consecutive seasons.
1980 was a banner year for Bellingham. The club amassed a 45-25 en route to a North Division title. The Baby M's faced the Eugene Emeralds in the league championship series. Eugene and Bellingham split the first two games of the series. The decisive third game was cancelled due to rain. The two clubs were awarded Co-Northwest League Champions. The club witnessed a significant jump in attendance with 42,292 passing through the turnstiles.
Seeking to repeat as league champions the Baby M's claimed the north division. Bellingham faced the Medford A's in the championship series, but were swept in two games. Two seasons later in 1983, with a roster that included future Hall of Famer Edgar Martinez, the Mariners claimed the division title with a 40-28 record. Bellingham was again swept by Medford in the championship series. In 1984 and 1985 the Baby M's posted mirror finishes at 39-35 taking second in the Washington division standings.
In 1987, 17-year-old Ken Griffey Jr. hit their first professional home run while on the road at Everett Memorial Stadium on June 18. A plaque was placed on the sidewalk outside the stadium where the ball landed.
Despite on-field success and a steady stream of Mariners prospects, the club struggled with poor attendance. Following the 1994 season, the Mariners ended their relationship with Bellingham. Seattle moved their affiliation south to Everett were the team assumed a new identity as the Everett AquaSox. Everett, who had been affiliated with the San Francisco Giants swapped with Seattle and moved their short-season affiliation to Bellingham. Bellingham assumed their parent club's moniker to become the Bellingham Giants in 1995.
Ballpark
The Bellingham franchise played at Joe Martin Field, a venue with a seating capacity near 1,600. The park is currently the home of the Bellingham Bells of the West Coast League.
Source:
Season-by-season record
Hall of Fame alumni
Ken Griffey Jr. (1987) Inducted, 2016
Edgar Martinez (1983) Inducted, 2019
Notable players
Phil Bradley
Iván Calderón
Dave Henderson
Raúl Ibañez
Mark Langston
Derek Lowe
Joe Nathan
Russ Ortiz
Jim Presley
Dave Stewart MLB All-Star
Dave Valle
Omar Vizquel MLB All-Star
See also
Bellingham Mariners players (1977–1994)
References
Defunct Northwest League teams
Seattle Mariners minor league affiliates
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in Washington (state)
Baseball teams disestablished in 1984
Baseball teams established in 1977
Segovesus (Gaulish: 'Worthy of Victories') is a legendary Gallic chief of the Bituriges, said to have lived ca. 600 BC. According to a legend recounted by Livy, the king Ambigatus sent their sister's sons Bellovesus and Segovesus in search of new lands to settle because of overpopulation in their homeland. While Bellovesus is said to have led the Gallic invasion of northern Italy, Segovesus reportedly headed towards the Hercynian Forest.
According to an ancient tradition, modern southern Germany was settled by Celts as a consequence of this migration. Although the historicity of this legend is highly disputed, the essence of the myth may have been based on actual events, for migrations actually occurred towards Bohemia and bordering regions of Central Europe during the first quarter of the 4th century BC.
Etymology
The Gaulish personal name Sego-uesus literally means 'worthy of victories'. It is made up of the prefix ('strength, victory') attached to , meaning 'worthy, good, deserving', itself from Proto-Celtic *wesus ('excellent, noble'; cf. Old Irish 'in excellence', 'goodness', Welsh 'worthy, valuable').
Story
The legend is recounted by the Roman historian Livy in their Ab Urbe Condita Libri, written in the late 1st century BC:
See also
Hercynian Forest
References
Citations
Primary sources
Bibliography
7th-century BC rulers
Celtic warriors
Gaulish rulers
Buffalo Independent School District is a public school district based in Buffalo, Texas, United States.
The district is located in northern Leon County and extends into southern Freestone County.
In 2010, the school district was rated "Recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools
Buffalo High (Grades 9-12)
Buffalo High School is located 1724 N. Buffalo Ave. The current principal is John Clements.
The construction for the new high school building finished in 2010, with spacious halls that resemble a college campus. There are four wings, each representing a different college. These four are the Texas A&M hall, which serves as the language hallway; the Texas Tech hall, which serves as the elective hallway; the University of Texas hall, which serves as the math and history hall; and the Baylor University hall, which serves as the science hall. The most noticeable add-on to the school is the gymnasium. The gymnasium is adjacent to the cafeteria which has a glass wall allowing one to look over the gym while eating and conversing. In 2010, the High School received an Academically Acceptable rating by the TEA.
Buffalo Junior Highs (Grades 4-8)
The Buffalo Junior High schools are located at 145 Bison Trail, the location of the former high school. The current principal is Lacy Freeman. The Lower Junior High has the 4th and 5th graders, and the Upper Junior High has the 6th through 8th graders.
Buffalo Elementary (Grades PK-3)
Buffalo Elementary is located at 1700 E Commerce Street. The current principal is Johnny Veretto. The Elementary consists of grades PK-3. Every year the Elementary students participate in Field Day. The Elementary has received a Recognized rating by the TEA four years in a row, from 2007-2010.
School board
Buffalo High School's school board currently consists of Jack Helmcamp as president, John Rodell as vice president, Bobby Fishbeck as secretary, Bradley Ezell as an alternate, and Randy Ayres, Monty McGill, and Brent Ryder as members.
Superintendents
The current superintendent at Buffalo High School is Lacey Freeman, who has been serving since 2012. The superintendents before them were Jackie Thomason (2005-2012), Charles Luke (2002-2005), Paul Vranish (2000-2002), and Floyd L. Jackson (1994-1999).
Athletics
The girls basketball team won the state championship in 2002.
Notable alumni
Rebecca Robinson, 2002, Miss Teen Texas 2000 & Miss Texas 2008
References
External links
Buffalo ISD
Buffalo ISD
School districts in Leon County, Texas
School districts in Freestone County, Texas
Hermine Bosetti née von Flick (28 September 1875, Vienna – 1 May 1936, Hohenrain or Munich), was a German coloratura soprano.
Bosetti sang their debut in Wiesbaden (1898) as "Ännchen" in Der Freischütz. In 1900, they were a member of the Vienna State Opera and from 1901 until 1924 they were a star singer with the Bavarian State Opera. In 1903, they sang the role of "Colombina" in the first performance of Le donne curiose (Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari). They appeared in most of the German opera houses as well as in the Netherlands, Belgium, London, and Russia. In 1908, they sang in Vienna as a guest in roles such as "The Queen of the Night" and "Marguerite de Valois". They recorded for G&T Recordings, Odeon, and Gramophone.
They taught at the Hoch Conservatory in Frankfurt am Main from 1926–28. Among their students were Marcia Van Dresser and Adele Kern.
In 1913, they became the face of Aok products in Germany in their advertising, claiming "I have used Aok soap for years".
Recordings
The Record of Singing (Part 2) Auber: 'Fra Diavolo' – Welches Glück ich arme (Munich, 1906)
Aus Münchens Operngeschichte (Sängerinnen und Sänger der Münchner Hof- und Staatsoper von 1900–1945) (Die Entführung aus dem Serail: Martern aller Arten)
Sie sangen im Prinzregententheater (Die Entführung aus dem Serail: Ach ich liebte)
Sources
Cahn, Peter: Das Hoch'sche Konservatorium in Frankfurt am Main (1878–1978), Frankfurt am Main: Kramer, 1979.
Kesting, Jürgen: Die großen Sänger. Düsseldorf: Claassen, 1986.
Karl Josef Kutsch/ Leo Riemens: Unvergängliche Stimmen: Sängerlexikon. Bern und München: Francke, 1975.
External links
Aok Kosmetik Timeline (see 1913)
1875 births
1936 deaths
German operatic sopranos
Musicians from Vienna
19th-century German women opera singers
20th-century German women opera singers
Hoch Conservatory faculty
The European Union to Nepal relations is the relations between Nepal and the European Union (EU). The role of the European Union is to present, explain and implement EU policies, analyze and report on the political, social, and economic situation in Nepal, and to conducts negotiations in accordance with a given mandate.
In the context of Nepal, the European Union has been focussing mainly on three sectors: education, peace and stability, and trade facilitation and economic capacity building. Apart from these three sectors, we are also active in areas as varied as the protection and promotion of human rights, food security, conservation of the environment, safe migration, assisting to ensure transparent and effective public finance management, and introducing sustainable production and consumption practices. The EU is also working with the Government of Nepal and local communities in disaster risk reduction and climate change adaptation and mitigation.
See also
Foreign relations of Nepal
Foreign relations of the European Union
References
External links
Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Nepal
Nepal - European union relations
European Union & Nepal co-operation agreement (PDF)
Role of the European commission delegation
European Union
Third-country relations of the European Union
East-West Airlines was an Australian regional airline founded in Tamworth, New South Wales in 1947. It operated to major regional city-centres and connected these centres to various state capitals, and by the 1980s it was Australia's third largest domestic airline. It also carried out its own heavy maintenance in Tamworth and operated a network of Travel Centres.
History
East-West Airlines was founded in 1947 with funds raised from about 800 mainly small investors with the aim to "fight the city based airline monopolies" and traded forthwith as an unlisted public company. At this early time, the workforce consisted of the manager who was Basil Brown, and the maintenance engineer and workshop manager, who was Cedric Wood. Wood was an exceptional aircraft engineer, having an unblemished maintenance record, despite having nine separate aircraft maintenance licences to their name (Wooden "A' licence, Propeller overhaul licence, Horizonal and radial engine overhaul and supercharger licences, Airframe overhaul licence and Instrument fitting licence, Magnaflux certification licence, Helicopter overhaul licence). Cedric Wood had many aircraft varieties to service. Cedric's talent enabled the company to operate maintenance procedures on a 'shoe string' budget. Initially, using single-engine de Havilland Tiger Moth aircraft, East-West established Australia's first regular mail delivery service between Tamworth, Port Maquarie and Newcastle. The company bought twin-engine Avro Anson multi-role aircraft which allowed it to carry more mail and passengers.
East-West acquired several Douglas DC-3s starting in 1953 and these 28-seat aircraft steadily replaced the smaller Avro Ansons in operating scheduled services throughout New South Wales. The last example was disposed in 1973 having latterly been operated on research flights into cloud seeding systems for the CSIRO. In August 1953 East-West merged with South Coast Airways although South Coast officially became a subsidiary company and continued under its own name until going into administration in 1965.
In 1965 Kwikasair made an unsuccessful take over offer for the company. In 1969, East-West was granted permission to extend its Sydney to Albury service to Melbourne.
It grew in the following years from an intrastate operator to Australia's third largest domestic carrier which owned by 1982 ten Fokker aircraft. By that time East-West was also about to acquire its first jet aircraft. It was however still reeling from a venture into the Northern Territory in 1980, which incurred heavy losses. This caused also a falling out among board members. East-West, already in 1981 in an era still governed by the Two Airlines Policy, became the first "third" carrier operating between Sydney and Canberra. Between March 1977 and 1990 it operated services to Norfolk Island.
In 1982 former Ansett and Air Niugini executive Bryan Grey, in partnership with former Citicorp Australia merchant banking executive Duke Minks, formed East-West Development Pty Ltd with the specific purpose to acquire East-West Airlines. With a loan of $ 8.5 million from the Nauru Phosphate Royalties Trust they purchased east–west in a share buy-out. The take over was deemed controversial, as discussions queried how far the involvement of Nauruan capital constituted a quasi foreign takeover.
In the following years east–west competed vigorously with major airlines Ansett and Trans Australia Airlines on inter-capital routes. The Australian aviation industry was highly regulated at the time under the Two Airlines Policy, which prevented east–west from flying directly between major capital cities, so it instead offered services between major cities via regional centres. Routes included Melbourne to Sydney via Albury and Sydney to Brisbane via Newcastle and Coolangatta, sometimes making touch-and-go landings at intermediate locations. East-West primarily flew Fokker F27 Friendship turboprops and Fokker F28 Fellowship jets. In June 1983 East-West sold return tickets between Sydney and Melbourne via Albury, which took about two hours 45 minutes, for $120, which was about half of the standard fare of $248 for direct flights by the duopoly carriers taking one hour 15 minutes. However, Ansett and Trans Australia Airlines also offered discounted fares down to around $140. According to Brian Grey the service attracted about 4,000 customers per month. In 1985 a Boeing 737 was ordered.
Because of its operating structure, east–west was able to significantly undercut other airlines. East West Airlines' aggressive "Third Airline" campaign forced the Federal Government to eventually scrap the Two Airline Policy, which had kept Australian air fares seemingly inflated for many years.
Managing Director Bryan Grey along with marketing consultant John Williams created a massive nationwide media campaign and thus attracted many first-time flyers with what could be described as Australia's first truly discounted fares in a now deregulated arena. East-West set the scene for other airlines to enter the Australian domestic market years later. In December 1983 East-West was sold, for according to estimates, to Perth based Skywest Airlines owned by Ric Stowe. In particular the Government of New South Wales opposed the deal. Former owner Bryan Grey formed Compass Airlines in 1990 as first entrant into a then-deregulated domestic aviation market.
Under the new ownership east–west was retained as an independent entity. Skywest Holdings announced in May 1985 it planned to merge both Skywest Airlines and east–west, but this was not carried out except for some harmonisation of timetables. In 1985 East-West challenged the Two Airline Policy in the Federal Court.
In July 1987 East-West and Skywest were sold to Perth car dealer Perron Group which sold them on by the end of the month to Ansett Transport Industries. It continued to operate as a separate entity until 1993 when its operations were integrated with those of Ansett and the east–west name ceased to be used.
The maintenance facility at Tamworth Airport was converted to a bus body factory by fellow Ansett subsidiary Ansair in 1993.
Accidents and incidents
On Wednesday 12 October 1949 an East-West Airlines Avro Anson plane crashed just after taking off from Tamworth. Four passengers escaped injury. The pilot, Captain John Lachlan Rentell, 35, had their right foot partly severed at the ankle, sustained internal injuries and deep wounds to the face and arms. They avoided a tree by turning the machine into a steep bank, headed north-west towards their best clearance and then turning south put the plane down. Aerodrome mechanics observed that the engines sounded sluggish and did not appear to be picking-up properly.
On 5 December 1950, an East-West Airlines Avro Anson crashed at Zanatta's property in Pozieres, in the Southern Downs Region, Queensland. The plane was en route from Eagle Farm Airport (Brisbane) to Armidale Airport when one engine caught fire, filling the cockpit with smoke. The aircraft suffered extensive damage on impact, although the pilot and two passengers were unharmed.
On 4 November 1957, an east–west Douglas DC-3 with 27 people on board took off from Sydney Airport en route to Tamworth Airport. When the aircraft reached a height of 61 metres (200 feet), the No.1 engine began to backfire and lose power. The pilot tried to shut down the faulty engine, but mistakenly shut down the working No.2 engine. The pilot tried to return to the airport for an emergency landing, but the plane had lost too much height. It crashed into a lake approximately north of the airport, with a depth of 4 metres (13 feet) of water, 46 metres (150 feet) from the nearest bank. All 27 people on board survived.
On 31 May 1974, a Fokker F27 Friendship departed Orange Airport and was making a nighttime approach to Bathurst Airport in turbulent and rainy conditions. Just before reaching the runway threshold, at an altitude of approximately 67 metres (220 feet), the pilots realised the aircraft had drifted too far to the left of the runway centre line to make a safe landing, so they decided to initiate a go-around. However, the aircraft encountered a sudden downdraft, and due to its altitude being too low to effect a recovery, the rear fuselage impacted the ground heavily, just outside the boundary of the flight strip. The aircraft slid 625 metres (2050 feet) along the ground, ripping the starboard engine off the wing. The passengers and crew evacuated the aircraft, and all survived.
Fleet
3 Lockheed Hudson (converted into civil transports)
8 Douglas DC-3
20 Fokker F27 Friendship
8 Fokker F28 Fellowship
2 Boeing 727-200
1 de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otter
8 BAe 146-300
See also
List of defunct airlines of Australia
Aviation in Australia
References
Bibliography
Gradidge, Jennifer M., The Douglas DC-1, DC-2, DC-3 - The First Seventy Years Volume 1, Air-Britain (Historians) Ltd, Tonbridge Kent, 2006,
External links
Airlines established in 1947
Airlines disestablished in 1993
Ansett Australia
Defunct airlines of Australia
Australian companies established in 1947
Australian companies disestablished in 1993
The 1947 Ole Miss Rebels football team was an American football team that represented the University of Mississippi as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) during the 1947 college football season. In its first season under head coach Johnny Vaught, the team compiled a 9–2 record (6–1 against SEC opponents), won the SEC championship, was ranked No. 13 in the final AP Poll, and outscored opponents by a total of 269 to 110. The team was invited to the 1948 Delta Bowl where it defeated TCU, 13–9.
Ole Miss featured two All-Americans on its 1947 roster: quarterback and team captain Charlie Conerly and end Barney Poole. Conerly was a consensus first-team All-American, who also finished fourth in the 1947 voting for the Heisman Trophy. Poole received first-team honors from the United Press, American Football Coaches Association, Sporting News, Central Press Association, and Walter Camp Football Foundation.
In addition to Conerly and Poole, two other Ole Miss players received honors on the 1947 All-SEC football team. Tackle Dub Garrett received first-team honors from the AP and UP, and tackle Bill Erickson received second-team honors from the AP.
The team played its home games at Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi.
Schedule
Roster
Season summary
Chattanooga
Barney Poole 13 Rec, 95 Yds, TD
References
Ole Miss
Ole Miss Rebels football seasons
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football
I'm from Missouri is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Theodore Reed and written by Duke Atteberry and Jack Moffitt. The film stars Bob Burns, Gladys George, Gene Lockhart, Judith Barrett, William "Bill" Henry and Patricia Morison. The film was released on April 7, 1939, by Paramount Pictures.
It is based on novels "Sixteen Hands" by Homer Croy (1938) and "Need of Change" by Julian Street(1909).
Plot
Sweeney Bliss raises prize-winning mules in Missouri. They travel to London with a twofold purpose, to sell mules to the government there and to find a fitting husband for daughter Julie Bliss, perhaps a British dignitary or someone equally suitable.
Complications set in when rival Porgie Rowe also arrives from Missouri, persuading the government that their tractors would be of more use to them than Sweeney's mules.
Cast
Bob Burns as Sweeney Bliss
Gladys George as Julie Bliss
Gene Lockhart as Porgie Rowe
Judith Barrett as Lola Pike
William "Bill" Henry as Joel Streight
Patricia Morison as Mrs. Allison 'Rowe' Hamilton
E. E. Clive as Mr. Arthur
Melville Cooper as Hearne
William Collier, Sr. as Smith
Lawrence Grossmith as Colonel Marchbank
G.P. Huntley as Captain Brooks-Bowen
Doris Lloyd as Mrs. Arthur
Tom Dugan as Gus
Dennie Moore as Kitty Hearne
James Burke as Walt Bliss
Ethel Griffies as Miss Wildhack
Spencer Charters as Charley Shook
Raymond Hatton as Darryl Coffee
Charles Halton as Henry Couch
Reception
Frank Nugent of The New York Times said, "The too-long absence from our cinematic midst of that genial and characteristically asymmetrical map of the Southwest Territory, the physiognomy of Bob Burns, is sensibly and, in a few low-comedy high spots, inspiredly repaired by I'm From Missouri, at the Paramount. A pleasant variation on the commonplace folksiness-vs.-social-ambition theme, carried this time to the length of finally involving half the British peerage in a riotous Missouri hoe-down, the picture is a hare-brained and occasionally hilarious example of a type of Western which we can only classify as mule opera. It is also —need we emphasize? —one of the funniest of this year's crop of comedies."
References
External links
1939 films
Paramount Pictures films
American comedy films
1939 comedy films
Films directed by Theodore Reed
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Rumspringa is a rite of passage among Amish and other communities
Rumspringa may also refer to:
Rumspringa (band), from Los Angeles, California, U.S.
Rumspringa, 2009 EP by The Weeks (band)
Rumspringa, 2011 album by Canon Blue
Rumspringa, a seasonal beer by Lancaster Brewing Company, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Akhil Kumar (born 27 March 1981) is an Indian boxer who has won several international and national boxing awards. They practice an "open guarded" boxing style. In 2005, the Indian government gave them the Arjuna Award for their achievements in international boxing. In March 2017, the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India, appointed Akhil Kumar along with Mary Kom as national observers for boxing.
 They are a member of Haryana Police Service cadre who currently serves as Deputy superintendent of police.
Worked as Nation Observer, Boxing (Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, Government of India) from 2017-2019.
Member: High Powered Committee of Khelo India.
Member: TIDC (Talent Identification and Development Committee) Khelo India (Boxing)
One of the Panellist of the National Anti Doping Agency (NADA) from 2017-2019 and from 2021 to till date.
Appointed as the Selection Committee Member for the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and Arjuna Award in 2012. (Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and Arjuna Award are National Awards. These are the award for the Best Sportsmen in India)
Appointed as the Selection Committee Member for the Bhim Award in 2013. (Bhim Award is a State Award and it is an award for the best Sports person in Haryana)
Competed One Year Regular SAI NS NIS Diploma in Sports Coaching (Boxing): Topper and A Grade.
Selection Committee member (BFI) for selection of Indian Boxing team for international exposures.
Career
1994–2004
Kumar first competed in International boxing in 1999, winning a gold medal in the 6th YMCA Junior International Boxing Championship. In 2001 they won another gold medal in the International Invitational Boxing Championship in Russia. In 2003, they won a gold medal in the flyweight category by defeating Vilitio M Payla (Php) 20-16. They won a Best Boxer award three times, in addition to twelve gold, one silver, and four bronze medals.
2004–2005
Kumar qualified for the Athens Games by winning second place at the 1st AIBA Asian 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Guangzhou, China. In the first round they lost to Uzbekistan's Tulashboy Doniyorov. At the 2004 Olympics, they lost in the first round to Jerome Thomas.
In 2005 Kumar won the gold medal at the 4th Commonwealth Federation Boxing Championships in Glasgow, Scotland. They defeated Bongani Mahalangu of South Africa by a narrow margin of 18-17 in the 54 kg final.
2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games
In the 2006 Commonwealth Games they won the gold medal in the Bantamweight 54 kg category by edging out Nigerian Nestor Bolum and defeating Mauritian Bruno Julie in the final.
They landed six unanswered blows in the opening round of the final. The second round was quite even, with Kumar winning 5-4. They did slightly better in round 3, winning it 6-4, and despite losing the final round 3-4, succeeded in avoiding the single punch that might have cost them the tie.
2008 Beijing Olympics and AIBA World Cup
Kumar qualified for the 2008 Olympic Games, beating among others the silver medallist from the 2004 Summer Olympics, Worapoj Petchkoom, at the Asian boxing qualifying tournament in Bangkok.
At the Olympic event, they made their way to the second round in the Bantamweight 54 kg category beating Frenchman Ali Hallab on points 12-5. In the round of 16, they beat World Champion Sergey Vodopyanov, coming from 2-6 down in the second round of the bout. The score was tied 9-9 at the end of the fourth round but the judges decided in Kumar's favor because they landed a greater number of punches. They lost 3-10 to Veaceslav Gojan of Moldova in the quarter finals on 18 August 2008. They were coached by the Indian boxing coach Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu.
In the AIBA World Cup 2008 held in Moscow, Kumar beat Marcel Schinder of Germany in the quarterfinals with a margin of 15-6. In the semifinals the final score was a tie, 4-4, but this time, the judges awarded the match to their opponent. Kumar won a bronze.
2012 London Olympics
Akhil Kumar was ruled out of the 2012 London Olympics; due to an injury they failed to reduce weight in time to take part in the Asian Continental Olympic qualification tournament, to be held in Astana (Kazakhstan) in April 2012.
Awards
Kumar received the Arjuna award in 2005.
References
External links
One good 'punch' can change boxers' life: Akhil Kumar
1981 births
Living people
Indian male boxers
Bantamweight boxers
Olympic boxers of India
Boxers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Boxers at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Boxers at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games competitors for India
Boxers at the 2006 Asian Games
Boxers at the 2014 Asian Games
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
People from Bhiwani
Boxers from Haryana
People from Rohtak
Louisville's fortifications for the American Civil War were designed to protect Louisville, Kentucky, as it was an important supply station for the Union's fight in the western theater of the war. They were typically named for fallen Union officers; usually those that served in the Army of the Ohio. The inspiration for building the forts came in October 1862, when Confederate forces engaged in their largest attack in Kentucky, only to be halted at the Battle of Perryville. Construction began in 1863, going at a slow pace until Confederate forces marched on Nashville, Tennessee, in the autumn of 1864. This caused General Hugh Ewing to demand from the city to force both military convicts and local "loafers" to help build the fortifications. Due to military engineers being needed on the front lines, the fortifications in Louisville were designed by civilian assistant engineers, as were the ones in Cincinnati, Ohio. Louisville was never endangered, so the guns never fired, save for salutes.
Description
Unlike earlier fortifications, which were quickly constructed of stone masonry and timber, these forts were designed for heavy artillery fire. Also, it was decided that a five-mile (8 km) radius from the city would not adequately defend the city from artillery fire. As a result, newer fortifications would not use any pre-existing fortifications.
They typically held a minimum of 50 artillerists and 200 infantrymen, with four to six cannon. Twelve batteries were to back up eleven forts in a 10 and a half mile arc around the city, relying on the Ohio River to protect the city's northern flank. They were placed in prominent positions, where they could engage in a cross-fire of opposing forces. The forts' lengths were between 550 and , with walls fifteen to thirty feet thick, and six to eight feet high. 200 rounds for each gun were available in the forts.
Forts
These forts were:
Fort Clark: Located on the corner of 36th and Magnolia Streets. It was named for Lt. Col. Merwin Clark of the 183rd Ohio Infantry who died at the Battle of Franklin in November 1864.
Fort Elster: Near Bellaire, Emerald, and Vernon Avenues, between Brownsboro Road and Frankfort Avenue, where Beargrass Creek empties into the Ohio River. It was named for George R. Elstner, a Lieutenant Colonel of the 50th Ohio Infantry who died in Georgia in August 1864.
Fort Engle: Corner of Arlington Ave. and Spring Street. It was named for Captain Archibald H. Engle of the 13th U.S. Infantry, who died in Georgia in May 1864.
Fort Hill: On the hill between St. Louis Cemetery and Goddard Avenue, on what is now Castlewood Avenue. It was named for George W. Hill, a captain in the 12th Kentucky Infantry who died in Atlanta, Georgia, in August 1864.
Fort Horton: Where Merriwether and Shelby Streets meet. It was named for M.C. Horton, a captain of the 104th Ohio Infantry who died in Georgia in May 1864.
Fort Karnash: Between 26th and 28th Sts. on Wilson Avenue. It was named for Julius E. Karnash, a Second Lieutenant of the 35th Missouri Infantry who died in Atlanta, Georgia, in August 1864.
Fort McPherson: in the area of Preston Street, by the old Shepherdsville Turnpike and Louisville and Nashville Railroad, south of the old city limits. It was named for the Major General, James B. McPherson, who died in Atlanta, Georgia, in July 1864. It was the largest of fortifications for Louisville. It was also the first to be built. It typically held 100 artillerists and 500 infantry, but could hold upwards to a thousand soldiers. Its Parrott rifle, actually an artillery cannon, could shoot a 100-pounder shell five miles (8 km) away. It was complemented with ten additional artillery pieces. It also featured a caponier battery, built in the October 1864.
Fort Philpot: located by Algonquin Parkway and present-day Seventh Street Road (then the Louisville and Nashville Turnpike Road). It was named for J. D. Philpot, a captain for the 103rd Ohio Infantry who died in the Battle of Resaca in May 1864.
Fort Saint Clair Morton: on a small hill at corner of where 16th and Hill Streets would be if they intersected, it guarded what is now Dixie Highway (then Salt River Turnpike Road). Named for Major James St. Clair Morton of the Corps of Engineers, who died in the Battle of Petersburg in June 1864.
Fort Saunders: within Cave Hill Cemetery, named after E.D. Saunders of the A.A.G. Volunteers, who died in Georgia in June 1864.
Fort Southworth: On Paddy's Run, by the north side of a bend 1/4 mile from the Ohio River. It was named for A. J. Southworth, who died in Atlanta, Georgia, in August 1864. It was the westernmost of the fortifications and covered in total. Its construction began on August 1, 1864, and was paid for both by Louisville and by the federal government.
Batteries
Only two of the proposed twelve batteries were constructed:
Battery Camp: Located between Fort Hill and Fort Saunders, on the corner of present-day Baxter and Rufer Avenue. It was named for Edgar Camp, a captain of the 107th Illinois Infantry who fell at the Battle of Lost Mountain.
Battery Gallup: centered between Fort Clark and Fort Southworth on part of the old State Fairgrounds, it was named for A.G. Gallup of the 13th Kentucky Infantry who died in September 1864 in Georgia.
After the war
By March 31, 1865, the eleven forts were mostly completed. On May 1, progress of the fortifications had ended, as the majority of Confederate forces had already surrendered. Forty-four to sixty-six artillery pieces were to be used at the forts, but only twenty-two had been installed by the time construction was halted.
None of these protections for Louisville have survived into the 21st century.
See also
Camp Joe Holt
Fort DeWolf
Fort Duffield
Louisville in the American Civil War
Taylor Barracks (Kentucky)
References
External links
Louisville Civil War Sites
American Civil War forts
American Civil War sites
Forts in Kentucky
Louisville, Kentucky, in the American Civil War
Kentucky in the American Civil War
Tourist attractions in Kentucky
Philomena Njeri Mwaura is a Kenyan theologian who is an Associate Professor of Philosophy and Religious Studies at Kenyatta University. They have written in the areas of African theology and mission.
Early life and education
Mwaura has a Bachelor of Education and received a Master of Arts in 1984 with a thesis on the Akurinu churches. They received their PhD from Kenyatta University in 2001 with a thesis titled A theological and cultural analysis of healing in Jerusalem church of Christ and Nabii Christian church of Kenya.
Career
Mwaura was Coordinator of the Theology Commission and Women's Commission (Africa Region) of the Ecumenical Association of Third World Theologians and President of the International Association for Mission Studies.  They are a member of the Circle of Concerned African Women Theologians and Chair of the Collaborative Centre for gender and Development in Kenya.
Mwaura teaches in the Center for Gender Equity and Empowerment at Kenyatta University in Nairobi, and was previously its director.  They are on the advisory council of the Dictionary of African Christian Biography.
Research
Mwaura's research is in African Christianity, new religious movements and religious education. They were co-editor of Theology in the Context of Globalization: African Women's Response and Challenges and Prospects of the Church in Africa. Mwaura argues that the founding of churches by women in Africa is "the ultimate act of religious independency and self-determination".
Selected publications
Books
Chapters
t
Journal articles
References
External links
Interview with Professor Philomena Njeri Mwaura
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kenyatta University alumni
Academics of Kenyatta University
Kenyan women writers
Kenyan Christians
Kenyan theologians
Women Christian theologians
21st-century Protestant theologians
Christian feminist theologians
HIV/AIDS activists
The difference-map algorithm is a search algorithm for general constraint satisfaction problems. It is a meta-algorithm in the sense that it is built from more basic algorithms that perform projections onto constraint sets. From a mathematical perspective, the difference-map algorithm is a dynamical system based on a mapping of Euclidean space. Solutions are encoded as fixed points of the mapping.
Although originally conceived as a general method for solving the phase problem, the difference-map algorithm has been used for the boolean satisfiability problem, protein structure prediction, Ramsey numbers, diophantine equations, and Sudoku, as well as sphere- and disk-packing problems. Since these applications include NP-complete problems, the scope of the difference map is that of an incomplete algorithm. Whereas incomplete algorithms can efficiently verify solutions (once a candidate is found), they cannot prove that a solution does not exist.
The difference-map algorithm is a generalization of two iterative methods: Fienup's Hybrid input output (HIO) algorithm for phase retrieval and the Douglas-Rachford algorithm for convex optimization. Iterative methods, in general, have a long history in phase retrieval and convex optimization. The use of this style of algorithm for hard, non-convex problems is a more recent development.
Algorithm
The problem to be solved must first be formulated as a set intersection problem in Euclidean space: find an in the intersection of sets and . Another prerequisite is an implementation of the projections and that, given an arbitrary input point , return a point in the constraint set or that is nearest to . One iteration of the algorithm is given by the mapping:
The real parameter should not be equal to 0 but can have either sign; optimal values depend on the application and are determined through experimentation. As a first guess, the choice (or ) is recommended because it reduces the number of projection computations per iteration:
A point is a fixed point of the map precisely when . Since the left-hand side is an element of and the RHS is an element of , the equality implies that we have found a common element to the two constraint sets. Note that the fixed point itself need not belong to either or . The set of fixed points will typically have much higher dimension than the set of solutions.
The progress of the algorithm can be monitored by inspecting the norm of the difference of the two projections:
.
When this vanishes, a point common to both constraint sets has been found and the algorithm can be terminated.
Example: logical satisfiability
Incomplete algorithms, such as stochastic local search, are widely used for finding satisfying truth assignments to boolean formulas. As an example of solving an instance of 2-SAT with the difference-map algorithm, consider the following formula (~ indicates NOT):
(q1 or q2) and (~q1 or q3) and (~q2 or ~q3) and (q1 or ~q2)
To each of the eight literals in this formula we assign one real variable in an eight-dimensional Euclidean space. The structure of the 2-SAT formula can be recovered when these variables are arranged in a table:
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|x11
|width="80pt"|x12
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(x21)
|
|x22
|-
|
|(x31)
|(x32)
|-
|x41
|(x42)
|
|}
Rows are the clauses in the 2-SAT formula and literals corresponding to the same boolean variable are arranged in columns, with negation indicated by parentheses. For example, the real variables x11, x21 and x41 correspond to the same boolean variable (q1) or its negation, and are called replicas.
It is convenient to associate the values 1 and -1 with TRUE and FALSE rather than the traditional 1 and 0. With this convention, the compatibility between the replicas takes the form of the following linear equations:
x11 = -x21 = x41
x12 = -x31 = -x42
x22 = -x32
The linear subspace where these equations are satisfied is one of the constraint spaces, say A, used by the difference map. To project to this constraint we replace each replica by the signed replica average, or its negative:
a1 = (x11 - x21 + x41) / 3
x11 → a1 x21 → -a1 x41 → a1
The second difference-map constraint applies to the rows of the table, the clauses. In a satisfying assignment, the two variables in each row must be assigned the values (1, 1), (1, -1), or (-1, 1). The corresponding constraint set, B, is thus a set of 34 = 81 points. In projecting to this constraint the following operation is applied to each row. First, the two real values are rounded to 1 or -1; then, if the outcome is (-1, -1), the larger of the two original values is replaced by 1. Examples:
(-.2, 1.2) → (-1, 1)
(-.2, -.8) → (1, -1)
It is a straightforward exercise to check that both of the projection operations described minimize the Euclidean distance between input and output values. Moreover, if the algorithm succeeds in finding a point x that lies in both constraint sets, then we know that (i) the clauses associated with x are all TRUE, and (ii) the assignments to the replicas are consistent with a truth assignment to the original boolean variables.
To run the algorithm one first generates an initial point x0, say
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|-0.5
|width="80pt"|-0.8
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(-0.4)
|
| -0.6
|-
|
|(0.3)
|(-0.8)
|-
|0.5
|(0.1)
|
|}
Using β = 1, the next step is to compute PB(x0) :
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|1
|width="80pt"|-1
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(1)
|
| -1
|-
|
|(1)
|(-1)
|-
|1
|(1)
|
|}
This is followed by 2PB(x0) - x0,
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|2.5
|width="80pt"|-1.2
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(2.4)
|
| -1.4
|-
|
|(1.7)
|(-1.2)
|-
|1.5
|(1.9)
|
|}
and then projected onto the other constraint, PA(2PB(x0) - x0) :
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|0.53333
|width="80pt"|-1.6
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(-0.53333)
|
| -0.1
|-
|
|(1.6)
|(0.1)
|-
|0.53333
|(1.6)
|
|}
Incrementing x0 by the difference of the two projections gives the first iteration of the difference map, D(x0) = x1 :
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|-0.96666
|width="80pt"|-1.4
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(-1.93333)
|
| 0.3
|-
|
|(0.9)
|(0.3)
|-
|0.03333
|(0.7)
|
|}
Here is the second iteration, D(x1) = x2 :
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|-0.3
|width="80pt"|-1.4
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(-2.6)
|
| -0.7
|-
|
|(0.9)
|(-0.7)
|-
|0.7
|(0.7)
|
|}
This is a fixed point: D(x2) = x2. To iterate is unchanged because the two projections agree. From PB(x2),
{| class="wikitable" style="background-color:white;text-align: center;"
|-
|width="80pt"|1
|width="80pt"|-1
|width="80pt"|
|-
|(-1)
|
| 1
|-
|
|(1)
|(-1)
|-
|1
|(1)
|
|}
we can read off the satisfying truth assignment: q1 = TRUE, q2 = FALSE, q3 = TRUE.
Chaotic dynamics
In the simple 2-SAT example above, the norm of the difference-map increment Δ decreased monotonically to zero in three iterations. This contrasts with the behavior of Δ when the difference map is given a hard instance of 3-SAT, where it fluctuates strongly prior to the discovery of the fixed point. As a dynamical system the difference map is believed to be chaotic, and that the space being searched is a strange attractor.
Phase retrieval
In phase retrieval a signal or image is reconstructed from the modulus (absolute value, magnitude) of its discrete Fourier transform. For example, the source of the modulus data may be the Fraunhofer diffraction pattern formed when an object is illuminated with coherent light.
The projection to the Fourier modulus constraint, say PA, is accomplished by first computing the discrete Fourier transform of the signal or image, rescaling the moduli to agree with the data, and then inverse transforming the result. This is a projection, in the sense that the Euclidean distance to the constraint is minimized, because (i) the discrete Fourier transform, as a unitary transformation, preserves distance, and (ii) rescaling the modulus (without modifying the phase) is the smallest change that realizes the modulus constraint.
To recover the unknown phases of the Fourier transform the difference map relies on the projection to another constraint, PB. This may take several forms, as the object being reconstructed may be known to be positive, have a bounded support, etc. In the reconstruction of the surface image, for example, the effect of the projection PB was to nullify all values outside a rectangular support, and also to nullify all negative values within the support.
External links
Sudoku Solver - A Sudoku solver based on Difference Map algorithm.
Notes
Search algorithms
Constraint programming
Plotius Tucca (fl. 35 BC) was a Roman poet and a friend of Virgil. They were in the circle of friends with Virgil and Maecenas, as indicated by Horace (Satires). According to Donatus's Life of Virgil, after Virgil's death, Plotius was one of two executors of Virgil's literary remains—one of two who helped publish the Aeneid on Augustus's orders (the other being Varius Rufus).
Plotius is known today only in connection with the poetry of Horace and Virgil.
References
Harrison, Stephen J. "Plotius Tucca." In Hornblower, Simon and Antony Spawforth, eds. The Oxford Classical Dictionary. Oxford: Oxford UP, 2003. 1200.
Hollis, A. S. "L. Varius Rufus, De Morte (Frs. 1-4 Morel)". In The Classical Quarterly, New Series, 27(1),1977. 187-190
1st-century BC Roman poets
Golden Age Latin writers
Virgil
Latin writers known only from secondary sources
1st-century BC Romans
Plautii
The Fabulous Dr Fable is a 1973 American TV movie.
References
External links
1973 films
1973 television films
Films directed by Bernard Girard
Papyrus 32 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by , is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to Titus, it contains only Titus 1:11-15; 2:3-8. On the basis of paleography, the manuscript has been assigned a date around A.D. 200.
Description
Written in round and rather large letters. A slight tendency towards division of words can be observed. The nomina sacra are abbreviated.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland described it as "at least normal text", they placed it in Category I. This manuscript shows agreement with Codex Sinaiticus and with F G.
It is currently housed with the Rylands Papyri at the John Rylands University Library (Gr. P. 5) in Manchester.
Greek text
The papyrus is written on both sides. The characters that are in bold style are the ones that can be seen in . It shows agreement with Codex Sinaiticus, Codex Augiensis, and Codex Boernerianus.
Epistle to Titus 1:11-15 (recto)
Epistle to Titus 2:3-8 (verso)
See also
List of New Testament papyri
References
Further reading
Arthur Surridge Hunt, Catalogue of the Greek Papyri in the John Rylands Library I, Literatury Texts (Manchester 1911), pp. 10–11.
External links
recto Titus 1:11-15
verso Titus 2:3-8
Rylands Papyri: Select Rylands Papyri and then Subject: Bible: New Testament etc.
New Testament papyri
2nd-century biblical manuscripts
Early Greek manuscripts of the New Testament
Epistle to Titus papyri
Joseph James Cella ( ; born November 14, 1969) is an American diplomat and political advisor, who served concurrently as the United States Ambassador to Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu from 2019 to 2021. A prominent Roman Catholic, Cella co-founded the National Catholic Prayer Breakfast and Catholic Vote.
Early life and education
Joseph James Cella was born on November 14, 1969, to their father, Robert Cella, and their mother, Janice Jean Rose. They were raised in Richmond, Michigan and graduated from Hillsdale College in 1991. At Hillsdale,
they became a part of the Sigma Chi fraternity.
Political career
Cella made their start in politics by managing two successful campaigns, and one failed campaign for three Republican Michigan state senators. They went on to work for Senator Spencer Abraham, as a political regional director in Michigan for five years. Cella next worked as a staff member in the Capitol Hill office of Representative Thaddeus McCotter for two years, before becoming a senior adviser to the House Republican Steering Committee, and the Republican Policy Committee.
During the 2016 United States presidential election, Cella was initially a conservative critic of Donald Trump's candidacy. Cella was one of several Catholic leaders to sign onto an open letter in March 2016, which “called Trump ‘manifestly unfit to be president of the United States,' citing their “vulgarity,' their appeals to racial and ethnic fears, and questioning their commitment to ending abortion.” They later went on record saying they had “a sincere change of heart and mind” when Trump said they would appoint anti-abortion judges in the mold of Antonin Scalia.
After Trump became the Republican nominee, Cella served as lead Catholic advisory counsel for the Trump campaign. After Trump's election, Cella served as part of Trump's transition team.
Ambassador to Fiji (2019–2021)
Appointment
Cella was offered a White House position after the presidential transition was over, but they declined. Subsequently, Trump offered them an ambassadorship to either Malta, Uruguay, Slovenia, or Fiji. They chose Fiji.
After being nominated by Trump in February 2019, in September the U.S. Senate voted 56–38 to approve Cella as Ambassador to Fiji, and concurrently as Ambassador to Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu. They were sworn in on November 25, 2019.
Tenure
Joseph Cella was presented their credentials to be the 16th United States Ambassador to Fiji and its surrounding islands of Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu on December 23, 2019, by Fijian President Jioji Konrote.
They said, their main priorities within their first 30 days was to be a "very active, aggressive bridge builder, and public engager". On January 30 of next year, Cella met with Joseph Lengyel, who at the time, was a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to "emphasize the importance of Fiji's State Partnership Program with the Nevada National Guard".
Cella helped the Fiji Red Cross Society set up a blood drive. They were their first ever blood donor.
Cella departed Fiji on January 20, 2021, after their resignation. Leaving Tony Greubel as the chargé d'affaires.
COVID-19 pandemic
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Cella received an additional US$27.7 million, and relief supplies for their ambassadorial countries from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID).
Cella got Fiji's leading alcohol beverages manufacturer, Paradise Beverages (Fiji) Limited, to donate relief supplies to the Fijian community. General Manager of Paradise Beverages, Mike Spencer, said that "they were fortunate that the U.S. Embassy has come on board and contribute to this because if they did this themselves, they could not do it for long."
Cella had been involved in on the ground charity work, helping the Fijian Competition and Consumer Commission, during the pandemic. Cella's embassy had made donations to food banks that helped people, and families impacted by COVID-19.
In May 2020, Cella's Embassy requested grant proposals to try to "support economic resilience" in Fiji, Kiribati, Nauru, Tonga, and Tuvalu at the "grassroots level" during the COVID-19 pandemic. The grants were accepted on August 27, 2020.
In July 2020, Cella joined Government of Fiji officials to launch “Health Care on Air". A radio program that attempted to "boost the capacity of health workers to protect themselves, [against COVID-19] and deliver quality health services to communities."
Personal life
Cella lives in Augusta Charter Township, Michigan outside of Ann Arbor with their wife Kristen Renee, and their seven children.
Religious work
Cella is a Roman Catholic. In 2004, they founded the National Catholic Prayer Breakfast along with Rick Santorum, and Leonard Leo, which they created in response to Pope John Paul II's call for a new evangelization. It has featured many notable guest speakers like George W. Bush, John Roberts, Paul Ryan, Raymond Leo Burke, Samuel Alito, and Antonin Scalia.
Cella co-founded the Catholic advocacy organization Catholic Vote. It has grown to over 700,000 members, as of 2019.
References
External links
Fiji – United States relations
|-
|-
|-
1969 births
Living people
21st-century American diplomats
21st-century Roman Catholics
Ambassadors of the United States to Fiji
Ambassadors of the United States to Kiribati
Ambassadors of the United States to Nauru
Ambassadors of the United States to Tonga
Ambassadors of the United States to Tuvalu
American Roman Catholics
Hillsdale College alumni
People from Hillsdale, Michigan
People from Washtenaw County, Michigan
Wet Leg is the eponymous debut studio album by British rock band Wet Leg, released on 8 April 2022 by Domino. It was promoted by the viral hit "Chaise Longue", followed by the singles "Wet Dream", "Too Late Now", "Oh No", "Angelica", and "Ur Mum". The album received acclaim from music critics, topped the charts in Australia and the United Kingdom, and entered the top ten charts in Belgium, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, and New Zealand. It was shortlisted for the 2022 Mercury Prize.
Recording
Wet Leg was recorded in April 2021, before the band had even played live, with Speedy Wunderground's Dan Carey acting as main producer.
Promotion
Wet Leg released their debut single "Chaise Longue" on 15 June 2021. The song earned the band acclaim from various magazines after it went viral online. They followed it up with "Wet Dream" on 28 September 2021 with a "surreal" self-directed video. "Wet Dream" will be sent to alternative radio in the United States on 19 April 2022.
The duo released the double singles "Too Late Now" and "Oh No" on 29 November 2021, alongside a sci-fi video for the former track and the announcement of the album's release date, tracklist, and tour dates. "Oh No" received a music video 1 February 2022, while "Too Late Now" was sent to adult alternative radio in the United States on 7 February 2022. "Angelica" and "Ur Mum" were released as the fifth and sixth singles on 28 February and 4 April 2022, respectively.
The band will tour the album across North America and Europe in 2022.
Composition
Primarily an indie rock, post-punk, alternative rock, Britpop, post-punk revival, indie pop, and punk pop album, Wet Leg takes influence from a variety of other genres, particularly '90s and '00s indie and garage pop.
"Being in Love" is an indie pop, wonky pop, and bubblegum grunge-pop song with post-punk riffs, a synth-rock groove, and art pop influences. "Chaise Longue" is a post-punk, new wave, and garage punk song wherein Teasdale "intone[s] a series of non sequiturs – from suggestive Mean Girls quotes ('would you like us to assign someone to butter your muffin?') to suggestive allusions to academia" in a deadpan voice. "Angelica" is a psychedelic pop and slacker rock song with "ethereal, dreamy harmonies amid distorted guitars" about "a woman miserably going through the motions at a party" "I Don't Wanna Go Out" is a psychedelic and grunge song that lifts the riff from David Bowie's "The Man Who Sold the World" "Wet Dream" is an indie rock and surf rock song with disco handclaps, "a big, shout-along chorus", "a looping bassline and propulsive beat". Teasdale sings about an ex who texts them when they appear in their wet dreams, as well as doing other increasingly ridiculous things like "exposing themselves on the side of the road, climbing onto the hood of their car, licking the windshield." "Convincing", the only song Hesther Chambers sings lead on, is an psychedelic folk, folk-pop, glam rock, and ethereal song influenced by lounge music that "finds [Chambers] in a rut of sadness, not ready to start digging themselves out". "Loving You" is a country pop ballad sung in falsetto that "details the breakdown of a relationship and the painful aftermath of seeing an ex moving on with someone else". "Ur Mum" is a surf rock-inspired pop song that sees Teasdale "calling out a former lover, asking them to forget her", culminating in Teasdale "announcing that she's been practicing their 'loudest scream,' counting to three before letting out a screech." "Oh No" is a glam rock and glam punk song with "fuzzed-out guitars" about doomscrolling and smartphone anxiety. The folk-tinged "Piece of Shit" "compares a full-of-themselves partner to excrement in the toilet bowl" and incorporates "computer game blips". "Supermarket" is a slacker rock song influenced by first-wave British punk that tells a story about being stoned while shopping. "Too Late Now" is an atmospheric, experimental post-rock and guitar pop song that features "a gratifyingly relatable self-doubt break, when the music drops out to allow Teasdale to document their existential angst as it spreads into the track they are currently performing"
Critical reception
Wet Leg was well-received by music critics upon its release. On Metacritic, the album has an average score of 87 out of 100 based on 25 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". Reviewing the album for AllMusic, Heather Phares claimed that "It's rare that a band is so fully formed at the start of their career, but on their self-titled debut album, Wet Leg deliver more of those immediately memorable hooks and relatable, witty retorts." Clash writer Robin Murray called it "the most infectious, alluring, irresistible, and downright fun debut record that's come our way in a long, long time". In a five-star review for DIY, Lisa Wright praised the band's unique personality, saying "it's the slightly wonky worldview of the band themselves that really elevates Wet Leg into the realms of the truly special. Don't be fooled by the prairie dresses and sweetly innocent vocal delivery, Rhian has bite and gleefully revels in a rude one liner." In another five-star review for NME, Rhian Daly called it an "instant classic" and "It rushes with liberating, infectious joy that makes you want to grab your own partner-in-crime and speed off on an adventure to find somewhere that's, as "Angelica"'s mantra suggests, is 'good times all the time'." Rachel Aroesti of The Guardian called Wet Leg a "collection of 90s and 00s-era indie that is by turns dreamy, lush, hooky and thunderous, and layered with lyrics saturated with millennial disaffection, anxiety and overwhelm." The Independent writer Annabel Nugent said that "In vocals that vacillate between taunting melody and rage, Teasdale and Chambers speak to their twenty-something peers in a language they know: work is dull, dating apps are awful, parties aren't as fun as they used to be, death is (thankfully?) inevitable". Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone said that "All told, Wet Leg are a couple of artsy rock & rollers who want too much, feel too much, hate too much, while chasing too many good times. No wonder the world was so ready to fall madly in love with them. After two years of quarantine blues, there was just a widespread cultural craving for this kind of action, and Wet Leg were as surprised as anyone when they tapped into it. But the album makes it sound like they're just getting started." Paste contributor Eric R. Danton said "Their songwriting is tight, their lyrics are brazen, smart and amusing, and they are at ease shifting through various indie styles. What really makes Wet Leg stand out, though, is that Teasdale and Chambers are so clearly having fun."
In a more mixed review Kitty Empire, selecting it as their Observer Album of the Week, nevertheless expressed disappointment at the album's mundanity, stating "Wet Leg's unself-conscious art seemed initially to foreground the ridiculousness of everything (especially weird stains). Their album, by contrast, drills down hard into how rubbish exes are. Relatable, of course, understandable too, but perhaps not what was originally indicated by those lobster claws."
Wet Leg are the first band from the Isle of Wight to achieve a UK number 1 album.
Track listing
Personnel
Wet Leg
Rhian Teasdale – vocals and guitar
Hester Chambers – guitar and vocals
Other musicians
Michael Champion – bass
Henry Holmes – drums and additional vocals
Dan Carey – synthesizer and programming (all tracks except "Chaise Longue")
Jon McMullen – synthesizer and programming (on "Chaise Longue")
Technical
Alexis Smith – engineering (except "Angelica" and "Chaise Longue")
Joshua Mobaraki – production, engineering (on "Angelica")
Jon McMullen – engineering (on "Chaise Longue")
Alan Moulder – mixing
Matt Colton – mastering
Julian Hanson – photography
Matthew Cooper – graphic design
Charts
Certifications
References
2022 debut albums
Wet Leg albums
Albums produced by Dan Carey (record producer)
Domino Recording Company albums
is a Japanese professional shogi player ranked 5-dan.
Early life
Nishida was born in Kyoto, Japan on August 25, 1991. They learned how to play shogi from a book that their parent bought for him, and made it to the semi-finals of the 28th as a sixth-grade elementary school student in 2003 before losing to future fellow shogi professional and eventual tournament winner Kazuo Sugimoto.
Nishida entered the Japan Shogi Association's apprentice school at the rank of 6-kyū as a student of shogi professional in April 2005. They were promoted to the rank of 3-dan in October 2008 and obtained professional status and the rank of 4-dan in April 2017 after winning the 60th 3-dan League (October 2016March 2017) with a record of 15 wins and 3 losses.
Shogi professional
In October 2017, Nishida defeated defending champion Junpei Ide 2 games to 1 to win the 7th .
Promotion history
The promotion history for Nishida is as follows:
2005, April: 6-kyū
2008, October: 3-dan
2017, April 1: 4-dan
2021, February 19: 5-dan
Titles and other championships
Nishida has yet to appear in a major title match, but has won one non-title shogi tournament.
References
External links
ShogiHub: Professional Player Info · Nishida, Takuya
Japanese shogi players
Living people
Professional shogi players
Professional shogi players from Kyoto Prefecture
1991 births
People from Kyoto
Kakogawa Seiryū
Blake Lamont Converse (born 1965) is a United States Navy rear admiral and submarine warfare officer serving as deputy commander of the United States Pacific Fleet since May 7, 2021. As deputy commander, they deputize for the Commander, U.S. Pacific Fleet and handles the fleet's day-to-day administration from headquarters in Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam. They previously served as commander of submarine forces of the Pacific Fleet from February 21, 2019 to April 29, 2021.
Converse's flag assignments include Director, Joint and Fleet Operations (N3), United States Fleet Forces Command and Commander, Submarine Group 9.
References
Living people
People from Philadelphia
Military personnel from Philadelphia
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Pennsylvania State University alumni
Naval Postgraduate School alumni
United States submarine commanders
United States Navy admirals
1965 births
Muhammad Ilyas Ghuman is a Pakistani Deobandi cleric, Islamic preacher, Ilm al-Kalām expert (Mutakallim e islam), religious philosopher, Sufi (he is a discipline of Peer Aziz ur Rehman Hazarvi), Debater, Theologian, and columnist who is the head of Markaz Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat in Sargodha.
Early life and career
Ghuman was born on 12 April 1969 in Sargodha District.  They are a graduate of the Jamia Binoria.
In 2005, they were arrested for alleged involvement in the murder of Sargodha Division Commissioner Syed Tajamul Abbas. In 2006, they were again arrested related to the murder of Shia cleric Bashir Husain Bukhari.
In 2013, they were arrested by the police when they were touring Southern Punjab. In August 2015, they were freed from house arrest.
In August 2018, they published a book named Mera Pakistan.
Books
Some of their books include:<ref>Profile on WorldCat'</ref>
Firqah-yi Ahl-i ḥadīs̲ Pāk va Hind kā taḥqīqī jāʼizah, 2010, 374 p. Criticism of the Ahl-e Hadith.
Firqah-yi Barailviyat Pāk va Hind kā taḥqīqī jāʼizah, 2012, 617 p. Criticism of the Barelvis.
Maẓāmīn-i mutakallim-i Islām, 2012, multiple volumes. On miscellaneous issues of Islam; Islamic doctrines, collected articles published in various Urdu magazines.
Majālis-i mutakallim-i Islām, 2013, 2 volumes. Sermons.
Firqah-i Saifiyah kā taḥqīqī jāʼizah, 2013, 252 p. Criticism of Akhundzada Saif-ur-Rahman Mubarak (1925-2010), a Barelvi scholar.
K̲h̲ut̤bāt-i mutakallim-i Islām, 2013, 3 volumes. Sermons.
Firqah-i Jamāʻatulmuslimīn kā taḥqīqī jāʼizah, 2013, 166 p. Critical study on the belief of Jamāʻatulmuslimīn, Pakistan; a Muslim sect derived from Ahl-i Hadīth.
Mavāʻiz̤-i mutakkalim-i Islām, 2 volumes, 2013. Islamic sermons on religious life of Muslim women.
Jihād fī sabīlilláh aur iʻtirāẓāt kā ʻilmī jāʼizah, 2014, 304 p. On jihad.
Jī hān̲ Fiqah-i Ḥanafī Qurān va Ḥadīs̲ kā nacoṛ hai, 2014, 286 p. In defense of Hanafites with special reference to their views on various aspects of Islamic law.
Kanzulīmān kā taḥqīqī jāʼizah'', 2014, 242 p. Criticism of Kanzul Iman by Ahmed Raza Khan Barelvi.
References
Living people
1969 births
Pakistani Islamists
Pakistani prisoners and detainees
Pakistani columnists
Deobandis
People from Sargodha District
Pakistani Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
Pakistani religious writers
Muslim missionaries
Pakistani Islamic religious leaders
Jamia Binoria alumni
Philotheca wonganensis, commonly known as Wongan philotheca,<ref name="environment">{{cite web |title=Approved Conservation Advice for Philotheca wonganensis (Wongan Philotheca) |url=http://www.environment.gov.au/biodiversity/threatened/species/pubs/64945-conservation-advice.pdf |publisher=Australian Government Department of the Environment |accessdate=15 August 2020}}</ref> is a species of flowering plant in the family Rutaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a shrub with thin, cylindrical leaves and white flowers with a pink central stripe, usually arranged singly in leaf axils.
DescriptionPhilotheca wonganensis is a shrub that typically grows to a height of with corky branchlets. The leaves are thin, scattered, needle-shaped, , sometimes glandular-warty, and channelled on the upper surface. The flowers are arranged singly in leaf axils on a thin, club-shaped pedicel about long. There are five broadly egg-shaped sepals about long and five white, oblong to elliptical petals about long with a pink central stripe. The ten stamens are free from each other and form a pyramid above the ovary. Flowering occurs from August to October and the fruit is about long with a short beak.
Taxonomy and naming
This philotheca was first formally described in 1982 by Paul Wilson who gave it the name Eriostemon wonganensis and published the description in the journal Nuytsia from specimens collected by Kevin Kenneally near Wongan Hills township in 1980. In 1998, Wilson changed the name to Philotheca wonganensis in the same journal.
Distribution and habitatPhilotheca wonganensis grows in dense shrubland and woodland with a shrubby understorey. It is only known from four populations in the Shire of Wongan–Ballidu in the south-west of Western Australia.
Conservation status
This philotheca is classified as "endangered" under the Australian Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999'' and as "Threatened Flora (Declared Rare Flora — Extant)" by the Department of Environment and Conservation (Western Australia). The main threat to the species is poor recruitment.
References
wonganensis
Endemic flora of Southwest Australia
Sapindales of Australia
Plants described in 1982
Taxa named by Paul G. Wilson
Avon Wheatbelt
Paul Limbos (6 July 1914 – 1987) was a Belgian chess player and Belgian Chess Championship winner (1961, 1963).
Biography
From the end of 1950s to the mid-1960s Paul Limbos was one of Belgium's leading chess players. They twice won Belgian Chess Championships: in 1961 and 1963.
Paul Limbos played for Belgium in the Chess Olympiads:
In 1956, at third board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+2, =12, -4),
In 1962, at third board in the 15th Chess Olympiad in Varna (+2, =9, -5).
Paul Limbos played for Belgium in the European Team Chess Championship preliminaries:
In 1970, at second board in the 4th European Team Chess Championship preliminaries (+0, =2, -1).
Paul Limbos played for Belgium in the Clare Benedict Chess Cup:
In 1955, at fourth board in the 2nd Clare Benedict Chess Cup in Mont Pèlerin (+0, =4, -0).
References
External links
Paul Limbos chess games at 365chess.com
1914 births
1987 deaths
Belgian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
Tammer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christiane Tammer, German mathematician
Erik Tammer (born 1969), Dutch football player
Harald Tammer (1899–1942), Estonian weightlifter, athlete and journalist
Peter Tammer (born 1943), Australian film director
See also
Hotel Tammer, hotel in Tampere, Finland
The 2018 season is Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama's 120th complete calendar year in existence, the club's 103rd season in existence of football, and the club's 45th season playing in the Brasileirão Série A, the top flight of Brazilian football.
Players
Squad information
As of 9 March 2018.
from Vasco da Gama (B) (reserve team)
As of 18 December 2017.
from Vasco da Gama (U–20) (ables to play in first team)
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Loan in
from Youth system
On trial (in)
Out
Loan out
to Youth system
On trial (out)
Competitions
Times from 1 January to 17 February 2018 and from 4 November to 31 December 2018 are UTC–2, from 17 February 2018 to 3 November 2018 UTC–3.
Overview
Brasileirão Série A
League table
Results summary
Result round by round
Matches
Copa do Brasil
Vasco da Gama joined the competition in the round of 16.
Copa Libertadores
Vasco da Gama joined the competition in the second qualifying stage.
Copa Libertadores squad
Notes
Qualifying stages
Group stage
Copa Sudamericana
Vasco da Gama joined the competition in the second qualifying stage.
Campeonato do Estado do Rio de Janeiro
Taça Guanabara
Group stage
Taça Rio de Janeiro
Group stage
Knockout phase
Championship phase
Statistics
Squad appearances and goals
Last updated on 8 April 2018.
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Defenders
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Midfielders
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center|Forwards
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players of second squads who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players of youth squads who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season
|-
! colspan=16 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players who have made an appearance or had a squad number this season but have transferred or loaned out during the season
|}
Notes
Goals
1 Includes Rio de Janeiro State Championship and friendlies.
Clean sheets
1 Includes Rio de Janeiro State Championship and friendlies.
Disciplinary record
1 Includes Rio de Janeiro State Championship and friendlies.
References
External links
CR Vasco da Gama
Vasco da Gama
Nicolaus à Kempis, Nicolaus a Kempis or Nicolaes a Kempis (c. 1600 – buried in Brussels on 11 August 1676) was a Flemish composer and organist active in Brussels in the middle of the 17th century.  They are known for introducing the latest innovations from Italy into Flemish polyphonic music.
Life
Not much is known about a Kempis. They were born around 1600, but it is unknown where. Because of their knowledge of contemporary Italian music, some musicologists have opined that they came from northern Italy, perhaps from Florence but there is no evidence for this. Current research is considering the possibility that Kempis was never in Italy and that they only came into contact with the then new Italian violin music through the migration of other musicians caused by the wars of religion.
The earliest extant piece of biographical information about them is their nomination as organist of the cathedral of Saints Michael and Gudule in Brussels around 1626. They had various sons of whom Joannes Florentius succeeded them in their role as organist in 1670.
They died in 1676 and was buried in Brussels on 11 August 1676.
Work
Their compositions range from solo sonatas with basso continuo to six-part pieces.
Between 1644 and 1649, they published at the Phalesius press in Antwerp three volumes of Symphoniae comprising 98 short instrumental pieces and eight motets. Of a fourth volume, undated, only the instrumental part of the viola da gamba remains. A fifth volume with masses and motets is lost. The Symphoniae are among the earliest written symphonies in the Low Countries. They are in fact sonatas for one to five instruments with basso continuo. They comprise solo sonatas for strings with basso continuo as wells as multi-part compositions, some with additional parts for wind instruments. They combine instrumental cantabile with virtuoso features, especially in the violin solos, and contain chromatic-rhetorical elements in the early Baroque Stylus fantasticus. They were mainly intended for domestic music-making and some of them are based on folk music motifs. In formal terms, the Symphoniae are sonatas that consolidate the multi-movement canzone into four movements.
Nicolaus à Kempis was the first musician to introduce the Italian viol style and techniques of Girolamo Frescobaldi, Marco Uccellini, Giovanni Battista Fontana and Dario Castello into the Habsburg Netherlands.
Published works
Symphoniæ unius, duorum, trium violinorum. Authore Nicolao à Kempis, … Antwerpiæ, Apud Heredes Petri Phalesij ad insigne Davidis Regis, 1644.
Symphoniæ unius, duorum, trium, IV. et V. instrumentorum adjunctæ quatuor 3. instrumentorum & duarum vocum. Auctore Nicolao à Kempis, … Operis secundi liber primus. … Antwerpiæ, Apud Magdalenam Phalesia ad insigne Davidis Regis, 1647.
Symphoniæ unius, duorum, trium, IV. et V. instrumentorum adjunctæ quatuor 3. instrumentorum & duarum vocum. Auctore Nicolao à Kempis, … Opus tertium et ultimum. … Antwerpiæ, Apud Magdalenam Phalesia ad insigne Davidis Regis, 1649.
Symphoniæ unius, duorum, trium, IV. V. et VI. instrumentorum. Auctore Nicolao à Kempis, … Opus quartum. … Antwerpiæ, Apud Magdalenam Phalesia ad insigne Davidis Regis, 1649.
Missae e motetta (lost).
References
Flemish Baroque composers
Flemish organists
17th-century classical composers
Male classical composers
Male organists
1600s births
1676 deaths
17th-century male musicians
IFK Östersund is a Swedish football club located in Östersund in Jämtland.
Background
Idrottsföreningen Kamraterna Östersund were founded on 7 March 1906 at the Café Temperance in Östersund. The club subsequently joined the IFK movement and specialised in a range of sports including football, bandy, ice hockey, handball, downhill skiing, cross country skiing, ski jumping, cycling, athletics, basketball, curling, boxing, wrestling, weightlifting and orienteering.
Since their foundation IFK Östersund has participated mainly in the upper and middle divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club's best period was in the 1950s and 1960s when they played a number of seasons in Division 2 Norrland which at that time was the second tier of Swedish football. In May 1959 the club hosted touring Brazilian side CR Vasco de Gama and lost 11–0.
The club currently plays in Division 3 Mellersta Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Hofvallens IP in Östersund. The ground was first opened in 1917 but its current appearance reflects the work undertaken in 1936 when Hofvallen was redeveloped.
IFK Östersund are affiliated to the Jämtland-Härjedalens Fotbollförbund. In 1996/1997 the Ope IF, IFK Östersund, Ostersund / Torvalla FF clubs decided to work together on a joint venture to establish an elite new football club named Östersunds FK.
Players
First team squad
Season to season
Attendances
In recent seasons IFK Östersund have had the following average attendances:
The highest attendance at Hofvallen was 5,355 spectators who attended the match with Marma IF (in Division 2 Norrland) on 5 October 1957.
Footnotes
External links
IFK Östersund – Official website
IFK Östersund Facebook
Ifk Ostersund
Football clubs in Jämtland County
Association football clubs established in 1906
Bandy clubs established in 1906
Ice hockey clubs established in 1906
1906 establishments in Sweden
Idrottsföreningen Kamraterna
The coat of arms of the City of Wrocław is divided into quarters. It dates back to 1530, when it was approved by Emperor Charles V.
Description
In the centre is the severed head of John the Baptist, the city's patron saint. The crowned lion rampant in the first (upper left) quarter represents the Kingdom of Bohemia, which Wrocław became part of upon the death of Duke Henry VI of Silesia in 1335. In the second (upper right) quarter there is the Silesian eagle which comes from the ruling Piast dynasty. The letter "W" in the third quarter stands for both Wratislavia, the Latin name of the city, and for the name of the legendary founder of the city Wrócisław (probably Duke Vratislaus I of Bohemia). In the fourth quarter there is John the Evangelist with halo and an overturned crown as pectorale.
Its blazon is: "Quarterly, I: Gules, a lion rampant queue fourch erect facing sinister Argent, armed and langued Or outlined Sable, crowned Or outlined Sable; II: Or, an eagle Sable charged with across its breast and wings a crescent Argent upward pointing with a crosslet Argent attached rising from the middle; III: Or, a capital letter 'W' Sable serifed; IV: Gules, the head and shoulders of St. John the Evangelist gardant Argent, with youthful face and long hair Argent outlined Sable and with halo Or outlined Sable, issuant from an inverted crown Or outlined Sable. Surmounting all at center a roundel Argent, double-bordered in Sable, charged with St. John the Baptist's head Argent, with beard and hair Sable, semi-gardant turned toward the dexter."
Evolution
The first version of the coat of arms was created in 1292, and featured only the head of John the Baptist. After Wrocław became part of the Kingdom of Bohemia in 1335, the Bohemian lion was added to the shield in alternating quadrants. This version of the shield now exists only on the wall of Lauf Castle near Nuremberg.
The present coat of arms was granted in 1530. In 1938, this coat of arms was abolished, as the Nazi authorities viewed it as too Slavic. It was replaced by a "purely German" coat-of-arms, a shield parted horizontally, with a black Silesian eagle on the top without Christian crosslet on the breast, and an Iron Cross in red field on the bottom. This was abolished after Wrocław became part of Poland in 1945.
Wrocław, as part of the People's Republic of Poland, changed the coat of arms again as the authorities now considered the original version as too Germanic. It was replaced by a "purely Polish" coat of arms with a Silesian black eagle on gold and a Polish white eagle on a red field. These coat of arms were used from 1948 to 1990.
After the collapse of communism, the city decided to revert to the coat of arms of 1530, albeit in a more stylized form.
See also
Coat of arms of Silesia
Polish heraldry
List of coats of arms
References
External links and sources
Herby Wrocławia - Coat of arms of Wrocław na portalu polska-org.pl
Wroclaw
Wrocław
Wroclaw
Wroclaw
Wroclaw
Wroclaw
Wroclaw
Wroclaw
Michael Nesmith in Television Parts is a summer TV series run by NBC in 1985. It was a 30-minute comedy-variety series created by Michael Nesmith as a continuation of their Grammy Award-winning video production Elephant Parts, and earlier series PopClips. The first episode was a stand-alone television special which aired on March 7, 1985. The following series premiered on June 14, 1985.
The show was a mix of music videos (by both Nesmith and others) mixed in with comedy sketches, commercial parodies, and general silliness. It was hosted by Nesmith himself, who also participated in many of the sketches. Television Parts also featured guest appearances by a number of comedians, including Martin Mull, Whoopi Goldberg, Jay Leno, Jerry Seinfeld, Bill Martin, The Funny Boys and Garry Shandling, whose appearance on the show was the seed for It's Garry Shandling's Show. One of the show's featured pieces, "Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey" was later picked up by Saturday Night Live.
The show was cancelled after 5 episodes. The last episode was 90 minutes, and ran in the "Saturday Night Live" time-slot. It would return in 1985 as two separate home video releases on VHS and Betamax, Television Parts Home Companion and Dr. Duck's Super Secret All-Purpose Sauce. The first was a 40-minute compilation featuring the comedy skits and music by Michael Nesmith only. Dr. Duck's Super Secret All-Purpose Sauce was a 90-minute montage of sketch comedy with a variety of stars and music videos, with none by Nesmith. The stars included Bobcat Goldthwait, Ed Begley, Jr., Jimmy Buffett, Rosanne Cash, Whoopi Goldberg, Jay Leno, Jerry Seinfeld and Garry Shandling.
References
External links
NBC original programming
1985 American television series debuts
1985 American television series endings
1980s American variety television series
English-language television shows
Television series created by Michael Nesmith
was a Japanese chemist who studied bioorganic chemistry and natural products. They served as Centennial Professor of Chemistry and chair of the Chemistry Department at Columbia University.
Early life
Nakanishi was born in Hong Kong on May 11, 1925. They first attended the British Boys' School in Alexandria, Egypt. Once they turned 10 their family and they moved back to Japan, where they would attend Yamate primary for a year before transferring over to the junior division of Konan High school. They first applied to Tokyo University only to be rejected, after which they applied and was accepted to Nagoya University. They received their bachelor's degree in chemistry from Nagoya University in 1947 from Prof. Fujio Egami. Following two years of post-graduate work with Prof. Louis Fieser at Harvard University, they returned to Nagoya University where they completed their Ph.D. in 1954 with Yoshimasa Hirata.
Career
Nakanishi took a position as an assistant professor at Nagoya, and then professor of chemistry at Tokyo University of Education (now the University of Tsukuba). In 1963 they moved to Tohoku University in Sendai and remained there until 1969 when they joined the faculty of Columbia University. In 1980 they became Centennial Professor of Chemistry. They were chairperson of the Chemistry Department from 1987 to 1990.
Nakanishi was a founding member and one of the six directors of research at the International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology in Kenya, the first director of the nonprofit Suntory Institute for Bioorganic Research (Sunbor), Osaka, and they assisted the Brazilian government to set up a center of excellence in the Amazons, the Institute of Medicinal and Ecological Chemistry with its headquarters in São Paulo. In April 2001 they were asked to start a chemistry unit within Biosphere 2, Arizona, operated by Columbia University.
Nakanishi's research encompassed isolation, structural and bioorganic studies of bioactive compounds, retinal proteins, interaction between ligands and neuroreceptors, development of various spectroscopic methods, especially circular dichroic spectroscopy. They have published around 750 papers, and authored, co-authored, or edited nine books on spectroscopy and natural products.
Nakanishi determined the structures of over 200 biologically active animal and plant natural products, many of which are endogenous and/or the first member of a new class. These include ginkgolides from the ancient ginkgo tree, first insect molting hormones from plants, new nucleic acid bases, insect antifeedants, antibiotics, first meiosis inducing substance from starfish, crustacean molt inhibitors, shark repellents from fish, tunicate blood pigments, brevetoxins from red-tide dinoflagellates, philanthotoxin (glutamate and nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist) from a wasp, and the human eye pigment involved in macular degeneration.
Nakanishi's studies with retinal analogs and retinal proteins made seminal contributions in understanding the structural and mechanistic basis of animal vision and phototaxis. In 2000, their research group succeeded in clarifying relative movements of the retinal and the opsin receptor throughout the visual transduction process; this was the first such study performed with G protein-coupled receptors (GPCR) and contributed in clarifying the mode of action of numerous other GPCRs. It also established the structure and biosynthesis of the fluorescent pigment A2E that leads to the incurable eye disease age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and its involvement in apoptosis.
Nakanishi's spectroscopic contributions included the first applications of the NMR nuclear Overhauser effect in structure determination during the ginkgolide studies (1967), and in particular development of the exciton coupled circular dichroic method (1969), a non-empirical sub-microgram scale technique for determining various aspects of molecular chirality of organic molecules in solution, an extremely versatile technique applicable to compounds ranging from small molecules to various types of ligand/receptor complexes.
As of December 2002, approximately 425 students and postdoctoral fellows spent a period of time in their group, i.e., 95 in Japan and 330 at Columbia University. About 140 of their former colleagues hold academic positions at universities.
Recognition
Nakanishi received awards from the US, Japan, Bulgaria, China, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Italy, Saudi Arabia, Sweden (the Scheele Award, 1992), Switzerland, Taiwan, and the UK. In an unprecedented international alliance, the Nakanishi Prize of the American Chemical Society (ACS) and the Chemical Society of Japan (CSJ) was established in 1995 and is awarded in alternate years in Japan and the U.S. to recognize achievements in chemical and spectroscopic methods to the study of biological phenomena; it is the only CSJ prize with an individual's name. In 1999, they were awarded one of Japan's highest honors, "Person of Cultural Merit" for their breakthrough research in the organic chemistry of natural products.
Their many honors include the prestigious King Faisal International Prize in Science, the Welch Award, the Arthur C. Cope Award, the Paul Karrer Gold Medal, the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy, the National Academy of Sciences Award in Chemical Sciences, the Tetrahedron Prize (2004) and the Japan Academy Prize, as well as honorary doctorates from Williams College, Georgetown University and the University of Uppsala. They were also awarded the 'Pure Chemistry' award, given to notable chemists under the age of 35, by the American Chemical Society, in 1956 when they were 31.
Bibliography
A Wandering Natural Products Chemist (1991)
Personal life
When Nakanishi appeared at a reception where they were scheduled to receive an award or to present a scientific paper, the audience could most generally expect an added spectacular surprise treat, as they were also a famous and talented magician.
Nakanishi married Yasuko Abe in 1945 (d. 2008). They have two children, Keiko and Jun, three grandchildren, Aya, J. Kenji López-Alt, and Pico, and a great-granddaughter.
The Nobel Prize winner Satoshi Ōmura was Nakanishi's student at Tokyo University of Education. They were the doctoral advisor of Chinese billionaire, WuXi AppTec founder Ge Li at Columbia University.
Notes
References
Biographical snapshots: Koji Nakanishi, Journal of Chemical Education web site.
1925 births
2019 deaths
Japanese chemists
Harvard University staff
Columbia University faculty
Laureates of the Imperial Prize
Tohoku University faculty
Nagoya University alumni
Recipients of the Order of Culture
Compucom Institute of Technology and Management (CITM) is an engineering and management college in Jaipur, Rajasthan.
CITM is approved by AICTE and affiliated to Rajasthan Technical University, Kota and Rajasthan University, Jaipur.
CITM offers B.Tech. (civil, electrical, computer, and electronics and communications engineering), BCA, MCA, MJMC and MBA courses.
See also
List of institutions of higher education in Rajasthan
References
Engineering colleges in Jaipur
Universities and colleges in Jaipur
Educational institutions established in 2001
2001 establishments in Rajasthan
Per Ragnar, Per-Erik Ragnar (born 29 May 1941), is a Swedish actor, director and author.
Biography
Ragnar was born in Kalmar, Sweden and is the son of district manager Hans Ragnar and the postal clerk Karin, née Pettersson. Ragnar trained at the Royal Dramatic Training Academy in 1962-65. The following year they got a job as director's assistant to Ingmar Bergman (on their stage production of Peter Weiss' play The Investigation), where Ragnar states they learned a lot on the art of acting and directing from "the master", just by watching and listening when Bergman worked with their actors and the script. In 1968 Per Ragnar had their breakthrough as an actor, earning much critical acclaim and audience praise for their performances in the Arnold Wesker "trilogy" staged that year in Sweden: Hönssoppa med korngryn (Chicken Soup with Barley), Rötter (Roots) and Jag talar om Jerusalem (I'm talking about Jerusalem). The same year they also made their film-breakthrough with Korridoren (The Corridor), Jan Haldoff's social commenting film on hospitals and the health care system in Sweden, where Ragnar plays a young doctor, new on the job, facing the dilemmas of prioritizing patients.
In the 1970s their collaborating with TV director Bengt Lagerkvist led to notable performances on TV, first as Arvid Falk in Lagerkvist's TV adaption of Strindberg's play The Red Room) (Röda rummet), and in the popular Swedish TV-series Någonstans i Sverige (~Somewhere In Sweden), a series covering the years in Sweden during the time of World War II in Europe, where Ragnar played the character of fänrik Ancker.
For a young audience today, in Sweden, they became unforgettable when playing the religious psycho Sten Frisk in the popular and long-running 1990s TV series Tre Kronor (1994) on Swedish channel TV4, a role that followed them for long and for more than a decade led to them often being typecast as evil characters and crazy psychos in various roles on film and TV. Even though being cast in a Swedish vampire film, their character of Håkan was this time a bit more complex than just "evil"; in director Tomas Alfredson's popular success feature Låt den rätte komma in (Let the Right One In) in 2008. Previously they had worked with Tomas Alfredson and their "Killinggänget" group in their film En liten film.. (A Little Film..) in 1999, where they had a small key part as an absent-minded boss.
Being versatile in the entertainment field, Per Ragnar has also worked as a TV presenter and host for the Swedish morning show Gomorron Sverige! (Good Morning Sweden!). They have also written a number of books, including a book on Hitler and their closed community of friends and party members, and one on Martin Luther's Christian philosophy. Their most recent book is called Om bland tusen stjärnor: en tankebok om döden (~Among A Thousand Stars: A Book On Death), which deals with how differently all of us deals with – and approaches – the subject of death; children and adults, different religions; scientifically, spiritually and logically.
Per Ragnar is also an appreciated lecturer and gives many lectures and public readings around Sweden, in various assembly halls; both on acting and around the subjects from their books and research.  They are a longtime vegetarian and an outspoken pacifist, inspired by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi's non-violence philosophy.  They are also attracted to the ideas and concept of Martinus cosmology.
In 2009 they will play the character of Emperor Zing, Master of The Universe, in the Swedish children's sci-fi film feature Kenny Begins, a film adaption of the popular Swedish children's TV-series Kenny Starfighter; about the space superhero Kenny Starfighter.
Per Ragnar was married to Veronica Tigerhjärta from October 2000 to 2014. They have one daughter (born 2001).
Selected filmography
Korridoren (1968)
Tre Kronor (1994) (TV-series)
Under ytan (1997)
The Last Contract (1998)
Storm (2005)
Let the Right One In (2008)
Psalm 21 (2009)
Kenny Begins (2009)
Faust 2.0 (2014)
Books
Om bland tusen stjärnor: en tankebok om döden (2009)
Så tänker mitt hjärta (2006)
Hitler: Hans folk (2006)
Till min älskade dotter (2002)
Luther: död eller levande (2000)
Du som är: meditationer och dikter (1999)
När ska jag ha tid att leva (1996)
Hitler (1994)
Datorer - herrar eller tjänare (1980)
Sommar vid Bråviken: Dikter (1980)
Därför är jag vegetarian (1976)
Julresan (1973)
Brevet till mormor (1972)
References
The biography at perragnar.se (The Official Per Ragnar Website - Swedish)
External links
Official site
Interview with Per Ragnar
1941 births
Living people
Swedish male film actors
Swedish male stage actors
Swedish male television actors
Swedish male writers
Swedish-language writers
People from Kalmar
Mehr Azin (, also Romanized as Mehr Āz̄īn) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,189, in 296 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
TatNet (short for "Tatar Internet") is the name Tatar-speaking Internet users commonly use for the segment of the Web about the Tatar people or Tatarstan. It includes webpages and websites in many languages.
The first e-mail message in Tatar was probably sent and received in 1991 when employees of the Tatar-Bashkir Service of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty started using the Internet and electronic communication on a regular basis. In 1994, a Tatar-language mailing list (TMG, standing for Tatar Mailing Group) was established and this year is commonly regarded as the birthyear of the Tatar Internet. Since approximately 2000, Tatnet has been developing explosively, with many web pages and web sites added to it annually. The existence of Tatnet continues to contribute tremendously to the cohesion and consolidation of the Tatar people, a significant achievement because Tatars are dispersed all over the world and a substantial majority of Tatars live outside their ethnic homeland, Tatarstan. Tatar Internet users employ Latin and Cyrillic scripts with the former gradually becoming more dominant.
The name TatNet is a portmanteau for "Tatar Internet", formed as analogue of the alike terms Runet, Kaznet, Uznet and others. TatNet gets some support from Tatarstan authorities, e. g. the Republic's Agency on mass communication (Tatmedia) helps with organizing of the annual website building contest "Stars of TatNet" ("Татнет йолдызлары").
See also
Tatar Wikipedia
ChuvashTet
External links
“Tatarstan Electronic Government” project awarded by the British Institute
Татарский Интернет: История, проблемы, тенденции развития (Russian)
References
Tatar people
Internet in Russia
Tatarstan
Tatar culture
The 2014 Grand Prix Hassan II doubles was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts in Casablanca, Morocco.
Julian Knowle and Filip Polášek were the defending champions, but Polášek chose not to participate. Knowle plays alongside Christopher Kas, but they lost in the first round to Tomasz Bednarek and Lukáš Dlouhý.
Jean-Julien Rojer and Horia Tecău won the title, defeating Bednarek and Dlouhý in the final, 6–2, 6–2.
Seeds
Jean-Julien Rojer / Horia Tecău (champions)
Jamie Murray / John Peers (semifinals)
Colin Fleming / Jonathan Marray (quarterfinals)
Oliver Marach / Florin Mergea (quarterfinals)
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Grand Prix Hassan II - Doubles
2014 Grand Prix Hassan II
Jonathan Paul Caulkins (born 1965) is an American drug policy researcher and the H. Guyford Stever Professor of Operations Researches and Public Policy at Heinz College at Carnegie Mellon University.
Education
Caulkins received their B.S. and M.S. from Washington University in St. Louis in 1987, and their S.M. and Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1989 and 1990, respectively.
Career
Caulkins joined the faculty of Heinz College in 1990, and has remained there ever since, with the exceptions of leaves they took to serve as co-director of the RAND Corporation's Drug Policy Research Center in Santa Monica from 1994 to 1996, to found RAND's Pittsburgh office from 1999 to 2001, and to teach at the Doha campus of Carnegie Mellon from 2005 to 2011.
Research
Caulkins has conducted research on illicit drugs and the policies surrounding them. In one study, they found that more than 85% of people in prison on drug charges were involved in drug distribution, and that most of the remaining prisoners had some suggestion of involvement in distribution. While at RAND, they also led another study that found that mandatory sentencing for low-level drug offenders was ineffective because, in Caulkins' words, "most incarcerated drug dealers can be easily replaced on the street." With respect to marijuana, they have said that, contrary to popular belief, most users of the drug are not college graduates, and that advocates of the drug's legalization tend to overstate its role in crime and violence with respect to drug trafficking from Mexico.
Recognition
They won the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences (INFORMS) President's Award in 2010, and became an INFORMS Fellow in the same year.
Caulkins was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering in 2015 for contributions to the analysis, modeling, and engineering of drug policy in the United States and abroad.
References
External links
Living people
1965 births
American operations researchers
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Washington University in St. Louis alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Fellows of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences
The Chairman Dances is a 1985 composition by John Adams, subtitled Foxtrot for Orchestra and lasting about 13 minutes. A commission from the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra, it has several dance-like tunes and has been described by Adams as an “outtake” from Act III of the opera they were working on at the time, Nixon in China. The word “Dances” in the title is a verb, not a noun. In the opera, the music depicts Madame Mao gate-crashing a presidential banquet, hanging paper lanterns, and performing a seductive dance; Chairman Mao descends from their portrait, and the two dance a foxtrot, back in time together. The piece ends with the sound of a gramophone winding down.
The Chairman Dances was used in the Civilization IV and I Am Love soundtracks.
Instrumentation
The work is scored for a large orchestra.
Woodwinds
2 flutes, both doubling piccolo
2 oboes
2 clarinets in B, second doubling bass clarinet
2 bassoons
Brass
4 horns in F
2 trumpets in B
2 tenor trombones
tuba
Percussion
glockenspiel
vibraphone
xylophone
crotales
sandpaper blocks
wood blocks, high and medium
crash cymbal
hi-hat
suspended cymbal
sizzle cymbal, suspended
claves
bell tree
triangle
tambourine
castanets
snare drum
pedal bass drum
timpani
Keyboards
piano
Strings
harp
string section
References
External links
Sound Clip of The Chairman Dances, and John Adams' Program Notes
Compositions by John Adams (composer)
1985 compositions
Compositions for symphony orchestra
Music commissioned by the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra
The 24th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on May 25, 1951, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company, at the National Press Club.
The winner was 13-year-old Irving Belz of Memphis, Tennessee, sponsored by the Memphis Press-Scimitar, correctly spelling the word insouciant. Michael Aratingi, also 13, of Brooklyn, New York placed second, misspelling cuisine. Mary Anne Bechkowiak (13) of Akron, Ohio placed third, misspelling grosgrain. The top prizes where $500, $300, and $100.
There were 51 contestants this year, 33 girls and 18 boys—4 at age 11, 11 at age 12, 28 at age 13, and 8 at age 14. Three contestants were repeat participants. The competition started at 9:10am and ended at 3:15pm, with a 45-minute lunch break and three 5-minute breaks, with a total of 26 rounds and 394 words used.
The winner received $500 and trip to New York (and a stay at the Hotel New Yorker); second place received $300; third got $100; the next 20 spellers received $50, and the last 28 spellers received $40.
Benson S. Alleman was the pronouncer.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1951 in Washington, D.C.
1951 in education
May 1951 events in the United States
Zanempilo Community Health Care Centre (ZCHC), infamously known as the "Biko Clinic", was the first primary health care centre initiative outside of the public sector in South Africa. It is located in Zinyoka Village, near King William's Town in the Eastern Cape. The clinic was established as one of the Black Community Programmes (BCPs) spearheaded by Steve Biko and Mamphela Ramphele.
Purpose
"Zanempilo" meaning "bringing health" in isiXhosa, operated from 1974 to 1977 and aimed to improve the physical health of the community, assist with economic growth and restore a sense of dignity for black people. It took an holistic approach to treating health problems in the community by considering the environment and living conditions of the patients.
The Black Consciousness Movement became active from the 1960s to the 1970s after the ANC and PAC were banned by the South African government. The South African Students Movement, SASO had limitations as a student movement therefore, the Black Consciousness Movement created a numerous political and community organisations like the Zanempilo Community Health Care Centre in order to expand the movement. At the time, residents in the Ciskei region experienced the negative effects of the migrant labour system, state neglect, decreasing agricultural sustainability (as many young skilled men had left to work in the mines), inadequate health services and an influx of people due to forced removals.
Zinyoka Community
The village of Zinyoka in the Ciskei experienced all of these challenges with rural health clinics scattered approximately 20 kilometres apart. These clinics lacked medical supplies and staff members. Grey Hospital in King William's Town was mostly used for white patients. The hospitals that allowed black people were the Mission Hospital, Mt Coke Mission Hospital and St Matthews Mission which were far away and poorly resourced.
The Zanempilo Community Health Care Centre mainly served people from the surrounding rural areas. These were mostly women who were either domestic workers or relied on their husbands' wages from mining.
Research and statistics done be ZCHCC staff found that the "average" Zinyoka family consisted of an average of 6 people. Each family earned an income of R5-R10 per week and the families consisted mostly of women and children. Most of the men were over the age of 50 (as younger men were at work).
Funding
The startup funding came from Angela Mai, a German citizen born in South Africa, who approached the BCP with between R20 000 - R30 000. The South African Council of Churches (SACC) assisted in running costs. The clinic opened in January 1975.
Staff
Mamphela Ramphele is a qualified medical practitioner who worked at Mt Coke hospital and joined Zanempilo as the head medical officer. Dr. Ramphele was permanently on duty for the first year of the project and earned a salary of R600 per month. Ramphele was restricted to Tzaneen in 1977 which forced them to end their tenure at Zanempilo.
Steve Biko was the regional director of the BCP. After their expulsion from medical school, the government restricted Biko to King William's Town in the hopes of ending their influence. However, Biko joined the BCP and directed their political activity there. The government was unaware for quite some time that the BCPs were associated with the Black Consciousness Movement. Biko often came to Zanempilo to avoid police surveillance and frequently held meetings with members of the ANC and PAC. Students from Fort Hare spent their holidays assisting at Zanempilo.
Nontombeko Moletsane was one of the 2 nursing staff sisters that Ramphele recruited from Mt Coke hospital.
Beauty Nongauza was one of the 2 nursing sisters that Ramphele recruited from Mt Coke Hospital.
Dr Siyolo Solombela joined the clinic after completing their internship duties at Livingstone Hospital in Port Elizabeth.
Stanley Roji was the watchman of the clinic and reported police disguising themselves as sick patients in order to spy on the political activists in the clinic.
Mziwoxolo Ndzengu was the resident ambulance driver from Ginsberg.
Mr Flask was the local builder who rushed to have the clinic completed by the end of 1974. They also built the staff house where Ramphele lived for the reasonable cost of R4000.
Facilities
The health care centre was built on the land of an Anglican church. The ZCHCC provided:
an outpatient section for minor and major ailments
a maternity section with an antenatal clinic, labour ward, nursery and lie-in ward for mothers after delivery
a panel van which functioned as an ambulance and a mobile clinic to access further distances
These services were available 24 hours a daty, 7 days a week and throughout the year.
The facility expanded and was fully equipped with beds, flushing toilets, electricity and clean water, amenities that many of the residents of Zinyoka were unaccustomed to. Zanempilo not only functioned as a health facility, but also as a political meeting point, training ground for activists, community centre to discuss problems and place of events and celebrations.
The facility had many visitors ranging from neighbouring villagers, political activists, business people, philanthropists, international visitors and the security police.
Projects
Nontombeko Moletsane initiated a bulk grocery buying scheme. Child mortality decreased after the nutrition of the community improved. They also started a leather factory which provided many of the women with income.
Resistance
The headman and chief in Zinyoka, Sidoko Sijama, under the chief of Tshatshu, was against the operations of the clinic. Many of the members of the Ciskei government were afraid that this clinic would cause conflict with the authorities. A rival clinic was built but it did not succeed. Other attempts to end the operations of the clinic included withholding the operating licence and not allowing the clinic access to free immunisations for children.
Closure
Two weeks after the death of Steve Biko, on the 17 October 1977, all black consciousness organisations including the BCPs were banned. Two days after this ban, authorities confiscated all the assets of the clinic. They also destroyed the leather work factory and placed the Zanempilo clinic under government control. Additionally, all clinic programmes were cancelled, it no longer offered 24 hour care, it was not open on weekends, it lost supplies and no longer provided ambulatory services.
Legacy
The success of the ZCHCC led to the initiation of a similar project at the South coast of Natal called Sonempilo meaning "Eye of Health" however, the banning of black consciousness organisations led to the closure of this facility in 1977. During Mamphela Ramphele's time in Tzaneen, they created the Isutheng Community Health Programme which empowered women through growing vegetable gardens and other economically empowering activities.
The Biko Heritage Trail which runs from Port Elizabeth to King William's Town, it includes Niko's home in Ginsenberg township, Biko Bridge in East London and the Zanempilo Clinic.
Currently, the "Biko Clinic" is functioning and in need of repairs. It serves 800 people per month in a community of 3500.
See also
Africana womanism
Black Power
Black Power Revolution
Black Surrealism
Négritude
Steve Biko Foundation
External links
The BCM in South African literature
Interview with Mamphela Ramphele
The relevance of Black Consciousness today, 2010
Black Consciousness in Dialogue: Steve Biko, Richard Turner and the ‘Durban Moment' in South Africa, 1970 – 1974, Ian McQueen, SOAS, 2009
Columbia University research page on the BCM.
Bikoism or Mbekism? Thesis on Biko's Black Consciousness in contemporary South Africa
Black Consciousness in South Africa, by Nigel Gibson
New introduction to Biko's I Write What I Like, by Lewis Gordon, 2007
Steve Biko: The Black Consciousness Movement
References
African and Black nationalism
Hospitals in the Eastern Cape
Current major manufacturers
Audi (1909–present) Volkswagen Group
50
4000 Wagon
72 / 75
80 / 90 / Coupè / S2 / RS2 / Cabriolet
100 / 200 / 5000 / S4
4000CS quattro
A1 / S1
A2
A3 / S3 / RS3
A4 / S4 / RS4
A5 / S5 / RS5
A6 / S6 / RS6
Allroad
A7 / S7 / RS7
A8 / S8
Q2
Q3 / RS Q3
Q5 / SQ5
Q7 / SQ7
Q8
Quattro / Coupé GT
R8 / R8 GT
TT / TTS / TT RS
BMW (1916–present) BMW Group
1 Series
2 Series / M2 / M2 COMPETITION
3 Series / M3 / M3 COMPETITION
4 Series / M4 / M4 COMPETITION
5 Series / M5 / M5 COMPETITION
6 Series / M6
7 Series
8 Series / M8 / M8 COMPETITION
303
315
319
323
326
327
328
329
335
340
501 / 502
503
507
600
700
1500 / 1600 / 1800 / 2000 / 2002
2500 / 2800 / 3.0S / 3.0Si / 3.3Li
BMW i8
BMW i8 cabriolet
BMW i3
BMW i3s
BMW Isetta
BMW E9
BMW M1
BMW X7
BMW X5
BMW X6
BMW X4
BMW X3
BMW X2
BMW X1
BMW X8 - Coming in the year 2022
Ford-Werke GmbH (1925–present) Ford of Europe
Ford C-Max
Ford Galaxy
Ford Explorer
Ford Expedition
Ford F-series
Ford E-series
Ford Capri
Ford Cougar
Ford Eifel
Ford Escort (Europe)
Ford Fiesta
Ford Focus
Ford Fusion (Europe)
Ford Granada (Europe)
Ford Köln
Ford Kuga
Ford Orion
P7
Ford Puma (sport compact)
Ford Rheinland
Ford Sierra
Ford Taunus
F-150
Mercedes-Benz (1886–present) Mercedes-Benz Group AG
A-Class / A-Class Hatchback
B-Class
C-Class
CL-Class (originally "SEC" S-Class coupe, then CL-Class, then back to S-Class coupe)
CLA-Class
CLC-Class
CLK-Class / CLK-GTR (originally "C / CE / CD" E-Class coupe, then CLK-Class, then back to E-Class)
CLS-Class
E-Class
EQ-Class / Mercedes-Benz EQC and EQV
G-Class
GL-Class
GLA-Class
GLB-Class
GLC-Class
GLK-Class
GLS-Class
M-Class / ML-Class
R-Class
S-Class
SL-Class
SLK-Class
SLR McLaren
SLS
V-Class
X-Class
Opel (1862–present) Stellantis
Adam
Admiral
Agila
Ampera
Antara
Arena
Ascona
Astra
Bedford Blitz
Blitz
Calibra
Campo
Cascada
Chevette
Combo
Commodore
Corsa
Diplomat
5 / 12 PS "Puppchen"
4 / 8 PS "Doktorwagen"
Frontera
GT
Insignia
Kadett
Kapitän
4 PS "Laubfrosch"
Manta
Meriva
Mokka
Monterey
Monza
Movano A/B
Movano C
Olympia
Olympia Rekord
Omega
Patent Motor Car, System Lutzmann
P4
RAK
RAK2
Regent
Rekord
Senator
Signum
Sintra
Speedster
Super 6
Tigra / Tigra TwinTop
Vectra
Vivaro
Zafira / Zafira Tourer
Porsche (1931–present) Volkswagen Group
Porsche 356
Porsche 550
Porsche 718
Porsche 904
Porsche 906
Porsche 911
Porsche 912
Porsche 914
Porsche 924
Porsche 928
Porsche 930
Porsche 944
Porsche 959
Porsche 968
Porsche Boxster
Porsche Cayenne
Porsche Carrera GT
Porsche Panamera
Porsche 918 Spyder
Porsche Cayman/Boxster 982
Porsche Macan
Porsche Taycan
Volkswagen (1937–present) Volkswagen Group
181 / Thing
Amarok
Atlas/Teramont
Beetle
Caddy
Corrado
Dasher
Eos
Fox
Gol / Saveiro / Parati / Fox / CrossFox / Spacefox
Golf / Rabbit / Caribe
Golf Plus
Jetta / Bora / Vento
Karmann Ghia
Lupo
New Beetle
Passat / Quantum
Phaeton
Polo
Routan
Scirocco
Sharan
SP2
Tiguan
Touareg
Touran
Transporter / Caravelle / Microbus / Vanagon / Eurovan
Type 3
Type 4
Vento
Current minor manufacturers
9FF
Aaglander (2003–present)
AC Schnitzer
Alpina (1965–present)
Apollo Automobil (2016-present)
Arden
Artega
Artemis (2021–present)
BAT
Binz
Bitter (1971–present)
Borgward (1924–1963; 2008–present)
Brabus (1977–present)
Carbodies
Carlsson
CityEl (1987–present)
Citysax
e.Go
Elia
Gumpert (2004–present)
Isdera (1983–present)
Jetcar (2000–present)
Keinath (1996–present)
Lotec (1981–present)
Mansory (1989–present)
Pegasus (1995–present)
RG - Roland Gumpert (2017–present)
Ruf Automobile (1982–present)
Weineck Engineering
Wiesmann (1988–present)
Yes! (1999–present)
Former manufacturers
A–C
AAA (1919)
Aachener (1902)
AAG (1900–1901)
Adler (1900–1939)
Alan (1923–1925)
AFM (1949–1953)
AGA (1919–1929)
Alfi (1921–1924)
Alliance (1904–1905)
Allright (1908–1913)
Altmann (1905–1907)
Amor (1924–1925)
Amphicar (1961–1968)
Ansbach (1910–1913)
Anker (1919–1920)
Apollo (1910–1927)
Argus (1902–1910)
Arimofa (1921–1922)
Artega (2006–2012) (2015– )
Atlantic (1921–1923)
Auto Union (1932–1962)
AWS (1971–1974)
Baer (1921–1924)
Beaufort (1901–1906)
Beckmann (1900–1926)
BEF (1907–1913)
Benz (1883–1926)
Benz Söhne (1906–1926)
Bitter (1973–c.1992)
Boes (1903–1906)
Borgward (1939–1961)
Brennabor (1908–1934)
Brütsch (1952–1958)
Butz (1934)
Certus (1928–1929)
Champion (1948–1954)
Cito (1905–1909)
Club (1922–1924)
Colibri (1908–1911)
Cudell (1899–1908)
Cyklon (1902–1929)
D–F
Daimler (1885–1889)
Deutz (1907–1911)
Diabolo (1922–1927)
Diana (1922–1923)
Dixi (1904–1928)
DKW (1928–1966)
DMG (1890–1902)
Dehn (1924)
Dinos (1920–1924)
Dürkopp (1898–1927)
Dux (1905–1926)
EAM (1990)
Ego (1921–1926)
Ehrhardt (1905–1924)
Ehrhardt-Szawe (1924–1925)
Eisenach (1898–1903)
EMW (1945–1956)
Erdmann (1904–1908)
Excelsior-Mascot (1911–1922)
Exor (1923)
Express (1901–1910)
Fadag (1921–1925)
Fafag (1921–1923)
Fafnir (1908–1926)
Falcon (1921–1926)
Falke (1899–1908)
Faun (1921–1928)
Favorit (1908–19
Feldmann (1905–1912)
Flitzer (1948–1953)
Ferbedo (1923–1925)
Fiat-Neckar (1957–1971)
Framo (1932–1937)
Freia (1922–1927)
Fuldamobil (1950–1960)
Fulmina (1913–1926)
G–K
Gaggenau (1905–1911)
Gasi (1921)
Geha (1910–1923)
Glas (1955–1969)
Goggomobil (1955–1969)
Goliath (1931–1963)
Grade (1921–1926)
Gridi (1923–1924)
Gutbrod (1904–2005)
HAG (1922–1925)
HAG-Gastell (1925–1927)
Hanomag (1925–1952)
Hansa (1906–1939)
Hataz (1921–1925)
Hartge (1985–2019)
Hawa (1923–1925)
Heim (1921–1926)
Heinkel (1955–1958)
Henschel (1899–1906)
Hexe (1905–1907)
Hildebrand (1922–1924)
Hoffmann (1954–1955)
Horch (1900–1939)
IFA (1948–1956)
Induhag (1922)
Joswin (1920–1924)
Juho (1922)
Kenter (1923–1925)
Kleinschnittger (1950–1957)
Koco (1921–1926)
Komet (1922–1924)
Komnick (1907–1927)
Kondor (1902–1904)
Körting (1922–1924)
Kroboth (1954–1955)
Kühlstein (1898–1902)
L–O
Leichtauto (1924)
Lindcar (1922–1925)
Lipsia (1922–1924)
Lloyd (1906–1914; 1950–1963)
Loreley (1906–1928)
Lux (1897–1902)
Mada (1947–1949)
MAF (1908–1921)
Maico (1955–1958)
Maja (1923–1924)
Mannesmann (1923–1929)
Mars (1906–1908)
Maurer-Union (1900–1910)
Mauser (1923–1929)
Maybach (1921–1940; 2002–2013)
MCA (1962–1964)
Melkus (1969–1980; 2006–2012)
Mercedes (1901–1926)
Merkur (1985–1989)
Meyra (1948–1956)
Minimus (1921–1924)
Mock (1924)
Mölkamp (1923–1926)
Morgan (1924–1925)
MWD (1911–1912)
Nacke (1901–1913)
NAG (1901–1934)
Neckar (1957–1971)
NSU (1905–1929; 1958–1977)
NSU-Fiat (1929–1957)
Nug (1921–1925)
Omikron (1922–1925)
Orient Express (1895–1903)
Oryx (1907–1922)
P–S
Pawi (1921)
Peter & Moritz AG (1919–1925)
Phänomen (1907–1927)
Piccolo (1904–1912)
Pilot (1923–1925)
Pinguin (1953–1955)
Pluto (1924–1927)
Podeus (1911–1914)
Presto (1901–1927)
Priamus (1901–1923)
Primus (1899–1903)
Protos (1899–1926)
Rabag / Rabag-Bugatti (1922–1926)
Röhr (1927–1935)
Rollfix (1933–1936)
Rumpler (1921–1926)
Sablatnig-Beuchelt (1925–1926)
Sachsenring (1956–1959)
SB / Slaby-Beringer (1920–1924)
Scheibler (1900–1907)
Securus (1906)
Seidel-Arop (1925–1926)
Selve (1919–1929)
S.H.W. (1924–1925)
Simson / Simson Supra (1911–1933)
Smart (1994–2019)
Solidor (1905–1907)
Solomobil (1921–1923)
Sperber (1911–1919)
Sphinx (1920–1925)
Staiger (1923–1924)
Standard Superior (1933–1935)
Staunau (1950–1951)
Steiger (1914–1926)
(1904–1911)
Stoewer (1899–1940)
Stolle (1924–1927)
Szawe (1920–1924)
T–Z
Taunus (1907–1909)
Tempo (1933–1956)
Thurner (1970–1973)
Titan
Tornax (1934–1937)
Tourist (1907–1920)
Trabant (1957–1991)
Trippel (1934–1944)
Turbo (1923–1924)
Utilitas (1920–1921)
Victoria (1900–1909; 1957–1958)
Voran (1926–1928)
Veritas (1947–1953)
Vogtland (1910–1912)
Wanderer (1911–1942)
Wartburg (1898–1904, 1956–1990)
Wendax (1950–1951)
Wenkelmobil (1904–1907)
Wesnigk (1920–1925)
Westfalia (1906–1914)
Windhoff (1908–1914)
Wittekind (1922–1925)
Zender (1985-c.1990)
Zündapp (1956–1958)
Zwickau (1956–1959)
See also
Automotive industry in Germany
Automotive industry
List of automobile marques
List of motorcycle manufacturers
List of truck manufacturers
References
Sources
Georgano, Nick (Ed.). The Beaulieu Encyclopedia of the Automobile. Chicago: Fitzroy Dearborn, 2000.
Mazur, Eligiusz (Ed.). World of Cars 2006 / 2007: Worldwide Car Catalogue. Warsaw: Media Connection, 2006. ISSN 1734-2945
Germany
Automobile manufacturers
Clarence High School may refer to:
Clarence High School (Bellerive, Tasmania), Australia
Clarence High School (India)
Clarence High School (Clarence, New York), United States
Bakırlı is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
"Why Do I Always Get it Wrong?", written and composed by Brian Hodgson and John Beeby, was the 's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1989, performed by the sextet Live Report, led by Ray Caruana.
Composition
For the second year in a row, the UK entered a ballad at the Eurovision final. This song revolved around a man who took off running "where [his lover] won't find [him]", as they cause them to hurt, and leaving their presence for good is the only way to stop the pain. Crying out against their illogical love for the person who has treated them so badly, Caruana asks, "why do I always get it wrong?".
Selection process
Live Report won the right to perform at the contest, held in Lausanne, by winning the UK national final, A Song for Europe, where they were the sixth act to perform. For the second of four consecutive years, Live Report was picked via a nationwide telephone vote, receiving more than twice as many votes as the second-place finisher.
At Eurovision
At Lausanne, the song was performed seventh on the night, after 's Ingeborg Sergeant with "Door de wind", and before 's Britt Synnøve with "Venners nærhet". At the end of judging that evening, "Why Do I Always Get it Wrong?" took the second-place slot with 130 points. Norway, , , and all gave their 12-point designations to the UK that evening. Despite losing the contest by seven points to 's Riva with "Rock Me," the UK actually received the most sets of 12 point designations for the evening (Yugoslavia received the 12 points from four countries).
Charts
After Eurovision, the song placed at No. 73 on the UK Singles Chart, the lowest chart placing for a British runner-up Eurovision entry.
References
External links
Lyrics from Diggiloo Thrush
Eurovision songs of the United Kingdom
Eurovision songs of 1989
1989 in the United Kingdom
1989 singles
Pop ballads
1989 songs
Sanguinho Novo... Arnaldo Baptista Revisitado (Portuguese for New Little Blood... Arnaldo Baptista Revisited) is a tribute album by various artists and bands to Brazilian musician Arnaldo Baptista, famous for their work with influential psychedelic rock band Os Mutantes. It was released in 1989 by Eldorado.
The album's cover was provided by Alain Voss, who previously worked with Os Mutantes designing the cover of their 1972 album Mutantes e Seus Cometas no País do Baurets.
Track listing
Outtakes
Due to time constraints, a cover of "Cyborg" by Black Future was not included in the vinyl version, but appeared as a bonus track in the cassette edition.
References
External links
Sanguinho Novo... at Discogs
Sanguinho Novo... at Rate Your Music
1989 compilation albums
Tribute albums
Compilation albums by Brazilian artists
Cataño may refer to:
Places
Cataño, Puerto Rico, a municipality
Cataño, Humacao, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Cataño barrio-pueblo, a barrio
Juan Antonio Nuño Montes (27 March 1927 - 5 May 1995) was a philosopher, writer and university professor.
After leaving Spain in 1947, Nuño settled in Venezuela where they studied philosophy at the Central University of Venezuela. In 1951 they studied at the University of Cambridge and the University of Paris. In 1962 they finished their doctoral degree under Juan David García Bacca at the Central University of Venezuela and spent a year in Switzerland studying with Józef Maria Bocheński. They were the chair of the Instituto de Filosofía de la UCV from 1975 to 1979. In 1976 they became a member of the International Institute of Philosophy of Unesco (París). They taught at the Universidad Complutense, University of Barcelona, University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras Campus, San Marcos University and the UNAM, where they founded the journal Crítica of the Instituto de investigaciones Filosóficas.
Works
La filosofía en Borges (México: FCE, 1986)
El pensamiento de Platón (México, FCE 2007)
Los mitos filosóficos (México: Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1985)
Sionismo, marxismo, antisemitismo : la cuestión judía revisitada (Caracas: Monte Ávila, 1987)
La veneración de las astucias (Caracas: Monte Ávila, 1989)
La escuela de la sospecha: Nuevos ensayos polémicos (Caracas: Monte Avila, 1990)
Fin de siglo (México: Fondo de Cultura Económica, 1991)
Escuchar con los ojos (Caracas: Monte Avila, 1993)
Ética y. cibernética: ensayos filosóficos (Caracas: Monte Ávila Latinoamericana, 1994)
External links
Nuño's Essays
Biography at Venezuela Tuya
1927 births
1995 deaths
Central University of Venezuela faculty
Central University of Venezuela alumni
Venezuelan male writers
Spanish emigrants to Venezuela
Venezuelan philosophers
20th-century Spanish philosophers
Death in Caracas
Yves Rüedi (; born 30 September 1976) is a Judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland.
Professional career
Rüedi earned a Master of Laws degree in 2002 and a Doctor of Law degree in 2009 from the University of St. Gallen. From 2002 until 2012, Rüedi worked in private legal practice with Pestalozzi Attorneys at Law in Zurich. In 2006 they were elected President of the High Court of the Canton of Glarus by the Landsgemeinde. In 2013 the Federal Assembly appointed them as a judge to the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland. Rüedi was the youngest judge elected to the Federal Supreme Court in recent history. The Judicial Committee of the Federal Assembly accredited them with an impressive academic career.
Private life
Rüedi is passionate about sports in general and regularly works out. In 2001 they qualified for the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii. They repeated this exploit in 2017. Their performance positioned them in the top 1% of their age group earning them 2018 Ironman Gold All World Athlete status.
References
External links
Yves Rüedi on the official website of the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland
21st-century Swiss judges
1976 births
Living people
University of St. Gallen alumni
Gallatin County, is a county located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Warsaw. The county was founded in 1798 and named for Albert Gallatin, the Secretary of the Treasury under President Thomas Jefferson. Gallatin County is included in the Cincinnati-Middletown, OH-KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located along the Ohio River across from Indiana.
History
The county was formed on December 14, 1798. Gallatin was the 31st Kentucky county to be established. It was derived from parts of Franklin and Shelby counties. Later, parts of the county were pared off to create three additional counties: Owen in 1819, Trimble in 1836, and Carroll in 1838. Today Gallatin is one tenth of its original size. Its northern border is the Ohio River.
The population of Gallatin County in 1800 was 1,291, according to the Second Census of Kentucky, composed of 960 whites, 329 slaves, and 2 "freemen of color".
During the Civil War, several skirmishes occurred in the county and the Union Army arrested a number of men for treason for supporting the Confederates.
The 1866 Gallatin County Race Riot happened just after the Civil War, when bands of lawless Ku Klux Klansmen terrorized parts of the Bluegrass State. "A band of five hundred whites in Gallatin County... forced hundreds of blacks to flee across the Ohio River."
On December 4, 1868, two passenger steamers, the America and the United States, collided on the Ohio River near Warsaw. The United States carried a cargo of barrels of kerosene, which caught fire. The flames soon spread to the America, and many passengers perished by burning or drowning. The combined death toll was 162, making it one of the most deadly steamboat accidents in American history.
The Lynchings of the Frenches of Warsaw were conducted by a white mob on May 3, 1876. It was unusual as Benjamin and Mollie French were killed for the murder of Lake Jones, another, older African-American man. They were hanged by local masked KKK members.
As the 20th century progressed, commercial river trade began to decline, and the steamboat era ended, as faster means of transportation became available. Rail lines expanded, automobiles and trucks became reliable, and aircraft soon arrived on the scene. In the postwar period after World War II, numerous major highways were constructed, leading to greater auto travel and commuting. Gallatin County is traversed by I-71, U.S. 42, and U.S. 127. By the 1980s, more than 50 percent of the population was employed outside the county.
Construction on the Markland Locks and Dam began in 1956 and was completed in 1964. In 1967 a hydroelectric power plant was built at the dam, which provided jobs.
Marco Allen Chapman was executed in 2008 for multiple murders they committed on August 23, 2002, in Warsaw, Kentucky. They murdered two children, Chelbi Sharon, 7, and Cody Sharon, 6, by slitting their throats. They raped and stabbed their mother, Carolyn Marksberry, more than 15 times. A third child, daughter 10-year-old Courtney Sharon, played dead after being stabbed and then escaped. Thirty-seven-year-old Chapman was executed on November 21, 2008, by lethal injection at the Kentucky State Penitentiary in Eddyville, Kentucky. They were the last person executed by the Commonwealth.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.3%) is water. It is the second smallest county by area in Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Switzerland County, Indiana (north)
Boone County (northeast)
Grant County (southeast)
Owen County (south)
Carroll County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 8,589 people living in the county. 94.7% were White, 1.3% Black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% Native American, 1.6% of some other race and 2.0% of two or more races. 4.3% were Hispanic or Latino (of any race). 22.6% were of German, 21.4% American, 13.8% Irish and 6.5% English ancestry.
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,870 people, 2,902 households, and 2,135 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,362 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.72% White, 1.59% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.25% from other races, and 1.04% from two or more races. 1.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,902 households, out of which 37.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.00% were married couples living together, 10.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.40% were non-families. 22.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.11.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.60% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 31.00% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 10.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 98.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,422, and the median income for a family was $41,136. Males had a median income of $32,081 versus $21,803 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,416. About 11.60% of families and 13.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.60% of those under age 18 and 16.40% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Gallatin County used to be Democratic. In 1984, it was tied between Walter Mondale and Ronald Reagan, even as Reagan won Kentucky in a landslide (see blue tab below). However, more recently it has turned more Republican, giving 73% of the vote to Donald Trump (even as Trump lost the popular vote nationally) in 2016 (see blue tab below).
Communities
Glencoe
Sparta
Warsaw (county seat)
Infrastructure
Transportation
Interstate 71 runs through Gallatin County, with three exits around Sparta and Glencoe. Public transportation is provided by Senior Services of Northern Kentucky with demand-response service.
Notable residents
Samuel Brenton (November 22, 1810 – March 29, 1857) a US Representative from Indiana; born in Gallatin County, Kentucky.
John Taylor (Baptist preacher), a notable pioneer preacher and church historian, who became part of the frontier planter elite, holding 20 slaves and in the county by the early 19th century.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gallatin County, Kentucky
References
External links
Northern Kentucky Views
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
Dawn Michele Allinger (born September 3, 1968) is an American former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics. They later became a broadcaster for NBC Sports.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American female handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Phyllonorycter rileyella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Illinois, Missouri, Texas, Florida, Maine and Ohio in the United States.
The wingspan is 6–8 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus imbricaria, Quercus obtusifolia, Quercus rubra and Quercus stellata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a blotch mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
rileyella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1875
Susanna Lee Hoffs (born January 17, 1959) is an American singer and guitarist, best known as a co-founder of the pop-rock band the Bangles.
Hoffs founded the Bangles (originally called the Bangs) in 1981 with Debbi and Vicki Peterson. They released their first full length album All Over the Place on Columbia Records in 1984. Hoffs started a solo career after the Bangles disbanded in 1989. They released their first solo album, When You're a Boy, in 1991. They later formed the faux British 1960s band Ming Tea with Mike Myers and Matthew Sweet. Hoffs has also appeared in a supporting role in several movies.
Early life
Hoffs was born in Los Angeles, California, to a Jewish family.  They are the daughter of film director/writer/producer Tamar Ruth (née Simon) and Joshua Allen Hoffs, a psychoanalyst. Them mother played Beatles music for Hoffs when they were a child, and they began playing the guitar in their teens. Hoffs attended Palisades High School in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, graduating in 1976. While in college, they worked as a production assistant and made their acting debut in the 1978 film Stony Island.
In 1980, Hoffs graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, with a bachelor's degree in art. When they entered college, they were a fan of classic rock bands that played in large stadiums, and while a student, they attended the final Sex Pistols show at Winterland Ballroom and a Patti Smith concert. Exposure to punk rock changed their career goal from a dancer to musician in a band.
Career
The Bangs
Inspired by The Ramones and other punk bands, Hoffs founded the Bangs with Debbi and Vicki Peterson. After recording their first album, the night before it was pressed they learned of a legal claim by an East Coast boy band, called "The Bangs", requiring a sudden change of name, so the "Bangs" morphed into the "Bangles".
The Bangles
The Bangles' first recorded release was a self-titled EP in 1982 on the Faulty Products Label (which lived up to its name by folding during the first promotional tour). The Bangles released their first full album All Over the Place in 1984 on Columbia Records. They had a moderate hit with the single "Hero Takes a Fall", but their commercial breakthrough came with the album Different Light in 1986, which produced the hit singles "Manic Monday" (which Prince had written and passed along to the Bangles), "If They Knew What They Want", and "Walk Like an Egyptian".
In 1986, Hoffs co-wrote "I Need a Disguise" for the album Belinda for Belinda Carlisle, from the all-girl group The Go-Go's. With increasing fame, Hoffs also appeared on the covers of numerous magazines, and the Rickenbacker guitar company issued a Susanna Hoffs model of the 350, which they customized herself.
In 1987, Hoffs starred in the film The Allnighter, which was directed by their mother Tamar Simon Hoffs, and also featured Joan Cusack and Pam Grier. The film was critically panned and failed at the box office. Hoffs later said: "It wasn't a great movie but the whole experience of it was great."
In 1988, the Bangles released their third album, Everything. The first single, co-written by Hoffs, "In Your Room" became a top 10 hit. Everything also produced their biggest-selling single "Eternal Flame", which was also co-written and sung by Hoffs.
In the BBC programme I'm in a Girl Group, Hoffs revealed they actually sang the studio recording of "Eternal Flame" completely naked due to producer Davitt Sigerson pranking them by telling them Olivia Newton-John had done the same thing. They later told Hoffs they had been lying.
In 1989, the Bangles formally disbanded. In the late 1990s, however, Hoffs contacted the other members of the Bangles with the hope of reuniting. They recorded the single "Get the Girl" for the second Austin Powers movie in 1999. Subsequently, they announced their decision to reunite full-time in 2000. Their fourth album, Doll Revolution, was released in 2003, and their fifth album, Sweetheart of the Sun, was released in 2011.
Solo career
Hoffs released a solo album, When You're a Boy, in 1991, which spawned a U.S Top 40 hit with "My Side of the Bed". In the UK the single landed at No. 44, for only 4 weeks on chart, and the album also landed decently in Europe.
Hoffs recorded another album in 1993–94, prior to leaving Columbia Records, but it went unreleased. In 1996, Hoffs released their second solo album, Susanna Hoffs. Although it received much praise in the media and yielded a minor US hit and a UK hit at No. 33 for 2 weeks with a cover of the Lightning Seeds single "All I Want", it was not a commercial success.
Hoffs recorded a cover of "The Look of Love" for the soundtrack of the first Austin Powers movie Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery and a cover of the song "Alfie" for the soundtrack of the third Austin Powers in Goldmember. They recorded a cover of the Oingo Boingo song "We Close Our Eyes" for the Buffy The Vampire Slayer soundtrack.  They are also responsible for the song "Now and Then", from the 1995 film of the same name.
Hoffs also contributed a song to the film Red Roses and Petrol (written and directed by Tamar Simon Hoffs) titled "The Water Is Wide".
Hoffs self-released their third solo album of new material (the first since their 1996's self-titled album) called Someday via Vanguard Records on July 17, 2012. The set was produced by Mitchell Froom and is influenced by the music of the 1960s. American Songwriter gave Someday a rating of 4.5 out of 5 stars and described it as "easily and undeniably Hoffs' most definitive musical statement to date".
Hoffs donated their vocal talent to the end credits song from the film, A Dog Named Gucci, in the song "One Voice", which also features the talents of Norah Jones, Aimee Mann, Lydia Loveless, Neko Case, Brian May and Kathryn Calder. It was produced by Dean Falcone, who also wrote the film's score. "One Voice" was released on Record Store Day, April 16, 2016, with profits from the sale of the single going to benefit animal charities.
Ming Tea
Mike Myers, singer-songwriter Matthew Sweet, and Hoffs formed the faux British 1960s band Ming Tea after Myers' Saturday Night Live stint in the early 1990s. They all adopted pseudonyms for the band, with Hoffs using the name Gillian Shagwell and Myers creating Austin Powers. The trio made a number of club and TV performances and had a minor hit with the song "BBC". Myers's then-wife Robin Ruzan encouraged them to write a film based on the character. The result was Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery, directed by Hoffs' husband Jay Roach. Ming Tea performed in all three Austin Powers films.
With Matthew Sweet
In 2006, Hoffs teamed up with fellow Ming Tea member Matthew Sweet to record fifteen cover versions of classic rock songs from the 1960s and 1970s for an album titled Under the Covers, Vol. 1. The album was released in April 2006. On July 18, they appeared on Late Night with Conan O'Brien to promote the album and tour. The duo released another album Under the Covers, Vol. 2 on July 21, 2009, which included covers of songs by Fleetwood Mac, Carly Simon, Rod Stewart and others. In 2012 Under the Covers, Vol. 3 was released.
In 2013, Hoffs collaborated with Sweet and Tim Robbins for a cover of the traditional "Marianne" for the Sea shanty-compilation Son of Rogues Gallery: Pirate Ballads, Sea Songs & Chanteys.
Personal life
Hoffs has been married to filmmaker Jay Roach since 1993. They have two sons. Roach converted to Judaism upon marrying them
Hoffs is a vegetarian.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Filmography and appearances
References
External links
The Bangles official website
Living people
20th-century American actores
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American women guitarists
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American actores
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Actresses from California
American acoustic guitarists
American Jews
American women pop singers
American women rock singers
American women singer-songwriters
American rock guitarists
American rock songwriters
American film actores
American television actores
Film producers from California
Jewish American actores
Jewish American musicians
Jewish rock musicians
Jewish women singers
Rhythm guitarists
Guitarists from Los Angeles
Singers from Los Angeles
University of California, Berkeley alumni
The Bangles members
Rainy Day (band) members
Singer-songwriters from California
1959 births
Ming Tea members
Perfume, Ribbons & Pearls is the second album by the American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released through Warner Bros. Records Nashville in 1986.
Content
Only one single was released from the album: "Lonely Alone", which charted at number 2 on Billboard Hot Country Songs in 1986.
Critical reception
Cliff Radel of The Cincinnati Enquirer rated the album 2 out of 5 stars, calling the singing "clear as the sky on a crisp fall day" but criticizing the "poverty stricken songs". Montreal Gazette writer Lucinda Chodan contrasted the quartet's sound with that of The Judds, stating that "those celestial voices are harmonizing in the service of songs that, for the most part, are about as individual as pennies in a jar." They thought that "100% Chance of Blue" and the cover of The Supremes' "Back in My Arms Again" were the most distinct songs, but still criticized the production.
Track listing
"100% Chance of Blue" (Walt Aldridge, Tom Brasfield) - 3:51
"Heartache Headed My Way" (Bob Morrison, Barbara Morrison) - 2:53
"Back in My Arms Again" (Holland-Dozier-Holland) - 3:03
"Somebody's Breakin' a Heart" (J. L. Wallace, Terry Skinner) - 3:22
"That's Easy for You to Say" (Paul Harrison, Bob McDill) - 3:42
"Blame It on the Moon" (Wallace, Skinner) - 2:50
"Lonely Alone" (J.D. Martin, John Jarrard) - 3:29
"Heartless Night" (Michael Bonagura, Craig Bickhardt) - 3:38
"You Were the One" (Randy Albright) - 2:29
"Drawn to the Fire" (Pam Tillis, Stan Webb) - 2:40
Personnel
The Forester Sisters
Christy Forester - vocals
June Forester - vocals
Kathy Forester - vocals
Kim Forester - vocals
Additional Musicians
Ray Flacke - electric guitar
Sonny Garrish - steel guitar
Owen Hale - drums
Hoot Hester - fiddle
Lonnie "Butch" Ledford - bass guitar
Will McFarlane - acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Steve Nathan - keyboards
J. L. Wallace - electric guitar
John Willis - acoustic guitar
Strings performed by the Birmingham Strings, arranged & conducted by J. L. Wallace
Chart performance
References
1986 albums
The Forester Sisters albums
Warner Records albums
Haitam Abaida El Achhab (born 1 June 2002) is a footballer who plays for Spanish club Málaga CF. Mainly a left winger, they can also play as a right back. Born in Spain, they represented Morocco at youth international level.
Club career
Born in Polinyà, Barcelona, Catalonia to Moroccan parents, Abaida joined FC Barcelona's La Masia in 2012, from Fundació Calella. In August 2017, after being out of action due to a FIFA ban on Barça, they joined Málaga CF.
On 6 January 2021, before even having appeared for the reserves, Abaida made their first team debut by coming on as a late substitute for fellow youth graduate David Larrubia in a 1–0 home win against Real Oviedo, for the season's Copa del Rey.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
People from Vallès Occidental
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Moroccan footballers
Morocco youth international footballers
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Spanish sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Association football wingers
Tercera División players
Atlético Malagueño players
Málaga CF players
Sclerodoris japonica is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Distribution
This species was described from Japan.
References
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1913
Jeanjaquet Castle is a castle in the municipality of Cressier of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
The 2015 Swiss Open Gstaad presented by Visilab was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 48th edition of the Swiss Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 Series of the 2015 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Roy Emerson Arena in Gstaad, Switzerland, from 27 July through 2 August 2015. Third-seeded Dominic Thiem won the singles title.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Marco Chiudinelli
Henri Laaksonen
Andrey Rublev
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Calvin Hemery
Julian Reister
Maxime Teixeira
Horacio Zeballos
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Stan Wawrinka →replaced by Kimmer Coppejans
Retirements
Blaž Kavčič
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Adrien Bossel / Marco Chiudinelli
Henri Laaksonen / Luca Margaroli
Finals
Singles
Dominic Thiem defeated David Goffin, 7–5, 6–2
Doubles
Aliaksandr Bury / Denis Istomin defeated Oliver Marach / Aisam-ul-Haq Qureshi, 3–6, 6–2, [10–5]
External links
Swiss Open Gstaad
Swiss Open (tennis)
2015 in Swiss tennis
Ivchenko-Progress ZMKB (, Zaporizhzhia Machine-Building Design Bureau "Progress" State Enterprise named after Academician O.H.Ivchenko), formerly OKB-478 and Ivchenko Lotarev, is a state design bureau that creates drafts and plans for aircraft engines in Zaporizhzhia, Ukraine whose products are widely used in both civil and military aircraft, most notably by Antonov, Beriev, Ilyushin, Tupolev, Mil and Yakovlev. The design bureau works closely with Motor Sich, the turbine manufacturer located in Zaporizhzhia which produces those engines.
Polish manufacturer PZL-Mielec used the Progress ZMKB AI-25TL engine in the PZL M15 cropduster. Both the largest plane in the world, the Antonov An-225 Mriya and the largest helicopter, the Mil Mi-26, are powered by Progress/Lotarev engines.
The bureau is administered by the Ukrainian Defense Industry and the Ministry of Industrial Policy.
History
The Company has been involved for 60 years in the design of engines to power aircraft and helicopters of various types, and also designs drives and special equipment for industrial applications.
Three notable designers have led the development during this time:
1945–1968: Oleksandr Heorhiiovych Ivchenko () (Aleksandr Georgevich Ivchenko)
1968–1989: Volodymyr Oleksiyovych Lotaryev () (Vladimir Aleksevich Lotarev)
1989-2010: Fedir Mykhailovych Muravchenko ()
2010-: Ihor Fedorovych Kravchenko ()
Initially General Oleksandr Ivchenko designed piston engines. These engines were denoted AI. Work on their first turbine engine, the TS-12, began in 1953. Since the beginning of the 1960s the company have been developing bypass gas turbine engines. Under the direction of Volodymyr Lotarev, the organization developed the first operational Soviet high-bypass turbofans, the Lotarev D-36 in 1971.
This organization is now known as Ivchenko-Progress ZMKB and is based in Ukraine. Their engines are being operated successfully by numerous airlines around the world, including Volga-Dnepr, Antonov Airlines, Enimex, and Polet.
In January 2015, Diamond Aircraft of Austria announced the first flight of the Diamond DA50-JP7 powered by a 465 hp AI-450S turboprop engine developed by Ukraine's Motor Sich JSC and Ivchenko-Progress.
Turkish strategic drone Akinci is powered by these engines and flies up to 40,000 feet.
Production
True to the Soviet tradition, design is kept separate from production. Many of the bureau's designs were or are produced at Motor Sich, located at Zaporizhzhia International Airport.
Related real estates
Zaporizhzhia Oblast
Sanatorium "Slavutych" in Andriivka (Mykhailivka rural municipality, Vilnyansk Raion)
Beach resort "Perl" near Prymorsk
Products
Turbofans
Ivchenko AI-25
Lotarev DV-2
Progress AI-22
Progress AI-222
MS-400
High-bypass turbofans
Lotarev / Progress D-18T
Lotarev D-36
Progress D-436
Propfans
Progress D-27
Progress D-236
Turboprops
Ivchenko AI-20
Ivchenko AI-24
Ivchenko-Progress Motor Sich AI-450S / S2
MS-14
MS-500
Turboshafts
Lotarev D-136 / Ivchenko AI-136
MS-500V
Turbojets
Ivchenko AI-7
Reciprocating engines
Ivchenko AI-4
Ivchenko AI-10
Ivchenko AI-14
Ivchenko AI-26
See also
Motor Sich
Zorya-Mashproekt, another engine design bureau in Mykolaiv
References
External links
Ivchenko-Progress homepage
https://web.archive.org/web/20101206002205/http://www.zmkb.com/
http://www.janes.com/articles/Janes-Aircraft-Component-Manufacturers/Ivchenko-Progress-ZMKB-Ukraine.html Ivchenko Progress ZMKB at janes.com
Companies based in Zaporizhzhia
Defence companies of Ukraine
Ukroboronprom
Gas turbine manufacturers
Science and technology in Zaporizhzhia
Industrial design firms
Design companies of Ukraine
Design bureaus
Aircraft engine manufacturers of Ukraine
Ukrainian brands
The Hindu Gymkhana (Sindhi:هندو جمخانه; ) is a colonial-era building located on Sarwar Shaheed Road in Karachi, Pakistan. It was the first public building in Karachi to adopt the Mughal-Revival architectural style. It was established in 1925 by the Karachi's Hindus as an exclusive club for their community. The building houses the National Academy of Performing Arts.
History
The Hindu Gymkhana was established by the Seth Ramgopal Gourdhanandh Mohatta and the Hindu community in 1925 on a plot of 47,000 square yards. It was designed by Agha Ahmed Hussain. It was named Seth Ramgopal Goverdhandas Mohatta Hindu Gymkhana at that time.
After the Independence, the Hindu Gymkhana was taken over by the Evacuee Trust Property Board. In 1978, about 60 per cent the land of Hindu Gymkhana was given to the Police Department and another 6000 square yards were given to the Federal Public Service Commission. Later, 3500 square yards were given to the Ali Garh Muslim University and another 400 square yards was allotted to Abdul Majeed Khan received almost of land as an allotment. Currently it has only 4,500 square yards of land compared to 47,000 square yards in 1925.
The building's condition deteriorated over the years, and it was almost demolished in 1984. It was protected by the intervention of the Heritage Foundation of Pakistan. In 2005, the Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf handed the building over to National Academy of Performing Arts The Hindu Gymkhana now houses Pakistan's National Academy of Performing Arts (NAPA) and is run by its chief Zia Mohyeddin – a prominent stage and Pakistani television personality.
Architecture
The building was designed by architect Agha Ahmed Hussain, with a design based on the tomb of Itamad-ud-Daulah (1628) in Agra.
The building is small in size (on a plot of land measuring 47,000 square yards) and consists primarily of a hall and some smaller rooms used for administrative purposes. Stone for the walls was acquired in Bijapur. The roofline is defined by delicate massing of cupolas and balustrades directly influenced by Akbar's Fatehpur Sikri. The octagonal corner towers framing the projecting central jharoka are capped with chattris, highlighting the influence of Rajasthani Style of Palaces. Smaller chattris highlight the corners of the projecting porch that carry the drooping bangladar roof used in Emperor Akbar's period.
The projecting chajjas are supported by ornamental brackets. The cupolas of the chattris are reinforced concrete and the walls are dressed in Gizri stone. Some of the carved elements are of Jodhpur stone.
Protected Sindh Cultural Heritage building
This historic building is widely considered to be an architectural gem in Karachi and is protected under the Sindh Cultural Heritage Protection Act. Therefore, nobody is allowed to carry out new construction, repairs, renovations in this building without the approval of Karachi Building Control Authority and the Government of Sindh.
Surprisingly a historical building like this had deteriorated due to lack of maintenance in the recent past and was going to be demolished in 1984 but the Heritage Foundation Pakistan back then intervened to save it.
Relocation of NAPA ordered
In December 2018, The Supreme Court of Pakistan had directed the Sindh government to shift NAPA
to another location from this Hindu Gymkhana building but, as of 11 February 2020, compliance to this directive could not be made and NAPA was still functioning there.
Movements by Hindu community to get back Hindu Gymkhana
The Hindu Gymkhana belonged to Hindus before Independence. The Hindu community of Karachi have no place in Karachi to celebrate religious festivals. In 1960, the first movement to handover Hindu Gymkhana back to the Hindu community was launched by activists Bhagwandas Chawla, Khubchand Bhatia and Seth T Motandas. However, the movement was ended due to the 1965 war. It was launched again but was ended due to the 1971 war. In 1980, the movement was launched again by Ramesh Mana co-chairperson of Pak-Hindu Welfare Association when the Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq government decided to sell the property. Later another movement was launched by P.K. Shahani, Hindu activist which compelled the parliamentarians to raise this issue in the Pakistan National Assembly and the Hindu Gymkhana was added on the list of heritage sites under the Sindh Heritage Act. But later the Pervez Musharraf's government took over the Hindu Gymkhana and gave it to the National institute of performing arts(NAPA).
In 2009, the Pakistan People's Party protested when the president Pervez Musharraf handed over the Hindu Gymkhana to the NAPA. In 2009, the Sassui Palijo, Sindh's Culture Minister said that
the Pervez Musharraf hearing their relatives' advice forcefully vacated the Hindu Gymkhana and handes it over to Napa. They added that the Hindu Gymkhana will be reserved for activities of the Hindu community.
In 2014, the Pakistan Hindu Panchayat sent a letter to the Pakistan Chief Justice on the Hindu Gymkhana issue. In 2014, the Shree Ratheshawar Maha Dev Welfare approached the court for giving back the Hindu Gymkhana back to the Hindus.
See also
Karachi Gymkhana
National Academy of Performing Arts (NAPA)
References
External links
Location Hindu Gymkhana - Wikimapia
Nuha Ansari. 1997. Karachi: Edge of Empire. Karachi: Ferozsons (Pvt) Ltd.,71.
Yasmeen Lari and Mihail S. Lari. 1996. The Dual City: Karachi During the Raj. Karachi: Oxford University Press, 328-9.
1925 establishments in British India
Buildings and structures in Karachi
Heritage sites in Karachi
Mughal architecture
Hinduism in Karachi
Gentlemen's clubs in Pakistan
Erigeron gracilis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name quill fleabane.
Erigeron gracilis is native to the Rocky Mountains of the United States, in the states of Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming. Some of the known populations lie inside Yellowstone National Park.
Erigeron gracilis is a perennial herb up to 20 cm (20 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. The plant generally produces only one flower heads per stem. Each head contains as many as 10 blue or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
gracilis
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Plants described in 1900
Mulungu Airport is an airport serving the town of Mulungu in Sud-Kivu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
See also
Transport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
List of airports in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
External links
FallingRain - Mulungu Airport
HERE Maps - Mulungu
OpenStreetMaps - Mulungu
OurAirports - Mulungu
Airports in South Kivu
Peter Nicholas Kazembe (August 28, 1954 – August 11, 2020) was a Malawian pediatrician, well known internationally for their work in pediatric antiretroviral therapy and treatment of malaria. They were one of the first two pediatricians in the country and was often considered the "grandfather of pediatrics" in Malawi.  They are credited with publishing over 250 journal articles in their field. They were the Director of the Baylor International Pediatric Program and an associate professor at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Prior to this, they played a role in pioneering Malawi's pediatric HIV/AIDS care treatment guidelines, and was also the Director of Malawi's first HIV clinic and Chief of Pediatrics at Kamuzu Central Hospital.
Biography
Kazembe was born in Malawi. They received their degree in medicine from the University of Manchester in the United Kingdom. Kazembe received their medical degree in pediatrics from the University of Toronto.
They later became the Director, Baylor International Pediatric Program in Lilongwe, Malawi and was an associate professor with Baylor College. They were the founding member of the Baylor College of Medicine International Pediatric AIDS initiative. They were also an associate professor with the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's Institute for Global Health and Infectious Disease. They also served as an editor for the International Journal of Tuberculosis and Lung Disease. They were a member of the American Board of Internal Medicine, Internal Medicine and American Board of Internal Medicine, Infectious Diseases. They were married to spouse Hilda and had three children, Tiyanjana, Mwayi and Chesiyao.
Awards
2020 Hillman Olness Award for Global Health, American Academy of Pediatrics
Selected bibliography
John R. Dyer, Peter Kazembe, Pietro L. Vernazza, Bruce L. Gilliam, Martin Maida, Dick Zimba, Irving F. Hoffman, Rachel A. Royce, Jody L. Schock, Susan A. Fiscus, Myron S. Cohen, Joseph J. Eron, Jr., High Levels of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 in Blood and Semen of Seropositive Men in Sub-Saharan Africa, The Journal of Infectious Diseases, Volume 177, Issue 6, June 1998, Pages 1742–1746, High Levels of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 in Blood and Semen of Seropositive Men in Sub-Saharan Africa
Scott J. Filler, Peter Kazembe, Michael Thigpen, Alan Macheso, Monica E. Parise, Randomized Trial of 2-Dose versus Monthly Sulfadoxine-Pyrimethamine Intermittent Preventive Treatment for Malaria in HIV-Positive and HIV-Negative Pregnant Women in Malawi" The Journal of Infectious Diseases, Volume 194, Issue 3, 1 August 2006, Pages 286–293,
References
1954 births
2020 deaths
Alumni of the University of Manchester
University of Toronto alumni
Malawian pediatricians
Francisca Valenzuela (; born March 17, 1987 in San Francisco, California) is an American-born Chilean singer, poet, and multi-instrumentalist. Valenzuela was born and raised in San Francisco, California, where they resided until the age of 12, before moving to Santiago, Chile. They gained popularity in Chile and Latin America following the release of their debut album, Muérdete La Lengua, in June 2007. Them second album, Buen Soldado, followed in March 2011. Valenzuela has earned both gold and platinum album certification in Chile.
Early life
Francisca Valenzuela was born in San Francisco, California to Chilean-born scientists, Pablo Valenzuela Valdés and Bernardita Méndez Velasco.  They are the fourth oldest and only daughter of five children. Valenzuela attended Park Day School in nearby Oakland, California. At a very early age, Valenzuela demonstrated an interest in music and began taking music lessons at the age of 7. By age ten, they were playing acoustic guitar and continued studying classical piano. During summer vacations and Christmases, they and their brothers would travel to Santiago, where they would visit relatives. Eventually, the family would make the permanent move to Santiago, when they were 12. Valenzuela attended Saint George's College, an elite private school in the Vitacura neighborhood of Santiago.
After submitting poetry of their own composition to various literary magazines and taking summer poetry courses, Valenzuela's parents helped them submit more material to a friend, who was also a literary critic at Stanford University. Many of their poems were published in the Latin American literary magazine, El Andar. In 2000, they published their first book,Defenseless Waters, featuring a collection of their poems and illustrations. The book featured a foreword by famed Chilean author Isabel Allende. They released their second book, Abejorros/Madurar, which was distributed in Spain and Latin America in 2001. As part a promotional tour for Defenseless Waters, they brought their guitar and keyboard to venues in northern California, where they gave poetry readings and performed songs of their own composition. Valenzuela is fluent in English and Spanish and often composes in both languages.
Music career
2004–2007: Beginnings and Muérdete la Lengua
Shortly after the release of their first book, Francisca and their family moved to Santiago, Chile when they were 13. While residing in Chile, Francisca took part as singer in school festivals, where they performed their original songs. In 2004, they attended an intensive jazz program at the Berklee College School of Music in Boston. They first began looking for a record deal by sending their demos to major record label offices throughout Chile with no success. They performed English-language songs at bars and clubs in Santiago, but eventually began writing and performing in Spanish. After many unsuccessful attempts at signing with a major label, Valenzuela decided to release their music independently in Chile.
In 2006, Valenzuela unofficially released their first solo single, "Peces", which they wrote at age 13 about a boy they liked who did not reciprocate their feelings. Within a few months after its release, "Peces" gained popularity on Chilean radio. "Peces" was recognized by Rolling Stone magazine in Chile, as one of the best 100 songs of the year 2006. Due to the success of their first unofficial single, Valenzuela began recording their debut album in Santiago. Brothers Mauricio and Francisco Durán of Los Bunkers produced the album. In December 2006, they released their second single, "Dulce", which reached number two on Chile's national charts.
To add more achievements to their short musical career, on May 19, 2007, they were invited by Julieta Venegas to open their concert at Teatro Caupolicán. On June 30, 2007, their debut album, Muérdete La Lengua was released in Chile. The Chilean press quickly dubbed them as The Princess of Rock, calling her,"[a] new musical revelation". Soon after its release, the album was certified as Gold in Chile. Valenzuela performed in New York City at the annual LAMC conference in July 2008. This was Valenzuela's first musical exposure in the US and gave them an opportunity to showcase their music outside of Latin America. To promote their debut album, Valenzuela performed at various venues across Chile, as well as Mexico, Argentina, and other countries throughout Latin America.
2009–2012: Buen Soldado
In early 2009, Valenzuela began the pre-production stages for their second album in Santiago and Berlin. They contributed to the Chilean water conservation documentary H2O:Cero, by composing a new song called "En Blanco" for the film. They have also participated in the album tribute for Violeta Parra, recording a new version of "Run Run Se Fue Pa'l Norte" as well as recording a version of Inti-Illimani's song "Vuelvo".
In 2009, they collaborated with Chilean rapper, Latin Bitman for their album Colour; Valenzuela co-wrote and sang two songs, "Help Me" and "Someday". "Help Me" was later released as a single in the United States and Chile and a music video was also filmed in Los Angeles in November 2009. In August 2010, Valenzuela began recording for their second studio album in Santiago. Production on the album was completed in late 2010. On January 1, 2011, Valenzuela released in digital formats their first single "Quiero Verte Más" from their second studio album called Buen Soldado; the album was released on March 3, 2011 in Chile as a physical and digital release. In addition to embarking on a national tour in Chile, Valenzuela also promoted Buen Soldado internationally at the South by Southwest music festival in Austin, Texas in March 2012. They also performed at Midem in Cannes, France, representing Chile. Valenzuela had previously performed at the festival in 2011.
Valenzuela is a featured artist on Spanish singer-songwriter, Alejandro Sanz's tribute album, Y Si Fueran Ellas. They recorded a cover of Sanz's Lola Soledad for the album. The album features contributions from thirteen female vocalists, including Thalía and Ana Torroja. The album was released worldwide on iTunes on November 19, 2013.
2014: Tajo Abierto
In May 2014, Valenzuela confirmed that their third studio album, Tajo Abierto, would be released in September 2014. The album's first official single, "Prenderemos fuego al cielo", was available for digital download on iTunes on July 15, 2014. Valenzuela wrote most of the album on the piano before learning how to use special computer software to create the final studio version. They began recording their third studio album began recording the album in November 2013 and completed production in May 2014. The majority of the album was recorded in Los Angeles, California, with the exception of one song, "Cuequita del corazón", which Valenzuela recorded in Santiago, Chile at Estudios del Sur. Valenzuela worked on the album with four producers: Jesse Rogg, Vicente Sanfuentes (who co-produced their second album), Dave Sitek, and Áureo Baqueiro. Valenzuela wrote 25 songs for the album and chose 11 for the final track listing.
In 2014, Valenzuela formed their own independent record label, Frantastic Records, with the help of their mother, Vicente Sanfuentes, and a small team in Chile. Tajo Abierto was released worldwide on iTunes on September 9, 2014. To promote the album, they performed in Spain, Mexico, and Chile in September and November 2014. They returned to the US, where they debuted at Lollapalooza in Chicago on August 1, 2014. While in the US, they performed in Los Angeles and Oakland, California. "Armadura" was announced as the album's second single and was released for digital download on December 11, 2014. Tajo Abierto was named one of the best albums of 2014 by iTunes Chile.
In 2014, Valenzuela traveled to the Brazilian cities of Manaus and Rio de Janeiro, as well as the Amazonian Jungle, to write and record a music video for the HBO Latin America tourism documentary, "Encuentros en Brasil". They wrote the song, "Reina tropical de Brasil" ("Tropical Queen of Brazil" in English). The documentary series aired in Latin America and the Caribbean in September 2014. An EP of songs from the documentary was later released on iTunes on July 14, 2014.
In late December 2014, Valenzuela was selected along with 23 other well-known international artists to record the official theme song, "Live It", for at the 24th annual World Men's Handball Championship. A music video for the song was filmed and later premiered on YouTube on December 18, 2014. Valenzuela represents Chile. They and the other artists performed at the opening ceremony in Doha, Qatar on January 15, 2015.
2018–present: La Fortaleza
In 2018, they released the first two singles of their upcoming fourth studio album, "Tómame" and "Ya no se trata de ti", both tracks charted on the Chile Singles Chart, peaking on the positions 15 and 39, respectively. In July 2019, they released "Héroe", the third single of the album, which reach the top 10 on the Chile Singles Chart, making their fifth top 10 on the country. They performed the song at the closing ceremony of the 2019 Pan American Games in Lima, Peru during the handover segment for the next Games in their hometown Santiago.
On January 17, 2020, Valenzuela released their fourth studio album, La Fortaleza. A week before they released the fourth single of the album, "Flotando" which peaked at the number 70 on the Chile Singles Chart.
Fashion career
Valenzuela began modeling for the popular Chilean clothing brand, "Foster" in 2012. In May 2013, they partnered with the company to design a collection. Them collection features black and white pieces inspired by 60s mod and SKA. The collection is available exclusively in Foster stores throughout Chile. On November 6, 2013, Valenzuela revealed that they had designed a second collection for Foster. The Summer 2014 collection features 21 pieces, including accessories like handbags and wallets, designed by Valenzuela.
Personal life
Valenzuela took a summer course in International Relations at University of California, Berkeley. Later, they studied journalism at Universidad Católica in Santiago, Chile. In 2010, due to a busy touring and pre-production schedule for their second album, they put their studies on hold and later dropped out to pursue music full-time. As of January 2016, they are in a relationship with Chilean producer, Vicente Sanfuentes. They reside in Los Angeles, California.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
As featured artist
Other songs
Music videos
"Dulce" (2006)
"Muérdete La Lengua"(2007)
"Afortunada"(2008)
"Muleta"(2008)
"Peces"(2009)
""El Tiempo en Las Bastillas"(2009)
"Help Me (Latin Bitman feat. Francisca Valenzuela) (2009)
"Estrechez de Corazón (as a featured artist) (2011)
"Quiero Verte Más" (2011)
"Que Sería" (2011)
"En Mi Memoria" (2011)
"Esta Soy Yo" (2011)
"Mucho Corazón" (Sussie 4 feat. Francisca Valenzuela) (2012)
"Buen Soldado (2012)
"Reina tropical de Brasil" (2014)
""Prenderemos fuego al cielo" (2014)
"Live It" (as a featured artist) (2014)
"Armadura" (2015)
"Insulto" (2015)
"Almost Superstars" (2015)
"Catedral" (2016)
"Estremecer" (2016)
"Tómame" (2018)
"Ya No Se Trata De Ti" (2018)
"Héroe" (2019)
"Flotando" (2020)
References
External links
Official music website
Official MySpace
Official Blog
1987 births
Living people
21st-century Chilean women singers
Chilean pianists
Chilean pop singers
Chilean guitarists
Chilean women poets
Chilean singer-songwriters
Rock en Español musicians
20th-century Chilean poets
21st-century Chilean poets
American emigrants to Chile
Naturalized citizens of Chile
Feminist musicians
Women in Latin music
PharmacoEconomics is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Adis International (Springer Nature) that covers the fields of health economics, pharmacoeconomics, and quality-of-life assessment.
Abstracting and indexing
PharmacoEconomics is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 4.981.
References
External links
Pharmacology journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1992
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Monthly journals
Maling is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1745 people living in 337 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Sally Jane Brampton (15 July 1955 – 10 May 2016) was an English journalist, writer, and magazine editor. They were the founding editor of the British edition of the French magazine Elle in 1985.
Early life
They were born in Brunei, on the island of Borneo, the daughter of Pamela and Roy Brampton; their father was a manager for oil firm Shell. Brampton was the middle child with an elder and younger brother. Them father's job meant that the family's existence was nomadic with periods living in many countries. In all they attended twelve schools, among which were a school in Rio de Janeiro, Ashford School in Kent, where they boarded, and St Clare's Hall School in Oxford. After leaving school, they studied fashion at Saint Martin's School of Art.
After winning a competition, Brampton joined Vogue in 1978, and then became the fashion editor of The Observer in 1981.
Launch editor of British Elle
Brampton was appointed the first editor of the British edition of the French magazine Elle which published its first issue in November 1985. "There was a whole new generation [of women] fumbling its way towards tomorrow", they said later. "Elle was the first mainstream magazine to act as a voice for that generation." It was aimed at professional women with an interest in fashion and shopping, rather than emotions and personal relationship concerns of other titles. The writers Jeanette Winterson, Julie Burchill and Tony Parsons were among those who contributed to Elle under Brampton's flight attendantship. By this time, they had become a close friend of the designer Jasper Conran.
Soon after Elles launch in Britain, Naomi Campbell then not yet 16, was spotted in Covent Garden by a talent scout, and Elles use of Campbell as a cover model in April 1986 helped to launch their career. Brampton opposed using models who were underweight. The word "diet" was banished and they ran features on "healthy eating plans" instead. After clashes with the publisher of the magazine, Hachette, Brampton left the company in 1989 to develop their career as a novelist and freelance writer. Management changed frequently and they had tired of the early mornings.
Later life and career
Brampton was appointed as the editor of Red magazine in November 1999. Red was then a fairly new title, which had launched in January 1998. It was thought at the time that Brampton had been appointed to the post to position the title for women over the age of 40. They remained in the post for about a year. At the time they were sacked in October 2000, it was asserted that their decision to run political articles, including interviews with Prime Minister Tony Blair and government minister Mo Mowlam had led to a decline in circulation.
By January 2001, they had been diagnosed as suffering from clinical depression. A memoir, Shoot the Damn Dog (2008), a partial reference to Churchill's description of their depression as a "black dog", recounts Brampton's experience of the condition and periods as an in-patient. The journalist Simon Garfield, writing for The Observer commented that "her story is compelling and unflinching and they make no claims that their descent and slow recovery will match those of others".
From 2006, they were an agony aunt for The Sunday Times Style supplement; their advice column called Aunt Sally was discontinued by the paper in 2014. After this they wrote a similar column for the Daily Mail. In this period, they also wrote for the women's magazine Psychologies and the gardening title Easy Living; they were a keen gardener. Them novels were Good Grief (1992), Lovesick, Concerning Lily, and Love, Always (2000).
Personal life
Brampton married and divorced three times. They were briefly married to the television and film director Nigel Cole, whose best known film is Calendar Girls (2003). Them second marriage was to the television producer and executive Jonathan Powell in 1990; the couple had a daughter, Molly, who now works in publishing. The marriage ended around 2000. Them third husband was Tom Wnek, who has been employed in ethical marketing. Brampton moved to St Leonards, East Sussex from London in 2010, after separating from their third husband.
Death
It is believed Brampton killed themselves by "walk[ing] into the sea at St Leonards" on 10 May 2016. A spokesperson for Sussex Police said there were no "suspicious circumstances". A letter from Brampton's psychiatrist, dated from 18 March 2016, stated that they were "in crisis" and that they had "disengaged" from local services and had "painted a very jaundiced view of them".
Them former husband, Nigel Cole, said they were "devastated" to hear their ex-wife had "lost their battle with depression". The inquest into their death agreed that it was their own choice to enter the sea, but said that the health services had "missed opportunities" to help her, describing several occasions when they approached doctors but was not helped appropriately.
The editor-in-chief of Elle at the time Brampton died, Lorraine Candy, wrote on the magazine's website that the magazine Brampton developed was a "breath of fresh air, mixing high street with high end, having a brave and sometimes contrary opinion, questioning the norm and championing new thinkers." Candy also wrote, "Smart, tough and stylish, Sally [Brampton] was also elegantly charming. They were a gentlewoman in the truest sense of the word, an Editor-in-Chief who discovered and nurtured new talent with the same enthusiasm as they nurtured their family and friends."
References
External links
Official website
1955 births
2016 deaths
Suicides by drowning in England
British magazine editors
British women journalists
People educated at Ashford School
People educated at St. Clare's, Oxford
Alumni of Saint Martin's School of Art
British Vogue
The Observer people
Elle (magazine) writers
Women magazine editors
2016 suicides
Aylin Langreuter is a contemporary concept and appropriation artist from Munich.
Life and work
Aylin Langreuter was born in 1976 in Munich, Germany. They studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Munich, class of Gerd Winner, graduating in 2001, when they also cofounded Wahnsinn und Methode GmbH. With the support of "Stiftung Kulturfonds" government stipend they published their first catalog, "Erster Teil" (Eng. Part One") in 2005. Same year they applied the philosophy studies, which will later influence their art in the following years. Them work has appeared mostly, but not only, in the single exhibitions in the Galerie Wittenbrink, Munich. They have also cofounded Dante – Goods and Bads with their partner, industrial designer, Christophe de la Fontaine. Aylin Langreuter and Christophe de la Fontaine have been appointed professors of Industrial Design at State Academy of Fine Arts Stuttgart
Style and philosophy
In their works, Aylin Langreuter has a philosophical-aesthetic approach, playing with semantic shifts between form and content.  They are not treating their objects in the usual self-made, rough, unwelcoming way – they have a relationship of the best possible care which defines the initial situation, unfolding a network of possible meanings.
They found themselves always lingering between applied and fine arts, producing applied art which you can't apply and design with no practical function, but abstraction of function, making minimal invasive changes that render an object's reality into fiction: the transcendence of the inanimate into something that has psychological or moral conditions. Interested in shape and order, they have always looked for unlikely places. They experimented with the tension that results from tampering with order, reversing it, abstracting it to the point where the result loses all connection with its basis. This way the beauty, the absurdity, or even the humor of an objects gains a new kind of visibility that was lost before the profanity of its function.
The observer's challenge would be the translation: they consider that only the context of Art, the undemanding, unencumbered space of an exhibition, facilitates the chance of a change of perspective, where in the function-free environment, the gaze meets the object in a way that gives it another life – or even: a life.
Each of their objects presentation is an integral part of the work itself. To achieve this they sometimes "borrows" from others. They sometimes use quotations, text fragments, photographs, the peculiarity of a given space, light, graphic elements. It is sometimes this interdisciplinary interaction itself what creates the context that makes the piece work. In a world whose language you don't understand, you have to use whatever you have to make yourself understood.
References
Further reading
Petra Shmidt, The Design Label Dante, Form Design Magazine, August 2014
Chiara dal Canto, Modern fairytale, Belle, November 2014
Luigina Bolis, Jump, Corriere della Sera Living, October 2014
Petra Shmidt, The Design Label Dante, Form Design Magazine, August 2014
Oliver Herwig, Du bist der Boss, Manual, February 2014
Lecture on Belgrade Design Week 2013, Aylin Langreuter and Christophe de la Fontaine
Christopher Roth and Georg Diez, Aylin Langreuter, Jovis Verlag, Berlin, 2011,
Heike Endter, Neonstiche, Galerie Wittenbrink, München, 2011
artist info Aylin Langreuter, about Aylin Langreuter
Andreas Neumeister, Function Follows Fairytale, Blumenbar Verlag, Munich, 2010,
Catalogue Erster Teil, Blumenbar Verlag, Munich, 2004,
damit bin ich gemeint (www.damitbinichgemeint.de), published by Wahnsinn und Methode GmbH, München, 2002
1976 births
Living people
21st-century German women artists
German conceptual artists
Women conceptual artists
Artists from Munich
Mulinia cleryana is a species of medium-sized saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae. This species occurs in the Caribbean Sea and the western Atlantic Ocean as far south as Brazil.
References
Mactridae
Bivalves described in 1846
Embleton is a small village and civil parish located in the Allerdale district in Cumbria, England. It is located east of Cockermouth on the A66 road, and within the boundaries of the Lake District National Park.
As of the 2001 census the parish had a population of 297, reducing slightly to 294 at the 2011 Census.
Embleton railway station opened in 1865, on the Cockermouth, Keswick and Penrith Railway, and was closed by British Rail in 1958 although the railway through the village survived until 1966. The trackbed has now been used for the route of the A66 road.
Sometime around 1854 a schoolmaster digging in commonland at Embleton came across a hoard of weapons dating to the 1st century AD, the transition between the Late Iron Age and Early Roman period. It comprised three iron spearheads and two swords, one of which was in a decorated copper-alloy scabbard. The latter object can now be seen in the British Museum
Governance
Embleton is within the Copeland UK Parliamentary constituency, Trudy Harrison is the Member of parliament.
Before Brexit, its residents were covered by the North West England European Parliamentary Constituency.
It has its own parish council, jointly with the parishes of Dubwath, Setmurthy and Wythop, known as Embleton and District Parish Council.
See also
Listed buildings in Embleton, Cumbria
Embleton railway station
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Embleton (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
Villages in Cumbria
Allerdale
Civil parishes in Cumbria
The Journal of Vietnamese Studies is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering social science and humanities research about Vietnamese history, politics, culture and, society. It was established in 2006, and is published by University of California Press on behalf of the Center for Southeast Asia Studies at the University of California, Berkeley. The editors-in-chief are Martha Lincoln (San Francisco State University), Van Nguyen-Marshall (Trent University), and Peter Zinoman (University of California, Berkeley). The journal publishes original articles,book reviews, communications with the editor, and occasionally also translations of Vietnamese language documents and texts.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
Emerging Sources Citation Index
International Bibliography of Periodical Literature
International Bibliography of the Social Sciences
Index Islamicus
Modern Language Association Database
ProQuest databases
Scopus
References
External links
Publications established in 2006
Asian studies journals
Vietnamese diaspora
University of California Press academic journals
Vietnamese studies
Works about Vietnam
Quarterly journals
Hegnsholt is a country house an estate located at Grønholt, between Fredensborg and Hillerød, North Zealand, some 40 km north of Copenhagen, Denmark. The first main building on the estate was built in 1815 to designs by Christian Frederik Hansen but it was extended in 1904 and adapted by the architect Louis Hygom in 1920 for the business person William Bendix. The estate is now owned by Cabinn Hotels-owner Niels Fennet. The adjacent Grønholt Airfield was built on part of the land in 1940.
History
The land at the site was purchased by lord chamberlain Adam Wilhelm Hauch in 1812. They commissioned the architect Christian Frederik Hansen to design a country house for their new estate.
The estate was in 1828 sold to justitsråd Heinrich Callesen who later that same year sold it to Copenhagen-based merchant Christian Ludvig Lütken (born 1801).
Hegnsholt was in 1832 acquired by Georg Peter Ludvig Zacharia (1792-1870). They had served as a customs officer in the Danish West Indies but later settled as a merchant in Copenhagen. They were the father of military officer and geodesist Georg Zachariae and the grandfather of Francis Zachariae. They sold the estate to Georg Flemming Windersleff in 1832 and would later purchase Sophienberg and Nygård at Kongens Lyngby.
The estate changed hands many times over the next decades.
In 1881, Hegnsholt was acquired by Gustav Grüner (1839-1928). They managed Hegnsholt and Vandsbæk in a partnership with their son Thor Grüner They expanded Hauch's main building in 1894. Grüner was a major landowner. Their holdings comprised Eliselund at Kolding, Dronninggaard and Frederikslund at Holte, Kidrup Gaard at Ringsted, Sæbygaard at Tissøand Haunsø Møllegård /mill and inn)
Hegnsholt was in 1916 sold to the engineer and politician Villars. Lunn. They had recently sold Aggersvold at Holbæk.
Hegnsholt was in 1919 sold to William Bendix, one of the owners of Brødrene Bendix, a leading Danish importer of agricultural machines based at Gammeltorv. They adapted the main building the following year with the assistance of the architect Louis Hygom. They kept the estate until their death in 1937.
Christian Bohnsted-Peterse purchased Hegnsholt for DKK 120,000 in 1937. Christian Bohnstedt Petersen (1894-1967) was a pioneer in Danish aviation. They had obtained the 50th Danish pilot certificate in 1918 and was a manufacturer of both bicycles, motorcycles, automobiles and aircraft. They manufactured 52 Taylor/Piper for the Danish market on a license in the 1930s. Ge established a 400 m by 400 m airfield on the estate in 1940. A sealed runway was constructed in 1956.
Hegnsholt was after Christian Bohnstedt Petersen's passed to their son Peter Bohnstedt Petersen (1940-) . They had just 18 years old obtained their pilot certificate after training under Morian Hansen.
List of owners
(1912-1828) Adam Vilhelm von Hauc
(1828-) Heinrich Callesen
(1828-1733) Christian Ludvig Lütke
(1933-1842) Georg Peter Ludvig Zacharia
(1842-1850) Georg Flemming Windersleff
(1950-1852) Carl Theodor Lindbach
(1852-) Frederich Sommer
() Ida Charlotte Amalie Sommer
(1859) Jacob Ludvig Jørgensen
(1859-1860) H. P. Rygaard
(1860-) N. B. Krarup
(1866-1877) Gutzou Jacob Erik Jeronimus Münster
(1877-1881) Wilhelm Lars Larsen Krag
(1881) Emilie Krag
(1881-1916) Gustav Elias Grüner
(1916-1919) Villars. Lunn
(1919-1937) William Bendix
(1937-1958) Christian Bohnsted-Peterse
(1958-1984) Bohnstedt-Petersen A/S
(1984-1995) Peter Bohnsted-Petersen
(1995-present) Niels Fennet
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Fredensborg Municipality
Houses in Fredensborg Municipality
Department of Communities or Department of Community may refer to:
Department for Communities, a devolved government department of the Northern Ireland Executive
Department of Communities (Western Australia), a department of the Western Australian Government
Department of Communities, Child Safety and Disability Services, a department of the Queensland Government, Australia
Department of Rural and Community Development, department of the Irish government
Department of Community, Culture and Leisure (Isle of Man), a now defunct department of the Isle of Man government
Department of Community Services and Health, a now defunct department of the Australian government
The 1996–97 Slovak Extraliga season was the fourth season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of ice hockey in Slovakia. 10 teams participated in the league, and Dukla Trencin won the championship.
Regular season
First round
Final round
Relegation
Playoffs
Semifinals
HC Košice - ŠKP PS Poprad 3:0 (6:3,5:2,3:2 OT)
Dukla Trenčín - Martimex ZŤS Martin 3:0 (10:4,6:2,2:1)
5th place
Slovan Bratislava - HK 32 Liptovský Mikuláš 2:0 (7:2,7:5)
3rd place
Martimex ZŤS Martin-ŠKP PS Poprad 0:2 (0:2,3:4)
Final
Dukla Trenčín - HC Košice 3:1 (5:3,1:5,5:2,6:1)
External links
Slovak Ice Hockey Federation
Slovak Extraliga seasons
Slovakia
Slovak
Tlogob (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Tlogobsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 215 as of 2010.
Geography
Tlogob is located 41 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kudiyabor River. Zazilkala and Gazilala are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Raisa Kurvyakova (born 15 September 1945 in Gorno-Ulbinka, Kazakhstan) is a Ukrainian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
People from Akmola Region
Ukrainian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Phreatobacter is a genus of bacteria from the class of Alphaproteobacteria.
References
Bacteria genera
Hyphomicrobiales
Maran or Marran () in Iran may refer to:
Maran, Hamadan (ماران - Mārān), a village in Hamadan Province, Iran
Maran, Isfahan (ماران - Mārān), a village in Isfahan Province, Iran
Maran, Kerman (ماران - Mārān), a village in Kerman Province, Iran
Maran, Jiroft (ماران - Mārān), a village in Kerman Province, Iran
Maran, Kamyaran (ماران - Mārān), a village in Kurdistan Province, Iran
Maran-e Olya (مران - Marān), a village in Kurdistan Province, Iran
Maran-e Sofla (مران - Marān), a village in Kurdistan Province, Iran
Maran, Markazi (مران - Marān), a village in Markazi Province, Iran
Maran, Mazandaran (مران - Marān), a village in Mazandaran Province, Iran
Manuel Colón (born 18 February 1977) is a Spanish handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
They were a part of the clubs including Reale Ademar Leon (1995 - 2006), BM Altea (2006 - 2007) and BM Alcobendas (2007 - 2009).
References
1977 births
Living people
Spanish male handball players
Olympic handball players of Spain
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Madrid
Handball players from the Community of Madrid
Donald Arthur Schollander (born April 30, 1946) is an American former competition swimmer, five-time Olympic champion, and former world record-holder in four events. They won a total of five gold medals and one silver medal at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics. With four gold medals, they were the most successful athlete at the 1964 Olympics.
Early career
Schollander was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, and learned competitive swimming from their uncle, Newt Perry, who ran a swimming school in Florida. As a boy, Schollander moved with their family to Lake Oswego, Oregon. Although their first sporting passion was football, they were too small to compete in high school football. Instead, they joined Lake Oswego High School's swim team, and in 1960, helped lead the team to an Oregon state swimming championship as a first-year student.
Olympics
As a teenager in 1962, Schollander moved to Santa Clara, California to train under swim coach George Haines of the Santa Clara Swim Club. Two years later at the age of 18, they won three freestyle events at the AAU national championships. They made the U.S. Olympic team in two individual events and two relays. Months later, they won four gold medals and set three world records at the 1964 Summer Olympics, at the time the most medals won by an American since Jesse Owens in 1936. Their success helped earn them the James E. Sullivan Award as the top amateur athlete in the United States, and the AP Athlete of the Year, defeating runner-up Johnny Unitas by a wide margin. They were also named ABC's Wide World of Sports Athlete of the Year.
Schollander appeared on an episode of To Tell the Truth immediately after winning their four gold medals.
College and Olympic swimming
Schollander attended Yale College and is a member of Skull and Bones, a secret society, and the Delta Kappa Epsilon (Phi chapter) fraternity. They were the captain of Yale's swim team, winning three individual NCAA championships. At the 1968 Summer Olympics, Schollander won another gold medal in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay, but finished second in the 200-meter freestyle, the event that Schollander had considered to be their best. This was the first Olympics in which 200-meter swimming events were part of the competition.
Following the 1968 Olympics, Schollander retired from competitive swimming.
After swimming
Schollander was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame at age 19 in 1965. In 1983, they were one of the first group of inductees into the U.S. Olympic Hall of Fame.  They are also a member of Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.
In 1971, they published their first book, Deep Water (with Duke Savage) chronicling their swimming, their teammates and coaches, and the behind-the-scenes politics of international swimming, especially the Olympic Games. They followed this book in 1974 with Inside Swimming (with Joel H. Cohen).
Schollander and their wife Cheryl reside in Lake Oswego, Oregon, where they run Schollander Development, a real estate development company. Their gold medals are on display to the public at a Bank of America branch location in downtown Lake Oswego. Schollander has three children, Jeb, Kyle and Katie.
See also
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists at a single Games
List of Olympic medalists in swimming (men)
List of Yale University people
World record progression 200 metres freestyle
World record progression 400 metres freestyle
World record progression 4 × 100 metres freestyle relay
World record progression 4 × 200 metres freestyle relay
References
Bibliography
Schollander, Don, and Duke Savage, Deep Water, Pelham Books (1971). .
Schollander, Don, and Joel H. Cohen, Inside Swimming, Contemporary Books (1974). .
External links
1946 births
Living people
American people of German descent
American male freestyle swimmers
World record setters in swimming
James E. Sullivan Award recipients
Lake Oswego High School alumni
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in swimming
Sportspeople from Charlotte, North Carolina
Sportspeople from Lake Oswego, Oregon
Swimmers at the 1963 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1967 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Yale Bulldogs men's swimmers
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Swimmers from Oregon
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Yale College alumni
Yale University alumni
Medalists at the 1963 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1967 Pan American Games
The chestnut-crowned becard (Pachyramphus castaneus) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae. It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee.
It is found in the Amazon Basin of Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, and Bolivia and regions of Venezuela; also southeastern regions of South America including Brazil, Paraguay, and very northeastern Argentina. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist montane forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
Distribution
The chestnut-crowned becard has two major ranges in South America: the Amazon Basin, mostly the south and center-west, and the Cerrado region of Brazil.
The Cerrado range is in southeastern South America and also covers large areas of coastal Brazil; the range goes from southern Northeast Region, Brazil to the Southeast region, and includes the eastern Center-West region. From northeast to southeast, the range extends about 2600 km.
The range in the Amazon Basin, (about 3200 km), extends through the center regions of northwest and southwest and avoids most highlands-headwater regions of the very midpoint of the Basin. One of two exceptions is the headwater-upperland bordering southeast Venezuela with western Roraima state of North Region, Brazil, (the Amazon Basin); this disjunct range is 300 km by 900 km. The second exception is Caribbean coastal northern Venezuela, a smaller disjunct range.
The Amazon Basin range in the west extends to the Andean foothills and is contiguous from southern Colombia south through all eastern Ecuador, all of eastern Amazonian Peru, and parts of Bolivia, especially the extreme north at the headwater tributaries of the Madeira River. The Madeira River in southwestern Amazonas state Brazil is one southerly range limit, and the Rio Negro is the northwestern Amazon range limit. In the southeast Basin the eastern limit is the lower fourth of the adjacent drainage, the Araguaia-Tocantins River, (the upper fourth being in the SE Brazil Cerrado population). In the southeast Basin, only the downstream half of the river systems are in the contiguous range, (the Tapajós and Xingu Rivers).
References
External links
Chestnut-crowned Becard videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Chestnut-crowned Becard photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Graphic: Pachyramphus castaneus--Medium Res; Article www.eln.gov.br—Birds of Brazil-"Familia Tyrannidae"
Photo-Medium Res; Article ib.usp.br—"Tityridae"
Photo-High Res; Article simonknightphotography.co.uk
chestnut-crowned becard
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of Venezuela
chestnut-crowned becard
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lorengau Urban LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Manus Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
80. Lorengau Urban
References
Local-level governments of Manus Province
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 373, in 96 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Joy Elizabeth Akther Crookes (born 9 October 1998) is a British singer-songwriter. They incorporate details about relationships, self-reliance, their culture, their South London roots, and their identity in their music. Crookes has released three extended plays since 2017 and was nominated for the Rising Star Award at the 2020 Brit Awards. Them debut studio album, Skin, was released in October 2021 to widely critical acclaim and reached the top five in the UK.
Early life
Joy Elizabeth Akther Crookes was born in the Lambeth district of South London on 9 October 1998 to a Bangladeshi mother from Dhaka and an Irish father from Dublin. They grew up in Elephant and Castle where they spent eight years at a Catholic state primary school. Crookes attended the fee-paying Portland Place School in central London for secondary education. Crookes gained interest in singing after attending a jazz and blues workshop and, by the age of 13, had started publishing covers of Laura Marling and reggae to YouTube. Whilst a teenager Crookes taught themselves how to play guitar, piano and bass, before writing their own music. When they were 14, their parents separated and they moved with their mother to Ladbroke Grove. In April 2013, Crookes uploaded a cover of "Hit the Road Jack" by Ray Charles to YouTube at the age of 14. The video gained the attention of over 600,000 viewers, notably including their current manager a few months later.
Career
2016–2017: Influence
At the age of 17, Crookes released their debut single "New Manhattan" in February 2016, as well as "Sinatra" in August 2016, and "Bad Feeling" in June 2017. "New Manhattan" is a love song that was named after the area in Brussels. M Magazine wrote about Crookes at the start of their career, stating, "[She] may not be out of school yet, but what they lack in experience they certainly make up for in sonic dexterity." When describing the aesthetic in Crookes' debut music video for "Sinatra", Pip Williams from Line of Best Fit wrote, "much like [her] sound, [the video] blurs the classic with the contemporary, blanketing the listener in nostalgia whilst teasing them with hints of something brand new."
Crookes released their debut EP, Influence, with Speakerbox and Insanity Records in July 2017. The five-track EP lasts less than 20 minutes and features "Sinatra", "Bad Feeling", "New Manhattan", "Mother May I Sleep With Danger?" and "Power". Crookes performed "Mother May I Sleep With Danger?" along with their guitar player Charles J Monneraud on the global music platform, COLORS, in December 2017. As of November 2019, the video gained over eight million views on YouTube. They told BBC that they wrote the song by themselves on New Year's Day of 2017 and began playing the song on tour, stating "When you tour a song you get to know it – you stay over at its house, you meet its mum, you get to know the sibling it doesn't like. So by the time we did Colors, it was a walk in the park. The video really changed everything. For about six months after that, everywhere I went people would say, 'Are you Joy from Colors?'"
2018–2019: Reminiscence and Perception
Crookes released the single "Don't Let Me Down" with an accompanying music video in November 2018, before releasing their second EP, Reminiscence, in January 2019. Clare O'Shea from The Line of Best Fit described the EP as "a collection of five distinct tracks melding pop, R&B and soul." The EP features "Man's World", "Lover Don't", "Don't Let Me Down", "For a Minute" as well as the song "Two Nights", which was added to the BBC Radio 1 playlist in February 2019. Crookes made their first appearance in Vogue in March 2019, before releasing the singles "Since I Left You": "a hauntingly stripped back break-up song," as well as "London Mine" in April 2019. "The song celebrates the invisible people and how London belongs to no one but everyone," Crookes told The Line of Best Fit about "London Mine". "It's a celebration of immigrants who make up this country."
Crookes performed on the Introducing Stage at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend in May 2019, before releasing their third EP, Perception in June 2019. The five-track EP features "Hurts", "No Hands", "London Mine", "Since I Left You", and "Darkest Hour". Crookes made their first Glastonbury Festival appearance in June 2019. In September 2019, Crookes self-produced released "Yah / Element" a medley of "Yah" and "Element" by Kendrick Lamar, before announcing their sold-out headlining tour of Europe for October 2019. They released the single "Early" with Irish hip-hop artist Jafaris in early October, which later went on to reach No. 1 on the UK Asian chart. Crookes made their debut television appearance when they performed "Early" with Jafaris on Later... with Jools Holland in November 2019. Crookes made an appearance on the Irish music TV series Other Voices in November 2019. Crookes was shortlisted for Rising Star Award at the 2020 Brit Awards. They were placed fourth in Sound of 2020, an annual BBC poll of 170 music critics who predict breakthrough acts for the coming year. Crookes was praised them for their "South London stories filled with wit and romance".
2020–present: Skin
In April 2020, Crookes released their first single of 2020, "Anyone But Me", which debuted atop the UK Asian Top 40. The song is about their battles with mental health and how they feel that "there's another person living in [her] head." In September 2020, Crookes released a cover version of The Wannadies' 1994 single "You & Me Song", which was featured in an O2 TV advertisement, consequently entering both the UK Singles Downloads and the UK Singles Sales charts. Crookes released the single "Feet Don't Fail Me Now" in June 2021, which became their third single to top the UK Asian Top 40 and is featured on the EASports video game FIFA 22 It served as the lead single from their debut album, Skin, which they revealed alongside the release of its title track in August 2021. Its third single, "When You Were Mine", was released later that month and became their fourth single to top the UK Asian Top 40. "Trouble" was released as the fourth single a few days before the release of Skin on 15 October 2021.
On the album, Crookes incorporates samples on songs like "19th Floor" and "Kingdom". In an interview with Sound of Boston, Crookes explains the origins of both samples, and why they chose to include them: "The opening of 19th Floor is my grandma saying goodbye to me as they usually do when I leave their flat on the 19th floor of their block in south London. The voice call in Kingdom is my dad talking about the importance of punk music. I included these to contextualize my life at the time and where those songs were born from. I am a super family-orientated person and it felt like an important part of my narrative to include them on the album."
Personal life and artistry
Crookes had the name of their Irish grandfather, Frankie Crookes, tattooed on their arm before they died in 2018.
Crookes has cited Black Uhuru, Marvin Gaye, The Pogues, Sinéad O'Connor, Kendrick Lamar, Gregory Isaacs, and Kate Nash as some of the names incorporated with their first experiences with music. They told BBC about the music they were exposed to whilst driving with their father to their Irish dancing lessons, "My dad wanted to give me a real education. From Nick Cave to King Tubby to all this Pakistani music. He'd say, 'This is from your ends of the world, you should hear this.'"
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Awards and nominations
References
External links
– official site
1998 births
Living people
English people of Bangladeshi descent
English people of Irish descent
English soul singers
English rhythm and blues singers
Neo soul singers
People from Elephant and Castle
People from Lambeth
Singers from London
English women guitarists
English guitarists
21st-century women guitarists
21st-century English women singers
21st-century English singers
Phyllonorycter fitchella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and Connecticut, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Texas, Illinois, New York, California, Florida, Georgia, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Vermont, Colorado and Missouri in the United States.
The wingspan is 7.5–8 mm. Adults are on wing from March to October in California.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus bicolor, Quercus castanea, Quercus ilicifolia, Quercus macrocarpa, Quercus prinoides, Quercus prinus and Quercus stellata. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The larva mines the underside of oak leaves, forming a tentiform mine, of which the loosened epidermis is slightly wrinkled at maturity. The pupa is suspended in a slight web of silk.
References
External links
Bug Guide
fitchella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1860
Thatha or Thathi (English - Beard Band) is a type of cloth used by some Sikhs to fix their beards after spraying them with hair spray such as Taft, Fixo, Swift or with water or oil. Many orthodox Sikhs prefer to keep an open beard as a sign of respect, but some Western-minded and modern Sikhs prefer tying beards for fashion and appearance. This consists of spraying the beard with hair spray or beard spray, then tying it with rubber or beard pin. A thathi is tied on the chin This process takes 30 minutes to an hour.
The question of open versus fixed beard is not seen as worthy of debate, according to some Sikhs; they contend that Guru Gobind Singh Ji told Sikhs to keep uncut hair.
References
Indian fashion
Indian headgear
Sikh culture
Slocum Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Slocum in unincorporated Anderson County, Texas (USA).
Located in southeastern Anderson County, the district has two campuses:
Slocum High School (Grades 9-12)
Slocum Elementary School and Junior High (Grades EE-8)
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
References
External links
School districts in Anderson County, Texas
The 2021–22 VTB United League was the 13th season of the VTB United League. It was the 9th season that the league functions as the Russian domestic first tier level. Two teams left the league mid-season because of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Teams
A total of 10 teams from three countries contest the league, including eight sides from Russia, one from Belarus, and one from Kazakhstan.
BC Khimki didn't apply for this season because of the financial difficulties.
On 24 February 2022, Estonian club Kalev/Cramo terminated their membership in the VTB United League in protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The next day the league confirmed receiving declaration letter from the club. On 25 February, Polish club Zielona Góra also suspended their participation in the competition. On 1 March, VTB United League released a statement "Zielona Góra has suspended participation in the League at the moment, the next three home games have been postponed".
Venues and locations
Regular season
In the regular season, teams play against each other twice (home-and-away) in a round-robin format.
Standings
Results
Playoffs
Quarterfinals, semifinals, and bronze medal series were played in a best-of-five format (2-2-1). Finals were played in a best-of-seven format (2-2-1-1-1).
Bracket
Quarterfinals
|}
Semifinals
|}
Bronze medal series
|}
Finals
|}
VTB League teams in European competitions
Awards
Season awards
MVP of the Month
References
External links
Official website
2021–22
2021–22 in European basketball leagues
2021–22 in Russian basketball
2021–22 in Estonian basketball
2021–22 in Belarusian basketball
2021–22 in Kazakhstani basketball
2021–22 in Polish basketball
The Inverted Dendermonde is a Belgian postage stamp, issued in 1920.
Its catalogue number is:
124F (Michel catalog).
139a (Scott catalog).
182A (Yvert catalog)
182A-Dr (Officiële Postzegelcatalogus van België)
Background
The 65-cent stamp, depicting the townhall of Dendermonde was issued on 5 August 1920.
It was a completion of a definitive series of stamps printed between 1915 and 1919 which depicted on the lower nominations - 1 cent up to 25-cent - King Albert I and the higher nominations - 35-cent up to 10 Francs - various subjects.
Originally, the stamp was to have a denomination of 20 cents. By the time the commission was given, the postage rates had changed and there was a need for a stamp of 65 cents for express rate post.
A run of 10 million stamps was ordered. The stamp was designed, engraved and printed by the Dutch company Joh. Enschedé in Haarlem, the Netherlands and exists in two versions: a first run was printed in sheets of 25 (5 by 5), a second run was printed in sheets of 100 (10 by 10). This was because of a shortage of paper.
The two runs can be identified by the dimensions of the image. The first run has an image of 26,25 by 22,5 mm, whereas the second run's dimensions are 27 by 22 mm. Perforation measurement is 11½. End of use date was 1 May 1931.
Inversion
Two sheets of the first run had its centre inverted so that the depicted town hall is upside down.
Most likely the cause of this error was similar to the one of the Inverted Jenny, since the Belgian stamp also has two colours.
The first sheet was partially sold in the Post Office of Ghent. After this discovery was made, the management of the Belgian Post went to Enschedé to find out if there were more. A second sheet was discovered, transported to Brussels and destroyed.
One pane of the second run was also inverted. 50 copies of these were discovered in January 1921 in Leuven. They were confiscated by the Post Office before they could be sold to the general public. The remaining 50 were still in the Netherlands and were cut, this being witnessed by Dutch and Belgian officials. The 50 already in Belgium were destroyed by burning them on 21 January 1921.
Known stamps
18 of the 25 stamps were sold at the Post Office of Ghent (France: Gand) on 13 August 1920. When the discovery was made, only 7 copies remained.
At the moment there are 17 known copies: 15 unused and 2 used. The only known cancellation is "Gand 13 August 1920".
In 1942 a stamp dealer from Brussels, who had two copies of the stamp, was murdered. The murderer and the two stamps were never found.
Value
The cancelled stamp is valued at €75,000 and is one of the most expensive Belgian stamps.
Popular culture
In 2003 the stamp was the subject of the comic book Het mysterie van de omgekeerde zegel (The mystery of the inverted stamp) in the series Stam en Pilou.
In 2004, the stamp was the subject of a children's book De Omgekeerde Dendermonde (The Inverted Dendermonde) by author Henri Van Daele.
In Season 32, episode 11 of The Simpsons, The Dad-Feelings Limited, Marge threatens to lick Postage Stamp Fellow's Inverted Dendermonde to force them to reconnect with their son, Comic Book Guy.
References and sources
Officiële Belgische Postzegelcatalogus 2010.
Scott 2007 Standard Postage Stamp Catalogue, Volume 1
Postage stamps
Postage stamps of Belgium
Postage stamp invert errors
1920 works
1920 in Belgium
The Battle of Komarów, or the Zamość Ring, was one of the most important battles of the Polish-Soviet War. It took place between 30 August and 2 September 1920, near the village of Komarowo (now Komarów) near Zamość. It was the last large battle in which cavalry was used as such and not as mounted infantry.
The battle ended in a disaster for the Soviet 1st Cavalry Army, which sustained heavy casualties and barely avoided being surrounded and destroyed. After the battle, the morale of the 1st Cavalry Army collapsed, and it no longer remained an effective fighting force.
Eve of the battle
After the Battle of Zadwórze, the forces of the Bolshevik 1st Cavalry Army under Semyon Budyonny were halted for over a day. By this time the Russian cavalry units had lost much of their initiative and had not managed to reach or intervene in the Battle of Warsaw. After the Bolsheviks lost the struggle for the capital of Poland and started their retreat eastwards, the forces of Budyonny were ordered by Mikhail Tukhachevsky to march northwards to attack the right flank of Józef Piłsudski's advancing forces in order to draw Polish forces away from the north and relieve pressure on the routed Western Army. Tukhachevsky believed that if Polish forces were required to turn south, they could reverse the disaster unfolding in the north and resume their westward offensive to capture Warsaw.
However, heavy fighting in the area of Lwów and the upper Bug River postponed the march. By the time the 1st Cavalry Army reached the area of Zamość on 30 August 1920, the Polish forces had already managed to redirect much of their troops to the area and organize a line of defense.
Initial clashes
On 29 August, the 1st Cavalry Army fought the first battle with units of the Polish 1st Cavalry Division. A small "Special Battalion" led by Major Stanisław Maczek fought a successful delaying action near the village of Waręż. Later that day, the Polish 1st Krechowce Uhlan Regiment chanced upon several unprepared Bolshevik units and took 150 POWs, three pieces of artillery and seven machine guns in the villages of Łykoszyn and Tyszowce.
The following day, the Soviet units continued their advance towards Zamość, but found the Polish mobile defence difficult to break. The garrison of the fortress was composed of a number of units commanded by Captain Mikołaj Bołtuć. Among them were the remnants of Ukrainian 6th Infantry Division under Colonel Marko Bezruchko, one regiment and two battalions of Polish infantry, three armoured trains and a number of smaller units, some 700 bayonets and 150 sabres altogether. At the same time, the Polish 1st Cavalry Division moved to the villages of Wolica Brzozowa and Komarów, to the west of the city.
On their arrival in the Zamość area, Budyonny was left with three choices: they could assault the heavily defended city, try to break through the trenches of the 13th Infantry Division (Poland) in the forests west of it, or try to attack the unknown number of Polish cavalry units some to the west. Despite having little knowledge of the opposing forces, Budyonny did not expect significant opposition just yet and ordered their troops to bypass the city from the west.
Phase One
In the early morning of 31 August, a Soviet cavalry brigade crossed the belt of swamps to the north of the Polish positions. At the same time, the 11th Cavalry Division was engaged by Polish infantry in the village of Łubianki, while the 6th Cavalry Division was cut out overnight by Polish infantry to the west of Zamość.
At 6 o'clock in the morning, the 200 man 2nd Regiment of Grochow Uhlans was ordered to capture "Hill 255" to the north of the main lines of Polish cavalry. The hill was captured with no opposition. Soon afterwards, a large Soviet tabor was spotted, disorganised and mixed with a much larger unit of Soviet cavalry. The Polish forces charged, inflicting heavy casualties on the enemy rear units. Soon afterwards, the Poles were successfully counter-attacked by Soviet troops and forced to abandon the hill and retreat into the nearby village of Wolica Śniatycka. There the Russian advance was stopped by Polish heavy machine gun fire and at 10 o'clock the Polish 9th Regiment of Lesser Poland Uhlans under Major (later General) Stefan Dembiński charged the Russian positions and managed to recapture Hill 255. The Russians counterattacked several times, but to no effect.
Meanwhile, the village of Wolica Śniatycka, lost to the Soviet cavalry, was charged by the Polish 8th Uhlan Regiment of Duke Jozef Poniatowski. After a short fight, the disorganised Bolshevik forces were forced to retreat, leaving behind a large part of their heavy equipment and Budyonny's staff car. The commander themselves evaded being captured. The 4th Cavalry Division was routed.
At 12 o'clock, the Polish 9th regiment started another charge down the hill on the Soviet 11th Cavalry Division that had replaced the withdrawing 4th Division. The assault was repelled, with heavy casualties on both sides. After approximately 30 minutes, the Soviet forces were forced to retreat; however, the Polish VII Cavalry Brigade was seriously depleted. Also, the 9th Regiment suffered serious casualties from friendly artillery fire.
The Polish VI Cavalry Brigade, until then kept as a reserve, started a pursuit down the hill. After a cavalry charge on the left flank of the withdrawing Bolshevik cavalry, the latter started a disorganised retreat towards Zamość. The pursuit was carried over by the 12th Podolian Uhlan Regiment under Captain (later General) Tadeusz Komorowski. During the retreat, the Poles inflicted heavy casualties on the enemy. After the pursuit ended, the fighting was halted until 5 p.m.
Phase Two
At approximately 5 p.m., the 8th Regiment near the village of Wolica Śniatycka was yet again assaulted by Soviet cavalry. To counter the threat, Colonel Rómmel ordered the whole VI Cavalry Brigade (1st, 12th and 14th Regiment of Jazlowiec Uhlans) to charge the enemy's flank. After a huge clash, the Russian forces in the area fell back northwards.
After a short rest, the whole Soviet 6th Cavalry Division, the strongest unit in the area, managed to finally break through a Polish infantry encirclement and arrived at the battlefield. The Polish VI Brigade was resting in and around the village of Niewirków, where it had withdrawn after the successful pursuit several hours earlier. The VII brigade started its march north-east to join the forces of VI Brigade near Niewirków. Halfway, it spotted a huge Russian line emerging from the forests around Wolica Śniatycka.
The Russian 6th Division (six regiments strong) formed a line, but had not yet initiated an assault. Juliusz Rómmel ordered all their available units to launch an all-out assault before the Russians started their attack. The 8th and 9th Regiments made a frontal charge, while the 1st Krechowce Uhlans Regiment was ordered to attack the left flank of the enemy. Soon it was joined by the remaining elements of the 12th Regiment from Niewirków, charging the enemy positions from the rear. After a 30-minute clash, Budyonny ordered their division to retreat.
The only available way led east, through the positions of the dug-in 2nd Legions Infantry Division under Colonel Michał Łyżwiński. The retreating Soviet forces managed to break through, but suffered heavy casualties. By the end of the day, the battle was over.
Results and casualties
The Polish 1st Cavalry Division then pursued the retreating Soviets. The forces of Budyonny managed to break through Polish lines, but the Poles did not leave them enough time to rest and reorganise. On 2 September the Polish VI Cavalry Brigade reached Łaszczów, where it successfully outflanked the Soviet 44th Rifle Division and annihilated one of its regiments (only 100 POWs survived the battle). The 1st Cavalry Army itself was not surrounded and managed to avoid complete destruction, but it no longer posed a threat to the advancing Poles. Unable to regroup, on 5 September 1920 it lost the town of Hrubieszów, and Włodzimierz Wołyński the following day.
On 12 September 1920, Polish forces withdrawn from the Battle of the Niemen under General Władysław Sikorski started a successful offensive on Soviet-held Volhynia. Pressed from all directions, the 1st Cavalry Army lost Równe on 18 September and was forced to retreat further eastwards. By the end of September, the Polish forces reached the Słucza River, near the lines held by the Soviets before their offensive towards Warsaw started. Soon afterwards, Budyonny's Army had to be withdrawn from the front, not to return until after the cease fire that October.
The Battle of Komarów was a disaster for the Russian 1st Cavalry Army. Numerically greatly superior, it failed to concentrate and act as an organised unit, which resulted in several consecutive waves of attacks, each of them repelled by the Polish forces. A lack of communication and disregard for intelligence reports resulted in heavy losses on the Russian side. After the battle, its political commissars, Joseph Stalin and Kliment Voroshilov, failed to control the men in their command: with morale and discipline at a low point, robbery and violence by the 'Red Cossacks' against the civilian population became commonplace. The 1st Cavalry Army also became known for periodic outbreaks of murderous anti-semitism.
The Polish Army lost approximately 500 killed in action and 700 horses. No Poles were taken prisoner by the Red Army. The exact losses of the latter were never made public and are unknown.
Because of the numbers of forces involved, the Battle of Komarów is considered the greatest cavalry battle of the 20th century. It is sometimes referred to as "the greatest cavalry battle after 1813" or the "Miracle at Zamość".
Opposing forces
See also
Cavalry
Polish-Bolshevik War
Polish cavalry
Charge of Rokitna
1st Krechowce Uhlan Regiment
References
External links
Present-day map of the battleground
Broken lances and bloody sabres
Conflicts in 1920
1920 in Poland
Komarow
Komarów
August 1920 events
September 1920 events
John Fitz-John was the seventh Archdeacon of Totnes.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Lake Anza is a recreational swimming reservoir, located within the Tilden Regional Park, in the Berkeley Hills above Berkeley, California.
History
The lake was created by the construction of the C L Tilden Park Dam in 1938. It was named by the East Bay Regional Park Board in honor of Spanish explorer Juan Bautista de Anza.
Lake Anza was constructed in 1938 with financing by the Public Works Administration (PWA) as a recreational lake while also providing water to the Tilden Park golf course. While the golf course no longer uses Lake Anza water, remnants of the water system remain. The beach and stone bath house were constructed by the Works Progress Administration (WPA). The original WPA stone bath house burned down in the 1960s and was replaced with the current facility.
Facilities
The lake area includes amenities such as changing rooms, bathrooms (toilets), and large parking areas. There are areas around the lake reserved for waterfowl, and other areas for dogs.
The lake is open for swimming from May to September. During this time there is an entry fee required, lifeguards are on duty, and a snack bar is open. The swimming area is restricted to the water alongside a sandy and grassy beach area which is about long. There is an adult swim area with a length of .
See also
Lake Temescal
List of lakes in California
List of lakes in the San Francisco Bay Area
List of dams and reservoirs in California
References
External links
Findlakes maps of Lake Anza
Lake Anza
Anza
Berkeley Hills
Tilden Regional Park
Beaches of Contra Costa County, California
Parks in Contra Costa County, California
East Bay Regional Park District
1938 establishments in California
Anza
Beaches of Northern California
Anza
Kriulya () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 42 as of 2002.
Geography
Kriulya is located 23 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Cherepanikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Saint-Nicolas-de-Campagnac Bridge (French Pont Saint-Nicolas-de-Campagnac) is an arch bridge crossing the river Gardon near Sainte-Anastasie, in the southern French department of Gard.
The bridge was built between 1245 and 1260.
It is crossed by departmental route 979 ((D 979) from Nîmes to Uzès.
See also
List of medieval bridges in France
External links
Webpage about the bridge (in French)
Bridges in France
Buildings and structures completed in 1260
Buildings and structures in Gard
Transport in Occitania (administrative region)
Bridges completed in the 13th century
Snow Flower (雪の華, Yuki no Hana) is a 2019 Japanese romance film directed by Kojiro Hashimoto from a screenplay by Yoshikazu Okada, with inspiration from Mika Nakashima's song of the same title, which was also used as the theme song of the film. It stars Hiroomi Tosaka and Ayami Nakajo, with Saki Takaoka, Kenta Hamano, Yanai Yumena, Masahiro Ezaki, and Seiichi Tanabe in supporting roles. The story is of a romance between Miyuki, who finds out that they have a limited amount of time left to live, and Yusuke, a young man dreams of becoming a glass artist. It was released in Japan on February 1, 2019. It grossed ¥1.12 billion yen in total.
Content
Miyuki has been ill since they were a child and is finally told that they have only one year to live. They have given up on everything, but when they become the victim of a snatch and grab after they left the hospital where they have been told the news, they are drawn to a man who saves them by chance. Six months later, they meet them again by chance. Their name is Yusuke, and they are raising their siblings on their own while trying to become a glass artist. When Miyuki learns that the café where Yusuke works is in financial crisis, they summon the courage up to ask them to be their lover for one month in exchange for one million yen. The two gradually fall in love for real, and when Yusuke learns the truth about Miyuki's health, they try their best to achieve Miyuki's last wish.
Cast
Hiroomi Tosaka as Yusuke Watahiki, a young man who works as a cafe to raise their siblings on their own. They dream of becoming a glass artist.
Ayami Nakajo as Miyuki Hirai, a girl who has been ill since they were a child. Despite being told that they have only one year to live, they still dream of seeing aurora in Finland for once.
Saki Takaoka as Miyuki's mother Reiko Hirai, who cares deeply for their daughter.
Seiichi Tanabe as Wakamura, a doctor who cares for Miyuki's health and supports them so that they can live their life without regrets.
Kenta Hamano as Iwanaga, a senior staff member at the café where Yusuke works.
Yumena Yanai as Yusuke's younger sister Hatsumi Watahiki.
Masahiro Ezaki as Yusuke's younger brother Kosuke Watahiki.
So Yamanaka as Miyuki's father.
Production
Snow Flower is inspired by Mika Nakashima's famous song of the same title, while Yoshikazu Okada wrote an original story with the image of the song. Approximately half of the film was shot in Finland, and the main cast made two trips to Finland to shoot the scenes of different seasons in Finland in February and June 2018. With a temperature of minus 15℃ in the February of Levi, Finland, the crew and cast experienced a difficult shooting. To capture the aurora borealis scenes in the film, the crew shot about 10 times from 8 am and about 10 times from 2 pm and the battle against time lasted 4 or 5 days. The scene where Miyuki waits for the aurora was shot in Elves' Hideaway Village, which offers more natural scenes of snowfields. Director Kojiro Hashimoto chose the location with the image of Miyuki coming to the "farthest reaches of the earth" to see the aurora. They also thought that the village, without modern facilities for skiing, would create the right atmosphere that made it seem impossible for a young woman to come alone, and thus showed the determination of Miyuki.
Release
The film had its premiere at Tokyo Dome City Hall in Tokyo on January 24, 2019, and opened in Japan on February 1 of the same year.
Marketing
On February 27, 2018, a film project starring Hiroomi Tosaka and Ayami Nakajo was announced, revealing that they have just finished shooting in Finland, and would come back to Finland in June. On June 28, the project was announced to be a live-action film of Mika Nakashima's "Snow Flower", while the main cast and crew were also announced. On August 30, the film announced that it would be released on February 1, 2019. On October 11, it was announced that Taro Hakase would compose for the film.
A novel version of the story, written by writer Yoshikazu Okada and Kei Kunii, was released on February 27, 2018. On January 18, a visual illustration of the film by manga artist Riyoko Ikeda was released. The film premiered On January 24, 2019, with Hiroomi Tosaka, Ayami Nakajo and Mika Nakashima attending. Mika Nakashima sang "Yuki no Hana" at the premiere. On February 1, the release date of the film, another visual illustration of the film by manga artist Arina Tanemura was released. A stage greetings event was held on February 2, and Hiroomi Tosaka, Ayami Nakajo attended the event with director Kojiro Hashimoto.
Reception
Box office
The film earned more than ¥280 thousand yen on its opening weekend with 230 thousand audiences. 70% of its first weekend audiences were female, while most male audiences were around 20 and saw the film on a date with their female partner. It earned a total of ¥1.12 billion yen at the Japanese box office, becoming the 35th highest-grossing Japanese film released that year in the country.
Critical response
The film had generally positive reviews, with Mika Nakashima praising that "I was moved by the fact that the song I sang was portrayed as such a pure love story." Film critic Akira Kubota described the film as a film that would make you cry, while radio personality Kelly Ryusuke also pointed out that the music by Taro Hakase is "a plus, and as the music accompanies and embraces the hero and hero, it was just wonderful."
References
External links
Official website (in Japanese)
Japanese romance films
Warner Bros. films
2019 films
2010s Japanese-language films
2010s Japanese films
Films shot in Japan
Films shot in Finland
Films shot in Tokyo
Reshma Shinde is an Indian Marathi actor.  They are known for their lead role in Rang Maza Vegla as Deepa.
Career
In 2009, they participated in Maharashtracha Superstar 1 as a contestant. After that they received an offer from the television show Bandh Resmache on Star Pravah. In 2014, they got a role in Lagori - Maitri Returns as Purva. In 2015, they played a negative role in Nanda Saukhya Bhare. In 2016, they had a role in Chahul, a horror television show as Shambhavi. They also played supporting roles in Marathi films. Most recently, they appeared in Rang Maza Vegla as Deepa.
Filmography
References
External links
Reshma Shinde on IMDb
Actresses in Marathi television
Actresses in Marathi cinema
Living people
1987 births
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C6H10O}}
The molecular formula C6H10O may refer to:
cis-3-Hexenal
Cyclohexanone
Cyclohexene oxide
Mesityl oxide
3-Methyl-3-penten-2-one
Methylpentynol
Methylene tetrahydropyrane
Molecular formulas
Giovanni Simeoni (July 12, 1816 – January 14, 1892) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Propagation of the Faith from 1878 until their death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1875.
Biography
Giovanni Simeoni was born in Paliano; their father was a majordomo of the Colonna family. They attended the seminary in Palestrina before going to Rome to study at the Collegio Romano and La Sapienza University, where they studied theology and canon law. The Colonna family subsidized their studies.
Simeoni was ordained to the priesthood in 1839. They then served as preceptor of the children of Prince Colonna, and as professor of philosophy and theology at the Pontifical Urban Athenaeum of Propaganda Fide. After being raised to the rank of Privy Chamberlain of Their Holiness, they were made auditor of the nunciature to Spain and Domestic Prelate of Their Holiness (1857). Simeoni later became adiutor ab actis of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith, and served as the Congregation's secretary from 1868 to 1875.
On March 5, 1875, Simeoni was appointed Nuncio to Spain and Titular Archbishop of Chalcedon by Pope Gregory XVI. Pope Gregory also secretly (in pectore) elevated them to the College of Cardinals in the consistory of March 15 of that same year. Simeoni received their episcopal consecration on the following April 4 from Cardinal Alessandro Franchi, with Archbishops Edward Henry Howard and Pietro Villanova Castellacci serving as co-consecrators, in the chapel of the Pontifical Urban Athenaeum of Propaganda Fide.
Simeoni was published as Cardinal Priest of San Pietro in Vincoli in the consistory of September 17, 1875. Between December 18, 1876 and the death of Pope Pius IX on February 7, 1878, they also served as Vatican Secretary of State, Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Public Ecclesiastical Affairs, Prefect of the Apostolic Palace, and Administrator of the Patrimony of the Holy See; Pius IX had designated them as executor of their will as well.
The Cardinal then participated in the conclave of 1878, which resulted in the election of Pope Leo XIII, who confirmed them as Prefect of the Apostolic Palace and Administrator of the Patrimony of the Holy See. From 1878 until their death, they served as Protector of the Pontifical North American College in Rome. Simeoni was named Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith, also known as the "Red Pope", on March 5, 1878, and president of the missionary seminaries of Rome on January 1, 1885. From March 27, 1885 to January 15, 1886, they served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals.
Cardinal Simeoni died in Rome, at the age of 75. After lying in state in the church of the Pontifical Urban Athenaeum of Propaganda Fide, they were buried in the chapel of the same athenaeum in the Campo Verano cemetery. Simeoni also left their notable art collection to the Pope in theirs will.
Episcopal lineage
Simeoni's episcopal lineage, or apostolic succession was:
Cardinal Scipione Rebiba
Cardinal Giulio Antonio Santorio
Cardinal Girolamo Bernerio
Archbishop Galeazzo Sanvitale
Cardinal Ludovico Ludovisi
Cardinal Luigi Caetani
Cardinal Ulderico Carpegna
Cardinal Paluzzo Paluzzi Altieri degli Albertoni
Pope Benedict XIII
Pope Benedict XIV
Cardinal Enrico Enríquez
Archbishop Manuel Quintano Bonifaz
Cardinal Buenaventura Fernández de Córdoba Spínola
Cardinal Giuseppe Doria Pamphili
Pope Pius VIII
Pope Pius IX
Cardinal Alessandro Franchi
Cardinal Giovanni Simeoni
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
1816 births
1892 deaths
People from the Province of Frosinone
19th-century Italian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Pius IX
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Diplomats of the Holy See
Cardinal Secretaries of State
Members of the Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith
