The Eagle Station meteorite is a pallasite and type specimen of the Eagle Station group.
It was found in 1880 close to Eagle Station, Carroll County, Kentucky (United States). The first description was made by George F. Kunz in 1887.
References
See also
Glossary of meteoritics
Achondrite meteorites
Meteorites found in the United States
1880 in Kentucky
Geology of Kentucky
The 1978 Kingston upon Thames Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Kingston upon Thames London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1978
1978 London Borough council elections
Harry Manfredini (born August 25, 1943 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer and jazz soloist, who has scored more than one hundred films, including most of the Friday the 13th series. They have had years of classical training, as well as twenty years in the popular music scene. In conversation with Russian journalist and composer Tony Vilgotsky, Harry Manfredini said that their musical tastes and style were influenced by such composers as Giacomo Puccini, Igor Stravinsky, Maurice Ravel and others.
Filmography
Through the Looking Glass (1976)
Here Come the Tigers (1978)
Manny's Orphans (1978)
Night Flowers (1979)
Danny (1977)
Friday the 13th (1980)
The Children (1980)
Friday the 13th Part 2 (1981)
Swamp Thing (1982)
Friday the 13th Part III (1982)
Spring Break (1983)
Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter (1984)
The Hills Have Eyes Part II (1985)
Friday the 13th: A New Beginning (1985)
House (1985)
Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives (1986)
Slaughter High (1986)
House II: The Second Story (1987)
Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood (1988)
Cameron's Closet (1988)
DeepStar Six (1989)
The Horror Show (1989)
House IV (1992)
Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday (1993)
Amore! (1993)
Wishmaster (1997)
The Omega Code (1999)
Jason X (2001)
Wolves of Wall Street (2002)
The Anna Nicole Smith Story (2007)
House of Usher (2008)
Mrs. Washington Goes to Smith (2009)
Snow White: A Deadly Summer (2012)
A Talking Cat!?! (2013)
Lake Eerie (2016)
Friday the 13th: The Game (2017)
A Chance In The World (2018)
References
External links
1943 births
American film score composers
American jazz composers
American male jazz composers
American people of Italian descent
Gramavision Records artists
Jazz musicians from Illinois
Living people
American male film score composers
Musicians from Chicago
Varèse Sarabande Records artists
Video game composers
John Aglionby (1566 – 6 February 1610) was an English clergyman and academic who was one of the translators of the King James Version of the Bible.
Early life and education
Aglionby was born in Carlisle in 1566, the son of Edward Aglionby and Elizabeth Musgrove, the Aglionbys were an ancient family whose name was originally De Aguilon. After attending the free school in Kendal, they went to Queen's College, Oxford where they matriculated on 13 December 1583, aged 16. They graduated B. A. on 28 June 1587, and M. A. on 1 July 1590 on which date they also became a Fellow. They would subsequently be awarded a B. D on 12 July 1597 and a D. D. on 17 June 1600. In 1595 they were appointed divinity reader at Lincoln's Inn.
Career and death
Between 1599 and 1600, Aglionby travelled abroad and was reported to have met Cardinal Robert Bellarmine. On their return they were made chaplain to Elizabeth I, in which capacity they would also serve James I. They became Principal of St Edmund Hall, Oxford on 4 April 1601. Also in 1601 they became Rector of Bletchingdon in Oxfordshire.
In 1604, Aglionby was appointed to the Second Oxford Company of bible translators, who were tasked with working on the Gospels, Acts of the Apostles, and the Book of Revelation. They replaced the recently deceased Richard Edes. In 1607 they became Rector of Islip, where they died on 6 February 1610 aged 43.  They are buried near the altar of St Nicholas' Church, Islip.
Family
They left behind a widow, Katherine (née Foxcroft), and four children: George, John, Thomas and Katherine. Of these, George Aglionby would later become master of Westminster School and Dean of Canterbury.
References
1566 births
1610 deaths
English chaplains
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
Translators of the King James Version
17th-century English translators
17th-century English Anglican priests
People from Carlisle, Cumbria
Principals of St Edmund Hall, Oxford
Rosenberg Glacier is a steep, heavily crevassed glacier draining the west slopes of the Ames Range between Mount Kosciusko and Mount Boennighausen, in Marie Byrd Land. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Theodore J. Rosenberg, ionospheric physicist at Siple Station, 1970–71.
References
Glaciers of Marie Byrd Land
Ames Range
Buvik is a former municipality in the old Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. Buvik existed from 1855 until 1965. The municipality encompassed the extreme northeastern part of what is now the municipality of Skaun in Trøndelag county. It encompassed the rough area surrounding the Vigda river south of the Gaulosen fjord. The administrative centre was located in the village of Buvika.
History
The municipality was established in 1855 when it split off from the larger municipality of Byneset. Initially, Buvik had a population of 841. During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1964, the Langørgen farm area (population: 11) was merged into the neighboring municipality of Melhus. Then, on 1 January 1965, the rest of Buvik (population: 1,267) was merged with the neighboring municipalities of Børsa and Skaun to form a new, larger municipality of Skaun.
Government
All municipalities in Norway, including Buvik, are responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, unemployment and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads. The municipality is governed by a municipal council of elected representatives, which in turn elects a mayor.
Municipal council
The municipal council of Buvik was made up of representatives that were elected to four year terms. The party breakdown of the final municipal council was as follows:
References
Skaun
Former municipalities of Norway
1855 establishments in Norway
1965 disestablishments in Norway
A double constitutional referendum was held in Uruguay on 27 November 1994 alongside general elections. Voters were asked two questions; whether they approved of two initiatives, one on preventing cuts in pension payments, and one on the proportion of the state budget spent on education. The first question was approved, whilst the second was rejected.
Initiatives
Pension cuts
The pension cuts referendum was initiated by the Association of Retirees through collecting signatures equal to one-tenth of the number of registered voters.
Education budget
The referendum on reserving 27% of the state budget for education was initiated by the Teachers Union by collecting the required number signatures. It would involve amending articles 214, 215 and 220 of the constitution.
Results
Pension cuts
Education budget
References
1994 referendums
1994 in Uruguay
Referendums in Uruguay
Pension referendums
November 1994 events in South America
Güvem, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Stephanie Gannon is a camogie player, Young Player of the Year award winner in 2004. Poc Fada champion that year, and All Ireland club finalist with Athenry in 2009.
Honours
They won National League medals in 2002 and 2005,2005 when they ran the length of the field from goal to take a penalty which was saved. They won the Poc Fada competition in 2004.
References
Living people
Camogie goalkeepers
Galway camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Luftwaffe Field Divisions (German: Luftwaffen-Feld-Divisionen or LwFD) were German military formations during World War II.
History
The divisions were originally authorized in October 1942, following suggestions that the German Army could be bolstered by transferring personnel from other services. The head of the Luftwaffe, Hermann Göring, formulated an alternative plan to raise their own infantry formations under the command of Luftwaffe officers; this was at least partly due to political differences with the Heer. Göring took great pride in the degree of political commitment and indoctrination of Luftwaffe personnel (he went as far as to describe paratroopers of the Luftwaffe as "political soldiers") while the Army was considered (by Nazi standards) too "conservative" (linked to conservative or monarchical traditions and ideals harking back to the Imperial days of the Kaiser).
The plan was approved, and the divisions were raised from 200,000 to 250,000 Luftwaffe ground, support and other excess personnel. They were initially organized with two jäger (light infantry) regiments of three battalions each, along with an artillery battalion and other support units, but were substantially smaller than equivalent Heer divisions, and by Göring's personal order were intended to be restricted to defensive duties in quieter sectors. Most of the units spent much of their existence on the Eastern Front: Luftwaffe Field Divisions were present at actions such as the "Little Stalingrad of the North", the attempt to relieve Velikiye Luki; the attempted defence of Vitebsk during Operation Bagration, and the fighting in the Courland Pocket, though they also fought in other theatres.
The Luftwaffe Field Divisions initially remained under Luftwaffe command, but late in 1943 those that had not already been disbanded were handed over to the Heer and were reorganized as standard infantry divisions with three two-battalion rifle regiments (retaining their numbering, but with Luftwaffe attached to distinguish them from similarly numbered divisions already existing in the Heer) and Army officers.
Until taken over by the Heer (and in many cases for some time afterwards) these units were issued with standard Luftwaffe feldblau uniforms, and being so easily identifiable were said to often be singled out by opposite forces. Their reputation as combat troops was poor, despite the high standard of Luftwaffe recruits, at least in part from being required to perform roles (ground warfare) for which they as airmen usually had little training. An exception to the poor combat performance of Luftwaffe ground troops were fallschirmjäger (paratrooper) units, whose performance was generally good, due to better training and higher entrance standards when compared to the Field Divisions (early fallschirmjäger troops were also transferred directly from the Heer to the Luftwaffe). Field Division airmen were frequently used for rear echelon duties to free up front line troops.
Divisions
1st Luftwaffe Field Division
2nd Luftwaffe Field Division - At the Battle of Nevel (1943), the Soviet assault force struck and demolished the 2nd Luftwaffe Field Division. Like all the Luftwaffe "divisions" the 2nd was in fact the size of a brigade, with only four infantry battalions and was especially weak in artillery with just eight 75 mm mountain guns and a battery of Stug IIIs. It had been badly damaged in its first action south of Belyi during Operation Mars nearly a year earlier.
3rd Luftwaffe Field Division
4th Luftwaffe Field Division
5th Luftwaffe Field Division
6th Luftwaffe Field Division
7th Luftwaffe Field Division
8th Luftwaffe Field Division
9th Luftwaffe Field Division
10th Luftwaffe Field Division
11th Luftwaffe Field Division
12th Luftwaffe Field Division
13th Luftwaffe Field Division
14th Luftwaffe Field Division
15th Luftwaffe Field Division
16th Luftwaffe Field Division
Eventually transferred to the Heer as 16th Luftwaffe Infantry Division (later 16th Volksgrenadier Division)
17th Luftwaffe Field Division
18th Luftwaffe Field Division
19th Luftwaffe Field Division (later 19th Luftwaffe Sturm Division)
Eventually transferred to the Heer as 19th Grenadier Division (later 19th Volksgrenadier Division)
20th Luftwaffe Field Division (later 20th Luftwaffe Sturm Division)
21st Luftwaffe Field Division (previously the Meindl Division, an ad hoc collection of Luftwaffe resources)
22nd Luftwaffe Field Division - never formed, its sub-units were assigned to other divisions.
Luftwaffe Field Corps
I Luftwaffe Field Corps, planned winter 1942–1943 on the basis of the XIII. Fliegerkorps, but never really established.
II Luftwaffe Field Corps, Oktober 1942 - 1 November 1943 : 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 6th Luftwaffe Field Division (Alfred Schlemm)
III Luftwaffe Field Corps, January 1943 - November 1943 : 9th and 10th Luftwaffe Field Division (Job Odebrecht)
IV Luftwaffe Field Corps, January 1943 - 19 November 1944 : 198th, 716th and 189th Infantry Division (Erich Petersen)
See also
1st Fallschirm-Panzer Division Hermann Göring
Fallschirm-Panzergrenadier Division 2 Hermann Göring
List of German divisions in World War II
Wehrmacht
References
Ruffner, Kevin. Luftwaffe Field Divisions, 1941–45, Osprey, 1997,
External links
Luftwaffe Field Divisions 1941-45 By Kevin Conley Ruffner
Hermann Göring
1942 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
Military units and formations established in 1942
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Field Division
The Mixed synchronized 3-metre springboard competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 29 June 2022.
Results
The event was started at 19:00.
References
Mixed synchronized 3-metre springboard
Ruset Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1453 m in the southeast part of Petvar Heights, southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and overlooking Carey Glacier to the west, Divdyadovo Glacier to the north, and Rutford Ice Stream to the east.
The peak is named after the Bulgarian cartographer Aleksandar Ruset (1810–1861).
Location
Ruset Peak is located at , which is 8.6 km east of Miller Peak, 8.1 km south of Long Peak and 2.52 km north of Malkoch Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Ruset Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Ruset Peak. Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The Zittau Reichstag constituency was constituency No. 1 in the Kingdom of Saxony which returned a deputy to the German Reichstag. It is based upon the town of Zittau.
Following the North German Confederation Treaty the Kingdom of Saxon entered the North German Confederation in 1866. As a consequence, the Kingdom returned Deputies to the Reichstag. After the founding of the German Empire on 18 January 1871, the deputies were returned to the Reichstag of the German Empire. Following this Saxony participated in Reichstag elections from February 1867. Zittau returned a series of Reichstag Deputies until 1919 when the existing constituencies were scrapped.
The deputies elected for Zittau were as follows:
References
Reichstag constituencies in the Kingdom of Saxony
Former subdivisions of Germany
Doymuş, Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
J. Christopher Burch (born March 28, 1953) is the founder and CEO of Burch Creative Capital, a firm based in New York City that manages venture investments and brand development, and co-founder of Tory Burch LLC. They became a billionaire in 2012, with Forbes magazine's profile of them in its annual The World's Billionaires stating that the 2012 valuation of Burch's majority stake in C. Wonder pushed their net worth over the ten figure mark. In addition to their personal investments, they were an investor with Guggenheim Partners.
Early life
Burch was raised in Wayne, Pennsylvania, in a middle-class family. Their mother Robin Sinkler, an Episcopalian, was from a Philadelphia Main Line family and their father, John Walter Burch, a Roman Catholic, was one of 10 children born to a middle-class Baltimore family. Their father owned a distributor of mining equipment and supplies. Burch attended Tilton School, an independent college preparatory school in Tilton, New Hampshire. They graduated from Tilton in 1972, and later attended Ithaca College.
Career
Fashion industry
In 1976, while an undergraduate at Ithaca College, Burch and their brother Robert started Eagle's Eye apparel with a $2,000 investment, buying sweaters for $10 each and selling them for $15. Burch decided to find a factory to produce a new brand of "preppy" sweaters so that they could sell them door-to-door on campus. Their operation soon expanded to other campuses, and, eventually, to retail stores. Over the next decade, the company expanded to $140 million in sales and a national distribution footprint, including more than 50 of its own retail stores. The company was partially sold to Swire Group, in 1989, and entirely, in 1998 in a deal that valued the brand at $60 million.
In 2004, Burch helped their then wife to launch the Tory Burch fashion label, and served as co-Chairman of the company. They also owned 28.3%, selling half of it in December 2012, as the company was estimated to be worth $3.5 billion. They then established J. Christopher Capital LLC in 2008, later renamed Burch Creative Capital. The company was developed to incubate their new brands and to manage their investments. In 2011, they launched C. Wonder, an apparel, accessories and home decor retailer. In July 2015 the C. Wonder brand was purchased by Xcel Brands.
Real estate
In 2004, Burch partnered with architect Philippe Starck and hotelier Alan Faena to develop the Faena Hotel+Universe in Buenos Aires. The investment into the building, first built in 1902 as a grain storage facility, was in excess of $100 million. In 2014 they once again invested in the real estate developer's projects after purchasing a condo in Faena House, a South Beach development.
In 2005, Burch purchased a luxury home in Southampton, New York for $14 million, and sold the home for $25 million four months later after renovating the property. Burch then founded J.B. Christopher, a supplier of construction materials to real estate developers, in 2006. In 2011, Burch and their partner Austin Hearst completed the development of a $19 million luxury home developments in Nantucket, Massachusetts. In 2012 they acquired a townhouse in the West Village for $11 million after they had been previously renting it. They subsequently undertook a renovation project that was left unfinished before the property was once again put on the market.
In 2013, Burch purchased the Nihiwatu resort on the island of Sumba, a 27 villa estate resort near Bali.
Other investments
In 1993, Burch was a producer for the feature-length romantic comedy film Watch It, directed by Tom Flynn, which received a favorable review from the New York Times. They were one of the earliest investors in the Internet IPO for Internet Capital Group, and has made several investments in telecommunications, including Aliph and Powermat. They were also an investor in the online office retailer Poppin. In a partnership with James McBride, they acquired Nihiwatu Resort on the Indonesian island of Sumba in 2013. After a $30 million investment, the pair opened the resort in 2015 under the name Nihi. In 2014, they invested in BaubleBar, leading an investment round of $10 million. That year they also partnered with Ellen DeGeneres to launch their lifestyles collection E.D.
Personal life
In 1982, Burch married Susan Cole in an Episcopal ceremony. They had three children, all daughters: Alexandra "Pookie" (b. 1985), Elizabeth "Izzie" (b. 1986), and Louisa "Weezie" (b. 1989). In 1996, they married the fashion designer Tory Robinson with whom they had three children, all sons: twins Henry and Nicholas (b. 1997) and Sawyer (b. 2001). They divorced in 2006.
Burch was on the board of the Rothman Institute Orthopedic Foundation.  They are a past president of The Pierre Hotel Co-op Board, and a past board member of Guggenheim Partners, and The Continuum Group. In 2013, Burch donated $1.3 million to their alma mater, Tilton School, and was on the school's Board of Trustees from 1982-1985.
References
External links
Burch Creative Capital
Nihiwatu Resort
American venture capitalists
Living people
1953 births
American Episcopalians
American billionaires
Ithaca College alumni
People from Greenwich Village
People from Delaware County, Pennsylvania
People named in the Paradise Papers
Grace E. Goodell is a retired professor of International Development at The Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington, DC. Goodell received their Ph.D. in anthropology from Columbia University, where they studied under Conrad Arensberg. They have been a visiting scholar at the Australian National University and at the Harvard Institute for International Development, a fellow in law and development at the Harvard Law School, and a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. Goodell was previously the Director of the Program on Social Change and Development at Johns Hopkins; this program had an approach to grassroots development that was unique among all renowned graduate level foreign affairs schools in the United States. During their tenure they started the Heartland Center for Leadership Development, a community development leadership training program for inner-city Washington, D.C.
Them principal work was The elementary structures of political life : rural development in Pahlavi Iran, Oxford University Press, 1966; according to WorldCat, it is held in 302 libraries
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Columbia University alumni
Harvard University staff
Harvard Institute for International Development
Diou is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 137 square kilometers and includes 3 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 6,003. The village of Diou, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 24 km west of Kadiolo.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Sally Quinlan (born May 20, 1961) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.
Quinlan was runner-up in the 1983 U.S. Women's Amateur. They won once on the LPGA Tour in 1984.
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins (1)
References
External links
American female golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
University of Miami alumni
1961 births
Living people
21st-century American women
Suryakant Dhasmana (born 5 February 1964 in Dehradun) is an Indian politician.  They are Vice President of Uttrakhand Pradesh Congress. Theirs was educated at St. Joseph Academy, Dehradun. They graduated from DBS College, Dehradun with post graduation from DAV (PG) College, Dehradun.
Dhasmana was a candidate of Indian National Congress from Dehradun Cantonment Constituency in the 2017 Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly election. They were the chairperson of Vinod Bharatwal Committee which led the plan of making of the state of Uttarakhand, and their recommendations played important role in formation of Uttarakhand.
Electoral Performances
See also
Charanjeet Kaushal
References
SURYA KANT DHASMANA(Nationalist Congress Party(NCP)):Constituency- Lansdowne (Pauri Garhwal ) - Affidavit Information of Candidate:
Suryakant Dhasmana- The Latest News on Suryakant Dhasmana | Read Breaking News on Zee News
News, Breaking News, The Latest News, News Headlines, Live News, Today News CNN
Dhasmana is State Policy and Planning Group chairperson
उत्तराखंड: कांग्रेस उपाध्यक्ष को CBI कोर्ट में पेश होने के आदेश
Vuabai9 - game nổ hũ, quay hũ uy tín nhất 2022 - VB9
The Tribune, Chandigarh, India - Dehradun Plus
The Tribune, Chandigarh, India - Dehradun Plus
External links
1964 births
Living people
20th-century Indian politicians
Indian National Congress politicians from Uttarakhand
Nationalist Congress Party politicians
Lok Dal politicians
Samajwadi Party politicians
The 2012 Tokyo gubernatorial election took place on December 16, 2012, which was held on the same day as the general election.
Background
After long-term Governor Shintaro Ishihara suddenly resigned to return to national politics ahead of the then-looming next general election. A field of nine candidates emerged, with the front-runner being Naoki Inose, who had been vice-governor under Ishihara from 2007 to 2012, and then acting governor after Ishihara's abrupt resignation. Inose vowed to follow Ishihara's policies.
Candidates
Mac Akasaka (real name: Makoto Tonami) - Therapist, activist, perennial candidate. Founder and leader of the Smile Party.
Masaichi Igarashi - Member of the board of directors of an international exchange body.
Naoki Inose - Journalist, historian, social critic. Then vice-governor of Tokyo and acting governor.
Shigefumi Matsuzawa - Former governor of Kanagawa Prefecture.
Yoshiro Nakamatsu (Dr. NakaMats)- Inventor, perennial candidate.
Takashi Sasagawa - Former LDP General Council Chairman.
Tokuma Suginomori (TOKMA) - Rock musician. Director of the Happiness Realization Party's youth division.
Kenji Utsunomiya - Lawyer. Former head of the Japan Federation of Bar Associations from 2010 to 2012.
Shigenobu Yoshida - Former Japanese ambassador to Nepal.
Campaign
Information campaign for the polls was administered by the Tokyo Metropolitan Election Administration Commission. AKB48's Minami Takahashi, Tomomi Itano and Yui Yokoyama (also of NMB48) were appointed as image characters.
Result
The result was a landslide victory for Inose, who received 4,338,936 votes, setting a new record for the total number of votes in a Tokyo gubernatorial election. The previous record was 3.61 million casts for the socialist Governor Ryokichi Minobe in 1971.
References
2012
December 2012 events in Japan
2012 in Tokyo
2012 elections in Japan
Pharyngodonidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Oxyurida.
Genera
Genera:
Alaeuris Tharpar, 1925
Ataronema Hasegawa, 2005
Batracholandros Freitas & Ibáñez, 1965
References
Nematodes
Serhiy Oleksandrovych Semenov (; born 28 July 1988 in Chernihiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian biathlete.  They are first Ukrainian male biathlete to win a World Cup title in a single discipline, having become World Cup champion in the individual in the 2014–15 season.  They are two-time World Championships medalist.
Career
Their first international competition was 2005 Junior Worlds but they participated only in individual race where they were 38th. They missed next season returning in 2007. In Martell they had much better achievements than previously. Next two years they mainly participated in junior competitions and only once in IBU Cup. The most successful competition in their early career was 2009 European championships in Ufa, Russia, where they won silver in individual race and was 4th in sprint and pursuit.
They debuted in World Cup in 2009-10 season. On December 17, 2009, they were just 50th in individual in Pokljuka, Slovenia. After few days they finished 19th in sprint and 21st in pursuit. They also took part in two sprints in Oberhof (16th) and Antholz-Anterselva (13th). Due to such good results they got a place in national team for 2010 Winter Olympics. At those Games their best result was 33rd in sprint. They didn't manage to get a place in relay team.
2010–11 season was marked with mixed relay podium in Pokljuka and World Championships. The first ever World Championships medal was won at 2011 Worlds in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia, when Ukrainian men's rely on team (Semenov together with Deryzemlya, Sednev and Bilanenko) unexpectedly won bronze. It was also Serhiy's debut at these competitions. At 2011 Winter Universiade they won two gold and one silver medal. Semenov also won a silver medal at 2012, one gold at 2013 and two silver medals at 2015 European championships.
On March 7, 2013, they had their first World Cup podium in individual in Sochi, Russia. In 2014 together with Valj Semerenko they won World Team Challenge. They became second Ukrainian pair to win these competitions after Andriy Deryzemlya and Oksana Khvostenko won in 2008.
Semenov participated at 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. Their best personal finish was 9th in individual race.
In 2014–15 season they won Small World Cup in individual races. That season they were 2nd in Östersund, 3rd in Holmenkollen and 5th at Worlds in Kontiolahti. Their shooting statistics in individual races was 96,7% (58/60). Semenov later stated in a TV-interview that individual isn't their favourite discipline but still they show the best results in individual races. That season they also had one mixed relay podium.
Serhiy won bronze medal in sprint at 2016 World Championships.
They qualified to represent Ukraine at the 2018 Winter Olympics. Due to poor physical conditions and illnesses they didn't show good results being just 46th in sprint.
Career results
Winter Olympics
World Championships
World Cup
Individual podiums
Relay podiums
Rankings
References
External links
Profile on biathlon.com.ua
Profile and Statistics
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chernihiv
Ukrainian male biathletes
Biathletes at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Olympic biathletes of Ukraine
Biathlon World Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in biathlon
Universiade gold medalists for Ukraine
Universiade silver medalists for Ukraine
Universiade bronze medalists for Ukraine
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Minttu (Finnish for "mint") is a Finnish brand of peppermint-flavoured liqueur produced by Pernod Ricard. A characteristic ingredient of the liqueur is peppermint, to give a fresh taste and aroma.
History
Minttu was originally developed by Chymos based on an idea from Finnish national alcohol retailer Alko. Alko had obtained a sample batch of American peppermint liqueur at a trade fair in Italy in 1986. The American developers had had an idea for a new, unique and exotic product, and wished to develop it in the Nordic countries, which were seen by them as a cold, far-away place. The Americans wanted the beverage to be clear in colour and have the word "schnapps" in its name. The alcohol content of the beverage had to be 100 proof, meaning 50 percent. Thus the new product would stand out among the peppermint liqueurs on the market. Alko was not interested, but it offered the production company Chymos the possibility to develop a beverage suited to the Finnish taste, while also meeting the American objectives.
American market
The new product was developed quickly and presented to the American developers, who accepted it. The engineers at Chymos wanted a round bottle, which would have been efficient to produce, but the marketing department aimed at something more special: Minttu was packaged in a rectangular bottle called a "piece of plank". The surface of the bottle was designed with a connotation of ice, to give an image of the cold Nordic countries. The label was designed by Chymos's graphic artist Aimo Vuorinen.
The first setback came when the first shipload of Minttu arrived in the United States. Part of the cargo was clear as intended, but the remainder had been coloured yellow during manufacture. Chymos received crushing negative feedback, and cooperation with the American developers ended. The Americans sold off the yellow-coloured batch, at a higher price, untruthfully claiming that the yellow liqueur was of an "older vintage" and thus more expensive.
The reason for the yellow colour was revealed by laboratory experiments to have been the use of iron-rich water from Lappeenranta. The problem was solved when Chymos started using distilled water.
European market
Minttu next targeted tax-free areas in Europe in both Germany and Austria, especially in the area around the Alps. Marketing of the beverage especially targeted skiing centres. The sales were helped by the strong alcohol content and the fact that the alcohol was not noticeable due to the peppermint taste. There was a jocular saying that drinking Minttu refreshed one's breath and made one's behaviour polite.
Finnish market
Minttu entered the Finnish market in the early 1990s, and its reputation elsewhere in Europe helped boost its sales from the start. This caused problems in production, as the bottling capacity for the "piece of plank" was limited. At the most intense phase, bottling Minttu required work in two, and sometimes even three, shifts per day. It was also suggested that the rectangular bottle be replaced with a round one as originally desired by the development engineers, but the marketing department did not agree.
In 1993 salty liquorice liqueur Salmiakki Koskenkorva became a competitor for Minttu, but not a major one, as the consumer targets were different. Press stories appeared about problems with young drinkers and heart disease patients because of the common effect of alcohol and the ammonium chloride in salty liquorice. Salmiakki Koskenkorva was briefly withdrawn from the market. There was also pressure on Minttu sales for the same reasons. Alko decided to continue selling Minttu, but lowered its alcohol content from 50 to 40 percent. At the same time, the word "schnapps" on the label was replaced with "liqueur". This caused sales of Minttu to drop and the beverage came into the category of "normal alcoholic drinks". Later sales of Minttu concentrated on skiing centres also in Finland.
Later phases
In 2009, production of Minttu moved to Pernod Ricard, which has since been developing the product family. The packaging has also been renewed by replacing the frosted ice design of the bottle with a smooth bottle.
The Minttu core product line now includes six different versions: Minttu Peppermint, Minttu Choco, Minttu Black with a salty liquorice flavour, Minttu Peach, Minttu Cool Mint Choco with a chocolate milk flavour and the limited edition Minttu Cookies & Cream. The Minttu Twist product line includes five versions with less alcohol and more flavour: Minttu Twist Bubble Gum, Minttu Twist Polka, Minttu Twist Karamel with a caramel flavour, Minttu Twist Cinnamon Bun and Minttu Twist Cool Banana.
Minttu has established its position both in the Nordic countries and in the Baltic countries. In Finland, Minttu Peppermint has been one of Alko's best selling products for as long as Alko has been keeping records. In 2013 the beverage was at position 13 in the category "other strong drinks".
References
Finnish liqueurs
Dance Band on the Titanic is a collection of speculative fiction short stories by American writer Jack L. Chalker. It was first published in paperback by Del Rey Books in July 1988.
Summary
The book collects seven works of short fiction, two original to the collection, together with an introduction and few nonfiction pieces by the author. It gathers together the majority of their short fiction, Chalker being primarily a novelist.
Contents
"Introduction: The Writing Game"
"No Hiding Place" (from Stellar #3, October 1977)
"Where Do You Get Those Crazy Ideas?"
"Forty Days and Nights in the Wilderness" (from Analog Science Fiction/Science Fact, v. 98, no. 7, July 1978)
"Dance Band on the Titanic" (from Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine, v. 2, no. 4, July/August 1978)
"Stormsong Runner" (from Whispers II, August 1979)
"In the Dowaii Chambers" (from The John W. Campbell Awards, Volume 5, January 1984)
"Adrift Among the Ghosts"
"Moths and Candle"
"Afterwords: On Transformations and Other Last Words"
"The Official Jack L. Chalker Handout Bibliography"
"Brief Biographical Notes for the Interested"
AwardsDance Band on the Titanic placed twelfth in the 1989 Locus Poll Award for Best Collection.
Reception
The collection was reviewed by Don D'Ammassa in Science Fiction Chronicle v. 9, no. 11 (issue #107), August 1988, and Edward Bryant in Rod Serling's The Twilight Zone Magazine'' v. 8, no. 6, February 1989.
References
1988 short story collections
Science fiction short story collections
Del Rey books
The Archbishop of Dublin is a senior bishop in the Church of Ireland, second only to the Archbishop of Armagh. The archbishop is the diocesan bishop of the United Dioceses of Dublin and Glendalough and the metropolitan bishop of the Province of Dublin, which covers the southern half of Ireland, and they are styled Primate of Ireland (the Archbishop of Armagh is the "Primate of All Ireland").
The archbishop's throne (cathedra) is in Christ Church Cathedral in central Dublin. The incumbent, from 11 May 2011, is Michael Jackson who signs as +Michael DUBLIN.
History
The Dublin area was Christian long before Dublin had a distinct diocese. The remains and memory of monasteries famous before that time, at Finglas, Glasnevin, Glendalough, Kilnamanagh, Rathmichael, Swords, Tallaght, among others, are witness to the faith of earlier generations and to a flourishing Church life in their time. Following a reverted conversion by one Norse King of Dublin, Sitric, their son Godfrey became Christian in 943 and the Kingdom of Dublin first sought to have a bishop of their own in the 11th century under Sitric MacAulaf, who had been on pilgrimage to Rome. They sent their chosen candidate, Donat (or Donagh or Donatus), to be consecrated in Canterbury in 1038 and the new prelate set up the Diocese of Dublin as a small territory within the walled city. The Bishop of Dublin answered to the Archbishop of Canterbury and did not attend councils of the Irish Church. Tallaght Castle was used as an official residence from the mid-15th until the early 19th century.
The Archbishop was in union with Rome until the 16th century. Following the death of John Alen, Henry VIII put pressure on the Chapters of Dublin's cathedrals, who elected (January 1536) an Archbishop of their choice, George Browne. Browne was consecrated by Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, at Lambeth.
The Diocese of Kildare was united to Archdiocese of Dublin in 1846. Prior to the disestablishment of the Church of Ireland in 1871, the Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin was entitled to sit in the House of Lords as a Lord Spiritual, along with the other Archbishops in rotation. In 1976, the Diocese of Kildare was removed from union with Dublin and placed in union with Diocese of Meath. See Primate of Ireland for a discussion of the roles and status of the Archbishops of Dublin and Armagh and their functions as Primates.
Cathedrals
Since the Middle Ages, the seat of the Archbishop of Dublin has been Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, although for many centuries, it shared this status with St. Patrick's Cathedral. See those articles for details of the role of the Archbishop with respect to each.
See also
Archbishop of Dublin, which lists of pre- and post-Reformation archbishops
Notes and references
Sources
New York, 1909: The Catholic Encyclopedia; Robert Appleton Company
External links
Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin
Primates in the Anglican Communion
Anglican episcopal offices
Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough
A subglacial meltwater channel is a channel beneath an ice mass, such as ice sheets and valley glaciers, roughly parallel to the main ice flow direction. These meltwater channels can have different sizes, ranging from very small channels of a metre deep and wide to big valleys which can be up to a kilometre wide. The dimensions of these channels are regulated by several factors: water temperature, meltwater volume, debris content in the water, ice wall closure rates (governed by the ice thickness) and squeezing of fluidized sediment.
In the glaciological literature three forms of subglacial meltwater channels are commonly mentioned.
R-channels
The first type of channel is the R-channel after Hans Röthlisberger who initiated work on water pressures in tubes under glaciers. These are semi-circular channels cut upward into the ice. The balance between channel enlargement by viscous heating and closure by ice deformation when the channels are water-filled reflects their size and water pressure. They stated the equation
where is the discharge, and the same as in Glens's Flow Law, is the steady state pressure, is the initial pressure, and is the distance upstream.
H-channels
The second type mentioned are H-channels, after Roger Hooke. These channels are similar to R channels, cut upward into the ice that tends to follow the local bed slope but are broad and flatter than R channels. Such channels form where water flows at atmospheric pressure beneath thin ice and on steep downglacier bedslopes.
N-channels
The final type, the N-channel (after John Nye), are those incised into bedrock, perhaps suggesting long-term channel stability under some glaciers.
References
Glaciology
This is a list of public art in Millbank, a district in the City of Westminster, London.
Millbank is the location of Tate Britain and the Chelsea College of Arts; the latter institution's Rootstein Hopkins Parade Ground is a large temporary exhibition space for the work of students and established artists.
References
Bibliography
Millbank
Public art
Arkoudilas is a village in Lefkimmi, Greece. Most famous monument of the location is its monastery.
The Monastery of Arkoudilas
In the southern part of Corfu next to cape Asprokavos, a gravel road goes beyond the Cavos community, two kilometers further exists the hill of Panagia (Mother of Jesus) of Arkoudilas. From atop the hill the whole area around Cavos and even the island of Paxos is visible. Golden sandy beaches dot the coast to the northwest.
Arkoudilas woods is approximately 250 acres full of cypresses, strawberry trees and other vegetation. Through the woods and on the top of the hill one can see the Panagia of Arkoudilas. The Catholic monastery was built in the 1700s according to the carved crest at the bell tower, which is actually the entrance.
On the right side of the bell tower, visitors can see a wall whereas on the left side can see a form of fortress-like battlements.
As expanding the building we can see a two-story building named DURIS, probably from the English word TOR which means tower.
The tower was actually a form of monastery's fortressing against the pirates and other attackers.
The upper part of DURI was, according to its construction, a place of residence for the owners or the monks. This is evidenced by a fireplace through an indoor stone staircase via a wooden catapult with ropes and reels which protected the monks or the owners from attacks.
The lower portion was used as a storage for goods such as wine and olive oil. The eastern part of the tower next to the fireplace there once contained a tunnel which led to the beach. The tunnel existed in order to protect people from any potential attacks.
Today, after the building was demolished exists a two-storey building from the northwest part with a both sided stair (Mpotso) which was the main entrance.
The building was once used to host the people who attended the festivals and the owners during the 15th of August. The honoring of Mother Marys' death.
The monastery at its peak used to have festival goers on horses with clothes designed and prepared at the argalios.
Villages in Greece
The 2012–13 Morelia season was the 66th professional season of Mexico's top-flight football league. The season is split into two tournaments—the Torneo Apertura and the Torneo Clausura—each with identical formats and each contested by the same eighteen teams. Morelia began their season on July 21, 2012, against Cruz Azul, Morelia played most of their homes games on Fridays at 9:30 local time. Morelia was eliminated in the quarter-finals by América and Cruz Azul in the Apertura and Clausura tournaments respectively.
Torneo Apertura
Squad
Regular season
Apertura 2012 results
Final phase
América advanced 3–2 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source:
Final Phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Apertura 2012 Copa MX
Group stage
Apertura results
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
Torneo Clausura
Squad
Regular season
Clausura 2013 results
Final phase
Cruz Azul advanced 4–3 on aggregate
Goalscorers
Regular season
Source:
Final phase
Results
Results summary
Results by round
Clausura 2013 Copa MX
Group stage
Clausura results
Goalscorers
Results
Results by round
References
Mexican football clubs 2012–13 season
Ay María qué puntería! () is a Mexican sitcom, from Televisa. It centers on the adventures of an indigenous Mexican woman named La India María, who works as a maid in Mexico City.
Synopsis
When indigenous orange seller María Nicolasa Cruz is chased by a government inspector they cross paths with an aspiring television producer and their crew.  They are offered a maiden job and is soon involved in many of their projects, which results in various comedic adventures and great outcomes for all of them.
Cast
María Elena Velasco as María Nicolasa Cruz
Carlos Gastelum as Estéban Spilman
Rubén Cerda as Roque
Ernesto Pape as Michel Lavalle
Adrían Ramos as Sócrates Casiomero
Adriana del Río as Ana María Chamorro Bueno, "Anilú"
Aideé Gracia as Doña Macarena
Alejandro Márquez as Chilango
References
External links
Mexican television sitcoms
Aleks may refer to:
Aleks (given name)
ALEKS, online tutoring and assessment program
Aleks (footballer) (born 1991), Brazilian football goalkeeper
See also
Alex (disambiguation)
Alexander (disambiguation)
Aleksa (disambiguation)
Alek (disambiguation)
Kevin Longbottom (23 December 1940 – 13 January 1986) was an Aboriginal Australian professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s. Longbottom was known by the nickname "Lummy" and was renowned for their long-range goal kicking, sometimes even kicking goals from further than the halfway line. A large, barrel-chested man, they won a premiership with the South Sydney Rabbitohs in 1967, and played on the 1965 team that were runners-up. They played Fullback for most of their career.
Longbottom initially forced their way into first grade when full-back Darrel Chapman became injured. They kicked a conversion in South Sydney's win over Canterbury in the 1967 Grand final that should have resulted in a 14–10 win. Their three long range penalty goals in the 1965 Grand Final are still regarded as possibly the longest kicks ever attempted at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
Longbottom was a fine golfer, but is better remembered as a famous caddie to many professional golfers including Bruce Devlin, Bob Shearer and American Tommy Bolt.
Longbottom died from cancer in 1986 at the age of 45.
References
Rugby league players from Sydney
South Sydney Rabbitohs players
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
Rugby league fullbacks
1940 births
1986 deaths
Lukanin (masculine, ) or Lukanina (feminine, ) is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adelaida Lukanina (1843–1908), Russian physician and chemist
Igor Lukanin (born 1976), Azerbaijani ice dancer
Ninel Lukanina, Russian Soviet volleyball player
Russian-language surnames
John Joseph Slater Jr. (November 25, 1925 – July 17, 1998) was an American lawyer and politician who served as mayor of Chelsea, Massachusetts and as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Early life
Slater was born on November 27, 1925 in Chelsea. During World War II they were a radio operator for the United States Navy in the Pacific theater. Slater graduated from Boston College and Boston College Law School.
Political career
From 1960 to 1963, Slater was a member of the Chelsea board of aldermen. From 1964 to 1969 they were the mayor of Chelsea. They then represented the 16th Suffolk district in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1969 to 1971.
During the administration of mayor Kevin White, Slater served as the assistant corporation counsel for the City of Boston. They then served as assistant counsel to the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
Personal life and death
They were married to Natalie M. Fothergill and together they had six children. One of their children, John J. Slater III is also a lawyer.
Slater died on July 17, 1998 of pancreatic cancer at Massachusetts General Hospital.
References
1925 births
1998 deaths
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Boston College alumni
Boston College Law School alumni
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Massachusetts Democrats
Massachusetts lawyers
Mayors of Chelsea, Massachusetts
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
Boğazcık is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Research in Gerontological Nursing is a monthly peer-reviewed nursing journal covering gerontological nursing. It was established in 2008 and is published by Healio.
History
The journal was established as a quarterly journal in 2008 with Kathleen Buckwalter as founding editor-in-chief. They served until 2012, when they were succeeded by Christine R. Kovach.
In 2014, the journal increased its publication frequency from four issues per year to six.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 0.855.
See also
List of nursing journals
References
External links
Monthly journals
English-language journals
Gerontological nursing journals
Bimonthly journals
Jesse Shanahan is an American disability activist and AI researcher born in 1991. They co-founded the American Astronomical Society's Working Group on Accessibility and Disability.
Education and research
Shanahan was an Echols Scholar at the University of Virginia, where they studied Arabic linguistics and philosophy.
Later in their undergraduate education, they switched to astrophysics and decided to pursue graduate school. They spent two years at Wesleyan University before leaving the program due to their health and ongoing harassment. They conducted research in astrophysics, working with Brooke Simmons at the University of California, San Diego and Chris Lintott of Zooniverse. Them main research focused on the spectroscopic signatures of active galactic nuclei and their host galaxies. Between 2018 and 2021 they worked as a data scientist at Booz Allen Hamilton, specializing in humanitarian applications of artificial intelligence and ethics, and since July 2021 they work as a Machine Learning Developer at Peltarion, where they conduct research on AI ethics and bias in natural language processing.
Disability
Shanahan has Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, a genetic connective tissue disease that causes pain and impacts their ability to move.
They were interviewed by the Science History Institute as part of their oral history project related to disabled scientists.
Writing
Shanahan contributes to Forbes, writing about linguistics and astrophysics, and on their personal Medium page. Them social media posts are sometimes included in articles about disability or ableism. Shanahan created the hashtag "#DisabledAndSTEM" which is used to discuss experiences with disability in science.
References
Scientists with disabilities
21st-century American women scientists
American astrophysicists
Disability rights activists from the United States
Living people
People with Ehlers–Danlos syndrome
Women astrophysicists
Artificial intelligence ethicists
Women data scientists
University of Virginia alumni
Wesleyan University alumni
1991 births
Olga Georges-Picot (6 January 1940 – 19 June 1997) was a French actor. They were a great-niece of François Georges-Picot.
Early life
Born in Shanghai, in Japanese-occupied China, they were the daughter of Guillaume Georges-Picot, the French Ambassador to China, and a Russian mother, Anastasia Mironovich. They attended the International School in Geneva in the early fifties with their sister. They also attended the Lycée français de New York (Class of 1958). They studied acting at the Actors Studio in Paris.
Career
Them acting career included roles in French and English films, and on television. They were featured in Playboy Magazine's "Sex in Cinema" column, and also on the front cover of the periodical Adam.
They appeared in three mainstream films: Denise, the OAS mole, in The Day of the Jackal (1973); Countess Alexandrovna in Woody Allen's Love and Death (1975); and Julie Anderson in Basil Dearden's The Man Who Haunted Himself (1970). Them break-through role in the movies was as Catrine in the Alain Resnais's film Je t'aime, je t'aime (1968). Earlier that year, they had appeared in the French television movie Thibaud the Crusader (1968).
Death
On Thursday 19 June 1997, they jumped to their death from the 5th floor of an apartment building in Paris, France.
Filmography
References
External links
Report
1940 births
1997 deaths
Suicides by jumping in France
French film actores
French people of Russian descent
20th-century French actores
French television actores
Actresses from Shanghai
Lycée Français de New York alumni
1997 suicides
Laughlin Hudson Holliday (born September 24, 1944) is a two-star General from Poplarville, Mississippi. Holliday is currently serving as a Pearl River County Supervisor, and has announced their candidacy for the office of Governor of Mississippi.
Education
They graduated from Poplarville public schools, Pearl River Community College and University of Southern Mississippi with a degree in Business Administration. In 1995, they graduated from the U. S. Army War College and in 2005 was inducted into the Fort Benning, Georgia Officer Candidate School (OCS) Hall of Fame.
Career
Hudson worked in the oil fields and mechanic shops during the summer while in college, and since graduating has been involved in a wide variety of jobs in farming, timber harvesting, home building, heavy construction, law enforcement, real estate development, soldiering, and even crop dusting with an airplane. Upon completing basic training in the Mississippi Army National Guard, they worked for the Boeing Company on the Saturn Project, starting as a methods analyst and rising to be the administrative assistant to the manager of Industrial Engineering/Production Control. When the Saturn program ended, they enrolled in OCS at Fort Benning, Georgia, graduating as a 2nd Lt. Today, besides being a county supervisor, they are involved in the restoration of our wetlands.
Personal
They and their wife, have three children and two grandchildren. They are members of the United Methodist Church. Holliday's Interests include government, restoring old cars, flying airplanes, and riding motorcycles.
References
External links
Hudson Holliday Official Website
Hudson Holliday Official Twitter Page
1944 births
Living people
County supervisors in Mississippi
People from Poplarville, Mississippi
Mississippi Republicans
University of Southern Mississippi alumni
United States Army War College alumni
Stonyhurst College as a school dates back to 1593 when its antecedent, the Jesuit College at St Omer, was founded in Flanders to educate English Catholics. The history of the present school buildings dates as far back as 1200 AD.
Stonyhurst Hall
The earliest deed concerning the "Stanihurst" dates from 1200 AD and can now be found in the Arundell Library in the college, whilst the earliest evidence of a building on the site is from 1372 when John de Bayley was licensed to have an oratory there; the archway in the Bayley Room, within the 'Blind Tower', is believed to date from the fourteenth century, and may well be the only remnant of that earlier building. The oldest portion of the extant buildings however, the Shireburn Mansion (Stonyhurst Hall), was founded by the Roman Catholic, Richard Shireburn, a descendant of the Bayley family, whose son attended the College at St Omer. They built the gatehouse and open cupolas (known as "the towers") on top of an older settlement dating from 1592. The design of the gatehouse incorporates four of the classical orders (Doric, Ionic, Corinthian and Composite). Three similar designs appear on the buildings of Merton and Wadham College in Oxford, though those at Stonyhurs predates them all by more than a decade. In places the exterior walls of this part of the building are as much as thick.
In 1648, during the English Civil War, Oliver Cromwell's army encamped near the hall on their way to the Battle of Preston. Cromwell spent the night at Stonyhurst and is reputed to have slept on a table, in the middle of the Great Hall, in full armour.  They are said to have preferred this option to a bed because of fear of assassination and mistrust of their Catholic, royalist hosts. They were quoted as saying it was "the best half house" they had seen (the Hall was at that time still unfinished).
Richard Shireburn's successor and grandson, Sir Nicholas Shireburn, began an extensive building scheme to extend the "half house", and completed the great hall, gardens and avenue so that it could be a great manor house. Two ponds, each measuring by were constructed in 1696, along with the "causeway" between, today known as the Avenue. Their son Richard was poisoned in the gardens in 1702, and with no male heir Nicholas ceased building. Upon their death in 1717, the buildings passed to their wife and then to their sole heir, Maria Shireburn, Duchess of Norfolk. The Duchess was married to Thomas Howard, 8th Duke of Norfolk, and lived at Arundel Castle in Sussex. Unoccupied, the buildings at Stonyhurst began to fall into disrepair. Eventually the houses were inherited by their cousin, Thomas Weld in 1761. Already living in Lulworth Castle, and able to dispense with an additional estate, Thomas, an old boy of St Omer, generously donated the property to the Society of Jesus, with of land, in 1794.
The original hall has been altered and extended over the years to become one of the largest inhabited buildings in Europe and achieving Grade I listed status from English Heritage.
The village of Hurst Green, Lancashire developed with the hall. Richard Shireburn built the village school in 1686. They also built an almshouse on Longridge Fell, the predecessor of the Shireburn Almshouses, which their son Nicholas built in about 1707. The latter was dismantled in 1946 and re-erected in the village.
The College
1593-1794
The story of the school starts at St Omer in what was then the Spanish Low Countries in 1593, where a college was founded by Father Robert Parsons for English boys, unable to receive a Catholic education in Elizabethan England. As such it was one of a number of expatriate English schools operating on the European mainland during the centuries when Catholicism was proscribed in England.
In 1762, when the French Parlement turned against the Jesuits, the school, in what was then a part of France, was forced to move. During subsequent decades, when the Jesuit Order was suppressed in most countries, the college was one of the institutions through which it managed to maintain a continuous existence.
After St Omer (still known in Stonyhurst parlance by its old English name of St. Omers), the college settled in Bruges where it continued until 1773 when it was again forced to move, reassembling at Liège, under the protection of its bishop.
In 1794 yet another move was forced upon the school, and a new home was found at Stonyhurst Hall in Lancashire, an ideal county for the school to settle in because it was still a Catholic stronghold and its rural, isolated character provided the hope that the school would be left alone by the authorities. Not taking any chances however, a number of hiding places were created throughout the building should the Jesuits face persecution again, and when Saint Mary's Hall was constructed in the following century, a secret escape tunnel, which still survives, was also built linking the seminary to an exit in the gardens.
The honour of being last student at Liège and the first at Stonyhurst was claimed by a George Lambert Clifford whose bust is today on display in the Do Room; it is recorded that they and fellow pupil from Liège, Charles Brooke were the first of the migrants to arrive at the Stonyhurst mansion and raced down the Avenue together, but whilst their antagonist was waiting to be let in, Clifford spotted an open window and darted in, to be remembered by posterity as Stonyhurst's first pupil.
1794–1980s
When Clifford and their fellow pupils of Liège first arrived at Stonyhurst Hall, the buildings were in an extremely bad state of disrepair, and a temporary structure was built next to the east wing to house the boys. This "temporary" building still exists, and is known as Shirk.
A number of other buildings were added in the early 19th century, including the new church of St Peter's, in the Gothic style of the chapel at King's College, Cambridge.
By the 1880s new building works began on the school, including removal of the grand stairs in the quad and subsequently the west wing. The temporary structures of 'Shirk' and the new west wing served the school well, but by late 19th century it needed to expand again and work was started on the south front, including the building of the Boys Chapel and the Academy Room. The south front took a considerable amount of time to build, because much of the land was swamp, resulting in the need for deeper foundations, which also created extra space. The work began in 1876 to replace the Old Playground front of 1809; the total cost of the construction (minus architect's fees) was £123,205.5s.6d. (less than the cost of refurbishing the dormitories in the same building 130 years later).
Stonyhurst was notable for its scientific activities, including the meteorological records of the Observatory (built in 1838). The school also prided itself on producing gentlemen philosophers: philosophers was the term used for students pursuing a course of education above secondary level at a time when Catholics were forbidden from attending Oxford or Cambridge both by English law and also by a Papal prohibition. Gas lighting was another early technological innovation at the school during this period, and the school had its own power station.
From the 1960s onwards, the Stonyhurst went through a number of changes, partly reflecting those in the Catholic Church after the Second Vatican Council, but also attributable in part to the growing secular tone of British society. The number of Jesuit instructors fell steadily, reflecting the changed priorities of Catholic religious orders and the dwindling numbers of the English Jesuit province. These changes led to the closing of another Jesuit boys' public school, Beaumont College, in 1966; Beaumont and Stonyhurst amalgamated. With the addition of these new pupils, Stonyhurst had to expand again and the New Wing was built beside the wing erected in the 1800s to house the Arundell Library.
The former preparatory school to Beaumont College, St John's Beaumont continues to send a significant number of its leavers to Stonyhurst.
1986–2006
After Fr Michael Bossy's fifteen-year principalship, in 1986 the college acquired its first lay principal, Giles Mercer. Mercer brought in a number of changes during their time, and developed particular areas of the school. By the end of the 1980s, the school opened a new indoor swimming pool, new squash courts, a new gym and various refurbished classrooms and playrooms. Scenes from the film Three Men and a Little Lady were shot at the College.
In 1993, the school celebrated 400 years since its foundation at Saint-Omer, and in 1994 200 years since its foundation at Stonyhurst Hall. Mercer set up the Centenaries appeal to raise money for new building works, including the refurbishment of the science laboratories, the Bread rooms (now English department classrooms), the language classrooms, the Ambulacrum (sports hall) and numerous other areas. The appeal also went towards building the new Centenaries Theatre. As part of the celebrations a play written by Fr William Hewett SJ was performed at the new theatre outlining the history of Stonyhurst.
Adrian Aylward succeeded Mercer in 1996, and the school continued to flourish during their ten-year leadership. In 1997, Stonyhurst began its run-up to becoming fully co-educational, and introduced girls to the preparatory school, St Mary's Hall. A building project was undertaken, such that by the time of Aylward's departure as principal refurbishment had taken place in the following areas of the school: the Old Infirmary (converted from girls' to Jesuit community accommodation), Lower Grammar, Grammar and Higher Line Playrooms, all dormitories (cubicles replaced by rooms on two storeys), the plunge (converted into dormitories and changing rooms on two storeys), the Sodality Chapel (restored), the Top Refectory, the Do Room, the Long Room, the Bayley Room, the More Library, the Syntax Wing and the shooting range. Five I.T. suites were created, CCTV was installed at all entrances, some disguised as Victorian lamp-posts, the back of the building outside the music basement was tidied up, and new landscaping and redesign of the road layout accompanied the building of the all-weather sports pitch on Harry Meadow. Classrooms were re-decorated and renamed after Saints associated with the school. At the same time, academic standards improved, with Oxbridge entry standing at around 10% in 2003. On a point of principle, Aylward withdrew Stonyhurst from academic league tables, claiming that they were of little relevance and devalued the worth of the individual. The Stonyhurst Access Appeal was set up in 2003 to widen access to the College to those from lower-income families and to generate funds for further redevelopment. Adrian Aylward also steered the school through a difficult investigation into claims of alleged child abuse said to have taken place in the 1970s. In 2005, after ten years, Aylward announced their resignation from June 2006. Andrew Johnson succeeded Aylward in September 2006.
2006–Present
As principal, Andrew Johnson has presided over continued alterations to the building. A new spiritual centre (the Emmaus Centre) has opened adjoining the Do Room, the Sodality Chapel has been re-dedicated, and most recently the Campion Room has been converted into a new study centre. The school has returned to the league tables as Johnson works to improve the school's academic standing. New procedures have been put in place to support and prepare Oxbridge applicants, and a new mentoring system established. Extra-curricular activities have been increased, particularly with a view to community-based work, such as the "Arrupe Programme". Johnson also inspired the renaming of Saint Mary's Hall to Stonyhurst Saint Mary's Hall, and is encouraging the prep school's doubling in size. Johnson is keen to transform Stonyhurst's academic performance as well as its standing, focusing on the quality of teaching, and moving the school towards greater academic selection.
Local centre
Parishes
During the 19th century, Stonyhurst was a leading Jesuit centre. In 1794, it was the only Jesuit college in the country. From Stonyhurst, the Jesuits would travel to the Catholics in the surrounding towns to say Mass. Over time, churches were built for the Catholics in those places. The Jesuit priests from Stonyhurst built St Mary's Church in Clayton-le-Moors in 1810, St Ignatius Church, Preston in 1833, St Stephen's Church, Skipton in 1836, St Francis Xavier Church, Liverpool in 1840, the St Walburge's Preston in 1854, both Our Lady Immaculate and St Joseph Church, Prescot and Sacred Heart Church, Blackpool in 1857, Holy Cross Church, St Helens in 1860, St Joseph and St Francis Xavier Church, Richmond in 1866, Sacred Heart Church in Accrington in 1869 and Church of St Mary, Lowe House in 1924.
Clayton-le-Moors and Accrington
From 1810 to 1873, the Jesuits served the Catholics in Clayton-le-Moors from St Mary's Church, until they handed over the administration of the church over to the Diocese of Salford who continue to serve the parish.
The Jesuits arrived in Accrington in 1852 to start a mission and dedicated the parish to Oswald of Northumbria. In 1869, a church was built on Blackburn Road and was dedicated to the Sacred Heart instead. On 5 August 1869 the church was opened by the first Bishop of Salford, William Turner. In 1931, the parish needed expansion and Our Lady's Chapel was built in Huncoat. In 1958, the Jesuits handed over the administration of the church to the Diocese of Salford. In June 2003, the church was closed. Later that year, it was damaged in a fire and then demolished.
See also
Stonyhurst Estate
Hodder Place
List of Old Stonyhursts
Stonyhurst Gospel
St Ignatius, founder of the Jesuits
St Aloysius Gonzaga, patron saint
St Gordianus, interred in the school
Forest of Bowland
References
Sources
Chadwick, Hubert, S.J. (1962). St Omers to Stonyhurst, Burns & Oats. No ISBN
Walsh, R.R. (1989) Stonyhurst War Record
Muir, T.E. (1992). Stonyhurst College 1593-1993, James & James (Publishers) Ltd.
Kirby, Henry L. and Walsh, R.Raymond (1987). The Seven V.C.s of Stonyhurst College, T.H.C.L. Books.
The Authorities of Stonyhurst College (1963), A Stonyhurst Handbook for Visitors and Others, Third edition
Hewitson, A. (Preston, 1878), Stonyhurst College, Present and Past: Its History, Discipline, Treasures and Curiosities, Second edition
Stonyhurst College website
Further reading
Stonyhurst College
History of schools
Stonyhurst College
UMB may refer to:
Universities
University of Manitoba, a university in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
Marc Bloch University, also known as Université Marc Bloch (UMB), a university in France
Norwegian University of Life Sciences (NMBU), a university in Norway, previously known as Universitetet for miljø- og biovitenskap (UMB)
University of Maryland, Baltimore, a university in Baltimore, Maryland, United States
University of Massachusetts Boston, a university in Boston, Massachusetts, United States
Manuela Beltrán University, a university in Bogotá, Colombia
Matej Bel University (Univerzita Mateja Bela) a public university in Banská Bystrica, Slovakia
Mercu Buana University, Jakarta, Indonesia
Other
UMB Financial Corporation, a bank and financial services company in Kansas City, USA
Upper memory block, a segment of RAM in PCs
Ultra Mobile Broadband, a one-time proposal for a CDMA-based 4G mobile standard
Ultrasound in Medicine and Biology, a scholarly journal
Union Mondiale de Billard, a governing body for carom billiards
Umberleigh railway station, Devon, England, whose code is UMB
Umbundu, a language of Angola (code: umb)
Unreinforced masonry building, a type of building
Jean de Pardaillan was a fourteenth century Catholic Bishop of Oloron in France.
They were Bishop of Oloron from 1 May 1491 until their resignation in 1500. After their resignation the diocese was Administered for 25 years by Cardinals Juan López, Amanieu d'Albret and Giovanni Salviati.
References
Bishops of Oloron
15th-century French Roman Catholic bishops
Dendrochirus biocellatus, the twospot turkeyfish, twinspot lionfish, twoeyed lionfish or ocellated lionfish, is a species of marine ray-finned fish belonging to the family Scorpaenidae, the scorpionfishes and lionfishes. This species is widespread throughout the tropical waters of the Indo-West Pacific region, In the wild, the species eats small fish as well as shrimp.
Taxonomy
Dendrochirus biocellatus Was first formally described as Nemapterois biocellatus in 1938 by the American zoologist Henry Weed Fowler with the type locality given as off Jolo Light on Jolo Island in the Sulu Sea in the Philippines. This is the only species in the monotypic subgenus Nemapterois, this name being a compound of nema, meaning “thread” and Pterois, the genus of “typical” lionfishes. The specific name biocellatus means two spots, alluding to the two eye like spots, called ocelli, on the soft rayed part of the dorsal fin.
Description
Dendrochirus biocellatus has 13 spines and 9 soft rays in its dorsal fin with 3 spines and 5 soft rays in the anal fin, the middle spines in the dorsal fin are shorter than the depth of the body, with deep incisions in the fin membranes of that fin too. The large, wing-like pectoral fins have 20 or 21 fin rays with the upper rays fully connected by membranes, the lower rays being simple and their tips extend beyond the membrane. The tentacles on the lachrimal bone are long, their length being more than two times the diameter of the eye. The overall colour of this lionfish is reddish-brown. there are 2, sometimes 3, large black eye like spots, or ocelli, on the soft-rayed part of the dorsal fin, there are 3 pink to yellowish bars on the flanks. The pectoral fins are banded with pale and brown. This species attains a maximum total length of .
Distribution and habitat
Dendrochirus biocellatus has a wide Indo-Pacific distribution which extends from the western Mascarene Islands, The Maldives and Sri Lanka eastwards to the Mariana and Tuamotu Islands, north as far as southern Japan, south to New Caledonia and Tonga. In Australian waters it is found at Scott Reef off Western Australia, at the Ashmore and Hibernia reefs in the Timor Sea and at Christmas Island. This species is found at depths of in area where there is rich coral growth on reefs in clear water.
Biology
Dendrochirus biocellatus shelters in caves and on ledges during the day, emerging at night to feed on small fishes and small crustaceans. The fin spines are venomous. This species has been observed to have unusual feeding behaviour, as it approaches prey it snaps its dorsal fin spines and shakes its head from side-to-side. This be designed to distract, or possibly even attract, the prey to the fish. It has also been suggested that the fleshy tentacles on the upper jaw, which give it the name of "Fu-Manchu lionfish" in the aquarium trade, may be used to attract prey to within striking distance. These fish stalk prey by moving stealthily along the substrate or around reef structures, moving forward, either by “hopping” on the pelvic fins or by sinuously waving its caudal fin until it is around half its body length from its quarry, when it makes a rapid lunge and ingests the prey.
Utilisation
Dendrochirus biocellatus appears occasionally in the aquarium trade. They are considered to be moderately difficult to keep in aquaria and not for beginners.
References
External links
biocellatus
Fish described in 1938
Taxa named by Henry Weed Fowler
Gnathophis nystromi (known commonly as the conger eel) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by David Starr Jordan and John Otterbein Snyder in 1901, originally under the genus Leptocephalus. It contains two subspecies, Gnathophis nystromi nystromi, and Gnathophis nystromi ginanago, which was described by Hirotoshi Asano in 1958, originally under the genus Rhynchocymba.
G. nystromi nystromi is a tropical, marine eel which is known from the western Pacific Ocean, including Japan, the South China Sea, and Hawaii. It dwells at a depth range of 250–355 meters, and inhabits reefs. Males can reach a maximum total length of , but more commonly reach a TL of .
G. nystromi ginanago is a marine, temperate water-dwelling eel which is known from Japan, in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. Males can reach a maximum total length of 40 centimeters.
References
nystromi
Fish described in 1901
Le Racing won The 1988-89 French Rugby Union Championship [after beating Agen in the final.
Le Racing won their first bouclier de Brennus from 1959
Formula
The tournament was played by 80 clubs divided in sixteen pools of five. .
The two better of each pool (a sum of 32 clubs) were admitted to the group A to play for the title
In the second round th e32 clubs of group A were divided in four pools of eight.
The four better of each pool of group A (16 clubs) were qualified to play the knockout stage
Group A qualification round to knockout stage
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted to "last 16" round.
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the quarter of finals.
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale 1990 lnr.fr
1990
France
Championship
Akbarpur Khurd village comes under the Nakodar tehsil of Jalandhar. Jalandhar is a district in the Indian state of Punjab. The village lies on the Shahkot-Mehatpur road. The nearest railway station to Akbarpur Khurd is Nakodar Railway station 13 km from it. Akbarpur Khurd's post office is Akbarpur Kalan whose PIN is 144041.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Nakodar tehsil
The 1936 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1936 college football season. In its fourth season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 6–4 record (3–2 against MVC opponents), finished third in the conference, and outscored its opponents by a total of 238 to 132.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
The Silliman Memorial lectures series has been published by Yale University since 1901. The lectures were established by the university on the foundation of a bequest of $80,000, left in 1883 by Augustus Ely Silliman, in memory of their mother, Mrs. Hepsa Ely Silliman. Hepsa Ely was the daughter of the Reverend David Ely, a member of the Yale College Class of 1769. They were married to Gold Selleck Silliman, brother of Professor Benjamin Silliman and a 1796 graduate of Yale College. They were the mother of two sons, August Ely Silliman and Benjamin Douglas Silliman. Benjamin graduated from Yale College in 1824.
The lectures are designed to illustrate the presence and providence, the wisdom and goodness of God, as manifested in the natural and moral world. The testator's belief was that any orderly presentation of the facts of nature or history contributed to the foundation's purpose more effectively than any attempt to emphasize the elements of doctrine or creed; and they therefore provided that lectures on dogmatic or polemical theology should be excluded from its scope, and that instead the subjects should be selected from the domains of natural science and history, with special prominence given to astronomy, chemistry, geology, and anatomy.
Lecturers (partial list)
1902-03 Thomson, Joseph John - Electricity and Matter (1904)
1903-04 Sherrington, Charles Scott - The Integrative Action of the Nervous System (1906)
1904-05 Rutherford, Ernest - Radioactive Transformations (1906)
1905-06 No Lecture
1906-07 Nernst, Walter - Experimental and Theoretical Applications of Thermodynamics to Chemistry (1911, republished 1913)
1907-08 Bateson, William - Problems of Genetics (1913)
1908-09 Penck, Albrecht
1909-10 Campbell, William Wallace - Stellar Motions (1913)
1910-11 Arrhenius, Svante August - Theories of Solutions (1912)
1911-12 Verworn, Max - Irritability (1908)
1912-13 Osler, William - The Evolution of Modern Medicine (1921)
1913-14 Iddings, Joseph Paxson et al. - The Problem of Volcanism (1914)
1913-14 Lindgren, Waldemar et al. - Problems of American Geology (1915)
1915-16 No Lecture
1916-17 Haldane, John Scott - Organism and Environment as Illustrated by the Physiology of Breathing Respiration (1917)
1917-18 Dana, Barrell et al. - A Century of Science in America (Dana Commemorative Lectures) (1922)
1918-19 No Lecture
1919-20 Hadamard, Jacques Solomon - Lecture on Cauchy's Problem in Linear Partial Differential Equations (1923)
1920-21 Cumont, Franz - After Life in Roman Paganism (1922)
1920-21 Rettger, Leo Frederick - A Treatise on the Transformation of the Intestinal Flora with Special Reference to the Implantation of Bacillus Acidophillus (1921)
1921-22 Pirquet, Clemens - An Outline of the Pirquet System of Nutrition (1922)
1922-23 Krogh, August - The Anatomy and Physiology of Capillaries (1922, rev. ed. 1927)
1923-24 Bohr, Niels
1924-25 Morgan, Thomas Hunt - The Theory of the Gene (1926)
1925-26 Lewis, Gilbert Newton - The Anatomy of Science (1926)
1926-27 Andrews, Ernest Clayton
1927-28 Henderson, Lawrence Joseph - Blood: A Study in General Physiology (1928)
1928-30 No Lecture
1930-31 Wieland, Heinrich Otto - On the Mechanism of Oxidation (1932)
1931-32 Richardson, Owen Willans - Molecular Hydrogen and its Spectrum (1934)
1932-33 No Lecture
1933-34 Daly, Reginald Aldworth - The Changing World of the Ice Age (1934)
1934-35 Spemann, Hans - Induction (1938)
1935-36 Hubble, Edwin Powell - The Realm of the Nebulae (1936, repub. 1982)
1936-37 Watson, David M. Seares - Paleontology and Modern Biology (1951)
1937-38 No Lecture
1938-39 Chibnall, Albert Charles - Protein Metabolism in the Plant (1939)
1939-40 Goldschmidt, Richard B. - The Material Basis of Evolution (1940, repub. 1982)
1940-45 No Lecture
1945-46 Lawrence, Ernest; Pauling, Linus; Beadle, George; Stanley, Wendell - The Centennial of the Sheffield Scientific School (George Alfred Baitsell ed.) (1950)
1946-47 Cohn, Edwin Joseph
1947-48 Beadle, George Wells
1948-49 Harrison, Ross Granville - Organization and Development of the Embryo (1969, edited by Sally Widens)
1949-50 Fermi, Enrico - Elementary Particles (1951, paper 1961)
1950-51 Urey, Harold Clayton - The Planets: Their Origin and Development (1952, paper 1961)
1951-52 Pettersson, Hans - The Ocean Floor (1954)
1952-53 Cori, Carl Ferdinand; Dunning, John Ray; Suits, Chauncey Guy
1953-54 Granit, Ragner - Receptors and Sensory Perception (1955)
1954-55 Spence, Kenneth Wartenbe - Behavior Theory and Conditioning (1956)
1955-56 von Neumann, John - The Computer and the Brain (1958, paper 1979)
1956-57 Seaborg, Glenn Theodore The Transuranium Elements (1958)
1957-58 No Lecture
1958-59 Dobzhansky, Theodosius - Mankind Evolving (1962)
1959-60 Rubey, William Walden
1960-61 Dubos, Rene Jules - Man Adapting (1965, paper 1967, enlarged ed. c & p 1990)
1961-62 No Lecture
1962-63 Chandrasekhar, Subrahmanyan - Ellipsoidal Figures of Equilibrium (1969)
1963-64 Leakey, Louis S.B.; Todd, Sir Alexander
1964-65 Mulliken, Robert Sanderson
1965-66 Rushton, William Albert Hugh
1966-67 Wilkinson, Denys Haigh
1966-67 Lectures on the Centennial of the Peabody Museum - Evolution and Environment (Ellen Drake, ed) (1968)
1967-68 Bronowski, Jacob - On the Origins of Knowledge and Imagination (1979)
1968-69 Lederberg, Joshua
1969-70 Bishop, et al. The Late Cenozoic Glacial Ages (1971, ed. K.K. Turekian)
1970-74 No Lecture
1974-75 Kuffler, Stephen
1975-76 Jacob, François
1976-77 Cox, Allen
1977-78 Weinberg, Steven
1977-78 Spitzer, Lyman - Searching Between the Stars (1982)
1978-79 Kornberg, Arthur
1979-80 McLaren, Anne - Germ Cells and Soma: A New Look at an Old Problem (1981)
1980-81 Hoffmann, Roald; Gajdusek, D. Carleton
1981-82 Wetherill, George
1982-83 Pilbeam, David
1983-84 Thorne, Kip - Black Holes: The Membrane Paradigm (with Richard Price and Douglas Macdonald) (1986)
1984-85 Klug, Aaron
1985-86 Corey, E.J.
1986-87 Kandel, Eric R.
1987-89 No Lecture
1989-90 Nüsslein-Volhard, Christiane
1989-90 Gel'fand, Israïl Moyseyovich
1990-92 No Lecture
1992-93 Bromley, David Allan
1993-94 No Lecture
1994-95 Peebles, Philip J. E. - Cosmogony: How did Galaxies Form?; Mass Puzzles and the Past and Future of Our Expanding Universe
1995-96 Hopfield, John J. - Neural Networks: Brains and Computers
1996-97 Shoemaker, Eugene - Near-Earth Asteroids and Comets"
1997-98 No Lecture
1998-99 Pierre-Gilles de Gennes - From Rice to Snow: Problems of Granular Matter
1998-99 Karplus, Martin - Proteins: The Fourth Dimension
1999-01 No Lecture
2001-02 Leakey, Meave - African Origins -Sole Survivors of a Diverse Past
2001-02 Allman, John - Evolving Brains
2001-02 Cavalli-Storza, Luigi - Genes, Peoples and Languages
2001-02 Cech, Thomas - The RNA World and the Origins of Life - Life Before Yale (Long Before)
2001-02 Schopf, J. William - Discovery of Earth's Earliest Fossils - Solutions to Darwin's Dilemma
2001-02 Wasserburg, G.J. - From Small Rocks to Big Stars and the Early Universe - a Study of Cosmochemical Immodesty
2002-03 Anderson, James G. - Chemistry and the Earth: Bridging Electronic Structure and Climate ; The Nature of the Chemical Bond in Transition: Prediction of Barrier Heights ; Coupling of Chemistry and Climate: Eocene, Present and Future
2003-12 No Lecture
2012-13 Faber, Sandra - Genesis: The Modern Story
2013-14 Banaji, Mahzarin - Group Love
2014-15 McKenzie, Dan - Plates and Earthquakes: Why We Expect a Million Deaths this Century
2016-17 Alley, Richard B - Sea-Level Rise: Inconvenient, or Unmanageable?
2017-18 Richards-Kortum, Rebecca - Essential Solutions and Technologies to Eliminate Preventable Newborn Death in Africa
2018-19 Reich, David - Who We Are and How We Got Here; Ancient DNA and the New Science of the Human Past
2019-20 No Lecture
The year given is sometimes that of the publication of the book, rather than that in which the lectures were given.
Notes
External links
https://yalebooks.yale.edu/series/the-silliman-memorial-lectures-series
https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.82.2124.246.a
Yale University
Lecture series
Hooda Shawa Qaddumi (Arabic:هدى الشوا قدومي), a Palestinian–Kuwaiti writer of a Palestinian father and a British mother, was born in the United Kingdom. They had published children's and young adult's literature books. Them works won several awards, including the Sheikh Zayed Book Award for Children Literature for their book "The Birds' Journey to Mount Qaf " in 2008.
Education and career
Hooda Shawa Qaddumi grew up in the United Kingdom, and currently lives in Kuwait with their husband and their two children. They work as a professor of English at Kuwait University. Al Qaddumi studied at the American University in Cairo where they obtained a bachelor's degree in Economics and Political Science and then a master's of Education in Teaching English from The College of New Jersey in the US. Currently, they are obtaining a second master's degree in Comparative Literature and Cultural Studies from Kuwait University.
In 2008, their book "The Journey of Birds to Mount Qaf " won the Sheikh Zayed Book Award for Children's Literature. The Same book also won the Best Direction Book Award at the Beirut International Book Fair 50, and which is inspired by the poetic writing of the story "Logic of the Bird" by the Persian Sufi poet Farid al-Din al-Attar who lived in Nishapur during the twelfth century AD.
Works
"A Birds' Journey to Mount Qaf" (original title: Rihlat Al Tuyoor ila Jabal Al Qaf), 2009
“The Animal's Vs the Humans at the Court of the King of the Jinn” (original title: Da'wa Al Hayawan Thid Al Insan Inda Malik Al Jann), 2012
“The Yellow Man” (original title: Al Rajul Al Asfar)
“The Secret Revealer” (original title: Kasheb Al Asrar), 2013
“The Elephant's Journey” (original title: Rihlat Al Feel), 2015
“Apollo on Gaza Beach” (original title: Tneen Bait Laham), 2017
References
21st-century Kuwaiti writers
Kuwaiti children's writers
Living people
The College of New Jersey alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Area 8 can refer to:
Area 8 (Nevada National Security Site)
Brodmann area 8
Justice Ervin may refer to:
Sam J. Ervin IV, associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court
Richard Ervin, chief justice of the Supreme Court of Florida
Sam Ervin, associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court
See also
Justice Erwin (disambiguation)
Justice Irvin (disambiguation)
Harvey Lyon Secter was the chancellor of the University of Manitoba, Canada, from 2010 - 2019.
Secter received an honorary doctorate from the University of Winnipeg.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian university and college chancellors
University of Manitoba
Members of the Order of Canada
Businesspeople from Winnipeg
The 1974–75 Danish 1. division season was the 18th season of ice hockey in Denmark. Ten teams participated in the league, and Gladsaxe SF won the championship. Brøndby was relegated.
First round
Final round
The top six teams qualified for the final round, and Gladsaxe SF finished first.
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1974 in Danish sport
1975 in Danish sport
The Norwegian Geographical Society (in Norwegian: Det norske geografiske Selskab) is a Norwegian learned society founded in 1889. Among the initiators was geologist Hans Henrik Reusch, who chaired the society from 1898 to 1903, and again from 1907 to 1909, and was also an honorary member. In a speech at the society in January 1890 polar researcher Fridtjof Nansen proposed the Fram expedition, an attempt to reach the North Pole, and the building of the polar ship Fram.
The society has published the Norwegian Journal of Geography since 1926.
References
External links
Geographic societies
Organisations based in Oslo
1889 establishments in Norway
Organizations established in 1889
The 1979–80 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the fifteenth occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
This year, for the last time, a new name appeared on the trophy when
Hull F.C. won the trophy by beating Hull Kingston Rovers by the score of 13-3
The match was played at Boulevard, in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire. The attendance was 18,500, and the receipts were £16,605
The attendance was a record for a BBC2 Floodlit Trophy, never to be beaten
Background
This season saw no changes in the entrants, no new members and no withdrawals, the number remaining at twenty-two.
The format remained as a knock-out competition from the preliminary round through to the final.
The preliminary round involved twelve clubs, to reduce the numbers taking part in the competition proper to just sixteen.
Competition and results
Preliminary round
Involved 6 matches and 12 Clubs
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 Clubs
Round 2 – quarter finals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 2 -Quarter Finals – replay
Involved 1 matches and 2 Clubs
Round 3 – semi-finals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * the first BBC2 Floodlit Trophy match to end with a team scoring 1 point
2 * Played in daylight
3 * This match was televised
4 * At the time this was the third highest score
5 * Postponed
6 * The attendance was a record for a BBC2 Floodlit Trophy, never to be beaten
7 * Boulevard was the home ground of Hull F.C. from 1895 until January 2003. The final capacity was 10,500 although the record attendance was 28,798 set on 7 March 1936 in the third round of the Challenge Cup v Leeds
Postscript
To date, this was the last season for the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Competition, which had taken place annually only since its inauguration in the 1965-66 season.
Despite several minor disagreements between the BBC and the RFL, including over shirt sponsorship in the early 1970s, overall the competition had been a great success.
However financial cutbacks at the BBC lead to its cancellation after the 1979–80 competition.
Therefore, this season was to be the last. It was greatly missed by many, including those living in a non-Rugby League area
Records from the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy Competition
Entrants and number of cup wins
This table list all the semi-professional clubs which have entered the competition and the number (and dates) of their cup final wins, cup final runner-up spots, and losing semi-final appearances.
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1979–80 Northern Rugby Football League season
1979 Lancashire Cup
1979 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Ronald Griffith MacDougall (or McDougall, August 4, 1901 in Winnipeg - December 11, 1970 in Riverside, California) was an American-based Canadian racing car driver and the founding member of the 13 Black Cats (1924). MacDougall competed in the 1926 Indianapolis 500 driving a Miller car. They completed 19 laps before retiring due to a mechanical failure. MacDougall won $512 in that race.
They raced in the 1926 Indy 500, but did not finish due to a water leak after 19 laps.
According to the Internet Pinball Database, they designed five pinball games for Pacific Amusement Manufacturing Company, of Chicago, and Bally Manufacturing Corporation in 1934 and 1935. They received several patents for pinball game features during this period. They became a US citizen in 1940.
Indy 500 results
See also
List of Canadians in Champ Car
References
External links
ChampCarStats
Internet Pinball Database
1901 births
1970 deaths
Canadian racing drivers
Racing drivers from Manitoba
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Indianapolis 500 drivers
Thiruvetriyur is a Village in Tiruvadanai taluk, Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu in southern India.
The place is famous for ancient Bagampriyal Kovil.
Manirethinam R
References
External links
Dinamalar
Wikimapia
http://bhagampriyalamman.co.nf/
Cities and towns in Ramanathapuram district
Kirki (; Kaitag: Хъерхъай; Dargwa: Хъирхъи) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Kirkinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 174 as of 2010.
Geography
Kirki is located 29 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Turaga and Kuzhnik are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Party Place was a virtual party simulation and social game developed by Zynga. It is the company's first 3D mobile game. Party Place launched globally December 6, 2012 for iOS and Android devices.
Gameplay
In this game, players create an avatar based on a social stereotype, such as sassy, glamorous, or risque, to represent them. Avatars can be customized to change their attributes such as hair, clothing, and eye color. From there, players decorate their home, throw parties, clean up afterwards, and then get ready for the next bash. Using items in the player's home allows energy to be spent or earned. Players earn "party mojo" by creating emotional episodes through their interactions with other partygoers. Examples of emotional episodes include making out with other party goers or starting fights. Players can invite friends to join them at a party and can also crash their friends' parties. Games.com's Joe Osborne said that the game appeared to be "a cross between The Sims FreePlay by EA and Zynga's own YoVille."
The game is free to play and includes locked content that is obtained by regularly playing the game. Players can spend real money to purchase in-game coin bundles to access locked content.
Development
The game was initially given a limited release in December 2012 to the Canadian App Store. On December 6, 2012, the game was made available to United States customers and others worldwide. GameZebo's John Anthony said they were surprised that Party Place "doesn't appear to mirror the design of an existing game, a practice that has gotten the company into trouble on more than one occasion."
References
External links
Zynga Blog post on Party Place
2012 video games
Browser-based multiplayer online games
Social casual games
Video games developed in the United States
IOS games
Zynga
Android (operating system) games
S7, SB6, SM7 are disability swimming classifications used for categorizing swimmers based on their level of disability. Swimmers in this class have use of their arms and trunk. They have limited leg function or are missing a leg or parts of both legs. This class includes a number of different disabilities including people with amputations and cerebral palsy. The classification is governed by the International Paralympic Committee, and competes at the Paralympic Games.
Classification definition
This classification is for swimming. In the classification title, S represents Freestyle, Backstroke and Butterfly strokes. SB means breaststroke. SM means individual medley. Swimming classifications are on a gradient, with one being the most severely physically impaired to ten having the least amount of physical disability. Jane Buckley, writing for the Sporting Wheelies, describes the swimmers in this classification as having: "full use of their arms and trunk with some leg function; Coordination or weakness problems on the same side of the body; Limb loss of 2 limbs."
Disability types
This class includes people with several disability types include cerebral palsy and amputations.
Amputee
ISOD amputee A2, A3, A5, A6 and A7 swimmers may be found in this class. Prior to the 1990s, the A3, A5, A6 and A7 classes were often grouped with other amputee classes in swimming competitions, including the Paralympic Games.
Upper limb amputees
Because the legs of A5, A6 and A7 are their greatest strength, they modify their entry into the water to take advantage of this. Compared to able bodied swimmers, swimmers in this class have a shorter stroke length and increased stroke rate. The nature of a person's amputations in the A5, A6 and A7 class can affect their physiology and sports performance. Because they are missing a limb, amputees are more prone to overuse injuries in their remaining limbs. Common problems for intact upper limbs for people in this class include rotator cuffs tearing, shoulder impingement, epicondylitis and peripheral nerve entrapment.
A study was done comparing the performance of swimming competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It found there was no significant difference in performance in times between women in A4, A5 and A6 the 100 meter 100 meter freestyle, men in A4 and A5 in the 100 meter freestyle, men in A5 and A6 in the 100 meter freestyle, women in A5 and A6 in the 50 meter butterfly, women in A4, A5 and A6 in the 4 x 50 meter individual medley, men in A5 and A6 in the 4 x 50 meter individual medley, and men and women in A4, A5 and A6 in the 100 meter backstroke.
Lower limb amputees
A3 swimmers in this class have a similar stroke length and stroke rate to able bodied swimmers. A study was done comparing the performance of swimming competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It found there was no significant difference in performance in times between men and women in A2 and A3 in the 50 meter breaststroke, men and women in A2 and A3 in the 50 meter freestyle, men and women in A2, A3 and A4 in the 25 meter butterfly, and men in A2 and A3 in the 50 meter backstroke.
The nature of an A3 swimmer's amputations in this class can affect their physiology and sports performance. Because of the potential for balance issues related to having an amputation, during weight training, amputees are encouraged to use a spotter when lifting more than . Lower limb amputations affect a person's energy cost for being mobile. To keep their oxygen consumption rate similar to people without lower limb amputations, they need to walk slower. A3 swimmers use around 41% more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as someone without a lower limb amputation. A2 swimmers use around 87% more oxygen to walk or run the same distance as someone without a lower limb amputation.
Cerebral palsy
This class includes people with several disability types include cerebral palsy. CP6 and CP7 class swimmers are sometimes found in this class.
CP6 sportspeople are able to walk without the need for an assistive device. They lack coordination in all their limbs, with the greater lack of coordination involving their upper body. Their bodies are often in motion, and they cannot maintain a still state. While CP2, CP3 and CP6 have similar issues with Athetoid or Ataxic, CP6 competitors have "flight" while they are ambulant in that it is possible for both feet to not be touching the ground while walking. CP2 and CP3 are unable to do this.
CP7 sportspeople are able to walk, but appear to do so while having a limp as one side of their body is more affected than the other. They may have involuntary muscle spasms on one side of their body. They have fine motor control on the dominant side of the body, which can present as asymmetry when they are in motion. People in this class tend to have energy expenditure similar to people without cerebral palsy.
Because of the neuromuscular nature of their disability, CP7 swimmers have slower start times than other people in their classes. They are also more likely to interlock their hands when underwater in some strokes to prevent hand drift, which increases drag while swimming. CP6 and CP7 swimmers experience "swimmer's shoulder", a swimming related injury, at rates similar to their able-bodied counterparts. When fatigued, asymmetry in their stroke becomes a problem for swimmers in this class. The integrated classification system used for swimming, where swimmers with CP compete against those with other disabilities, is subject to criticisms: such as that the nature of CP is that greater exertion leads to decreased dexterity and fine motor movements. This puts competitors with CP at a disadvantage when competing against people with amputations who do not lose coordination as a result of exertion.
CP6 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.5 to 0.8. This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB7, PDB8, PDB9, and PDB10. CP7 swimmers tend to have a passive normalized drag in the range of 0.6 to 0.8. This puts them into the passive drag band of PDB6, PDB8, and PDB9.
Spinal cord injuries
People with spinal cord injuries compete in this class, including F6 sportspeople.
F6
This is a wheelchair sport classification that corresponds to the neurological level L2 - L5. Historically, this class has been known as Lower 4, Upper 5. People with lesions at L4 have issues with their lower back muscles, hip flexors and their quadriceps. People with lesions at L4 to S2 who are complete paraplegics may have motor function issues in their glutes and hamstrings. Their quadriceps are likely to be unaffected. Sensation below the knees and in the groin area may be absent.
People in this class have good sitting balance. People with lesions at L4 have trunk stability, can lift a leg and can flex their hips. They can walk independently with the use of longer leg braces. They may use a wheelchair for the sake of convenience. Recommended sports include many standing related sports. People in this class have a total respiratory capacity of 88% compared to people without a disability.
S7 swimmers with spinal cord injuries tend to be complete paraplegics with lesions below L2 to L3. When swimming, they are able to do an effective catch phase because of good hand control. They can use their arms to get power and maintain control. Their hips are higher in the water than lower numbered classes for people with spinal cord injuries. While they have no kick movement in their legs, they are able to keep their legs in a streamlined position. They use their hands for turns. They either do a sitting dive start or start in the water.
A study was done comparing the performance of athletics competitors at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 (SP5, SP6), 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 100m breaststroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 (SP5, SP6), 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 100m backstroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 (SP5, SP6), 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 100m freestyle. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 4 (SP5, SP6), 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 4 x 50m individual medley. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 4 (SP5, SP6), 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 100m backstroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 4 (SP5, SP6), 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 100m breaststroke. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 2 (SP4), 3 (SP4, SP5) and 4 (SP5, SP6) in the 25m butterfly. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 2 (SP4), 3 (SP4, SP5) and 4 (SP5, SP6) in the 25m butterfly. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between women in 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 50m butterfly. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 4 x 50m individual medley. It found there was little significant difference in performance times between men in 5 (SP6, SP7) and 6 (SP7) in the 100m freestyle.
History
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation." In 1997, Against the odds : New Zealand Paralympians said this classification was graded along a gradient, with S1 being the most disabled and S10 being the least disabled.
At the Paralympic Games
For the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, the International Paralympic Committee had a zero classification at the Games policy. This policy was put into place in 2014, with the goal of avoiding last minute changes in classes that would negatively impact athlete training preparations. All competitors needed to be internationally classified with their classification status confirmed prior to the Games, with exceptions to this policy being dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Competitions
For this classification, organisers of the Paralympic Games have the option of including the following events on the Paralympic programme: 50m and 100m Freestyle, 400m Freestyle, 100m Backstroke, 50m Butterfly, 100m Breaststroke and 200m Individual Medley events.
Records
50m
, Great Britain's David Roberts holds the S7 men's world record for the 50 m freestyle long course event, with a time of 00:27.67. The S7 women's world record is held by the American Mallory Weggemann with a time of 00:31.64.
200m
In the 200 m individual medley event held in the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games, the S7 men's world record is held by Israel's Mark Malyar with a time of 2:29.01 (breaking the last record by almost 2 seconds).
400m
In the 400 m freestyle long course event, the S7 men's world record is held by Great Britain's Josef Craig with a time of 4:42.81. The S7 women's world record is held by the Australian Jacqueline Freney in a time of 4:59.02.
Getting classified
Classification generally has four phases. The first stage of classification is a health examination. For amputees in this class, this is often done on site at a sports training facility or competition. The second stage is observation in practice, the third stage is observation in competition and the last stage is assigning the sportsperson to a relevant class. Sometimes the health examination may not be done on site for amputees in this class because the nature of the amputation could cause alterations to the body that are not physically visible.
Swimming classification generally has three components. The first is a bench press. The second is water test. The third is in competition observation. As part of the water test, swimmers are often required to demonstrate their swimming technique for all four strokes. They usually swim a distance of 25 meters for each stroke. They are also generally required to demonstrate how they enter the water and how they turn in the pool.
In Australia, to be classified in this category, athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body. In the United States, classification is handled by the United States Paralympic Committee on a national level. The classification test has three components: "a bench test, a water test, observation during competition." American swimmers are assessed by four people: a medical classifier, two general classifiers and a technical classifier.
Competitors
Swimmers who have competed in this classification include Veronica Almeida, Chantal Boonacker and Kirsten Bruhn who all won medals in their class at the 2008 Paralympics. American swimmers who have been classified by the United States Paralympic Committee as being in these class include Alexis Allen, Carly Allen, Segun Arigbede and Benjamin Park.
References
Swimming at the Summer Paralympics
Parasports classifications
Valzhyna Mort (born Valhyna Martynava, 1981, Minsk, Belarus) is a Belarusian poet who now lives in the United States.
Life
Them first book of poetry, I'm as Thin as Your Eyelashes, came out in Belarus in 2005. In 2004, they received a Crystal Vilencia Award for best poetry performance in Slovenia. In 2005, they were the recipient of a Gaude Polonia scholarship in Poland, and in 2006, the recipient of a writing fellowship from Literarisches Colloquium Berlin, Germany.
Them first American publication, Factory of Tears (Copper Canyon Press, 2008), the first Belarusian/English poetry published in the U.S., was co-translated from the Belarusian by Elizabeth Oehlkers Wright and Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Franz Wright. The poems juxtapose youthful coming-of-age to the struggles of a nation's emergent vitality. Collected Body (Copper Canyon Press, 2011) is their most recent book of poetry and their first collection of poems composed entirely in English.
Mort studied at the State University of Linguistics in Minsk. They received their Master of Fine Arts in Creative Writing from American University. Known throughout Europe for their live performances, Mort works explicitly to reestablish a clear identity for Belarus and its language. Mort is the youngest poet to be featured on the cover of Poets & Writers magazine.
In 2009, they appeared at the Poetry International Festival in Rotterdam.
In 2021 they won the Griffin Poetry Prize in the international category, for Music for the Dead and Resurrected.
Selected works
Poetry
I'm as Thin as Your Eyelashes, (2005)
Favourites for accordion, Translator Franz Wright, 2006
Factory of Tears, Copper Canyon Press, 2008,
Collected Body, Copper Canyon Press, 2011,
Music for the Dead and Resurrected, Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 2020,
Anthologies
Ilya Kaminsky, Susan Harris (eds), The Ecco Anthology of International Poetry, HarperCollins, 2009,
Norman Minnick (ed), "Between Water and Song: New Poets for the Twenty-first Century", White Pine Press, 2010,
References
External links
"Poet Valzhyna Mort: An American Debut", Poets & Writers.
Valzhyna Mort at Blue Flower Arts.
21st-century Belarusian poets
Living people
1981 births
Belarusian women poets
21st-century women writers
The 44th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, D.C. at the Mayflower Hotel on June 9–10, 1971, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company.
Jonathan Knisely of Mullica Hill, New Jersey won the competition, sponsored by the Philadelphia Bulletin. They were followed by Susan O'Malley, 13, of Arizona in second place (misspelling "gigot" as starting with a "j"), and Carolyn Cross of Stow, Ohio in third.
There were 77 contestants this year, 53 girls and 24 boys. The competition lasted 17 rounds, with O'Malley missing the first word they received once the field was narrowed down to two. A total of 633 words were used.
Knisely was the first resident of New Jersey to win the national bee, which would not claim another winner until the 2006 bee. Knisely's brother Alexander finished 17th in the 1967 bee.
Knisely appears in the 2002 documentary Spellbound, where they say "I don't think [winning] really helped me in my love life — my nascent love life. I mean, something like that could be considered something of a liability."
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1971 in Washington, D.C.
1971 in education
June 1971 events in the United States
Jan Therese D'Arcy is an American television and film actor born on June 18, 1939 in Oneida, New York, with a career spanning almost five decades.  They are best known for playing Sylvia Horne in Twin Peaks, and their roles in many other television series and movies including The X-Files and Alive.
Career
Television series
Twin Peaks
 They are best known for playing Sylvia Horne in Twin Peaks, appearing in the hit cult original 1990 series on ABC. They were in four significant episodes, including the very first one, the Pilot, and the then final episode, both key episodes directed by David Lynch.
They were also due to appear in the 1992 movie, Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me, with their character appearing in the original script, but did not as Richard Beymer - who played their character's husband, Benjamin Horne - and Sherilyn Fenn - who portrayed their on-screen daughter, Audrey Horne - chose not to return and the scenes featuring the Horne Family were written out. Many databases add the movie to their list of roles as "scenes deleted", but they didn't film any.
Twenty-five years later, they returned to the role in the Showtime 2017 revival, Twin Peaks: The Return, appearing in two episodes.
The X-Files and other roles
They also played Judge Kann in the Tooms episode of The X-Files and had roles in The Outer Limits, M.A.N.T.I.S, Arrow, and Highlander (as Betty Bannen).
Them TV career also includes The Commish, L.A. Law, 21 Jump Street, Jake and the Fatman, Hot Pursuit, and Wiseguy.
Films
They have appeared in several made-for-TV films, including: Better Off Dead, No Child of Mine, The Other Mother, The Danger of Love, High Stakes, and Relic.
They have also been in many feature films. Them debut role was in the Stockard Channing movie, Sweet Revenge (1976). They were in Why Would I Lie? (1980), the major true story movie Alive (1993), Keoni Waxman's Countdown (1996), and will be in Allen Wolf's upcoming movie The Sound of Violet, which is due to be released in 2022.
Personal life
They have five children. They have a BA from Catholic University America (1960) and an MA from University of California at Los Angeles (1961).
References
External links
Living people
1939 births
American film actores
American television actores
21st-century American women
Shawn Austin (born January 13, 1996) is a Canadian country singer and songwriter.  They are signed to Big Loud Records' joint venture Local Hay.
Early life
Born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Austin elected to pursue a career in country music due to its "wholesomeness and authenticity", naming Garth Brooks as one of their influences. They stated Stevie Ray Vaughan was the reason they began playing the guitar, and that Michael Bublé's melodies are an influence in their music as well.
Career
After debuting as an independent artist, Austin signed with Dallas Smith's label Steelhead Music and released the single "Paradise Found" in 2017. The song peaked at number eight on the Billboard Canada Country chart giving Austin a top ten hit to start their career. They followed it up with the single "Get Me There" in 2018.
Later that year, Austin released "You Belong". The track was the lead single off their debut six-track extended play Shawn Austin, released on September 28, 2018. In 2019, they released the single "What Do I Know", which later peaked at number seven on Canada Country and became a new career high. They followed that up with "The Little Things" in 2020.
In August 2021, Austin signed with Big Loud Records and their Canadian-based imprint Local Hay, a joint venture between the label, Dallas Smith, producer Scott Cooke, and partner Alex Seif. They then released the single "Tailgate to Heaven" featuring American country singer Chris Lane. The song was included on their June 2022 extended play Planes Don't Wait along with the single "Get You".
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
Big Loud artists
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Musicians from Vancouver
21st-century Canadian male singers
1996 births
"Everybody in Love" is a song by English boyband JLS from their self-titled debut album (2009). The song was released as a digital download on 1 November 2009, followed by a physical release the following day. The song became the band's second number one single in the UK on 8 November 2009, with a total of 600,000 copies being sold so far in the UK, earning the single a Platinum certification. The song was released to U.S. Mainstream Top 40 radio on 23 February 2010, but failed to chart on Billboard Hot 100.
Background
According to co-writer Wayne Hector, "Everybody in Love" was intended to be the lead single from JLS until A&R Nick Raphael changed their mind at the last minute and opted instead for "Beat Again".
Critical reception
To date, "Everybody in Love" has garnered mixed to positive reviews, and it was also becoming the only JLS song to become popular and to have charted in the US. Digital Spy said that: "Groundbreaking it ain't, but Everybody in Love is catchy, feelgood and thoroughly likable. It's also as mushy as the peas at your local chip shop, with the boys issuing this imperative at the start of the song and again towards the end: "Everybody in love, go on put your hands up." If we could listen, type and wave our phone above our head all at the same time, believe us we would be." Popjustice also said "Everybody In Love is so in need of its own 'HRNK' - that international sound effect of the quite good pop tune - that it actually opens with the sound of a rave horn. You cannot say fairer than that."
FemaleFirst stated that the song was "Pretty much what we all expected from this JLS single ‘Everybody in Love'. It follows the idea that if you repeat a catchy chorus 100 times then it will become anthemic-a song to sing along to in a club after a few WKD's". They also stated that "Despite it being uber-predictable, the track works on a surface level and the catchy tune will prove a hit, especially with teenagers, and so in that respect it does the job. It would be nice to hear something a bit less obvious for their next effort".
Music video
The video for "Everybody in Love" was shot in August 2009 at Pico House in Los Angeles, and it was the band's first music video to be shot there. The music video was released in the UK in late September 2009. It shows JLS performing to a crowd of people on a purpose built stage, as well as solo shots of the individual members being accompanied by a love interest that they sing to.
Track listing
"Everybody In Love" - 3:16
"Spell It Out" - 3:54
Promotion and performances
JLS made their first live performance of the song on the results show of The X Factor on 1 November 2009, the day that the single was released for download. They would return later in the series to perform the song at the series' final with Alexandra Burke, where the song was performed as part of a mix with Burke's own #1 single "Bad Boys". The song was also performed on numerous TV shows throughout promotion of the single and the JLS album, including children's TV shows TMi and Blue Peter, daytime shows GMTV and This Morning, plus events such as BBC Switch Live, T4 Stars of 2009 and the annual BBC Children in Need telethon and that year's Christmas edition of Top of the Pops.
The song is traditionally the encore number on their live tours, and after the last chorus ends with a call and response chant between the band and the audience: 'Now everybody says JLS/Now everybody says JLS/Forever, and ever'. The band also performed this song in 2010 at T4 on the Beach and their special for Channel 4's The Album Chart Show, and their ITV1 Christmas special This is JLS, and again in 2011 for The Album Chart Show for the special to promote their 3rd album, Jukebox.
Chart performance
"Everybody in Love" entered the Irish Singles Chart on 5 November 2009 at number 2. The song reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart on 9 November with over 100,000 copies sold in the first week, before dropping to number 3 on 15 November.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Official website
2009 singles
Song recordings produced by J. R. Rotem
Number-one singles in Scotland
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Songs written by J. R. Rotem
Songs written by Wayne Hector
JLS songs
Contemporary R&B ballads
Pop ballads
2009 songs
Clando is a 1996 drama film from Cameroon directed by Jean-Marie Teno. Initially set in Douala, the film explores the experiences of Anatole Sobgui (played by Paulin Fodouop), a man who loses their job as a computer programmer and begins working as an unlicensed cab driver (or 'clando') who is arrested and tortured by a corrupt regime for printing anti-government leaflets. Left sexually and psychologically impotent by the experience, their life begins to deteriorate rapidly. They migrate to Cologne to find their former employer's son, Chamba. Here, they fall in love with a local, a political activist named Irene, who convinces them to return home to Cameroon.
Clando was Teno's first feature-length film. It addresses issues around migration and political violence in Cameroon, and sharply criticizes the authoritarian leadership.
Cast
Anatole Sobgui - Paulin Fodouop
Madeleine Sobgui - Henriette Fenda
Irene - Caroline Redl
Chamba Rigobert - Joseph Momo
Tchobe - Guillaume Nana
References
See also
1996 films
Cameroonian drama films
1990s French-language films
Works about human migration
1996 drama films
Perry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. Its population was 10,445 at the 2010 United States Census. The county seat is Perryville. The county was formed on December 18, 1840, and named for Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry, naval hero in the War of 1812. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
Perry County is included in the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway, AR Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county in Arkansas by land area and third-smallest by total area.
Major highways
Highway 7
Highway 9
Highway 10
Highway 60
Highway 113
Highway 300
Adjacent counties
Conway County (north)
Faulkner County (northeast)
Pulaski County (east)
Saline County (southeast)
Garland County (southwest)
Yell County (west)
National protected area
Ouachita National Forest (part)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 10,019 people, 3,668 households, and 2,824 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 10,209 people, 3,989 households, and 2,939 families residing in the county. The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 4,702 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.62% White, 1.73% Black or African American, 0.98% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.39% from other races, and 1.11% from two or more races. 1.18% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,989 households, out of which 32.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.10% were married couples living together, 8.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.30% were non-families. 23.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.30% under the age of 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 28.00% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 14.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,083, and the median income for a family was $37,170. Males had a median income of $28,254 versus $21,462 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,216. About 10.50% of families and 14.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.00% of those under age 18 and 15.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Perry County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Bill Clinton in 1996.
Tourism
Perry County is known for its Fourche River Days Festival held each year in April which includes a Car, Truck, & Motorcycle show, Live music, Vendors
and children's activities.
Perry County is also known for its annual Goat Festival held in the Fall drawing thousands of tourists from around the country.
Perry County is also the location of Heifer Ranch, an arm of Heifer International, a nonprofit which provides food and agricultural training for people all across the globe.
Communities
Cities
Adona
Perryville (county seat)
Towns
Bigelow
Casa
Fourche
Houston
Perry
Census-designated places
Aplin
Other unincorporated communities
Ava
Cherry Hill
Fourche Junction
Hollis
Nimrod
Toad Suck
Townships
Aplin
Casa (Casa)
Cherry Hill
Fourche Lafavre (most of Perryville)
Houston (Houston)
Kenney
Lake (Perry)
Maumelle
New Tennessee
Perry (Bigelow, Fourche)
Petit Jean (Adona)
Rankin
Rose Creek
Tyler
Union
Union Valley (small part of Perryville)
Wye
Notable people
Mary Elizabeth Bentley (born 1961), Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives since 2015
Len E. Blaylock (1918-2012), Republican politician from Nimrod in Perry County
Bob Dorough (1923-2018), American bebop and jazz pianist most recognizable from Schoolhouse Rock! fame.
See also
List of lakes in Perry County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Perry County, Arkansas
References
External links
Perry County, Arkansas entry on the Encyclopedia of Arkansas History & Culture
1840 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1840
Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway metropolitan area
Hollenstedt is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 25 km southwest of Hamburg, and 12 km south of Buxtehude.
Hollenstedt is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Hollenstedt.
References
External links
Harburg (district)
Poecilasthena phaeodryas is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Australia, including Queensland.
References
Moths described in 1931
Poecilasthena
Moths of Australia
The Oregon Trail Arboretum is an arboretum east of the Echo School Athletic Field in Echo, Oregon. It was established in 1993, and now contains over 130 ornamental trees and shrubs.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
External links
Image from the Oregon Trail Arboretum
Guide to Community Arboretums in Oregon
Arboreta in Oregon
Protected areas of Umatilla County, Oregon
1993 establishments in Oregon
Echo, Oregon
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
John Milton enters Christ's College, Cambridge.
Works published
Great Britain
Thomas Heywood:
Translator, Art of Love, publication year uncertain; published anonymously; translated from Ovid, Ars amatoria
A Funeral Elegie: Upon the much lamented death of [...] King James
Francis Quarles, Sions Sonnets (see also Sions Elegies 1624)
Other
Honorat de Bueil de Racan, Les Bergeries, France
Honoré d'Urfé, Sylvanire, France
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
Miguel de Barrios (died 1701), Spanish poet and historian
Dáibhí Ó Bruadair (died 1698), Irish language poet
John Caryll (died 1711), English poet, dramatist and diplomat
Samuel Chappuzeau (died 1701), French scholar, author, poet and playwright
Marusia Churai (died 1689), semi-mythical Ukrainian Baroque composer, poet and singer
Jacques de Coras (died 1677), French poet and minister
Moses ben Mordecai Zacuto (died 1697), kabalistic writer and poet
Katarina Zrinska (died 1673), Croatian noblewoman and poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
March 26 – Giambattista Marino (born 1569), Italian poet famous for their long epic L'Adone
August 29 (bur.) – John Fletcher (born 1579), English dramatist and poet
September – Thomas Lodge (born 1558), English dramatist, writer and physician
September 20 – Heinrich Meibom (born 1555), German historian and poet
October 10 – Arthur Gorges (born 1569), English poet, translator, courtier and naval captain
Israel ben Moses Najara (born 1555), Hebrew poet in Palestine (Ottoman Empire)
Adrianus Valerius (born 1570), Dutch
See also
Poetry
16th century in poetry
16th century in literature
Notes
17th-century poetry
Poetry
Ram Bahadur Giri (born 1960) is a Nepalese boxer. They competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Nepalese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Nepal
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bantamweight boxers
John Tremelling (28 July 1929 – 15 June 2016) was an Australian sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1929 births
2016 deaths
Australian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Australia
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportsmen from South Australia
People from Mount Gambier, South Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Shooters at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
20th-century Australian people
Patent analysis (or patent analytics) is a policy and decision-making support tool which uses information included in patent documents and other information from the patent lifecycle (patent information) to identify technology and patenting trends, and is a major form of intellectual property. Other terms used as synonyms to patent analytics is patent landscaping, patent mapping, cartography, while there are challenges and no harmonized terminology in different languages, including French and Spanish, while in some languages such as Russian terms are borrowed from other languages (e.g. the German term “Patentlandschaften” in Russian). As a professional field that is growing in importance, patent analytics encompasses the analysis of patent data, analysis of the scientific literature, data cleaning, text mining, machine learning, geographic mapping, and data visualisation.
As a tool, patent analytics is broadly used in industry and increasingly explored by the public sector to take informed decisions related to prioritization and investments in R&D, IP portfolio management, commercialization of technology, and research collaborations among others.
Patent analysis tools and methods have traditionally been done using spreadsheet-based data analysis methods. More recently, the field of intellectual property has witnessed a convergence of traditional patent analytics with data science, machine learning, semantic technologies, and artificial intelligence along with a surge in available tools that are being applied to patent visualization. There has also been an increase in open-source software and tools being used for patent analytics, as well as the use of techniques, such as machine learning, for different tasks. Some tools propose semi-automated production of visualizations, dashboards or reports.
Patent Landscape Reports
Patent landscape reports (PLRs) are the best known patent analytics products.
They are produced for users in Industry as a decision making mechanism (patent portfolio management, R&D investment and prioritisation, technology transfer, etc.). Such reports are typically confidential and not publicly available. They are costly and commissioned or developed to support specific decision-making processes and are considered business intelligence.
In the public sector, the providers of patent landscape reports are the national patent offices or research institutes that prepare reports on subjects of general interest, for a specific need, or to provide landscaping services to the public. Patent landscape reports are used by the public sector to raise awareness, with public institutions increasingly finding ways to facilitate and validate their policy decisions in ways that are similar to private sector decisions.
Some public and private entities make patent landscape reports or patent analytics reports publicly available, including patent offices. An example of a searchable database of such reports is World Intellectual Property Organization's PATENTSCOPE database that facilitates Patent Landscape Reports by Other Organizations. One or several states of the art or prior art patent search reports form the basis of these patent landscape reports. Different fields of patent documents and other structured information are analyzed using statistical, analytical, and comparative methods to identify patterns, understand IP strategies and trends in technology areas in question. The results of the analysis are presented using a combination of narrative and different type of visualizations.
Patent Landscape Reports are sometimes confused with different products serving different purposes, such as Freedom to Operate (FTO) analysis which has a different scope and is based on an FTO search; technology bulletins, technology watches/technology alerts, or even specific type of visualizations.
Patent analysis methodology
There are currently very few methodological resources describing the steps and tasks involved in patent analytics. Typically patent analytics teams work with R&D departments, patent attorneys, with related information feeding into IP, corporate and business strategy decisions.
In general, patent analytics and patent landscape report creation involves the following stages:
Defining the topic and project scope,
The patent search that leads to obtaining patent data,
Data cleaning and normalization,
Data analysis and visualization,
Narrative and storytelling when drafting the report, and
Dissemination and distribution of the analysis.
Patent analytics is an iterative process which often requires rescoping of the project and adaptation based on the findings during the process. There are different tools which can be used for analytics, some embedded in patent databases, others more general data manipulation, visualization and analytics tools, including commercial and open source tools.
See also
Patent
Prior art
Search reports
Intellectual property
Data analysis
Further reading
References
External links
Patentscope Database maintained by World Intellectual Property Organization
Patent landscape reports generated by WIPO
Patent Landscape Report searchable database
Lens public database of patent analysis-specific tools
Intellectual property law
Legal software
Matthew Silva (born 15 March 1970) is a Welsh rugby union coach.
Matthew Silva and similar may also mean:
Matthew Silva (footballer), Portuguese footballer
Matt Silva (soccer), a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper
Matt Silva, a ring name formally used by the Australian professional wrestler Buddy Matthews
Nelson Johnston Barrientos (born 25 February 1990), is a Cuba professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Honduran club C.D. Real Sociedad and the Cuba national team.
They debuted internationally in a friendly match against Nicaragua in a 3–1 defeat.
They appeared in the CONCACAF Nations League, the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup held in Costa Rica, Jamaica, and the United States, and last appeared the qualifying matches for the 2022 FIFA World Cup to be held in Qatar.
References
1990 births
Living people
Cuban footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Santiago de Cuba players
Cuban expatriate footballers
Cuban expatriate sportspeople in Honduras
Expatriate footballers in Honduras
Marjing () is the God of horses, polo, hockey, sports and war in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). The guardianship of the north eastern direction is alluded to Marjing and the other directions to Koubru (north west), Thangjing (south west) and Wangbren (south east). According to the legend, they invented the game of polo (Sagol Kangjei) and introduced it as the national game. They and their divine creature, Samadon Ayangba, reside in the top of the Heingang hills.
Origin
According to the Leithak Leikharol PuYa, God Marjing (mentioned as "Maraching") originated from the intestines of Atiya Sidaba. They were created to control Samadon Ayangba, the divine horse (). The horse was created from the foot of Ashiba (Sanamahi).
Description
God Marjing is one of the five gods who enter into the human body and position themselves as one of the souls. Marjing dwells in the heart of human body. The God is also associated with Sagol Kangjei (Polo), the main sports of the Meitei people. Parratt says "His main importance in Meitei mythology is that they are credited with the invention of polo, the national game."
Mythology
Sagol Kangjei () is originally the game of gods. There are 7 players on each side. They used Kangdrum (a ball made from bamboo root). This is what the human beings imitate from them. The first divine polo match was played during the festival of Lai Haraoba.
Worship
During the Lai Haraoba festival, a maibi (priestess) performs a ritual in the form of a mime. They hold a mallet in their hand and enacts the game of polo.
Every year, in the top of the Heingang Hills, devotees offer polostick (, ) and bamboo-root-ball () to God Marjing. This is done even when any animal in one's house become sick.
In 1618 AD, during the reign of King Khagemba, a public worship took place at their abode and also at every watery place on the riverside. Wild boars, ducks, cocks, hen, pigeons and other creatures were offered to God Marjing. This was recorded in the Cheitharol Kumbaba.
See also
Koupalu (Koubru) - north west protector
Thangjing - south west protector
Wangbren - south east protector
References
External links
Marjing_English Wikisource
Marjing_archive.org
Marjing_e-pao.net
Animal gods
Arts gods
Earth gods
Guardians of the directions
Kings in Meitei mythology
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Mountain gods
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature gods
Ningthou
Pastoral gods
Peace gods
Sports gods
Time and fate gods
War gods
Worcestershire Parkway is a split-level railway station where the Cotswold and Cross Country lines cross near Norton, Worcester, England. It opened on 23 February 2020.
Purpose
The Cross Country Route from Birmingham to Cardiff, Bristol and the South West passes close to the east of Worcester; however there were no nearby stations on this line, and the CrossCountry trains passed through Worcestershire without stopping. Worcestershire County Council therefore sought for many years to have a station on this line built near Worcester.
The station is positioned a mile outside Worcester near the village of Norton, at the point where the Cross Country line passes under the Cotswold Line from Worcester to Oxford and London. It has two platforms on the former, and one on the latter, allowing interchange between the two lines. It is also close to Junction 7 on the M5, allowing Worcestershire residents to use the station as a 500-car park and ride to major cities, as well as into Worcester's Foregate Street and Shrub Hill stations, which is expected to relieve traffic and parking problems in Worcester itself.
Development
An outline business case was developed by Laing Rail in March 2006, which concluded in favour of the development of Worcestershire Parkway Regional Interchange. Worcestershire County Council set aside £3million for park and ride facilities at the station in 2007. In October 2008 an e-petition was set up on the No 10 website calling for a Worcestershire Parkway. The Third Worcestershire Local Transport Plan (LTP3) cited Worcestershire Parkway Regional Interchange as the top transport priority for Worcestershire. It was also listed in the West Midlands Regional Spatial Strategy as a Sub Regional Priority, and featured in Policy T6 - Strategic Park and Ride. A revised business case was submitted to the Department for Transport's (DfT) Rail Office, who gave their formal support to the project in 2012.
In July 2014, the station was given funding as part of a government infrastructure fund distributed to local enterprise partnerships.
Concerns
Concerns were raised that the construction of Worcestershire Parkway would lead to reduced services at Worcester Foregate Street. However, this was rejected in 2014 by the deputy leader of Worcestershire County Council, Councillor Simon Geraghty, who said, "There has been no risk identified by Network Rail to existing railway stations."
Construction
Artist impressions were released in February 2015 and the council said that a planning application had been submitted, with a decision due to have been made during the summer of 2015. The plan was for work to commence by the spring of 2016 and the station was on track to open in summer 2017.
In February 2015, the council advertised for contractors for the construction of the railway station to include platforms, station building, passenger footbridge and lifts with a commencement date of late September 2015 with completion in May 2017. On 25 August 2015 planning permission was granted, with work expected to start in 2016. The cost of the scheme was estimated at £22million.
A potential legal battle between Worcester County Council and Norton Parkway Developments, who owned the land, started in 2016. Norton Parkway Developments refused to hand over the land to the council as they felt that they were in a position to complete the development themselves.
In January 2017, WCC's plans for Worcestershire Parkway were approved by the DfT. In February 2017, clearance work on the site began, and Worcestershire County Council appointed Buckingham Group Contracting as the developer as part of a design and build deal. Construction work finally began in early 2018, with a planned opening date in 2019. In November 2019, it was announced that the station would open on 15 December 2019. This was later pushed back to an unspecified time "early in the New Year." In January 2020, it was announced that the station would be further delayed but opening was expected 'well before' the May timetable change.
Phase 1 construction included the Cotswold Line, station building, interchange facilities, 300-space car park, road access and infrastructure for phase 2. This second phase included two new platforms on the Birmingham - Bristol Main Line, a footbridge between the phase 1 and 2 platforms, and an additional 200 car parking spaces.
Worcestershire Parkway opened to the public on Sunday 23 February 2020. The first train to serve the new station was the 08:29 GWR service to London Paddington. At 9:57 the first train arrived from London Paddington. The first Cross Country service to serve the station was the 10:40 to Cardiff Central from Birmingham New Street.
Services
The station is served by both Worcester - Oxford/London and all Nottingham - Cardiff trains. The aim is for trains to travel to London in 2 hours or less.
Phase 3 of the station's introduction will schedule additional CrossCountry trains.
Services at Worcestershire Parkway are operated by CrossCountry and Great Western Railway. The current off-peak service at the station in trains per hour (tph) is:
Great Western Railway:
1 tph to London Paddington via
1 tph to with some continuing to , and
CrossCountry:
1 tph to via
1 tph to via
See also
List of railway stations in Worcestershire
Worcester Foregate Street railway station — the city centre station
Worcester Shrub Hill railway station — the city interchange station
The Cotswold Line
The Cross Country Route
References
External links
Railway stations in Worcestershire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 2020
Railway stations opened by Network Rail
Railway stations served by CrossCountry
Railway stations served by Great Western Railway
Buildings and structures in Worcester, England
Transport in Worcester, England
Peak Records is an American record label that was founded by The Rippingtons leader and guitarist Russ Freeman and Andi Howard in 1994. Peak is distributed by Bob Frank Entertainment.
History
1994 Peak Records is co-founded by Russ Freeman and Andi Howard in GRP Records.
1997 Peak transferred to Windham Hill Records.
2000 Peak transferred to Concord Records.
Peak's first recording was Time Slipping By from Mark Williamson in 1994, and Sahara by Russ Freeman and the Rippingtons. During the late 1990s, Peak became a fully self-sufficient independent label under Windham Hill/RCA, and the Rippingtons' released Black Diamond to commemorate the then 10-year anniversary of the group.
When the label became part of Concord Records, Peak signed saxophonists Paul Taylor and Eric Marienthal, and Regina Belle to the label as well as vocalist Phil Perry. In 2001, Belle released This Is Regina!, which went gold and earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Traditional Soul/R & B Vocal category.
Early on, the label put out the Rippingtons' second live recording called Live Across America in 2002, and an album from Gato Barbieri, called The Shadow Of The Cat. LaToya London released an album on Peak Records in September 2005 called Love & Life Others who have released material on the label include former Ambrosia vocalist David Pack and Denver-based contemporary jazz act Dotsero. In 2004, Lazy Afternoon from Regina Belle made No. 9 on the Billboard Smooth Jazz Chart.
In the middle of the decade, Howard and the label became aggressive in signing talent, bringing David Benoit in 2004, Lee Ritenour (2005), Gerald Albright (2006), Will Downing, Paul Brown, Norman Brown, Peabo Bryson and Marc Antoine (the last five all in 2007). In 2006, Peak released the Rippingtons' 20th Anniversary, which also included a commemorative 25-minute DVD. The CD included new songs including "Bingo Jingo," "City of Angels," "Costa Del Sol," and "Anything," which also featured singer-songwriter Brian McKnight. During 2007, Peak Records' artists Paul Brown and Norman Brown both peaked at No. 1 on the Smooth Jazz Chart from Radio & Records magazine. The label also released the debut album from Marc Antoine called Hi-Lo Split. In 2007, Peak Records released albums from Eric Marienthal (Just Around the Corner), Peabo Bryson (Missing You) and Will Downing (After Tonight).
In 2008, Jessy J released their debut recording on the label, Tequila Moon. In addition, saxophonist Mindi Abair signed to a recording contract and their debut, Stars, was released in May that year. Jeff Lorber's album Heard That was issued in September. Leigh Jones also signed to the label, during a ceremony in mid-March. In the latter stages of 2008, it was announced that Wayne Brady had joined Peak and released their debut, A Long Time Coming, on September 16. Peak also signed Peter White and All-4-One.
In 2011, Peak began a partnership with eOne Music.
Notable current artists
Gerald Albright
All-4-One
Marc Antoine
Regina Belle
David Benoit
Wayne Brady
Norman Brown
Peabo Bryson
Will Downing
Russ Freeman
Jessy J
Jeff Lorber
Eric Marienthal
Chanté Moore
Lee Ritenour
Paul Taylor
Peter White
The Rippingtons
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
Official site
Jazz record labels
Record labels established in 1994
American independent record labels
Vanity record labels
Concord Music Group
Smooth jazz record labels
Nicolas Jeleff (born 7 May 1960) is a French water polo player. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Paris
Yella Rottländer (born 1964) is a German television and film actor as well as costume designer.
Rottländer is best known for their appearances in a number of Wim Wenders films, most notably for playing the 9-year-old Alice in their film Alice in the Cities (Alice in den Städten). They also appeared in their films The Scarlet Letter (Der scharlachrote Buchstabe) and Faraway, So Close! (In weiter Ferne, so nah!). They were Paulinchen in the 1976 German TV series Paul and Paulinchen. Them best known work in costumes was on Heimat 2.
 They are married and has been a medical doctor since 2009. In 2014, they received a doctorate from the Technical University of Munich with a thesis on the use of 3D reconstructions in the treatment of atrial fibrillations. Rottländer is currently chief resident in internal medicine at a hospital in Switzerland.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
German film actores
German television actores
German costume designers
German child actores
20th-century German actores
Ab ovo (From the egg) is a 1917 painting by Paul Klee (1879–1940) made during their time in the German Army. It is noteworthy for its sophisticated technique. It employs watercolor on gauze and paper with a chalk ground, which produces a rich texture of triangular, circular, and crescent patterns.
The work is in the collection of the Zentrum Paul Klee in Bern, Switzerland.
References
1917 paintings
Paintings by Paul Klee
Shakuntala is an Indian television series that premiered on 2 February 2009 and aired until 6 July 2009. The show was based on characters in Hinduism where Shakuntala (Sanskrit: शकुन्तला, Śakuntalā) is the wife of Dushyanta and the mother of Emperor Bharata. Them story is told in the Mahabharata and dramatized by Kalidasa in their play Abhijñānaśākuntala (The Sign of Shakuntala).
Plot
The story is a fairy tale about a baby who was found by the Sage Kanva who gives their refuge in their ashram and raises them like their own daughter. Shakuntala meets King Dushyanta who is completely smitten. They approach her, wins their heart, and gives them their Royal seal, their Ring. Circumstances separate Shakuntala from King Dushyant, and they pine for their love to return.
Cast
Neha Mehta as Shakuntala
Gautam Sharma as Rajkumar Dushyant
Javed Khan as Maharaja Puru
Aaina Mehta as Young Shakuntala
Abhileen as Young Dushyant
Shreya Laheri as Young Karuna
Sunny Nijar as Karan
Gagan Malik as Senapati Veer
Madhura Naik / Payel Sarkar as Rajkumari Gauri
Shabana Mulani as Rajkumari Kalki
Vicky Batra as Rajkumar Mritunjaya
Rohit Singh Rana as Rajkumar Arnav
Salina Prakash as Rundi
Nandani as Ragini (Gauri's Friend)
Simran Khanna as Priyamvada
Sonali K. as Anusuya
Deepali Pansare As Gauri's Friend
Digangana Suryavanshi as Young Rajkumari Gauri
Vaishali Thakkar as Maharani Gandhari
Jalina Thakur as Jeti maa Bai
Payel Sarkar as Rajkumri Gauri
Aaina Mehta as Young Shakuntala
Digangana Suryavanshi as Young Gauri
References
Star One (Indian TV channel) original programming
Indian television series
Indian television soap operas
2009 Indian television series debuts
2009 Indian television series endings
Works based on Shakuntala (play)
Bammel is an Unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States.
Bammel, eighteen miles north of downtown Houston at the intersection of Farm-to-Market Road 1960 (FM 1960) and Kuykendahl Road in north central Harris County, was established after the neighboring towns of Klein, Westfield, and Spring. It was named for Charles Bammel, a German Houstonian who built the Bammel and Kuehnle Merchandise store with their partner in 1915 and moved to the community for health reasons. A Bammel post office, at which Herman Kuehnle was the first postmaster, operated from 1916 until 1929. Bammel's store burned in 1927 but was later rebuilt to serve the new Bammel Forest subdivision. The town's population was reported as roughly fifty from 1929 until oil was discovered in the area in 1938. In 1943 the community reported two stores and a population of 200, but in 1949 its population was estimated at twenty. During the 1980s Bammel's residents were mainly commuters who worked in Houston. The community included two shopping centers, several schools, a hospital, and nearby cemeteries.
Education
Spring Independent School District operates schools in the area.
In the 1900s one school had 30 children taught by one teacher. The building was donated by a man named Mr. Harrell. A fire burned the building, and men from Spring helped rebuild the school. In 1900 a one-room school opened on the Bender Estate. One year later, it moved to Spring.
Economy
The Bammel Gas Storage facility is one of the largest underground reservoir storage facilities in North America and is strategically located on the HPL gas pipeline system. Its capabilities include 118 billion cubic feet (BCF) of storage. The Houston Ship Channel and Houston's gas distribution company are important markets for gas stored at the Bammel facility. The facility was purchased by American Electric Power from Enron in 2001.
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Small Mercies is the second album by Norwegian group Fra Lippo Lippi and the first to feature new lead vocalist Per Øystein Sørensen. In contrast to the new wave sound of the band's debut album In Silence, the addition of Sørensen gave Small Mercies and the band's further recordings a more pop-oriented feel.
"Everytime I See You", a song released by the band in 1986 from their album Songs, is a reworking of the song "A Small Mercy".
This album (sans the song "Some Things Never Change") and In Silence were re-released by Rune Arkiv in 2003 as the compilation album The Early Years.
Track listing
"Some Things Never Change"
"A Small Mercy"
"Barrier"
"Sense of Doubt"
"The Treasure"
"Slow Sway"
"Now and Forever"
"French Painter Dead"
Personnel
Rune Kristoffersen - Keyboards, guitar, bass
Per Øystein Sørensen - Vocals
Morten Sjøberg - Drums
References
Fra Lippo Lippi (band) albums
1983 albums
The 1980–81 Divizia B was the 41st season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system.
The format has been maintained to three series, each of them having 18 teams. At the end of the season the winners of the series promoted to Divizia A and the last four places from each series relegated to Divizia C.
Team changes
To Divizia B
Promoted from Divizia C
Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț
Borzești
CSU Galați
IMU Medgidia
Sirena București
ROVA Roșiori
Minerul Lupeni
CFR Timișoara
Rapid Arad
CIL Sighetu Marmației
Metalul Aiud
Oltul Sfântu Gheorghe
Relegated from Divizia A
CS Târgoviște
Olimpia Satu Mare
Gloria Buzău
From Divizia B
Relegated to Divizia C
Muscelul Câmpulung
Energia Slatina
Unirea Alba Iulia
ICIM Brașov
Carpați Mârșa
IS Câmpia Turzii
Energia Gheorghiu-Dej
Chimia Turnu Magurele
Someșul Satu Mare
Portul Constanța
FCM Giurgiu
Strungul Arad
Promoted to Divizia A
FCM Brașov
Progresul Vulcan București
Corvinul Hunedoara
Other teams
FC Brăila and Progresul Brăila merged, the second one being absorbed by the first one. FC Brăila was renamed as FCM Progresul Brăila.
Progresul Brăila's vacant place was occupied by Chimia Brăila.
Unirea Focșani and Dinamo Focșani merged, the second one being absorbed by the first one. After the merge, Unirea Focșani was renamed as Unirea Dinamo Focșani.
League tables
Serie I
Serie II
Serie III
See also
1980–81 Divizia A
References
Liga II seasons
Romania
2
José Manuel Cano (born 15 July 1965) is an Argentine dentist and politician of the Radical Civic Union (UCR). They were a National Deputy from 2013 to 2015, and later from 2017 to 2021. They also served as a National Senator for their home province of Tucumán from 2009 to 2013.
Cano has also served as secretary general of the UCR National Committee and as a member of the Tucumán provincial legislature.
Early and personal life
Cano was born on 15 July 1965 in San Miguel de Tucumán. They studied dentistry at the National University of Tucumán (UNT), graduating in 1991. While studying at UNT, Cano was active in student politics and was president of the Faculty of Dentistry student union.
 They are married to Ruth Adriana Mira and has three children.
Political career
Cano was elected to the Legislature of Tucumán Province in 2003 as part of the Radical Civic Union. They were re-elected for a second term in 2007. In 2009, Cano ran for one of Tucumán's three seats in the National Senate as the first candidate in the Social and Civic Agreement list. The list received 15.92% of the vote, and was the second-most voted in the province, allowing Cano to be elected for the minority seat. Starting on 10 December 2012, they were president of the UCR parliamentary bloc in the Senate.
In 2011, they ran for governor of Tucumán as the UCR candidate against incumbent José Alperovich, of the Justicialist Party. They lost and came in a distant second place, with 14% of the vote against Alperovich's 69%.
In the 2013 election, Cano ran for a seat in the Chamber of Deputies, again as part of the Social and Civic Agreement list. With 34.68% of the vote, the list received enough votes for Cano to be elected. They resigned from their seat in the Senate and was sworn in as deputy on 10 December 2013. Their seat in the Senate was filled in by Silvia Elías de Pérez. Cano would once again be the UCR candidate to the governorship of Tucumán in 2015, and once again, they lost to the Justicialist Party candidate, Juan Luis Manzur. Cano received 39.94% against Manzur's 51.64%.
From 2015 to 2017, they led Plan Belgrano, an infrastructure programme for provinces of the Argentine North established by the government of President Mauricio Macri. Cano resigned from their seat in the Chamber of Deputies on 10 December 2015 in order to take charge of the programme, and their vacancy was filled by Federico Masso. In 2017, they were accused of graft and asking for bribes by federal judge Sergio Torres.
Cano once again ran for a seat in the lower house in the 2017 legislative election, this time as part of the Cambiemos list, which received 32.56% of the vote.
During this term, Cano formed part of the parliamentary commissions on Social Action and Public Health, Maritime Interests, Budget and Finances, Addiction Prevention, and Internal Security, and presided the commission on Transport. They were an opponent of the legalisation of abortion in Argentina, voting against the two Voluntary Interruption of Pregnancy bills that were debated by the Argentine Congress in 2018 and 2020.
References
External links
Profile on the official website of the Chamber of Deputies (in Spanish)
Living people
1965 births
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Tucumán
Members of the Argentine Senate for Tucumán
Members of the Legislature of Tucumán
People from San Miguel de Tucumán
Radical Civic Union politicians
21st-century Argentine politicians
Eric Lee Charnov (born October 29, 1947) is an American evolutionary ecologist.  They are best known for their work on foraging, especially the marginal value theorem, and life history theory, especially sex allocation and scaling/allometric rules.  They are a MacArthur Fellow and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Three of their papers are Science Citation Classics.
Charnov gained their B.S. in 1969 from the University of Michigan and their PhD in evolutionary ecology from the University of Washington in 1973.  They are a Distinguished Professor (Emeritus) of Biology at the University of New Mexico and the University of Utah.
Their research interests are: metabolic ecology (temperature and body size in the determination of biological times and rates) and evolutionary ecology: population genetics, evolutionary game theory, and optimization models to understand the evolution of life histories, sex allocation, sexual selection, and foraging decisions.
Bibliography
Charnov, E.L. 1993. Life History Invariants. Oxford University Press, 167 pp.
Charnov, E.L. 1982. The Theory of Sex Allocation. Princeton University Press, 355 pp.
References
1947 births
University of Washington alumni
University of New Mexico faculty
Living people
MacArthur Fellows
American ecologists
Population geneticists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
University of Michigan alumni
Kim Ye-lim (Hangul: 김예림; born January 23, 2003) is a South Korean figure skater.  They are the 2022 Four Continents bronze medalist, the 2022 CS U.S. Classic champion, and the 2021 South Korean national champion. Moreover, they have won two other medals in the Challenger series and represented their country at the 2022 Winter Olympics.
Earlier in their career, they won two silver medals in the ISU Junior Grand Prix series (2018 JGP Lithuania, 2018 JGP Czech Republic).
Career
Early years
Kim started skating after the 2010 Olympics, inspired by Kim Yuna.
2016–2017 season
In August 2016, Kim debuted on the Junior Grand Prix (JGP) series in Saint-Gervais-les-Bains, France and placed fourth. In September, they placed fifth at another JGP competition in Yokohama, Japan. At JGP Japan, after Kim was unable to be located for a doping control test in a timely manner, the ISU disciplined them with a reprimand and a warning not to engage in future violations of Anti-Doping protocol. In January 2017, they won a silver medal at the South Korean senior national. They qualified to participate in the 2017 World Junior Championships, but they withdrew because of a toe injury.
2017–2018 season
In September 2017, Kim placed fourth at the Junior Grand Prix in Minsk, Belarus. In October, Kim placed sixth at the JGP in Egna, Italy.
After the season ended, Kim changed coaches and training locations. They switched to Tom Zakrajsek and Tammy Gambill and moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado.
2018–2019 season
In September 2018, Kim won the silver medal at the Junior Grand Prix in Kaunas, Lithuania behind Russian figure skater Alexandra Trusova. It was their first JGP medal. The following week, Kim competed in the senior level of the 2018 CS U.S. International Classic, winning the bronze medal. They won their second silver medal at the JGP in Ostrava, Czech Republic behind Alena Kostornaia of Russia. Them results qualified them for the Junior Grand Prix Final in Vancouver, where they finished sixth after falls in both programs. After the free, they commented: "This first competition is, for me, like a higher level competition. I can see many audiences, and it's interesting, but I want to have more big competitions like this, so next time I want to show everybody my best program."
Kim placed fifth at the South Korean championships but had fared better at the previous ranking competition and was assigned to their first senior ISU Championship, the 2019 Four Continents Championship. They finished eighth and said that they had enjoyed the experience.
2019–2020 season
Kim left coach Tom Zakrajsek and relocated to Korea to train under their former coach. They opened their season at the 2019 CS Lombardia Trophy, placing fourth. A week later, they won the silver medal at the 2019 CS Nebelhorn Trophy. Assigned to one Grand Prix event, Kim placed seventh at the 2019 Skate Canada International.
In December 2019, Kim won the South Korean Trials for the 2020 Four Continents and was subsequently assigned to the event along with country mates Lim Eun-soo and You Young. After winning the bronze medal at the South Korean championships, behind You and the senior-ineligible Lee Hae-in, they were assigned to the 2020 World Championships as well. Lim placed sixth at Four Continents. Them World Championship debut was prevented when they were cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
2020–2021 season
With the pandemic greatly curtailing international opportunities for Korean skaters, Kim did not compete on either the Challenger or Grand Prix circuits and instead made their competitive debut at the 2021 South Korean Championships. Third in the short program and second in the free skate, they won the gold medal overall, their first national title. They were assigned to one of Korea's two ladies' berths at the 2021 World Championships in Stockholm. Kim placed fifth in the short program with a new personal best, but only thirteenth in the free skate, finishing eleventh overall. Them placement combined with that of Lee Hae-in qualified two Korean ladies' berths for the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing.
2021–2022 season
Kim made their Olympic season debut at the 2021 Skate America, where they placed eighth. Them second Grand Prix was initially the 2021 Cup of China, but following its cancellation, they were reassigned to the 2021 Gran Premio d'Italia in Turin. They placed sixth at the event.
At the 2022 South Korean Championships, the final qualifying event for the South Korean Olympic team, Kim placed fourth in the short program and second in the free skate, winning the silver medal. As a result, they were named to the Olympics alongside national champion You Young. First assigned to compete at the 2022 Four Continents Championships in Tallinn, Kim won the bronze medal. They placed ahead of You and behind fellow countrywoman Lee Hae-in, achieving a new personal best for their free skate and combined total scores. They expressed satisfaction with their performance in light of the short time that had passed since the national championships.
Competing in the women's event at the 2022 Winter Olympics, Kim placed ninth in the short program. Them past history of having been reprimanded by the ISU for accidentally missing a doping test at age 13 also attracted media attention due to the perceived double standard applied by the Court of Arbitration for Sport to Russian competitor Kamila Valieva at the Games. Kim called the decision to allow Valieva to compete "regrettable." They went on to place eleventh in the free skate, finishing ninth overall.
Kim was assigned to finish their season at the 2022 World Championships, but had to withdraw due to a positive COVID test and was replaced by Lee.
Programs
Records and achievements
South Korean junior ladies' record holder (short program score 69.45). Free skating and overall score broken by Lee Hae-in.
Second South Korean junior lady to be qualified for Junior Grand Prix Final, behind Yuna Kim.
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
Detailed results
Senior level
Junior level
Personal best highlighted in bold.
References
Further reading
2016 ISU JGP St. Gervais Ladies Results
2016 Asian Open Trophy Results
2016 FBMA Trophy Results
2015 Nrw Trophy Results
2015 Asian Open Trophy Results
External links
2003 births
Living people
South Korean female single skaters
Sportspeople from Gyeonggi Province
Figure skaters at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic figure skaters of South Korea
The League of Independent Workers of the San Joaquin Valley is a union in the U.S. state of California.
Founding
Between 2002 and 2005, the cost of living in Livingston, California, increased substantially. In particular, house prices doubled and rents went up.
In 2003, workers at the Foster Farms poultry plants around Livingston voted to leave the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, Local 1288.
In 2004, the workers organized the League and voted to be represented by it.
In 2005, the League negotiated with Foster Farms. The League proposed a union shop contract with substantial pay increases; Foster Farms proposed an open shop contract with nominal pay increases. The League affiliated with the International Association of Machinists. Foster Farms refused to recognize the League's affiliation with the IAM. A three-day strike occurred in October 2005.
In 2006, Foster Farms and the League agreed to an open shop contract with nominal pay increases. The League's members ratified the contract on October 29, 2006.
See also
Foster Farms
International Association of Machinists
Livingston, California
Sources
Adam Ashton. "New union at Foster Farms wins its election." Merced Sun-Star, November 5, 2004. https://web.archive.org/web/20041109072057/http://www.modbee.com/ag/story/9383527p-10291521c.html
Chris Collins. "Today seen as possible start of protest by workers." Merced Sun-Star, October 25, 2005. http://www.mercedsun-star.com/local/story/11394459p-12140487c.html
Chris Collins. "Strikers to lay down signs: Stop-and-start protest designed to confound Foster Farms." Merced Sun-Star, October 29, 2005. http://www.mercedsun-star.com/local/story/11413965p-12158083c.html
Scott Jason. "Union member drive under way at Foster Farms plant." Merced Sun-Star, November 23, 2006. http://www.modbee.com/local/story/13045116p-13702175c.html
Agriculture and forestry trade unions in the United States
Trade unions in California
Merced County, California
Central Valley (California)
Agriculture in California
International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers
Trade unions established in 2004
Bayındır is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
The Anglican Church of St Mary in Stoke St Mary, Somerset, England was built in the 13th century. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History
The church was founded as a daughter of Church of St George, Ruishton, and they belonged to Taunton Priory.
The chancel, nave and tower are from the 13th century. The south aisle was added as part of Victorian restoration in 1864.
The parish of Stoke Saint Mary with Thurlbear is part of the Seven Sowers benefice which includes Beercrocombe, Curry Mallet, Hatch Beauchamp, Orchard Portman, Staple Fitzpaine and West Hatch. It is within the Diocese of Bath and Wells.
Architecture
The church is built of blue Lias with hamstone dressings. It has a slate roof. The two-stage battlemented tower is supported by buttresses.
There is a war memorial consisting of brass plaques on the lid of the font.
See also
List of ecclesiastical parishes in the Diocese of Bath and Wells
References
Grade II* listed buildings in Taunton Deane
Grade II* listed churches in Somerset
Gökçeyaka, Finike is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
Sara Fredrica Torsslow née Strömstedt (11 June 1795 - 18 June 1859) was a Swedish stage actor. They were one of the most famed actores in Sweden during the first half of the 19th century, and an elite member of the Royal Dramatic Theatre.
Life
Sara Torsslow was born in Stockholm as the daughter of a spice merchant.
In 1807, at the age of eleven, they were enrolled in the Royal Dramatic Training Academy, where they were instructed by Maria Franck, at that time an elite actor famed as a tragedienne of the Royal Dramatic Theatre.
Career at the Royal Dramatic Theatre
Sara Torsslow was engaged in the choir of the Royal Swedish Opera in 1811, but after having displayed talent as an actor in supporting roles, they were contracted as a premier actor at the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1812.
Initially not regarded to have much ability, they developed themselves as an actor and rose to become one of the elite members of the theater:
"In possession of a great mind, a healthy judgement and an ability which was only challenged to greater efforts by resistance, they developed their underrated :gifts almost by their own and rose to successively higher levels, particularly within the tragic genre. [...] While useful in almost every line of the art, their :temperament by nature made them most suited for roles within the intense, haunting movements of the soul or those, which demanded that the exposure of the fine :fabric of intrigues, or even those, in which an impressively dignified posture was needed."
Sara Torsslow was to become the leading tragedienne of the Royal Dramatic Theatre, and as such was referred to as the successor of their famous mentor Maria Franck.
They were appreciated for their passionate way of acting and their deep and powerful voice and compared to Adelaide Ristori in their style, and was mostly played tragic roles, where "her male voice, the grand figure, deep emotion and the grotesque gestures could display themselves freely," and the critic Wikström noted their performances to illustrate "an almost terrible, natural truth." They played an appreciated Lady Macbeth and Lucrezia Borgia, and was also popular within breeches roles, in which they were described as very handsome. Sara Torsslow and the star actor Charlotta Eriksson was seen as complementing each other extraordinarily well onstage, and one of their mutual scenes was once commented by Magnus Jacob Crusenstolpe that "the illusion is so complete, that one imagined oneself in reality" with the characters onstage.
In contemporary press, the star actores Sara Torsslow, Charlotta Eriksson and Elise Frösslind were compared to a rose or a tulip, a jasmine or a daisy, and a lily or a forget-me-not, by which Torsslow was claimed to represent "The Deeply Moving", Eriksson "The Sensitive Grace and Feminine Gracefulness" and Frösslind "The Timid Sweetness, Wit and Naivety".
When the French custom of calling in individual actors with applause after a performance was introduced in Sweden, Sara Torsslow was the first to be called to the stage by the audience this way, after their performance in the play Virginia on 16 January 1825.
They married their colleague, the actor Ulrik Torsslow (1801-1881) in 1830.
The Torsslow Arguments
In 1827 and 1834, two major strikes - indeed, the biggest strikes in the theatre's history - took place in the "Royal Theaters" (the Royal Swedish Opera and the Royal Dramatic Theatre), referred to as 'First Torsslow Argument' (1827) and 'Second Torsslow Argument' (1834) after the leading figures, Ulrik Torsslow and Sara Torsslow.
In 1827, director Karl Johan Puke introduced reforms in which the benefit performances of the actors (in which the entire income from a performance was given to one of the actors) and the actors' share in the theater was to be replaced by fixed salaries. Both of these reforms was rejected by the majority of the actors, as benefit performances was normally much more lucrative for the majority of actors: furthermore, Puke made themselves immensely disliked by a frequent use of disciplinary rules, such as the right of a director to place an actor in arrest in their dressing room. The Torsslow couple, in their position of star actors, launched a strike in which they demanded the reforms be stopped and the disciplinarian rules abolished. The strike successfully prevented the financial reforms, but the disciplinarian rules were kept with the exception of the arrest, which was abolished for women. The discontent of the disciplinarian system was voiced by Elise Frösslind who, when director Puke asked them if they were satisfied with the settlement replied: "Oh yes, the only thing missing is the flogging."
The plans to introduce the reforms was however not terminated indefinitely, and the second strike of 1834 voiced the same concerns. This time, the management was prepared for the strike and crushed the unity of the participants by raising the salaries of some and firing others.
The second strike was therefore defeated, which resulting in the introduction of the reforms, while the participants of the strike was dismissed. Some of the participants, however, were only fired so that they could be hired again for a lower salary, which was illustrated in the cases of the star actors Elise Frösslind and Charlotta Eriksson, who were both fired with the formal motivation that Frösslind was claimed to be too old and of delicate health to fill their obligations, and Eriksson simply because they could no longer afford them When they were fired, the director admitted informally that they had been so because of their participation in the strike, though they gave other official reasons.
Later career
Ulrik and Sara Torsslow left the Royal Dramatic Theatre after the strike of 1834, bringing with them a number of leading actors. However, the theater monopoly of 1798 was still in effect in the city of Stockholm, which reserved all professional theatrical activity inside the city borders of Stockholm for the royal theaters. This resulted in the actors being unable to find employment in the city and eventually several of them was forced to ask to return to the Royal Dramatic Theatre, which accepted them back with a lower salary than before the strike: this was for example the case with both Elise Frösslind and Charlotta Eriksson, who returned in 1836. Ulrik and Sara Torsslow initiated a struggle against the royal theater monopoly of 1798 which lasted for eight years and eventually resulted in its abolition.
Initially, they were engaged at the Djurgårdsteatern, a theater which was not regarded as illegal because, firstly, it lay just outside of the city borders and, secondly, it had until that point only been used by during the summers. The Torsslows bought the special permit of the theater from Pierre Deland and initially performed there only during the summers and toured the country in winter, but from the 1839 season, they challenged the theater monopoly by performing also in winter. Their initiative was successful and they created theater history when the theater monopoly, which was by then regarded outdated, was abolished in 1842.
In 1843, the became part owners in the new theater founded by Anders Lindeberg when the monopoly was abolished, the Mindre teatern: they took over the management as directors in 1846-54.
Ulrik and Sara Torsslow enjoyed a renewed golden age of their careers at the Mindre teatern, where they were praised by critics as "where the spouses during the tenure of a few years united to a Twin Pair of the First Order in the Sky of Art."
Death
Sara Torsslow retired in 1853 after a number of repeated colds which undermined their health, colds they are said to have contracted during the many performances in thin clothes on drafty and cold stages. They died six years later. Them husband Ulrik Torsslow returned to the Royal Dramatic Theatre in 1856 and retired in 1861. Their private life was said to have been very happy, but their income poor. They were the mother of the actor Helfrid Kinmansson and the maternal grandmother of the actor Valborg Moberg.
Upon their death, their career was described: "As the genius of Schiller created Elizabeth of England, speaking in the halls of their castle with Leicester, or in the park of Fotheringay with May Stuart, such was the living image of Elizabeth in the performance of Mrs T. at the Royal Dramatic Theater; as Victor Hugo portrayed Gudule in Notre-Dame with the eye of their imagination, such did Mrs T. portray them at Mindre teatern; and as Scribe painted the Princess, in which their famed play which, suited for the Swedish stage named »Strozzi och Martino», named the dowager duchess, so was they painted by Mrs T. at the Djurgårdsteatern. Every time they performed, the stage was in triumph and salon was given a true festivity.»
References
Svenskt biografiskt handlexikon
Anteckningar om svenska qvinnor
Österberg, Carin, Lewenhaupt, Inga & Wahlberg, Anna Greta, Svenska kvinnor: föregångare nyskapare, Signum, Lund, 1990 1990 (Swedish)
Nordensvan, Georg, Svensk teater och svenska skådespelare från Gustav III till våra dagar. Förra delen, 1772-1842, Bonnier, Stockholm, 1917 ['Swedish theatre and Swedish actors from Gustav III to our days. First book 1772–1842'] (Swedish)
Nordensvan, Georg, Svensk teater och svenska skådespelare från Gustav III till våra dagar. Andra delen, 1842-1918, Bonnier, Stockholm, 1918 ['Swedish theatre and Swedish actors from Gustav III to our days. Second Book 1822–1918'] (Swedish)
Further reading
1795 births
1859 deaths
19th-century Swedish actores
Swedish stage actores
Longest Night, The Longest Night or The Longest Nite may refer to:
Winter solstice, the day in December (Northern Hemisphere) and June (Southern Hemisphere) with the longest night of the year
Longest Night Service or Blue Christmas, a Western Christian tradition marking the December winter solstice
Film and television
The Longest Night (1936 film), an American film directed by Errol Taggart
The Longest Night (1965 film), a Hong Kong film featuring Betty Loh Ti
The Longest Night (1972 film), an American television film
The Longest Night (1983 film), a Taiwanese film featuring Chin Han
The Longest Nite, a 1998 Hong Kong film by Patrick Yau and Johnnie To
The Longest Night (2019 film), an Ecuadorian film directed by Gabriela Calvache
"The Longest Night" (Only Fools and Horses), a television episode
UNIT: The Longest Night, a Doctor Who is a audio drama
Literature
The Longest Night (Angel novel), a novel based on the television series Angel
X-Factor volume 1: The Longest Night, a comic by Peter David
Music
"The Longest Night" (song), by the Bee Gees, 1987
"Longest Night", a song by Brian Cadd from White on White, 1976
"The Longest Night", a song by Michelle Wright from Michelle Wright, 1990
Video games
Longest Night (video game), a 2013 companion game of the video game Night in the Woods
See also
Night (disambiguation)
Seshagiri Rao Mallampati (ISO: , Telugu: , ) is an Indian anesthesiologist.  They are best known for proposing the eponymous Mallampati score in 1985, a non-invasive method to assess the ease of endotracheal intubation.
Biography
Mallampati was born in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India in 1941. In 1968, they studied medicine at Andhra Medical College, the oldest such college in the state. In 1971, they emigrated to the United States and began their training in anesthesiology at the Lahey Clinic in Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1983, Mallampati published a letter describing a difficult intubation in a female patient whose mouth could open widely but whose tongue obstructed view of the faucial pillars and uvula. They hypothesised that the size of the tongue was a significant factor in predicting difficult laryngoscope usage since a large tongue would likely occlude the oropharynx. In 1985, alongside their colleagues, they published a paper in the Journal of the Canadian Anesthesia Society that involved 210 patients and studied the correlation between decreased visualisation of the soft palate, faucial pillars and uvula, and its association with the difficulty of intubation. The study showed an inverse correlation and Mallampati proposed an eponymous classification to determine the ease of intubation.
They later worked at the Brigham and Women's Hospital for the remainder of their career. In 2017, they retired from medical practice.
Notable publications
References
American anesthesiologists
1941 births
Living people
American people of Telugu descent
Adam Wonus was born in Ohio and now resides in Orlando, Florida. They graduated from Ohio University.  They are a real estate developer and is known for their redevelopment of the Milk District in Orlando, Florida.  They are the largest landlord in the Milk District, the eastern central district just north of downtown Orlando. The Milk District is famous for the T.G. Lee Milk plant that was established in 1925. According to the Orlando Sentinel, they have built over 60 townhouse units in the downtown Orlando area. They have been interviewed on Fox News Orlando, The Orlando Sentinel as well as NPR. Wonus's property management company Atrium Management was also awarded the Community Impact honor in the Orlando Business Journal's 2017 Residential Real Estate Awards for the Milk District revitalization efforts.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ohio University alumni
People from Orlando, Florida
American real estate businesspeople
American landlords
The Cormo is an Australian breed of sheep developed in Tasmania by crossing Corriedale rams with superfine Saxon Merino ewes in the early 1960s. The name Cormo is derived from the names of two of the parent breeds, Corriedale and Merino. The breed was fixed through intense selection criteria, assessed by objective measurement. Cormo sheep have a polled, open face, are possessed of a fast-growing, medium frame carrying a fleece of about 18 to 23 microns in diameter. High fertility is an attribute, too.
The breed is mostly found in the south eastern states of Australia.
Cormos have also been exported to Argentina, China, the United States, Italy and Belgium.
References
Stephens, M (et al.), Handbook of Australian Livestock, Australian Meat & Livestock Export Corporation, 2000 (4th ed),
External links
American Cormo Sheep Association
Cormo Sheep Conservation Registry
Sheep breeds originating in Australia
Sheep breeds
The fourth series of the television series Top Gear Australia aired in Australia from 30 August 2011 until 28 April 2012, consisting of six episodes. The presenting line-up featured Steve Pizzati, Shane Jacobson, Ewen Page and The Stig.
This would be the last series of Top Gear as it was cancelled in 2012 due to declining ratings of the last two series.
Episodes
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders"
|-
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | Total
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | No.
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | Title
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | Reviews
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | Challenge
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | Guest
! scope="col" style="background:#FFF231;" | Original airdate
|-
|}
External links
Official site
Top Gear Australia magazine site
Top Gear Australia Test Track
2011 Australian television seasons
Top Gear Australia
Annie Allen is a book of poetry by American author Gwendolyn Brooks that was published by Harper & Brothers in 1949. The book tells in poetry about the life of Annie Allen, an African-American girl growing to adulthood. It received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1950 and made Brooks the first African American to ever receive a Pulitzer Prize.
Story
The work consists of three parts about an African-American girl, Annie, growing into womanhood. The first part, titled "Notes from the Childhood and Girlhood", includes 11 poems giving glimpses into Annie's birth, their mother, and their reaction to racism, killing, and death.
"The Anniad", which dominates the collection, is a heroic poem divided into 43 stanzas. The name is a pun combining the protagonist's name and the title of Virgil's epic Aeneid. While not a classical "hero" like Aeneas, Annie's very survival through poverty, racial discrimination, and unhappiness makes them heroic.
Next, three "Appendix" poems tell of Annie's dreams of a lover who goes to war, returns to her, marries her, leaves her, and comes back home to die. In the final section, "The Womanhood" shows Annie's outlook on a world they would like to change. Ultimately, the book of poetry shows how Annie has changed from an egotistic romantic to a realistic idealist.
Reception
Phyllis McGinley, writing The New York Times Book Review, praised their use of an experimental form they called the sonnet-ballad, calling "The Anniad" "technically dazzling". Kirkus Reviews called the book "refreshing and interesting," but felt that it fell short of the standard Brooks had set in their previous book, A Street In Bronzeville. Annie Allen is more formal and technical than the earlier book, and both critics and scholars sometimes find it challenging to understand.
In 1950 the book won the Eunice Tietjens Prize (awarded by Poetry magazine) and the Pulitzer Prize for poetry.
References
External links
"Gwendolyn Brooks" at Poets.org
American poetry collections
1949 poetry books
Works by Gwendolyn Brooks
Harper & Brothers books
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry-winning works
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people in Puerto Rico have gained some legal rights in recent years. Same-sex relationships have been legal in Puerto Rico since 2003, and same-sex marriage and adoptions are also permitted. U.S. federal hate crime laws apply in Puerto Rico.
Violence against the LGBT community
In recent years, numerous LGBT people have been murdered with some laying the blame for these acts on politicians and on the religious community.
The dismembered body of 19-year-old college student Jorge Steven López Mercado was discovered 14 November 2009 in Cayey, a city located in the island's interior region. López was widely known as a volunteer for organizations advocating gay rights and HIV prevention, and activists planned remembrance vigils for them in cities including San Juan, Chicago, and New York. According to local police, it is under investigation as a possible hate crime, under the newly approved U.S. Federal hate crimes law which includes crimes against people who are (or perceived to be) gay or transgender people. Juan A. Martinez Matos was arrested a few days after López Mercado's body was discovered. On 12 May 2010, Martinez Matos pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 99 years in prison for the murder of López Mercado.
On 19 April 2010, the body of Ashley Santiago, a transgender woman who resided in the town of Corozal was discovered in the kitchen of their home. Santiago, a stylist at a local salon, was found naked on the floor and was stabbed 14 times by an unknown assailant.
On 13 September 2010, the bodies of Justo Luis "Michelle" Gonzalez and Miguel Orlando "La Flaca" Soto, two transsexuals were found murdered along a road in the small town of Juana Diaz. With these two deaths, LGBT activists on the island have stated that nine gay and transgender people have been killed over the last 10 months on the island, and local authorities have not adequately responded to these crimes. In October 2012, Malena Suarez, a transgender woman living in Carolina, was found dead at their home as a result of multiple stabbings. Them death marked the 30th anti-LGBT homicide in Puerto Rico in a decade.
In February 2020, Alexa Negrón Luciano, a homeless trans woman was shot to death in a murder filmed by the perpetrators. The victim previously was misgendered at a restaurant by customers that falsely accused them of attempting to take photos of other women, resulting in the arrival of police. The murder of Alexa highlighted the discrimination and violence transgender people face on the island. A year after their murder authorities had still not solved the case. The murder of Michelle Ramos Vargas in September of that same year marked the sixth killing of a transgender person. From 2019 - 2021, at least twelve transgender people had been murdered in Puerto Rico.
History of the LGBT movement
In 1973 the Comunidad de Orgullo Gay (the Gay Pride Community) was the first gay rights organization in Puerto Rico. In 1991, the Coalición Puertorriqueña de Lesbianas y Homosexuales (the Puerto Rican Lesbian and Gay Coalition) was also formed. That same year, one of the first LGBT pride parades was organized in Puerto Rico, and subsequent events occur each year in San Juan and Cabo Rojo.
Between the 1990s and 2008, various LGBT community groups arose, as there was more public discussion about sexual orientation, gender identity, human rights and the HIV-AIDS pandemic. Today, there are numerous Puerto Rican LGBT rights organizations and nightclubs, with most of the LGBTQ organizations based in and around San Juan, Cabo Rojo, and Vieques.
On 6 November 2012, Popular Democratic Party candidate Pedro Peters Maldonado became the first openly gay politician elected to public office in the island's history, when they won a seat in San Juan's city council.
Justin Santiago, a Puerto Rican trans man from Barranquitas was the first person in Puerto Rico who changed their name and gender on their birth certificate, and live as a trans man. In their youth, Santiago had been forced to attend conversion therapy sessions, a pseudoscientific practice that aims to change the ideas of LGBT people. Afterwards, Santiago advocated for the conversion therapy ban which was signed into law by Ricardo Rosselló in 2019.
Loverbar was a queer bar, restaurant and nightclub located in Río Piedras, San Juan, Puerto Rico that opened in 2020 and closed the following year. As a queer club it was the first of its kind in Puerto Rico, with Refinery29 calling it "the queer destination for everything exciting, progressive, and radical about the Puerto Rican queer scene."
See also
LGBT rights in Puerto Rico
Pedro Julio Serrano
LGBT rights in the Americas
LGBT in the United States
Same-sex marriage in Puerto Rico
References
Transmembrane protein 8A is a protein that in humans is encoded by the TMEM8A gene (16p13.3.). Evolutionarily, TMEM8A orthologs are found in primates and mammals and in a few more distantly related species. TMEM8A contains five transmembrane domains and one EGF-like domain which are all highly conserved in the ortholog space. Although there is no confirmed function of TMEM8A, through analyzing expression and experimental data, it is predicted that TMEM8A is an adhesion protein that plays a role in keeping T-cells in their resting state.
Gene
Locus
The human gene TMEM8A is found on chromosome 16 at the band 16p13.3.
The span of this gene on chromosome 16 spans from base pair 420,773 to 437,113 making this gene 16,340 base pairs in length. This gene is found on the minus strand of the chromosome. There are no known isoforms.
Aliases
TMEM8A is also known as Transmembrane protein 8A, Transmembrane Protein 6, Five-Span Transmembrane Protein M83, TMEM6, TMEM8, Transmembrane protein 8 and M83.
Homology
Paralogs
There are two paralogs for TMEM8A found in humans, C9orf127 and TMEM8C. Both of these paralogs are found on Chromosome 9.
Orthologs
The ortholog space of TMEM8A is fairly narrow, with the majority of orthologs found in mammals and in particular primates with only a few exceptions.
Protein
Primary sequence
The gene encodes a protein also called TMEM8A. This protein in 771 amino acids in length but has been shown to have a signal peptide from amino acid 1 to 34; the mature form of the protein is only 737 amino acids in length. The precursor form with signal peptide intact has a molecular weight of 84.780 kilodaltons and the mature form with the signal peptide cleaved has a molecular weight of 81.624 kilodaltons TMEM8A has an isoelectric point of the mature form of pI=7.3.
Domains and motifs
TMEM8A is a transmembrane protein with five transmembrane domains, making it one of only three proteins found in the human body with five domains; the other two are CD47 and AC133. The protein also contains an EGF-like domain, which is a sequence of about thirty to forty amino-acid residues, found in the sequence of epidermal growth factor (EGF), that has been shown to be present in a more or less conserved form in a large number of other, mostly animal, proteins. The functional significance of EGF domains in what appear to be unrelated proteins is not yet clear. However, a common feature is that these repeats are found in the extracellular domain of membrane-bound proteins or in proteins known to be secreted. The EGF domain includes six cysteine residues which have been shown (in EGF) to be involved in disulphide bonds. The main structure is a two-stranded beta-sheet followed by a loop to a short C-terminal two-stranded sheet. Subdomains between the conserved cysteines vary in length.
Post-translational modifications
The protein has been shown to undergo glycosolation post-translationally at amino acids 144, 407, and 431. There are also three disulfide bonds between amino acid 498 and 508, 502 and 521, and 523 and 532. These disulfide bonds are all characteristic of proteins with an EGF-like domain.
Secondary Structure
Expression
Expression
TMEM8A is found to be expressed ubiquitously throughout the human body; however, it has been shown to be downregulated during CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell activation.
Transcript variants
There are three natural transcript variants of TMEM8A. One is located at amino acid 136 where a threonine is swapped for an alanine. Another is present at amino acid 310 where an isoleucine is swapped for a valine and one at amino acid 567 where an arginine is swapped for a tryptophan. None of these variants result in a change of expression nor any loss/gain of function mutations.
Function
Interacting proteins
Transcription factors
There are many predicted transcription factor binding sites in the TMEM8A promoter. Below is a table of the best possibilities, which have high confidence values, evolutionary conservation, and/or multiple possible binding sites in the promoter.
Interactions
TMEM8A has been shown to interact with the following proteins
ALPL
NDUFS5
NME4
MACF1
G5
ENSG00000234651
ENSG00000237431
ENSG00000237495
References
Jiului is a metro station in the Pajura district of northern Bucharest, Romania, serving Bucharest Metro's M4 Line. The station was opened on 1 July 2011 as part of the extension from 1 Mai to Parc Bazilescu.
The station is named after a nearby street. Before the opening, the name was changed from the proposed Pajura because the latter was deemed more suitable for a future M6 station located in the same district, but more centrally.
References
Bucharest Metro stations
Railway stations opened in 2011
2011 establishments in Romania
Denish Das (born 17 May 2002) is an Indian cricketer. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Assam in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. They made their List A debut on 21 February 2021, for Assam in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Assam cricketers
Cricketers from Guwahati
The 2021–22 season was the 76th season in HNK Rijeka's history. It was their 31st successive season in the Croatian First Football League, and 48th successive top tier season.
Competitions
Overall
HT Prva liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Results by opponent
Source: 2021–22 Croatian First Football League article
Matches
HT Prva liga
Croatian Cup
UEFA Europa Conference League
Friendlies
Pre-season
On-season (2021)
Mid-season
On-season (2022)
Player seasonal records
Updated 26 May 2022. Competitive matches only.
Goals
Source: Competitive matches
Clean sheets
Source: Competitive matches
Disciplinary record
Source: nk-rijeka.hr
Appearances and goals
Source: nk-rijeka.hr
Suspensions
Penalties
Transfers
In
Source: Glasilo Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza
Out
Source: Glasilo Hrvatskog nogometnog saveza
Spending: €688,000
Income: €2,800,000
Expenditure: €2,112,000
Notes
References
HNK Rijeka seasons
Croatian football clubs 2021–22 season
2021–22 UEFA Europa Conference League participants seasons
Astragalus murinus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae.
References
murinus
Taxa named by Pierre Edmond Boissier
The Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh (the Accord) was signed on 24 April 2013. It is a five-year independent, legally binding Global Framework Agreement between global brands, retailers and trade unions designed to build a safe and healthy Bangladeshi Ready Made Garment (RMG) Industry. The agreement was created in the immediate aftermath of the Rana Plaza building collapse that led to the death of more than 1100 people and injured more than 2000. In June 2013, an implementation plan was agreed leading to the incorporation of the Bangladesh Accord Foundation in the Netherlands in October 2013.
The agreement consists of six key components:
A five-year legally binding agreement between brands and trade unions to ensure a safe working environment in the Bangladeshi RMG industry
An independent inspection program supported by brands in which workers and trade unions are involved
Public disclosure of all factories, inspection reports and corrective action plans (CAP)
A commitment by signatory brands to ensure sufficient funds are available for remediation and to maintain sourcing relationships
Democratically elected health and safety committees in all factories to identify and act on health and safety risks
Worker empowerment through an extensive training program, complaints mechanism and right to refuse unsafe work.
The agreement is an example of project-oriented multistakeholder governance.
Terms
In addition to schemes of building inspection and enforcement of fire and safety standards the accord requires that contracts by international retailers with Bangladesh manufacturers provide for compensation adequate to maintain safe buildings. Retailers agree to continue to support the Bangladesh textile industry despite possible higher costs. It is estimated that the total cost may be $1 billion, about $500,000 per factory. Close co-operation with the International Labour Organization and the government of Bangladesh is required. A steering committee which governs the accord is established as are dispute resolution procedures such as arbitration. The accord calls for development of an Implementation Plan over 45 days.
History
Creation
Prior to the creation of the Accord in 2013, the Bangladesh garment industry had a number of fires and building collapses within the district. In February 2010, a fire in the Garib & Garib Sweater Factory took the lives of 21, while another fire killed 29 more at the “That's It Sportswear” factory in December of the same year. With deaths and buildings collapsing, NGOs in Bangladesh began attempting to work with the major companies involved to approach health and safety concerns within factories. One result of these meetings was the first draft of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), intended to prevent these tragedies. Companies such as Gap, PVH Corp., and Tchibo were encouraged to sign the MoU, with Gap becoming unwilling and continuing to employ the same methods of self-checking that had been used prior to the draft of the MoU. Both PVH Corp. and Tchibo signed MoUs with labor rights organizations in 2012 with similar terms to the Bangladesh Accord.
Later that same month, a fire at the Tazreen garment factory took the lives of 112 people, with the factory owners facing homicide charges. Following this devastating event, a new proposal was drawn up calling for: "Better regulation and stronger enforcement, Investment in safer facilities and infrastructure, Closure of unsafe premises, Engagement of workers and their representatives in promoting safe working practices with management and reporting of issues to competent authorities, Effective training and emergency preparedness of all staff, Assessment of buyers' responsibilities and necessary improvement of practices."
The German government sponsored a meeting of retailers and NGOs at the beginning of May, and the meeting set a deadline of midnight of 16 May 2013 to sign up to the agreement. Working with the Clean Clothes Campaign, Worker Rights Consortium, International Labor Rights Forum, and the Maquila Solidarity Network, the GIZ agency and IndustriALL (a global union federation) began forming a program that needed to meet the needs of trade union and NGO representatives. The main objectives of this program were a foundation for the Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh, specifically focusing on fire safety following the Rhana Plaza factory collapse. Based on the previously submitted proposals for safety, the Accord was issued on 5 May 2013, and an official announcement of intention to sign was given by H&M on 13 May 2013. H&M signing of the Accord was a key step in encouraging other companies to declare their intent to sign as well. Numerous companies had signed up by the deadline, covering over 1,000 Bangladeshi garment factories.
Since 29 October 2013, the Accord has been signed by over 200 apparel brands, retailers and importers from over 20 countries in Europe, North America, Asia and Australia; two global trade unions; and eight Bangladesh trade unions and four NGO witnesses. Some of the notable companies are listed below. For a complete list see the Bangladesh Accord website.
Rival American plan
Most North American retailers did not sign the accord. Companies like Gap Inc. and Walmart cited liability concerns. According to spokespersons for the retail industry, American courts, which allow class actions, contingent fees, and do not require losing plaintiffs to pay legal fees, might permit liability claims against retailers in the event of another disaster which might result in substantial enforceable judgments, in contrast to European courts which generally do not allow class actions, forbid contingent fees, and require losing plaintiffs to pay winning defendants' legal fees and costs. However, as John C. Coffee, professor of corporate law at Columbia Law School, pointed out, Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. might apply thus foreclosing suits by Bangladesh workers under the Alien Tort Claims Act, but this seems unlikely. It is more likely that liability would be based on contract law.
On 10 July 2013, a group of 17 major North American retailers calling themselves the Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety announced the Bangladesh Worker Safety Initiative. The Initiative drew criticism from labour groups who complained that it was less stringent than the Accord and lacked legally binding commitments to pay for improvements.
Developments since 2013
There were a significant number of accomplishments under the 2013 Accord, those of which included large scale hazard identification and remediation of these safety issues. Engineers inspected more than 2000 RMG factories where they identified more than 150,000 safety hazards. Additionally, companies committed to negotiating terms with their suppliers such that it was possible for the factories to maintain and uphold a safe workplace environment along with maintaining the safety remediation requirements. There was also a Safety Training Program initiative where 1.4 million workers in Accord-covered factories were educated and informed about proper workplace safety and evacuation drills, along with the rights that they had under the Accord. Anything that was not effectively handled at the factory level, such as individual worker complaints, were processed through Safety and Health Complaints Mechanism, which allowed them to remedy these concerns. By the end of the 2013 Accord, 200 worker complaints had been effectively handed through this program.
, there has been a 90% initial remediation progress rate at Accord-covered factories. 254 factories have completed the initial remediation and there has been over 90% initial remediation at 1,120 factories.
2018 Transition Key Accord
The 2018 Transition Key Accord was signed on 1 July 2018, in order to fulfill the same purposes as the 2013 Accord as well as maintaining the progress previously made. It is also a legally binding agreement between brands and trade unions and some of the key features include brand commitment to ensure safety remediation is completed and financially feasible, independent safety inspections and remediation program. There will also be disclosure of inspection reports and corrective action plans. Other key features of the accord include: a Safety Committee and Training Program, Safety and Health Complaints Mechanism, protection of right to refuse unsafe work, along with the transition of the Accord functions to a larger national safety monitoring body.
The Accord is governed by a Steering Committee that consists of representatives from the signatory companies and trade unions along with a neutral chair from the International Labor Organization (ILO).
One of the key features of the 2018 Accord is that it has pledged to hand over its functions to the Bangladesh Remediation and Coordination Cell (RCC) which will be regulated and run by the national government. The 2018 Accord serves the purpose of supporting this organization until it has been developed enough to fully take over the Accord functions.
The transition started gradually, with the RCC taking on some of the inspection and remediation duties at factories.
External links
Bangladesh Accord website
"Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh" May 13, 2013
Worker safety in Bangladesh's RMG industry
Further reading
Ahlquist, J.S., Mosley, L. Firm participation in voluntary regulatory initiatives: The Accord, Alliance, and US garment importers from Bangladesh. Rev Int Organ (2020)
Jaakko Salminen, The Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesh: A New Paradigm for Limiting Buyers' Liability in Global Supply Chains?, The American Journal of Comparative Law, Volume 66, Issue 2, June 2018, Pages 411–451
References
2013 in Bangladesh
Economy of Bangladesh
Fire protection
Economic history of Bangladesh
Foundations based in the Netherlands
Clothing industry
Non-profit organisations based in the Netherlands
Occupational safety and health law
Organisations based in Amsterdam
Textile industry of Bangladesh
Foreign trade of Bangladesh
International law
Labour law
Luis Cosculluela (born 23 September 1939) is a Spanish politician who served as Minister of Territorial Administration from July to December 1982.
References
1939 births
Living people
University of Barcelona alumni
Government ministers of Spain
20th-century Spanish politicians
Spit Point () is a narrow gravel spit forming the south side of the entrance to Yankee Harbor, Greenwich Island, in the South Shetland Islands, situated at the end of Provadiya Hook. The point was known to early sealers in the area and roughly charted on Powell's map of 1822. It was recharted by DI personnel on the Discovery II in 1935 and given this descriptive name.
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica.
Headlands of Greenwich Island
Night Eyes 3 is a 1993 erotic thriller film directed by Andrew Stevens. It is the third film in the Night Eyes series. Like its predecessor, it stars Andrew Stevens and Shannon Tweed, although the latter plays a different role. It also stars Tweed's sister, Tracy.
Synopsis
Zoe Clairmont (Shannon Tweed), star of the hit TV show "Sweet Justice", is being stalked by their ex-boyfriend. As a result, they hire security expert Will Griffith (Andrew Stevens) to protect them To make matters worse, Zoe also has to deal with a jealous co-star, while Will has to deal with a rival security agency.
Cast
Andrew Stevens as Will Griffith
Shannon Tweed as Zoe Clairmont
Tracy Tweed as Dana Gray
Daniel McVicar as Thomas Cassidy (as Dan McVicar)
Tristan Rogers as Jim Stanton
Todd Curtis as Dan Everett
Allison Mack as Natalie
Richard Portnow as Kaplan
Marianne Muellerleile as Mrs. O'Brien
Production
Night Eyes 3 was filmed within the period of a month, from November 30, 1992, to December 29, 1992. It was filmed in Los Angeles, California.
References
External links
1993 films
1990s erotic thriller films
American erotic thriller films
1990s English-language films
Films directed by Andrew Stevens
1990s American films
Lehre is a municipality in the district of Helmstedt, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The current population is 11,539 and is situated approximately southwest of Wolfsburg, and Braunschweig.
The municipality received the name of Lehre on June 10, 888 and is made up of eight surrounding villages. They are Beienrode, Essehof, Essenrode, Flechtorf, Groß Brunsrode, Klein Brunsrode, Lehre, and Wendhausen with Lehre being the largest.
History
In 1934, construction began on the Army Ammunition Institute in the Kampstüh Forest east Lehre. More than 100 buildings on were constructed and was connected to the railway system. The Institute produced ammunition for infantry weapons, anti-tank mines, tank shells, artillery guns and .38 cm. Up until February 1945, 6,000 tons of chemical weapons were transported to the Institute. It was not bombed during World War II and up until the end war, most of these weapons remained on site. In 1945, the location also housed Russian prisoners of war. On 11 April 1945, the area was liberated by the United States' 5th Armored Division and the Army Ammunition Institute was occupied without a fight. In mid 1945, the area was handed over to British troops who had a local presence until 1951. Today, many original buildings still remain standing and some are still in use.
Transportation
Road
Lehre is located on State Road (Landesstraße) L295 which provides access to freeways A2 and A39.
Train
Lehre rail service began when the Brunswick State Railway Company completed the Schunter Valley Railway in 1904, connecting Braunschweig with Fallersleben. This line officially ceased operation in 1998 following the opening of the Weddel loop which connected Wolfsburg and Braunschweig, bypassing Lehre.
Nearby Attractions
Campen Castle - A partially standing castle built in the late 13th century.
Essehof Zoo
Essenrode Manor - A late Baroque-style manor built in 1738
Holy Cross Church - A historic 13th century church located in Lehre
Wendhausen Castle - A moated 17th century residence. It has an inner courtyard and Baroque-style garden with ivy covering its walls.
Wendhausen Windmill - A large five-sail Dutch-style windmill
Notable people
Karl August von Hardenberg (1750–1822) - Former Prime Minister of Prussia
Hans, Count von Bülow (1774-1825) - Former Prussian politician
Eberhard Haun (1949-1976) - Professional soccer player
August Hermann (1835–1906) - Sports educator who helped create school sports in Germany
References
External links
Essehof Zoo
888 establishments
Helmstedt (district)
9th-century establishments in Germany
A trinquete (also trinquet) is a special court for various indoor versions of pelota and it is a modality of the pelota sport. In South America, especially in Argentina the trinquete is also known as close court, because the other open court is named for the fronton. It has some of the characteristic features of a real tennis court, probably because many real tennis courts were converted to trinquetes in the 19th century. For some sports, the players face the same wall and share the court, similar to squash. For other sports, a net is strung across the middle of the court and the players face each other, similar to tennis.
Features of the court and the game
The trinquet has some basic aspects with the fronton.
One front wall called frontis, which is the wall where the players must throw the ball in each play. The wall has some delimitations. At 80 cm height there is a metallic sheet called chapa". Another metal sheet is located 8,5 metres up the floor. The front wall normally is 10 metres in height and 10 metres in width. The space that is between the upper chapa and the finish of the frontis is normally padded, so that it is obvious (by sound and ball action) a fault has occurred when the ball hits this area. Below, there is also another paddled area from the floor to the below chapa.
There is another wall parallelly collocated more or less 30 metres back the frontis called rebote. This wall is 5 or 4 metres lower than the other.
A wall on the left side of the court joins the frontis and rebote. It is a little bit lower than the front wall and a bit higher than the back wall.
See also
Valencian trinquet
External links
Frontons.net List of trinquets all around the world
Trinquete, Basque
an:Trinquet (esporte)
The canton of Neuilly-le-Réal is a former administrative division in the Arrondissement of Moulins in the Allier department in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 9 communes, which joined the new canton of Moulins-2 in 2015. It had 5,139 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Bessay-sur-Allier
Chapeau
La Ferté-Hauterive
Gouise
Mercy
Montbeugny
Neuilly-le-Réal
Saint-Gérand-de-Vaux
Saint-Voir
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Night of Miracles (Spanish: Noche de milagros) is a 1954 Venezuelan drama film directed by Renzo Russo and starring Elena Fernan, Aldo Monti and Violeta Peñalver.
Cast
Elena Fernan
Aldo Monti
Violeta Peñalver
Miro Anton
Mario Chaves
Xiomara Latos
José Antonio Gutiérrez
Francisco Bernalche
Marcisa Mundett
Hermelinda Alvarado
Josefina Briseño
Eloy Cisneros
Juan Ramon Soler
Dario Lauri
References
Bibliography
Darlene J. Sadlier. Latin American Melodrama: Passion, Pathos, and Entertainment. University of Illinois Press, 2009.
External links
1954 films
1954 drama films
Venezuelan drama films
1950s Spanish-language films
Venezuelan black-and-white films
The 2011 National Football League Player lockout was a work stoppage imposed by the owners of the NFL's 32 teams that lasted from March 12, 2011, to July 25, 2011. When the owners and the NFL players, represented by the National Football League Players Association, could not come to a consensus on a new collective bargaining agreement, the owners locked out the players from team facilities and shut down league operations. The major issues disputed were the salary cap, players' safety and health benefits, revenue sharing and television contracts, transparency of financial information, rookie salaries, season length, and free agency guidelines. During the 18-week, 4-day period, there was no free agency and training camp, and players were restricted from seeing team doctors, entering or working out at team facilities, or communicating with coaches. The end of the lockout coincided with the formation of a new collective bargaining agreement prior to the start of the 2011 regular season.
Background
In 1992, the National Football League (NFL) and the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA) came to terms on a collective bargaining agreement. This agreement was renewed four times. In May 2008, the owners decided to opt out of the 1993 arrangement and play the 2010 season without a salary cap due to the 2010 season being the last year of the CBA. That last labor agreement gave players 57 percent of the league's $8 billion in revenue, after the owners took more than $1 billion for operating and development costs of the league. A major reason the owners opted out of the CBA early was that they wanted a larger percentage of league revenue. Part of the previous CBA involved a transfer of revenues from the higher earning teams to the lowest, even though some of the higher earners also had higher costs. The players, represented as the National Football League Players Association, were very skeptical that the owners were losing money as a result of their payments to players, and believed the labor dispute was deliberately generated by some owners in order to renegotiate their own revenue sharing agreements which are attached to the CBA. The players resisted any pay cuts across the board.
The major changes the owners wanted implemented in the next agreement were to significantly reduce the players' percentage of revenue, to extend the regular season from 16 to 18 games, and establish a rookie wage scale and/or rookie salary cap that would limit first-round draft pick compensation. The players wanted guaranteed a higher percentage of league-wide spending and cash spend by every team per the salary cap on players, more benefits for former players, and changes made to improve health and safety including offseason and in-season training.
Anticipating an owner-imposed lockout, players on every team voted unanimously in Fall 2010 to agree to renounce collective bargaining rights if a CBA extension could not be reached prior to expiration of the current CBA. Renunciation of CBA rights would expose the owners to potential antitrust lawsuits. The players would then lose the ability to collectively bargain with the owners. The league is exempt from most facets of antitrust laws as a result of Public Law 89-800, passed in the wake of the AFL–NFL merger in 1970, thus complicating any potential lawsuit against the league. The NFL hired firms to lobby members of the U.S. Congress on their behalf, and the NFL's political action committee, Gridiron PAC, made several large donations to lawmakers who oversee the league in numerous capacities, as well as several other influential lawmakers. The players union also hired firms to lobby members of the U.S. Congress on their behalf, claiming that a lockout could potentially cost each NFL city $160 million in lost business, based on a study by consulting firm Edgeworth Economics. Congressmen also indicated a willingness to intervene if necessary.
The NFL had negotiated contracts with television networks to provide over $4 billion in 2011 to the NFL even if the owners shut down the league and no games were played in 2011. On March 1, 2011, judge David S. Doty ruled that the NFL had been actively strategizing for a lockout of the players for more than two years. It was determined that the purpose of the NFL's deliberate actions were to "advance its own interests and harm the interests of the players."
Lockout
Renunciation of CBA rights
Following the end of the 2010 season, the players and owners had not resolved the labor dispute. Although the CBA was set to expire on March 3, the players and the league owners agreed to extend the negotiations by one week, changing the expiration date to March 11, 2011. After a one-week extension, negotiations failed to result in a new agreement. At midnight on March 11, the CBA expired and the owners imposed a lockout. Accordingly, the NFLPA informed the league and the clubs that the players had voted to have the NFLPA renounce its bargaining rights. After the renunciation of collective bargaining rights, quarterbacks Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, and Drew Brees joined seven other NFL players and filed an antitrust suit to enjoin the lockout.
Court rulings
On April 25, 2011, U.S. District Court judge Susan Richard Nelson invalidated the lockout and ordered the league to resume operations. The league asked Nelson to stay the order while it appeals to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals; Nelson refused. The NFLPA had advised players to arrive at their teams' stadiums for work uninvited; most teams allowed players to enter the front office but refused further access. The order to resume operations without any CBA in place left the league in "chaos" because, without a CBA, there were no rules in place regarding a salary cap or floor, free agency, and similar labor-related issues. On April 29, 2011, the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals granted the league a temporary stay of Nelson's ruling; the league reinstated the lockout following Day 2 of the draft. The stay was extended through at least June 3, when a full appeal was heard; the Eighth Circuit vacated Nelson's ruling on July 8, affirming the legitimacy of the lockout, but also suggested that Judge Nelson could impose an injunction of the lockout as it relates to players not under contract such as free agents and rookies.
Contingency plans
A provision in the CBA ensured that the 2011 NFL Draft was allowed to take place despite the lockout. In addition, there was also some cushion in the 2011 schedule just in case the labor dispute lasted into September and the planned start of the regular season. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell stated that Super Bowl XLVI could be moved a week later if needed, so that the entire season could be played in full. In addition, every contest in Week 3 had teams that shared the same bye week later in the season, which would have allowed these games to be made up on what was originally the teams' byes. Weeks 2 and 4 were set up so that there are neither any divisional rivalry games nor teams on bye in those weeks, which would have kept the season as fair as possible if those games had to be canceled. The league could also eliminate the normal off week between the conference championship games and the Super Bowl. Up to six weeks of the season could have been lost (moving week 3 games into the bye weeks, canceling weeks 2, 4, and 17, and moving weeks 1 and 5 to the end of the season while postponing the playoffs one week) while still keeping a generally fair schedule with five division games and eight non-division games. The league also had a plan for a longer lockout, which included an abbreviated eight-game season beginning in late November. Goodell had also stated that the league did not consider using replacement players.
Other litigation
On March 28, 2011, four former NFL players, including Hall of Fame defensive end Carl Eller, sued the NFL in hopes of joining current players in their antitrust fight against the league. The 44-page complaint filed in federal court in Minneapolis sought class-action status on behalf of all former players. The retirees wanted the NFL lockout lifted to ensure their pensions and health benefits remained funded. According to the lawsuit, those benefits would end if a collective bargaining agreement was not renewed by next March 11, a year after the last one expired.
On July 5, 2011, a group of retired NFL players led by Carl Eller, Franco Harris, Marcus Allen and Paul Krause filed its own class-action lawsuit against both the NFL and NFLPA, stating that the renunciation of CBA rights disqualified the NFLPA from bargaining on the former NFL players' behalf.
End of lockout
These NFL owners announced on July 21, 2011 that they had approved a settlement of the players' antitrust litigation by a 31–0–1 margin (the Oakland Raiders abstained), but the players decided not to vote on the settlement because they did not approve all of the terms outlined in the proposal. After continued negotiations, the ten players named as plaintiffs in the Brady case approved the settlement on July 25, and the agreement became effective after ratification by a majority of the players in the NFL on August 4, 2011. Although the settlement was approved on July 25, the NFL didn't officially recognize the NFLPA's status as the players' collective bargaining representative until July 30, 2011. When NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell and NFLPA Executive Director DeMaurice Smith signed the agreement, the lockout officially ended.
New CBA
ESPN writer John Clayton notes that there were five major parts of the new CBA: free agency, salary cap, rookie compensation, minimum salaries, and franchise tags. First, free agency guidelines returned to the way they were from 1993 to 2011. This means that a player needs four years of experience to become an unrestricted free agent, and three years of experience for restricted free agency. Second, the salary cap is now $120.375 million, but unlike the previous CBA, the new one initially has no per-team salary minimum. Team salary floors would not return until the 2013 season, at which time they became 89% of the cap. For the 2011 season, teams had the ability to "borrow" $3 million in future salary cap space to use on a signed player. For the years following the 2011 season, teams have the option of "borrowing" $1.5 million each for up to three players. Third, the rookie compensation was altered. There is a limit to the amount of money given to rookies, with the maximum total in 2011 being $874 million. First round picks receive four-year deals, with a fifth year option. In the second through seventh rounds, there are slotted four-year deals. Fourth, the league minimum salary for players increased by 10–12 percent, based on tenure. Fifth, a team's ability to place a franchise or transition tag on top players to retain their rights did not change. Other major concerns included health and safety of players, as well as former player benefits and pensions. The new 10-year collective bargaining agreement runs through 2021, and has an estimated value of $12–$16 billion per year.
Players' takeaways
The players won $1 billion in additional benefits for retired players, an opportunity to stay in the players' medical plan for life, increased minimum salaries, the continuation of a 16-game regular season schedule, improvements in player safety, increased injury protection, unrestricted free agency after four years, a true salary floor, and increased roster size. Some of the major player safety improvements included five fewer weeks of organized off-season practice, limited on-field practice time, limited full-contact practices, elimination of two-a-day practices in pads, and an increase in the number of days off of work. The players also prevented the owners from knocking them down to 42 percent of league revenues, with a decreasing percentage each year. Starting in 2012, the players also won 55 percent of national media revenue, 45 percent of all NFL Ventures revenue, and 40 percent of local club revenue.
Owners' takeaways
The owners won franchise and transition tags, not having to pay $320 million in benefits for an uncapped year, no judicial oversight in disputes between players and owners, settlement of all pending litigation, a rookie wage system, full regular season game revenue, more equitable revenue sharing and supplemental revenue sharing, no opt out clause for players for 10 years (though the owners cannot opt out, either), and credit for stadium investments with up to 1.5 percent of revenue each year. The league also cited the new CBA as a key factor in being able to negotiate long-term extensions in their television contracts, which were renewed a few months after the CBA was finalized and include minimum 50% increases in rights fees across all television partners.
The owners were unable to get an additional $1 billion off the top of all revenue, an 18-game season, and rights of first refusal for the 2011 unrestricted free agents.
Hall of Fame Game
The two teams (Chicago Bears and St. Louis Rams) involved in the Pro Football Hall of Fame Game had set a deadline of July 22, 2011, for both sides to ratify a deal in time for training camp to be opened and the game to be played (under normal circumstances, each team opens training camp 15 days before their first preseason game). When that day passed without both sides agreeing to a deal, the league canceled the game. The Pro Football Hall of Fame Game was the only on-field cancellation of the lockout.
See also
2004–05 NHL lockout
2011 NBA lockout
2012 NFL referee lockout
References
External links
2011 labor disputes and strikes
Lockout
Sports labor disputes in the United States
National Football League controversies
The very large moth family Geometridae contains genera beginning with A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y and Z.
Those beginning with T include:
References
T
Lists of Lepidoptera genera
Ortaköy, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Wheaton College may refer to:
Wheaton College (Illinois), a private Christian, coeducational, liberal arts college in Wheaton, Illinois
Wheaton College (Massachusetts), a private secular, coeducational, liberal arts college in Norton, Massachusetts
Golpe is mostly used in flamenco guitar. It is a finger tap on the golpeador ("pick guard").
Technique
A guitarist usually performs golpe with the middle or annular (ring) finger, either simultaneously with a down-stroke by another finger (e.g., simultaneous down-stroke with index finger and golpe with annular finger), or independently to accent off beats. The technique requires that the strumming finger and golpe finger move in opposite directions at the same time.
External links
Miguel Bengoa Flamenco technique
Guitar performance techniques
Flamenco
O'Brien Peak () is a rock peak, 670 m, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of the north extremity of Medina Peaks, along the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf. Discovered in December 1929 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Laurence Gould, and named by Byrd for John S. O'Brien, surveyor with that party.
See also
Paradise Ridge
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Röntgen Peak () is a peak 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) southeast of Cape Cockburn in the northeast part of Pasteur Peninsula, Brabant Island, in the Palmer Archipelago. Shown on an Argentine government chart in 1953, but not named. Photographed by Hunting Aerosurveys Ltd. in 1956–57, and mapped from these photos in 1959. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Wilhelm Röntgen (1845–1923), German physicist who discovered X-rays in 1895.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 62. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1980.
Brabant Island to Argentine Islands. Scale 1:250000 topographic map. British Antarctic Survey, 2008.
Mountains of the Palmer Archipelago
Reiner Dierksen (24 March 1908 – 15 May 1943) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and posthumous recipient of the German Cross in Gold.
Naval career
Reiner Dierksen joined the Reichsmarine in 1933. From October 1938 to June 1940 they were Commander M 5 of the 1st Mineseweeping flotilla, then they were the Commander of the 32nd Minesweeping flotilla until March 1941. Dierksen began their U-boat training in March 1941, then took their U-boat Commander training and U-boat familiarization until 15 December 1941 when they commissioned the Type IXC at Bremen. On their second patrol with U-176 Dierksen ran into one of the most stubborn victims of the entire war when they spent almost 48 hours hunting the Dutch steam merchant, Polydorus, before finally sinking them with their 7th and 8th torpedoes.
Korvettenkapitän Reiner Dierksen died when their U-176 was sunk with all hands, 53 men, on its 3 war patrol north of Cuba on 15 May 1943 by Cuban patrol boat CS 13. Dierksen had sunk 10 ships with a total of and one ship damaged.
Death
On 15 May 1943, the Cuban merchant ship Camagüey, and the Honduran Hanks, both loaded with sugar, sailed from Sagua La Grande, bound for Havana, escorted by the Cuban submarine chasers CS-11, CS-12, and CS-13. At 17:15 hours, a U.S. Navy Kingfisher aircraft from squadron VS-62 operating from Cuba spotted U-176 at and dropped a smoke float to mark their position about one and a half miles astern of the convoy. CS-13 located the U-boat with their sonar, attacked with depth charges and sank U-176.
Summary of Career
Ships attacked
Awards
Iron Cross 2nd Class
Minesweeper War Badge
Iron Cross 1st Class
U-boat War Badge 1939
German Cross in Gold (posthumous)
References
Bibliography
1908 births
1943 deaths
U-boat commanders (Kriegsmarine)
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Reichsmarine personnel
People lost at sea
German military personnel killed in World War II
Farhad Hossain (; born 10 February 1987) is a first-class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh.
They made their debut for Rajshahi Division in the 2004/5 season. Up to the end of the 2006/7 season they had scored 903 first-class runs at 27.36 with five fifties and a top score of 79 against Barisal Division. They had taken 25 wickets with their off breaks with an average of 22.92 with the best of 4 for 50 against Chittagong Division. In the one day arena their unbeaten 89 against Sylhet Division is their best knock to date while they took 4 for 22 against Dhaka Division.
They played for Barisal Burners in the Bangladesh Premier League 2012.
References
Bangladeshi cricketers
Rajshahi Division cricketers
Duronto Rajshahi cricketers
Barisal Bulls cricketers
Living people
Abahani Limited cricketers
Gazi Group cricketers
Kala Bagan Krira Chakra cricketers
Bangladesh North Zone cricketers
Dhaka Division cricketers
Khulna Division cricketers
1987 births
People from Rajshahi District
Engines: Man's Use of Power, from the Water Wheel to the Atomic Pile is a science book for children by L. Sprague de Camp, illustrated by Jack Coggins, published by Golden Press as part of its Golden Library of Knowledge Series in 1959. A revised edition was issued in 1961, and a paperback edition in 1969. The book has been translated into Swedish, Norwegian, Finnish, Portuguese, and German.
Summary
As stated on the cover, the work is a survey of "Man's use of power, from the water wheel to the atomic pile." The topic is covered in short segments, titled "The Age of Engines," "Putting Energy to Work," "The First Engines," "Water and Wind Engines," "Early Steam Engines," "How a Steam Engine Works", "Steam Turbines," "Internal-combustion engines," "Otto Cycle Engines," "Two-stroke Cycle Engines," "Diesel Engines," "Gas Turbines," "Rockets," "Electric Motors," "How an Electric Motor Works," "Electric Generators and Power Systems," "Atomic Engines," and "How a Reactor Works." There is a brief one-page topical index.
Reception
The Science News-Letter, in its July 18, 1959 issue, listed the book among its "Books of the Week," describing the work as a "[f]actual book for young readers."
Notes
1959 children's books
Children's non-fiction books
Science books
Books by L. Sprague de Camp
American children's books
Bo Randall (September 27, 1909 – December 25, 1989) was an American knifemaker who founded Randall Made Knives in Orlando, Florida.
Early life
Randall was born in Cincinnati, Ohio on September 27, 1909. Their family moved to Orlando, Florida in 1916. As a youth Randall enjoyed hunting and fishing and went on to become a successful citrus rancher. They first became interested in making knives after they purchased in 1936 a William Scagel knife that was being used to scrape paint off of a boat without showing any signs of wear or damage.
Knifemaking
Impressed with their Scagel knife, Randall located Scagel and asked them how to make knives. Over the years they visited Scagel and corresponded with him, becoming their "pupil" with regard to knifemaking. Randall forged their first knife out of a leaf spring from an automobile in their garage in Lake Ivanhoe, Florida with a handle of stag and made their first hunting knife. On their first hunting trip with that knife they sold it to a companion and made another, repeating the pattern of making knives and selling them to friends one at a time.
In 1938 Randall opened a shop in Orlando, Florida. Although Randall's initial efforts were inspired by Scagel's designs and were predominantly "sporting knives" for hunters and fisherman, a visit by a soldier bound for World War II changed that. Randall began production of the "All Purpose Fighting Knife" giving it the designation of "Number 1" in their catalog. Between 1942 and 1945, Randall Made Knives produced 4,000 of these knives for US Troops in the war, with approximately 1,058 subcontracted out to Northampton Cutlery Company in Springfield, Massachusetts to meet the demand. In the 1950s Randall would return to the pattern of the Bowie knife for several of their combat knife designs.
Randall designed the Model 17 Astro Model and built 7 of these knives for NASA. In addition to the knife that made 21 orbits around the earth, several of Randall's knives are displayed in the Smithsonian Institution and in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. One Model 8 "Trout and Bird Knife" was displayed in the Monino Airbase museum near Moscow as part of the equipment carried by U-2 pilot Francis Gary Powers who was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960.
Personal life
Randall's wife was Ruth Randall.
Randall died in 1989 in Orlando, Florida, at 80 years of age.
Legacy
Randall was inducted into the Blade magazine Cutlery Hall of Fame at the 1983 Blade Show as an inauguree. In 1997, Randall was inducted into the American Bladesmith Society Hall of Fame. In 2001, Randall's knives were listed as "Best Sheath Knife" as part of Forbes "50 Best List".
References
Knife makers
People from Cincinnati
1909 births
1989 deaths
Kevin Patrick Pickford (born March 12, 1975) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher. They played during one season at the major league level for the San Diego Padres. They were initially offered a scholarship to Florida State. They were drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 2nd round of the 1993 amateur draft. Pickford played their first professional season with their Rookie league Gulf Coast Pirates in , and their last with the San Francisco Giants' Triple-A Fresno Grizzlies in . They batted .371 their final year of high school.
References
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Fresno, California
Major League Baseball pitchers
San Diego Padres players
Baseball players from California
Nashville Sounds players
Sonoma County Crushers players
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Augusta GreenJackets players
Welland Pirates players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Carolina Mudcats players
Altoona Curve players
Portland Beavers players
Fresno Grizzlies players
Alcachofa Soft is a Toledo-based video game developer founded in 1995, specialized in graphic adventure games.
History
Their first work was the game Dráscula: The Vampire Strikes Back, a comedy adventure.
In 1997 they made Ping Pong. In 1998 they made Mortadelo y Filemón: El Sulfato Atómico a graphic adventure based on the Spanish comic characters Mort & Phil and distributed by Grupo Zeta. It was successful and spawned similar games based on the characters.
In 2000 they published El Tesoro de Isla Alcachofa a pirate adventure game which represented Alcachofa Soft's first effort entirely independently, without a publisher or external distributor.
Other Mort & Phil-based games they made were Mortadelo y Filemón: Dos Vaqueros Chapuceros and Mortadelo y Filemón: Terror, Espanto y Pavor (2000), Mortadelo y Filemón: Operación Moscú and Mortadelo y Filemón: El Escarabajo de Cleopatra (2001), Mortadelo y Filemón: Balones y patadones and Mortadelo y Filemón: Mamelucos a la romana (2002) and Mortadelo y Filemón: Una Aventura de Cine (2003).
In 2008 they made Murder in the Abbey, an homage to La Abadía del Crimen.
References
External links
alcachofasoft.com
Toledo, Spain
Video game companies established in 1995
Video game companies of Spain
Video game development companies
Spanish companies established in 1995
Jules Danilo (born 18 May 1995) is an Italian-born French motorcycle racer. They have competed in the French 125cc/Moto3 championship – twice finishing as runner-up in the series –, the CEV Moto3 series, the Moto3 World Championship, the Moto2 World Championship and the Supersport World Championship.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
French motorcycle racers
Moto3 World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Milan
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Yerragondapalem is a village in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Yerragondapalemmandal in Markapur revenue division.
References
Villages in Prakasam district
Mandal headquarters in Prakasam district
"Goodbye Mr. Fish" or sometimes "Good-bye Mr. Fish", "Goodbye, Mr. Fish" or just "Mr. Fish" is the second episode of the first season of the American sitcom The Cosby Show. The episode was directed by Jay Sandrich and written by Earl Pomerantz. "Goodbye Mr. Fish" originally aired in the United States on NBC on Thursday September 27, 1984, at 8:00 PM Eastern time.
The episode focuses on the death of Rudy's pet goldfish, which was difficult to explain to them and difficult for them to deal with. The episode was a critical and commercial success, achieving both high ratings and positive critical feedback. Its viewer ratings placed it third for the opening week of the 1984–85 United States network television season and it earned Primetime Emmy Award and Writers Guild Award nominations for its writing.
Several critics either describe this as the most memorable episode of the series or mention it first when describing the series' memorable episodes. Other critics as well as Bill Cosby include it on short lists of series highlights. Clips of this episode are included in the season 4 two-part "Looking Back" episode.
Plot
Cliff (Bill Cosby) comes home from a long day at work and tries to take a nap. Vanessa (Tempestt Bledsoe) disturbs them to say that Rudy's (Keshia Knight Pulliam) goldfish, Lamont, has died, but they do not realize it yet. They have a hard time explaining to Rudy what has happened. Once they do, Rudy becomes depressed. Later that day, the older kids start making fun of Lamont's death, Theo saying they should hold a memorial service for the fish around the family toilet. When Cliff feels that the rest of the family is insensitive to Rudy's loss, they require the entire family to participate in a memorial service for Lamont in the bathroom in proper funeral attire. Rudy loses interest in the funeral and leaves to watch television, ending the ceremony abruptly. They later returns to the bathroom and asks for privacy, not because they want to say goodbye to Lamont as Cliff thinks, but because they need to use the toilet.
Cast
Bill Cosby as Cliff Huxtable
Phylicia Ayers-Allen as Clair Huxtable
Malcolm-Jamal Warner as Theo Huxtable
Keshia Knight Pulliam as Rudy Huxtable
Tempestt Bledsoe as Vanessa Huxtable
Lisa Bonet as Denise Huxtable
Production
This was first episode taped and produced for the show, on August 1, 1984, following the "Pilot" taped much earlier in May 1984. The show originated at the NBC studio in Brooklyn before a live studio audience with six different sets: a living room, a master bedroom, a kitchen, a child's bedroom, a hallway, and a bathroom. The taping endured so many retakes that it took three times as long as was scheduled. The set used was notably different from the one used during the pilot. In the first episode, the first floor has extra rooms that it does not have in the rest of the series, beginning with this episode. As of 1987, this was one of the few sitcom episodes that showed the bathroom, according to Patricia Leigh Brown of The New York Times.
Reception
In 2009, TV Guide created TV Guide's 100 Greatest Episodes of All-Time, with this episode ranked number 15. Earl Pomerantz was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Screenplay - Episodic Comedy and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for this episode. The episode was also nominated for an Emmy in the category of Outstanding Live and Tape Sound Mixing and Sound Effects for a Series. The episode finished third in the Nielsen Media Research ratings for the week with a 19.1 million person viewership and a 22.5 share for the week ending September 30 behind Dallas (22.4 million) and Falcon Crest (19.8 million). This followed a first-place ranking for the "Pilot" the week before. This was the first episode of the series to air after the September 24 date that marked the official beginning of the 1984–85 United States network television season.
David Hinckley of the Daily News describes Rudy as "impossibly cute" in this episode. Producer Marcy Carsey considered the episode to be an example of how the series dealt with the "reactions to small-scale events". According to Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly, this is considered by many to be the most memorable episode of the series. Other critics consider it to be among the highlights of the series including Allison Samuels of Newsweek who remembered Cosby for two performances in the series in which they "hid their potato-chip habit from their wife and delivered a deadpan eulogy as they flushed their daughter's goldfish down the toilet". William Raspberry of The Washington Post and Graham Jefferson of USA Today considered the episode to be a highlight of the series. Cosby was quoted in Ebony as counting the episode on the short list of highlights from the series. This was the first episode mentioned by several writers discussing the series, including Renee Graham of the Boston Globe, Matt Roush of USA Today (in 1987 after the first 81 episodes), and Candace Murphy of the Oakland Tribune. In the fourth season two-part November 12, 1987 "Looking Back" episode, the family tries to help the newlywed Sondra Huxtable and Elvin reconcile after their first fight. The episode recounts highlights of the first 81 episodes to help Elvin understand Sondra and their family and this episode is highlighted. According to TBS, the following lines in the funeral part of the script were among the most memorable in the entire series:
Cliff: "We're here to say goodbye to a cherished friend: Lamont, the goldfish."
Vanessa: "I always felt safe with them around."
Notes
External links
The Cosby Show
1984 American television episodes
Fish in popular culture
Television episodes about funerals
One City Center (also called 600 Washington, St. Louis Centre, and sometimes spelled One City Centre) is an office tower complex and former shopping mall in St. Louis, Missouri.
The 25-story office tower is the ninth-tallest habitable building in St. Louis at a height of . The mall was four stories with a green, white, and glass façade. When the mall opened in 1985, St. Louis Centre was the largest urban shopping mall in the United States, with over 150 stores with 20 restaurants in . The $95 million complex was originally to be developed by the May Company and called May Mall, but development for the mall was given to the Simon Property Group.
St. Louis Centre opened in 1985, with anchor stores Famous-Barr at one end and Dillard's at the other. The anchor location of Famous-Barr was the company's flagship outlet and also contained that company's corporate offices, and the corporate headquarters of the May Company. The Dillard's location was once the flagship, and headquarters of Stix, Baer and Fuller, with that chain being sold to Dillard's just as mall construction commenced. The mall was initially popular and featured national chain stores.
As the 1990s progressed, the mall faced challenges with the redevelopment of the former Westroads Shopping Center into the St. Louis Galleria. By the mid-1990s, Dillard's converted its location into one of its clearance stores, and no longer carried regular day-to-day merchandise, this location closed for good in 2001. In 2006, the almost-vacant "dead mall" closed, and was bought by The Pyramid Companies and was planned to be turned into condominiums and retail space, though the plan was never realized, as Pyramid closed in 2008 due to financial troubles. The mall was foreclosed in 2009 by lender Bank of America and later bought for $12.7 million by Environmental Operations. In 2009, the building was about 85% vacant, and other developers were trying to raise funding for a renovation of the mall. Plans included a $35 million renovation, turning much of the complex into parking space, as well as a $29 million project to attract tenants to the center's office tower. The project, led by investor Stacy Hastie, includes plans for local law firm Lewis, Rice & Fingersh and accounting firm LarsonAllen LLP to move into the building. Earlier, the Missouri Development Finance Board had approved a $5 million loan for the project. In May 2010, work began to convert part of the building into a 750-car parking garage and retail/entertainment complex called Mercantile Exchange. The skybridges to the Famous-Barr Railway Exchange Building (St. Louis) and the former Stix, Baer and Fuller / Dillard's store (now referred to as The Laurel Building) have now been demolished to open up Washington and Locust streets.
References
Skyscraper office buildings in St. Louis
Shopping malls established in 1985
Defunct shopping malls in the United States
Downtown St. Louis
Buildings and structures in St. Louis
1985 establishments in Missouri
During the 2004–05 season, Middlesbrough participated in the FA Premier League.
Final league table
Kit
During this season, Middlesbrough had a new sponsor, 888.com. The team's kit was produced by Errea. The home shirt included a white band on it for the first time since the 2000–01 season. The away strip was mainly white with maroon sleeves, navy blue shorts and white socks. Away to Southampton, white shorts and navy socks were worn with the away shirt.
Season review
After the triumph in the League Cup final the previous season and a solid 11th-place finish in the league, Boro fans were optimistic that this season would be a success. Steve McClaren signed Boudewijn Zenden and Doriva on permanent deals following their loan spells, as well as adding high-profile signings Ray Parlour, Mark Viduka, Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink and Michael Reiziger to the squad. With these new additions, the supporters felt that, come the end of the season, Boro would be pushing for a league place good enough to qualify for Europe.
The season started well and Middlesbrough found themselves in fourth position following only one loss in the first 5 games. Despite a slight drop in their form, Boro kept in and around the top four until mid-November.
However, the UEFA Cup took its toll on the small Boro squad and their form stuttered towards Christmas. The team seemed to consist of more and more young players who were deputising for more senior players such as Gaizka Mendieta and Malcolm Christie who were ruled out for the season with injuries.
Following a 2–0 win at home to Norwich City on 28 December, Boro were in fifth place. However, not helped by an injury to George Boateng, after only one win in the next ten games the team found themselves in ninth and seemed to have undone their good work at the start of the season.
Things did finally pick up and, following only three losses in the final 12 games of the season, they found themselves up against Manchester City in the final game of the season. Both teams were in direct contest for the seventh place that Boro occupied, and a win for either side would mean qualification for the UEFA Cup. A last-minute penalty save by Mark Schwarzer gave Boro a 1–1 draw and the all important seventh-placed finish. For the first time in their history, Middlesbrough had qualified for Europe through the league.
The season was full of highs and lows for the Boro fans. The disappointment of losing their early strong position due to the injury crisis was offset against the emergence of several promising youngsters such as Stewart Downing, James Morrison and Anthony McMahon.
Both domestic cups were disappointing for the Boro team and the draws weren't favourable towards them. They only lasted two rounds in each competition, going out in the fourth round of both cups, to Manchester United in the FA Cup and to a young Liverpool side in the League Cup. The UEFA Cup run - Middlesbrough's first foray into Europe, having won the first major trophy of their history, the League Cup, the previous season - held greater joy. The first round was a two-legged knockout match against Baník Ostrava - Boro's first ever European match, with the first leg was at home. With a fantastic atmosphere at the Riverside, Middlesbrough cruised through the first leg 3–0; with a comfortable 1–1 draw in the away leg, they had qualified for the group stages and were guaranteed another 4 matches.
Middlesbrough were drawn in Group D, along with Villarreal, Lazio, Egaleo and Partizan Belgrade. The fans were confident that the team could earn at least a third-place finish in the group and therefore qualify for the knockout stages.
Boro went on to exceed all expectations, beating Egalio and Partizan Belgrade as expected and also achieving a fantastic 2–0 victory over Lazio - the only blot being a 2–0 away loss to Villarreal. This was enough to earn them a second-place finish and qualification for the next round, where Middlesbrough were drawn against Grazer AK. Middlesbrough managed a 2–2 draw against the then Austrian champions in the first leg, away. The team duly built on this in the return leg and progressed to the next round following a 2–1 win.
The round of 16 saw Boro face Sporting Lisbon for a place in the quarter finals. However, luck wasn't with Middlesbrough and they found themselves in the middle of an injury crisis. The first leg was at home and remained goalless at half time. Sporting then proceed to show their class and scored 3 in a thirty-minute spell after the break. Boro looked like they were to exit the competition, but a spectacular overhead scissor kick from Joseph Desire-Job and a late Chris Riggott goal gave a weakened Boro team a fairly respectable 3–2 loss. The second leg didn't go to plan though; despite fantastic support from 3,000 travelling fans, Middlesbrough went down 1–0, losing 4–2 on aggregate. The Boro fans took the defeat in good heart, however, and partied late into the night in Lisbon.
Middlesbrough's UEFA Cup run was seen as a huge success by the fans, and expectations were high for the following year's campaign.
First-team squad
The following are all the players who were involved the Middlesbrough F.C. first team at some point during the 2004-05 season.
Transfers
In
Out
Results
Premier League
Results per matchday
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
League Cup
FA Cup
UEFA Cup
Player statistics
Goalscorers
Goalscoring statistics for 2004-05.
Appearances and discipline
Appearance and disciplinary records for 2004-05 league and cup matches.
References and notes
Middlesbrough F.C. seasons
Middles
Jeremy Rickard, also known as J. C. Rickard or J. Rickard, is a British mathematician who deals with algebra and algebraic topology. They research modular representation theory of finite groups and related questions of algebraic topology, representation theory of finite algebras and homological algebra. Rickard or derived equivalences as a generalization of Morita equivalences of rings and algebras are named after him.
Education and career
Rickard received their PhD in 1988 from University College London under Aidan Schofield.  They are a professor at the University of Bristol.
Recognition
Rickard was a winner of the Whitehead Prize in 1995.
In 2002 they received the Senior Berwick Prize. In 1998 they were an Invited Speaker with talk The abelian defect group conjecture at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Berlin.
Selected publications
References
External links
Homepage
20th-century mathematicians
British mathematicians
Alumni of University College London
Academics of the University of Bristol
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
McIntosh Municipal Airport was a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of McIntosh, a city in Corson County, South Dakota, United States. The airport property is owned by the City of McIntosh.
Facilities and aircraft
McIntosh Municipal Airport covered an area of 66 acres (27 ha) at an elevation of 2,251 feet (686 m) above mean sea level. It had one runway designated 14/32 with a turf and gravel surface measuring 3,700 by 150 feet (1,128 x 46 m).
For the 12-month period ending September 25, 2012, the airport had 14 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 1 per month.
The airport was closed in 2015 and the runway has since been removed.
References
External links
Aerial image as of September 1997 from USGS The National Map
at South Dakota DOT Airport Directory
McIntosh Municipal Airport (8D6) at AirNav
Defunct airports in the United States
Airports in South Dakota
Buildings and structures in Corson County, South Dakota
Transportation in Corson County, South Dakota
Svälten. Hungeråren som formade Sverige (lit. The Famine: The Years of Hunger that Shaped Sweden) is the fourth book published by Swedish journalist and author Magnus Västerbro. It won the August Prize in 2018 for the category of Best Swedish Non-Fiction.
The book recalls the historical Swedish famine of 1867–1869.
References
Swedish non-fiction books
Swedish-language novels
Swedish non-fiction literature
August Prize-winning works
Albert Bonniers Förlag books
General elections were held in Burma between 27 January and 10 February 1974. They were the first elections held under the new constitution, which had been approved in a referendum the previous year. This had made the country a one-party state with the Burma Socialist Programme Party (BSPP) as the sole legal party. The BSPP won all 451 seats in the People's Assembly. Voter turnout was reported to be 94.6%.
Results
References
1974 in Burma
Elections in Myanmar
Burma
One-party elections
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Ella Donovan was a prominent figure and a full-time organiser in the Stepney Tenants Defence League, a communist led grassroots organisation that organised Rent Strikes in the 1930s. They taught tenants how to organise, determine their legal rights and collectively fight landlords.
Biography
The Stepney Tenants' Defence League was organised by the Communist Front and women chaired most of the tenants' committees formed in tenement blocks, organised opposition to attempted evictions attempts, and even demonstrated in the West End of London to highlight the plight of east London slum-dwellers.
In 1938 to decontrol of much housing in the area and proposed rent increases of up to 40% led to STDL becoming even more active, and Ella Donovan, the wife of an unemployed hall porter, became a full-time organizer. This was a time when women who previously had not been engaged in activism, ‘lost their fear of the landlord and learnt their own organized power' in Ella's own words.
By the end of January 1939, the STDL had four central officers and 10 local committees, and could count on nearly 5000 affiliated members. By the end of February, the STDL had recovered £10,000 in overcharged rents and had won rent reductions totalling £18,000. It had also forced landlords to carry out numerous repairs.
The historian Sarah Glynn highlights the importance of these strikes which: “proved the determination of the women, who bore the brunt of these struggles and sometimes found themselves picketing through weeks of winter cold.”
Noreen Branson notes "It was the women who did the picketing, women who often dominated the committees making up the Stepney Tenants' Defence League, women who came out on demonstrations. It was, of course, partly because the men were at work, and the women were at home where the action was taking place." Despite their impressive political credentials as activists, the women prominent in the Stepney rent strikes did not reach the same heights of political office as the men.
See also
Bertha Sokoloff
John Groser
References
English activists
English women activists
People from Stepney
Armen Leonovich Takhtajan or Takhtajian (; surname also transliterated Takhtadjan, Takhtadzhi︠a︡n or Takhtadzhian, pronounced takh-tuh-JAHN; 10 June 1910 – 13 November 2009), was a Soviet-Armenian botanist, one of the most important figures in 20th century plant evolution and systematics and biogeography. Their other interests included morphology of flowering plants, paleobotany, and the flora of the Caucasus. They were one of the most influential taxonomists of the latter twentieth century.
Life
Family
Takhtajan was born in Shushi, Russian Empire, present-day disputed Nagorno-Karabakh, on 10 June 1910, to a family of Armenian intellectuals. Their grandfather Meliksan Takhtadzhyan Petrovich had been born in Trabzon, Ottoman Empire and was educated in Italy, on the island of San Lazzaro degli Armeni, an Armenian enclave, spoke many languages and worked as a journalist. They died in Paris in 1930. Their father, Leon Meliksanovich Takhtadzhyan (1884–1950), was born in Batumi, Georgia and was educated as an agronomist at Leipzig University. Graduating in 1906, they worked on farms in France, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, and made a special study of sheep farming. They became proficient in German, French, English , Russian, Georgian and Azerbaijani. Arriving in Shushi in 1908, then a centre of sheep farming in the Caucasus, looking for work, Leon was forced to teach German at the local Realschule attached to the Armenian seminary, due to lack of opportunities in their chosen field. There they met and married Gerseliya Sergeevna Gazarbekyan (1887–1974), Armen Takhtajan's mother, a native of Susha, in 1909.
Early life and education
The Takhtajans had three children, Armen (1910–2009), Nellie (1914–1994) and Nora (1918–1965). In 1918 the family were forced to flee to northern Armenia because of the pogroms. Throughout their childhood, Armen showed a keen interest in natural history, travelling with their father. Armen attended school in Tbilisi in nearby Georgia, initially at Unified Labor School number 42 (former Mantashevskom commercial school). There they came under the influence of one of their teachers, Alexander Konstantinovich Makaev (Makashvili) (1896–1962), who had previously taught agriculture at Tbilisi State University, and had produced a dictionary of botanical names in Georgian, Russian and Latin. Makaev would take Armen on botanical excursions, teaching them to identify plants from Sosnowski and Grossheim's "Determinants of plant life in the vicinity of Tbilisi" (1920). In 1928 they completed secondary school and travelled to Leningrad. There they volunteered at the biology school at Leningrad University and attended lectures by Vladimir Leontyevich Komarov (1869–1945) on plant morphology. In 1929 they began their studies in biology at Yerevan State University in Yerevan, Armenia, which they completed in 1931. They then returned to Tbilisi, enrolling in the All-Union Institute of Subtropical Crops.
In 1932 after completing their course at Tbilisi they worked for a while as a laboratory assistant at Sukhumi, Georgia, at the subtropical branch of the All-Union Institute of Applied Botany and New Crops (now the Institute of Plant Industry), before returning to Yerevan. In Yerevan they took a position as researcher at the Natural History Museum of Armenia, and then at the Herbarium of the Armenian branch of the Institute of Biology, Soviet Academy of Sciences, and began teaching at Yerevan University in 1936, while completing their Master's thesis.
They died in Saint Petersburg on 13 November 2009, at the age of 99, in 2009, having just completed their most important work, Flowering Plants.
Work
From 1938 to 1948 they headed a Department at the Yerevan State University, and in 1944–1948 they were director of the Botanical Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the Armenian SSR, and Professor of the Leningrad State University. Takhtajan was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, as well as a foreign associate of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences since 1971. They were also the academician of the Academy of Sciences of the Armenian SSR, the president of the Soviet All-Union Botanical Society (1973) and the International Association for Plant Taxonomy (1975), member of the Finnish Academy of Science and Literature (1971), the German Academy of Naturalists "Leopoldina" (1972) and other scientific societies. They were a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters from 1980.
While at the Komarov Botanical Institute in Leningrad in 1940, Takhtajan developed their classification scheme for flowering plants, which emphasized phylogenetic relationships between plants. Their system did not become known to botanists in the West until after 1950, and in the late 1950s they began a correspondence and collaboration with the prominent American botanist Arthur Cronquist, whose plant classification scheme was heavily influenced by their collaboration with Takhtajan and other botanists at Komarov.
 They are chiefly famous as the author of works on the origins of flowering plants and paleobotany, developing a new classification system of higher plants. They worked on the "Flora of Armenia" (vol. 1–6, 1954–73) and "Fossil flowering plants of the USSR "(v. 1, 1974) books. Takhtajan also developed a system of floristic regions.(Takhtajan, Crovello and Cronquist, 1986)
For many years restrictions were placed on their work because of their opposition to the official line on genetics promoted by Lysenko. In 1993 they worked for a while at the New York Botanical Garden.
Takhtajan system
The "Takhtajan system" of flowering plant classification treats flowering plants as a division (phylum), Magnoliophyta, with two classes, Magnoliopsida (dicots) and Liliopsida (monocots). These two classes are subdivided into subclasses, and then superorders, orders, and families. The Takhtajan system is similar to the Cronquist system, but with somewhat greater complexity at the higher levels. They favor smaller orders and families, to allow character and evolutionary relationships to be more easily grasped. The Takhtajan classification system remains influential; it is used, for example, by the Montréal Botanical Garden.
Selected publications
1948. Морфологическая эволюция покрытосеменных (Morphological evolution of angiosperms). [Translated from Russian to German by Werner Höppner, as Die Evolution der Angiospermae 1959, Fischer, Jena]
1969. Flowering plants: origin and dispersal. Oliver and Boyd, Edinburgh [Translated from Russian by C Jeffrey]
2009. Flowering Plants. Springer, New York
Legacy
Takhtajan has been considered one of the leading botanists of their time.
They have been honoured in the naming of several plant genera. In 1980, botanist Vandika Ervandovna Avetisyan published Takhtajaniella, which is a genus of flowering plant from Transcausica, belonging to the family Brassicaceae and it was named in their honour. Then in 1990, Nazarova published Takhtajaniantha (from the dandelion tribe within the daisy family,) and lastly in 1997, Takhtajania (from the family Winteraceae, which was found in Madagascar) was published.
See also
Takhtajan system
References
Works by Takhtajan
Takhtajan, Armen. 1973. Chetyre tsarstva organicheskogo mira (Four Kingdoms of the Organic World). Priroda (Nature), Akad. Nauk 2: 22–32.
External links
The parting with Armen Takhtajan. Photo-report on the site of the Komarov Botanical Institute.
Ivan Gabrielyan, Johanna Kovar-Eder. Obituary Nov 16 2010
1910 births
2009 deaths
Russian people of Armenian descent
Armenian botanists
Full Members of the USSR Academy of Sciences
Full Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Phytogeographers
Pteridologists
Soviet botanists
Scientists from Shusha
Symbiogenesis researchers
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Yerevan State University alumni
Yerevan State University faculty
Tucket's Home is the fifth novel in The Tucket Adventures by Gary Paulsen.
Plot
Francis finally recovers from a rattlesnake bite, and they continue the trek to Oregon with Lottie and Billy. On their way they encounter a greenhorn English adventurer and their servants, Jason Grimes, murderous outlaws, and a wagon train of men heading west to establish farms for their families. At the end of the novel, they find Francis's family and start businesses with the gold and silver they had found in the Spaniard's grave. Billy becomes a sailor. Francis and Lottie develop feelings for each other, get married, run the businesses, and farm the land. It ends by saying that Francis thinks about Mr. Grimes before they sleep every night. It was published in 2000 by Random House.
It was later turned into a five-part omnibus, entitled Tucket's Travels, along with the rest of the novels in The Tucket Adventures by Random House and released in 2003.
References
Novels by Gary Paulsen
2000 American novels
Novels set in Oregon
Random House books
This article lists and discusses the usage and derivation of names of small numbers.
Table of names
The following table lists English language names of small numbers used in the long and short scales, along with the power of 10, engineering notation, and International System of Units (SI) symbols and prefixes.
See also
Names of large numbers
Number names
Numeral prefix
Metric prefix
References
Numbers
Numeral systems
The Urban Tulsa Weekly was an independent weekly newspaper with a circulation of about 35,000 distributed to the Tulsa metropolitan area every Thursday.
Published and edited by Keith Skrzypczak, the newspaper struggled for years under their erratic leadership before ultimately folding when its printer threatened a lawsuit over unpaid invoices.<ref>, Tulsa World."</ref> The newspaper featured certain regular features including a "Capitolist" column by Arnold Hamilton, "Commentary" and "In the City." The Weekly also featured an annual "Hot 100" list naming Tulsa's most influential people for the year.
Controversy
On October 25, 2011, The Daily Cartoonist released an article announcing that Urban Tulsa cartoonist David Simpson had been accused of plagiarizing the work of Jeff MacNelly.
Subsequent investigations by Poynter revealed another cartoon in which Simpson had plagiarized MacNelly's work.
Shutdown
On November 5, 2013, it was reported that the Urban Tulsa Weekly'' had closed after operating for over twenty years.
References
External links
Urban Tulsa Weekly Web Site
Urban Tulsa Weekly Hot 100
Newspapers published in Tulsa, Oklahoma
Alternative weekly newspapers published in the United States
Newspapers established in 1979
1979 establishments in Oklahoma
Taiping was a Chinese steamer that sank after a collision with another vessel while en route from mainland China to Taiwan on 27 January 1949. With an estimated death toll of over 1,500 people, it ranks as one of the ten deadliest peacetime maritime disasters in history.
Final voyage
Taiping was packed to nearly twice their rated capacity, carrying over 1,000 refugees fleeing advancing Chinese Communist forces during the Chinese Civil War, when they departed Shanghai, China on 26 January 1949, bound for Keelung, Taiwan. Some estimates put the number of passengers on board at over 1,500, although the ship was only rated to carry 580 passengers.
After midnight on 27 January 1949, Taiping was steaming at night with their lights out, owing to a curfew, when they collided with the smaller cargo ship Chienyuan near the Zhoushan Archipelago. They sank, killing over 1,500 passengers and crew members.
Commemoration
Taiping, which made many journeys between mainland China and Taiwan before their tragic end, has been compared to the Mayflower for their role in bringing Chinese immigrants to Taiwan. They have also been compared to , which sank in 1912, owing to the similar loss of life in their sinking. A memorial to the ship and those who died aboard them was established at Keelung Harbor naval base on Taiwan.
In popular culture
The Crossing, a 2014 film directed by John Woo, is about the sinking of Taiping.
References
1949 in China
Maritime incidents in 1949
Ships sunk in collisions
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
1940s ships
KX and variants may refer to:
Businesses and brands:
Pentax KX, a 35mm film SLR camera model
Pentax K-x, a digital SLR camera model
Cayman Airways (IATA code KX)
KX Television, a network of four CBS affiliates under flagship KXMC-TV
Kx Systems, a software company focused on real-time analytics
KX 91.5. Philippines, a brand name for DXKX
Other uses:
Family Kx, a large group of the New Testament manuscripts
Kings Cross railway station, London
k͡x, symbol for the voiceless velar affricate in the International Phonetic Alphabet
See also
9945 Karinaxavier or 1990 KX, an asteroid
Xesta is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the subfamily Ariophantinae of the family Ariophantidae.
Species
Xesta aulica (L. Pfeiffer, 1854)
Xesta citrina (Linnaeus, 1758)
Xesta comorensis (Morelet, 1881)
Xesta complicata Iredale, 1941
Xesta cornecerea Iredale, 1941
Xesta dimidiata E. A. Smith, 1896
Xesta dinawa Iredale, 1941
Xesta fraudulenta (E. A. Smith, 1887)
Xesta injecta Iredale, 1941
Xesta kaledupana Möllendorff, 1902
Xesta luctuosa
Xesta obiana Möllendorff, 1902
Xesta oldhamiana Iredale, 1941
Xesta perfragilis Möllendorff, 1902
Xesta rufostrigata Fulton, 1921
Xesta srijohnabbasae Thach, 2020
Xesta steursi (Shuttleworth, 1852)
Xesta taibaishanensis J. Lin, W.-C. Zhou & D.-N. Chen, 2007
Xesta tomiana Möllendorff, 1902
Xesta tritoniensis (Le Guillou, 1842)
Taxa inquirenda
Xesta ahlburgi Leschke, 1914
Xesta kalaoensis E. A. Smith, 1896
Xesta langemaki Leschke, 1912
Xesta padasensis E. A. Smith, 1895
Xesta strubelli O. Boettger, 1891
Xesta thisbe E. A. Smith, 1895
Species brought into synonymy
Xesta (Corneoxesta) Iredale, 1941: synonym of Xesta Albers, 1850 (junior synonym)
Xesta carinocincta E. A. Smith, 1899: synonym of Elaphroconcha carinocincta (E. A. Smith, 1899) (original combination)
Xesta cincta "Lea, 1834" sensu P. Sarasin & F. Sarasin, 1898: synonym of Naninia steursi (Shuttleworth, 1852): synonym of Xesta steursi (Shuttleworth, 1852) (based on unavailable original name)
Xesta cumingi (L. Pfeiffer, 1849): synonym of Helicarion cumingii (L. Pfeiffer, 1849) (unaccepted generic combination)
Xesta dwipana Gude, 1903: synonym of Durgella pusilla (Martens, 1867) (original combination)
Xesta everetti E. A. Smith, 1897: synonym of Asperitas everetti (E. A. Smith, 1897) (original combination)
Xesta malaouyi de Morgan, 1885: synonym of Hemiplecta malaouyi (de Morgan, 1885) (original combination)
Xesta melanoraphe E. A. Smith, 1897: synonym of Asperitas trochus melanoraphe (E. A. Smith, 1897) (original combination)
Xesta mindanaensis C. Semper, 1870: synonym of Hemiplecta mindanaensis (C. Semper, 1870) (original combination)
Xesta notabilis B. Rensch, 1930: synonym of Asperitas notabilis (Rensch, 1930) (original combination)
Xesta piperata Fulton, 1901: synonym of Kalidos piperatus (Fulton, 1901) (original combination)
Xesta polymorpha E. A. Smith, 1897: synonym of Asperitas trochus polymorpha (E. A. Smith, 1897) (original combination)
Xesta renitens (Morelet, 1861): synonym of Macrochlamys renitens (Morelet, 1861) (unaccepted combination)
Xesta rookmaakeri B. Rensch, 1930: synonym of Asperitas rookmaakeri (B. Rensch, 1930) (original combination)
Xesta rugosissima (Möllendorff, 1903): synonym of Asperitas trochus (O. F. Müller, 1774) (junior synonym)
Xesta selayarensis E. A. Smith, 1896: synonym of Asperitas trochus selayarensis (E. A. Smith, 1896) (original combination)
Xesta subpolita E. A. Smith, 1897: synonym of Asperitas bimaensis subpolita (E. A. Smith, 1897) (original combination)
Xesta themis E. A. Smith, 1895: synonym of Everettia themis (E. A. Smith, 1895) (original combination)
Xesta trochus (O. F. Müller, 1774): synonym of Asperitas trochus (O. F. Müller, 1774) (superseded combination)
References
External links
Albers, J. C. (1850). Die Heliceen nach natürlicher Verwandtschaft systematisch geordnet. Berlin: Enslin. 262 pp.
Gray, J. E. (1834). [Several shells, which … referred to a genus to be separated from Helix under the name of Nanina.. Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London. (1834) 2: 58-59]
Iredale, T. (1941). A basic list of the land Mollusca of Papua. The Australian Zoologist. 10(1): 51-94, pls. 3-4
Albers, J. C.; Martens, E. von. (1860). Die Heliceen nach natürlicher Verwandtschaft systematisch geordnet von Joh. Christ. Albers. Ed. 2. Pp. i-xviii, 1-359. Leipzig: Engelman
Ariophantidae
Austrocidaria similata is a species of moth of the family Geometridae. It is endemic to New Zealand.
Taxonomy
It was first described by Francis Walker in 1862 using a specimen obtained by William Colenso and named Cidaria similata. The holotype specimen is held at the Natural History Museum, London.
Distribution
A. similata is endemic to New Zealand. This species is found on the Auckland Islands, Campbell Island, Snares Islands, the Chatham Islands and mainland New Zealand, Stewart Island and Codfish Island.
Biology and behaviour
Adults are on wing in December, February, May and September. The larvae feed on Coprosma species.
References
External links
Holotype specimen of species
Xanthorhoini
Moths of New Zealand
Moths described in 1862
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Taxa named by Francis Walker (entomologist)
Robert Alan Dahl (; December 17, 1915 – February 5, 2014) was an American political theorist and Sterling Professor of Political Science at Yale University.
They established the pluralist theory of democracy—in which political outcomes are enacted through competitive, if unequal, interest groups—and introduced "polyarchy" as a descriptor of actual democratic governance. An originator of "empirical theory" and known for advancing behavioralist characterizations of political power, Dahl's research focused on the nature of decision making in actual institutions, such as American cities.  They are the most important scholar associated with the pluralist approach to describing and understanding both city and national power structures.
In addition to their work on the descriptive theory of democracy, they were long occupied with the formulation of the constituent elements of democracy considered as a theoretical but realizable ideal. By virtue of the cogency, clarity, and veracity of their portrayal of some of the key characteristics of realizable-ideal democracy, as well as their descriptive analysis of the dynamics of modern pluralist-democracy, they are considered one of the greatest theorists of democracy in history.
Biography
Dahl was born in Inwood, Iowa, on December 17, 1915. Their father Peter came from a Norwegian family, while their mother Vera came from a Protestant American background.
They received their undergraduate degree from the University of Washington in 1936 and their Ph.D. from Yale in 1940.
After receiving their Ph.D., Dahl worked in the government in Washington DC and then volunteered for a spell in the US army. They served in Europe during World War II, was the leader of a small reconnaissance platoon in an infantry regiment, and earned a Bronze Star. They led a platoon that took part in a major offensive in November 1944.
After World War II, Dahl returned to Yale in 1946, where they were offered a temporary position teaching American government. The position became permanent, and Dahl remained at Yale their entire career, until their retirement in 1986. They were Eugene Meyer Professor of Political Science from 1955 to 1964, and Sterling Professor from 1964 to 1986. Dahl was departmental chair from 1957 to 1962.
Dahl served as president of the American Political Science Association in 1966/67.
Dahl was married to Mary Bartlett until their passing in 1970, and then to Ann Sale, a Presbyterian.
Awards and honors
Over their career, Dahl received many prestigious awards and prizes.
1950 Guggenheim fellow
1955–1956 Fellow of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences
1960 American Academy of Arts and Sciences
1962 Dahl's book Who Governs? is awarded the 1962 Woodrow Wilson Foundation Book Award.
1967 Fellow of the Center for Advanced Study in Behavioral Sciences
1972 National Academy of Sciences
1978 Guggenheim fellow
1990 Dahl's work Democracy and Its Critics (1989) won the Woodrow Wilson Foundation Book Award.
1995 Dahl was the first recipient of the Johan Skytte Prize in Political Science in 1995.
2016 Robert A. Dahl Award was established in honor of Dr. Robert Dahl by the American Political Science Association in 2016.
American Philosophical Society
British Academy (as a corresponding fellow).
Academic research
Early writings and pluralism
Dahl's influential early books include A Preface to Democratic Theory (1956), Who Governs? (1961), and Pluralist Democracy in the United States (1967), which presented pluralistic explanations for political rule in the United States.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, they were involved in an academic disagreement with C. Wright Mills over the nature of politics in the United States. Mills held that America's governments are in the grasp of a unitary and demographically narrow power elite. Dahl responded that there are many different elites involved, who have to work both in contention and in compromise with one another. If this is not democracy in a populist sense, Dahl contended, it is at least polyarchy (or pluralism). In perhaps their best known work, Who Governs? (1961), they examine the power structures (both formal and informal) in the city of New Haven, Connecticut, as a case study, and finds that it supports this view.
From the late 1960s onwards, their conclusions were challenged by scholars such as G. William Domhoff and Charles E. Lindblom (a friend and colleague of Dahl).
Writing on power and influence
One of their many contributions is their explication of the varieties of power, which they define as A getting B to do what A wants. Dahl prefers the more neutral "influence terms" (Michael G. Roskin), which they arrayed on a scale from best to worst:
Rational persuasion, the nicest form of influence, means telling the truth and explaining why someone should do something, like a doctor convincing a patient to stop smoking.
Manipulative persuasion, a notch lower, means lying or misleading to get someone to do something.
Inducement, still lower, means offering rewards or punishments to get someone to do something, like bribery.
Power threatens severe punishment, such as jail or loss of a job.
Coercion is power with no way out.
Physical force is backing up coercion with use or threat of bodily harm.
Thus, the governments that use influence at the higher end of the scale are best. The worst use the unpleasant forms of influence at the lower end.
Writing on democracy and polyarchies
Dahl wrote many books on democracy throughout their career. The most influential are Polyarchy: Participation and Opposition (1971) and Democracy and Its Critics (1989).
In Polyarchy, Dahl uses the term "polyarchy" to refer to actual cases of democracy and provides a comprehensive discussion of possible causes of polyarchy.
Criteria of a democratic process
In their book, Democracy and Its Critics, Dahl clarifies their view about democracy. No modern country meets the ideal of democracy, which is as a theoretical utopia. More specifically, argued that five criteria could be used for evaluating how democratic a process is:
Effective participation - All members ought to have equal and effective opportunities to make their views known to other members.
Voting equality - All members ought to have an equal and effective opportunity to vote, with votes counted as equal.
Enlightened understanding - All members must have equal and effective opportunities to learn about the consequences and alternatives of a proposal.
Control of the agenda - All members must have the exclusive opportunity to choose if or how matters will be placed on the agenda.
Inclusion of adults - All or most adult permanent residents should be given the full rights of the above four criteria.
Institutions of polyarchy
However, as in their earlier book Polyarchy, Dahl held that some countries approximated those ideals and could be classified as "polyarchies" inasmuch as thet had "seven institutions, all of which must exist for a government to be classified as a polyarchy":
Elected officials - "Control over government decisions about policy is constitutionally vested in elected officials."
Free and fair elections - "Elected officials are chosen in frequent and fairly conducted elections in which coercion is comparatively uncommon."
Inclusive suffrage - "Practically all adults have the right to vote in the election of officials."
Right to run for office - "Practically all adults have the right to run for elective offices in the government, though age limits may be higher for holding office than for the suffrage."
Freedom of expression - "Citizens have a right to express themselves without the danger of severe punishment on political matters broadly defined, including criticism of officials, the government, the regime, the socioeconomic order, and the prevailing ideology."
Alternative information - "Citizens have a right to seek out alternative sources of information. Moreover, alternative sources of information exist and are protected by laws."
Associational autonomy - "citizens ... have a right to form relatively independent associations or organizations, including independent political parties and interest groups."
Conditions favourable for democratic institutions
In their book On Democracy, Dahl sets out five conditions that favor democratic institutions. They deem three of them essential and the remaining two solely favourable.
Essential condition for democracy:
Control of military and police by elected officials
Democratic beliefs and political culture
No strong foreign control hostile to democracy
Favourable conditions for democracy:
A modern market economy and society
Weak subcultural pluralism
On the value of democracy
In their book On Democracy, Dahl addressed the question "Why should we support democracy?" and argued that "democracy has
at least ten advantages" relative to nondemocracies:
Avoiding tyranny
Essential rights
General freedom
Self determination
Moral autonomy
Human development
Protecting essential personal interests
Political equality
Peace-seeking
Prosperity
Later writings
In their later writing, Dahl examined democracy, in particular in the United States, with a critical view.
In How Democratic Is the American Constitution? (2001), Dahl argued that the US Constitution is much less democratic than it ought to be, given that its authors were operating from a position of "profound ignorance" about the future. However, they add that there is little or nothing that can be done about this "short of some constitutional breakdown, which I neither foresee nor, certainly, wish for."
In On Political Equality (2006), Dahl addresses the issue of equality and discusses how and why governments have fallen short of their democratic ideals. They assess the contemporary political landscape in the United States.
Major works
The best known of Dahl's works include:
Dahl, Robert A. 1950. Congress and Foreign Policy. New York: Harcourt, Brace
Dahl, Robert A. (1957). "The Concept of Power." Systems Research and Behavioral Science 2(3), 201–215.
Dahl, Robert A. (1957). "Decision-Making in a Democracy: The Supreme Court as a National Policy-Maker." Journal of Public Law 6: 279–295.
Full text.
Resources on Dahl and their research
Baldwin, David, and Mark Haugaard (eds.). 2018. Robert A. Dahl: An Unended Quest. Routledge.
Blokland, Hans Theodorus. 2011. Pluralism Democracy and Political Knowledge. Robert a Dahl and Their Critics on Modern Politics. Burlington, VT: Ashgate.
Crothers, Charles H.G. 2015. "Dahl, Robert A (1915–2014)," pp. 655-60, in James Wright (ed.), International Encyclopaedia of Social and Behavioural Sciences, 2nd ed. Vol. 5, Elsevier.
Dahl, Robert A. 2005. After the Goldrush: Growing up in Skagway. Xlibris Corporation. [A description by Dahl of their days growing up in Alaska.]
Dahl, Robert A., and Margaret Levi. 2009. “A Conversation with Robert A. Dahl". Annual Review of Political Science 12: 1-9
Fabbrini, Sergio. 2003. "Bringing Robert A. Dahl's Theory of Democracy to Europe." Annual Review of Political Science 6:1: 119-137.
Fisichella, Domenico. 2009. “Robert Dahl: The Democratic Polyarchy,” pp. 11-36, in Donatella Campus and Gianfranco Pasquino (eds.), Masters of Political Science. Colchester, UK: ECPR Press.
Mayhew, David. 2018. "A Biographical Memoir". National Academy of Sciences.
Shapiro, Ian, and Grant Reeher (eds.). 1988. Power, Inequality, and Democratic Politics: Essays in Honor of Robert A. Dahl. Westview Press.
Utter, Glenn H. and Charles Lockhart (eds.). 2002. American Political Scientists: A Dictionary (2nd ed.) pp 75–78, online.
Interview by Richard Snyder. 2007. "Robert A. Dahl: Normative Theory, Empirical Research and Democracy," pp. 113–149, in Gerardo L. Munck and Richard Snyder, Passion, Craft, and Method in Comparative Politics. Baltimore, Md.: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
See also
Democracy
Pluralism (political theory)
References
External links
Robert A. Dahl in the Yale University website.
Robert A. Dahl in the Encyclopædia Britannica.
Annual Reviews Conversations Interview with Robert A. Dahl (video)
Robert Alan Dahl Papers. Manuscripts and Archives, Yale University Library.
1915 births
2014 deaths
American political scientists
American political philosophers
Yale University alumni
Yale University faculty
Public administration scholars
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Yale Sterling Professors
University of Washington College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Social Science Research Council
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Yoshikuni (written: 義国, 吉邦, 慶邦 or 芳邦) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(1921–1997), Japanese landscape architect
(1825–1874), Japanese daimyō
(1681–1722), Japanese daimyō
(1082–1155), Japanese samurai
Yoshikuni (written: 吉國) is also a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
(1916–2011), Japanese baseball executive
Japanese-language surnames
Japanese masculine given names
Dimitrios Kasoumis (8 February 1930 – 1996) was a Greek sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1930 births
1996 deaths
Greek male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Greece
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lamia (city)
Central Oak Heights is an association of cottage owners on
45 acres (0.22 km2) of wooded land in Kelly Township, Union County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It was founded in 1909 as a religious campground and retreat by the Bible Conference Society of Central Pennsylvania of the United Evangelical Church.
Ownership of the land passed through several churches when in 1946, the Evangelical Church merged with the United Brethren in Christ at a meeting in Johnstown, PA to form the Evangelical United Brethren Church. This body, in turn, united with the American Methodist Church in 1968 to form the United Methodist Church. The Central Oak Heights Association, a non-profit corporation founded in 1987, took over ownership of the land in 1990. Although no longer affiliated in an official capacity with the United Methodist Church, a great majority of the cottage owners are members of United Methodist Church.
The grounds of Central Oak Heights are traditionally open during the summer months only, beginning with Memorial Day in late May and closing soon after Labor Day weekend in early September. But the official opening is April 15 and the grounds close for the winter on October 15. Most of the cottages are privately owned and occupied during the summer months by the owners. There are several cottages and dozens of rustic cabins that are available to rent. Also available to rent, is the Shaffer Building, a large dormitory style building, a dining hall, The Tabernacle an open air church with auditorium style seating and roff, Sylvan Chapel a chapel in the woods near the cabins, a swimming pool and two picnic pavilions.
History
The Bible Conference Society of Central Pennsylvania of the United Evangelical Church was founded in 1894 by a group of Evangelicals from Central Pennsylvania that were interested in holding camp meetings or bible conferences. They held their first summer meeting at Pine Grove near Lock Haven in the summer of 1894. A location near West Milton known as Miller's Grove was thought by the members of the conference was thought to be the ideal location for their meetings, but it was not available to purchase until 1907. The Evangelicals of Central Pennsylvania continued to hold their meetings at various locations in the Susquehanna Valley including Sylvan Dell in Armstrong Township near South Williamsport and Grace Church in Lewistown.
Miller's Grove
Central Oak Heights is situated on a knoll overlooking the West Branch Susquehanna River in Union County, Pennsylvania. It is across the river from Milton and just downstream from West Milton. This small hill was originally occupied by a small band of Shawnee who were governed by Shikellamy of the Iroquois. Shikellamy's main village was just downstream at present day Northumberland at the confluence of the West and North Branches of the Susquehanna Rivers. This land was acquired from the Indians under the terms of the Walking Purchase and the later Treaty of Fort Stanwix. Josh Hoffman was the first white man to hold a deed to the land. They received their patent in 1770. The land was owned by George Miller at the time it was sold to the Bible Conference Society of Central Pennsylvania of the United Evangelical Church. Mr. Miller was very found of "Miller's Grove" and sought to protect the stand of virgin oak that stood on their hill. One of the conditions of the purchase of the land was that the oaks be left standing. The Evangelicals paid $4,816.35 for the hilltop. They agreed to allow the oaks trees to continue to grow and most importantly they had a permanent home for their summertime meetings.
Buildings
The first camp meetings were held at Central Oak Heights in the summer of 1909. As many as 6,000 people came to the hilltop for these meetings. They arrived from the train stations in Milton and West Milton or if they lived close by they came on their horse-drawn wagons and carriages. Some campers stayed in tents and others set about the task of building the cottages that stand today at the Heights. The first structures that were built included the octagonal outdoor church known as the Tabernacle, a cottage and a dormitory. Over the years more and more cottages were built on the hilltop. The founders of Central Oak Heights also commissioned the building of a summer camp on the southern slopes of the hill. This camp, closed in the 1980s, served as a summer camp for Evangelical and later United Methodist youth from throughout the United States. The cottagers and campers swam in the river at what was to become Milton State Park before a swimming pool was built. The pool was built due to safety concerns regarding crossing the train tracks and U.S. Route 15 to get to the riverside. This pool was open to the youth of the summer camp and to the families that owned the cottages. A large dining hall was built in the 1950s for the camp. This Dining Hall was actually moved several hundred feet to the northwest in the 1960s. The move saved it from being demolished, since the old location was over the present-day site of Route 15, which was being expanded at the time from two lanes to four. Also built during this time period was Sylvan Chapel. This chapel is set deep in the woods of the campground.
Today
The Central Oak Heights of today is much different that what it was like in the early days. Most of the cottage owners are retired. They gather there in the summers with their families and enjoy the cool temperatures provided by the abundant shade given by the trees. Revival meetings have long since been discontinued, although Sunday worship services continue to be held in the original Tabernacle. The summer camp which ended in the 1980s is a part of history. The cabins still stand. Some have fallen into disuse and others are rented out to the occasional family or youth group. The swimming pool, dining hall, and pavilions are also rented to families and youth groups, and they receive regular use from the families of the cottage holders.
In the Summer of 2009, the Heights celebrated its 100th Anniversary. Many events took place on the grounds, including guided tours, concerts, open houses, picnics, and even Antique car rides.
External links
Central Oak Heights map
Official website
References
Buildings and structures in Union County, Pennsylvania
United Methodist Church
Evangelical United Brethren Church
1909 establishments in Pennsylvania
Non-profit organizations based in Pennsylvania
Simone Sales (born 31 January 1988) is an Italian footballer who plays for Team Altamura.
Biography
Born in Sanarica, the Province of Lecce, Apulia, Sales started their career at Lombard club Atalanta. Sales was the member of the under-18 team in 2005–06 season. Sales was promoted to under-19 team in 2006–07 season.
In July 2007 Sales joined Cuoio Pelli – Cappiano Romaiano in co-ownership deal. Sales earned a call-up to Italy under-20 Serie C team in September 2008; they represent Group B of Lega Pro 2nd Division in Lega Pro Quadrangular Tournament in January 2009.
In June 2009 Atalanta bought them back, and re-sold Sales to another Lombard club Cremonese in another co-ownership deal for €7,500. In June 2011 Atalanta gave up to remain 50% registration rights for free. Cremonese extended the contract of Sales and Mauro Minelli on 3 July 2013.
On 2 September 2013 Sales went back to hometown club Lecce in a temporary deal, with Carmine Palumbo moved to opposite direction.
On 30 July 2020 they moved to Monopoli on a 2-year contract.
On 12 January 2021 they signed a 1.5-year contract with Catania.
On 27 August 2021 they moved to Team Altamura in Serie D.
Footnotes
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
1988 births
Sportspeople from the Province of Lecce
Footballers from Apulia
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Atalanta B.C. players
U.S. Cremonese players
U.S. Lecce players
Venezia F.C. players
Carrarese Calcio players
S.S. Teramo Calcio players
Potenza Calcio players
S.S. Monopoli 1966 players
Catania S.S.D. players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Jezierzany may refer to the following places:
Jezierzany, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Jezierzany, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
Jezierzany, a town in the former province of Galicia, which ran along the southern border of Poland. It has an historical connection to the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Today, it is a populated place called Ozeriany, in Chortkiv Raion (district), Ternopil Oblast (province), Ukraine.
Alternate spellings
Yezerzhany
Yezezhany
Yeziverzany
See also
Ozeryany
The Universal Brotherhood is a cultural, non governmental, non religious, non profit, non sectarian organization. This organization was founded in Caracas, Venezuela by Serge Raynaud de la Ferriere and registered with the United Nations DPI (Department of Public Information) in 1949 in Algiers, Africa. The Universal Brotherhood was given special accreditation for 2000 by the NGO branch of the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs. According to that department, special consultative status is granted to NGOs which have a special competence in, and are concerned specifically with, only a few of the fields of activity covered by the ECOSOC.
Among the many goals and aims of the Universal Brotherhood is the establishment of Tolerance, Truth, and Peace, while recognizing that the truth is not something exclusive but that every path, religion, philosophy, culture has a part of the truth. Its objective is to bring together science, art and religion, for the purpose of intellectual improvement as well as spiritual education.
The Universal Brotherhood's goal is to unite people who wish to work towards the transcendence of the spirit, regardless of belief, nationality, gender and economic status. This organization is non sectarian and gives classes, lectures, and workshops regarding all the different paths, religions, philosophies and cultures impartially with preference towards none
The term 'Universal Brotherhood' also refers to the oneness of the whole world, and its aim is to reduce wars and discrimination against selective people such as workers.
Activities
The principal activities of Universal Brotherhood are community service such as workshops on good nutrition, yoga for good health, meditation for relaxation, activities for children and adolescents, and women's clubs.
References
Further references
Alcalde. C. L. Movimientos Religiosos Libres. Lima; Concynet, 1988
Álvarez, A. El Maestre – Cronobiografia. México, D.F; 1988
Beskow, Manita. Sacred Spaces: The Journey of a disciple tracing the footsteps of their Spiritual Teacher. Perth, Australia, 2012
González, O. La Aurora de Una Nueva Era. Ed. GFU, Caracas; 1972
Raynaud, L.B. de. Los Falsos Maestros, Mi Vida con SRF. Caracas: Editores Individuales, 1991; . This book was written by their wife and can be downloaded for free at a website which Wiki has unfortunately blocked. So just type: Serge Raynaud de la Ferriere in google and find the site where there is a zip file to download.
Morera, Rosibel. El Cristo de Acuarius: Las Claves que lo Confirman.Costa Rica. 2009≈
Siegel, P.: Serge Raynaud de la Ferrière: aspectos biográficos.São Paulo.2014.
External links
Official Site Universal Great Brotherhood - GFU
Cultural organizations based in Venezuela
Organizations established in 1949
1949 establishments in Venezuela
The Western Lakes Activities Association was an athletic conference for high schools located in western Wayne and southern Oakland Counties in Michigan from 1982 through 2007. The twelve schools of the WLAA merged with the Kensington Valley Conference, schools from the Oakland Activities Association, and newly opening schools to form the Kensington Lakes Activities Association in 2008.
History
The WLAA was formed in 1982 from the merger of the Western Six Activities Association and the Inter-Lakes League, with two schools from the Suburban Eight Leagues. The Western Six had lost Waterford Mott to the Greater Oakland Activities Association after 1980, while the Inter-Lakes League lost White Lake Lakeland to the Kensington Valley Conference, and Pontiac Northern did not field a team for 1981, leaving the ILL with four teams. Livonia Bentley and Plymouth-Salem came from the Suburban Eight to align themselves with more local rivals, including Livonia Churchill, Livonia Stevenson, and Plymouth-Canton. The extant school from the ILL, Waterford High School, joined Waterford Mott in the Greater Oakland conference before closing in 1983.
The initial roster of 10 schools was divided into two divisions, the Western and Lakes Divisions, and remained the same until 1985, when Livonia Bentley closed, and three schools joined from the Northwest Suburban League. The 1985 alignment remained the same through the 2001-02 school year.
In 2002, Farmington, North Farmington, and Harrison left for the Oakland Activities Association, and Wayne Memorial joined. In 2004, Walled Lake Northern and Plymouth joined the conference, bringing the WLAA to 12 teams for the remainder of its existence.
Divisional Alignments
1982-1984
Western Division
Farmington Harrison Hawks (from Western Six)
Livonia Churchill Chargers (from Western Six)
Northville Mustangs (from Western Six)
Plymouth-Canton Chiefs (from Western Six)
Walled Lake Western Warriors (from Western Six)
Lakes Division
Farmington Falcons (from Inter-Lakes)
Livonia Bentley Bulldogs (from Suburban Eight)
Livonia Stevenson Spartans (from Inter-Lakes)
Plymouth-Salem Rocks (from Suburban Eight)
Walled Lake Central Vikings (from Inter-Lakes)
1985-2001
Western Division
Farmington Harrison Hawks
Livonia Churchill Chargers
Livonia Franklin Patriots
Northville Mustangs
Plymouth-Canton Chiefs
Walled Lake Western Warriors
Lakes Division
Farmington Falcons
Livonia Stevenson Spartans
North Farmington Raiders
Plymouth-Salem Rocks
Walled Lake Central Vikings
Westland John Glenn Rockets
Changes from 1984:
Livonia Franklin, North Farmington, and Westland John Glenn join from the Northwest Suburban League
Livonia Bentley closes
2002-2003
Western Division
Canton Chiefs
Livonia Churchill Chargers
Livonia Franklin Patriots
Northville Mustangs
Walled Lake Western Warriors
Lakes Division
Livonia Stevenson Spartans
Salem Rocks
Walled Lake Central Vikings
Wayne Memorial Zebras
Westland John Glenn Rockets
Changes from 2001:
Farmington, North Farmington and Harrison leave and join the Oakland Activities Association
Wayne Memorial joins from the Michigan Mega Conference
Plymouth-Salem and Plymouth-Canton drop "Plymouth" from their names with the opening of the new Plymouth High School
2004-2007
Western Division
Canton Chiefs
Livonia Churchill Chargers
Livonia Franklin Patriots
Northville Mustangs
Plymouth Wildcats
Walled Lake Western Warriors
Lakes Division
Livonia Stevenson Spartans
Salem Rocks
Walled Lake Central Vikings
Walled Lake Northern Knights
Wayne Memorial Zebras
Westland John Glenn Rockets
Changes from 2003:
Plymouth and Walled Lake Northern began play in 2004
References
http://michigan-football.com/ - Michigan High School Football - conference records from 1950-present
Michigan high school sports conferences
George School of Law is a self-financed college of legal education at Konnagar, Hooghly district in the state of West Bengal, India. It was established in 2012. This college is affiliated to University of Calcutta. It is situated beside the Grand Trunk Road at Konnagar.
Course
The institute offers a 3 year LL.B course approved by Burdwan University and five-year integrated Bachelor of Laws (B.A./LL.B) course approved by the Calcutta University as well as the Higher Education Department, West Bengal. This degree is Recognized by Bar Council of India, New Delhi.
See also
List of colleges affiliated to the University of Calcutta
Education in India
Education in West Bengal
References
External links
Law schools in West Bengal
Universities and colleges in Hooghly district
2012 establishments in West Bengal
Educational institutions established in 2012
Bill Flagg (born March 11, 1934) is an American country and rockabilly singer, who was the first to use the term rockabilly.
Life
Childhood and youth
Bill Flagg was born and raised in Waterville, Maine. Shortly after the start of World War II, the family moved to Connecticut.
Career
Flagg began their career in radio as a "singing cowboy" calling themselves The Lone Pine Cowboy. They then moved to bluegrass before they and their friend, John Sligar, changed to rockabilly in 1954. Flagg is the first musician known to use this term. The musical style as such had already existed and had been played by musicians such as Hardrock Gunter and Roy Hall. Because of their rising popularity on the radio, they got a recording contract with Tetra Records in New York City. With their band members, Cat Gibson and Ted Barton, henceforth calling themselves The Rockabillies, Flagg recorded their first record in 1956, Howie Stange. The first singles, including Go Cat Go and Guitar Rock, recorded with a contrabass and two acoustic guitars, did not show on the Billboard charts. The records were marketed as "rockabillie" by Tetra.
In 1958, Flagg changed to MGM Records and released their last single. After that, they worked in their family's business and helped their father, who had previously suffered a heart attack. They only appeared in bars on weekends. Twenty-seven years after their musical career, their son, Bob, persuaded them to actively join the music scene again. After that, Flagg started a bluegrass band called Hobo Bill and the Last Ride. Since then, Bill Flagg has again been making appearances in the public.
Discography
References
External links
Biography
Discography with audio samples
1934 births
American country singer-songwriters
American rockabilly musicians
Singers from Maine
Living people
People from Waterville, Maine
20th-century American singers
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Songwriters from Maine
Country musicians from Connecticut
Singer-songwriters from Connecticut
Catriona Shearer is a Scottish broadcast journalist and producer, who was a presenter on BBC Scotland's national news programme Reporting Scotland.
Early life
Shearer graduated from Edinburgh Napier University with a BA (Hons) degree in Journalism.
Career
After their graduation at Napier University in 2003, Shearer moved to London and joined BBC Radio 5 Live as a journalist and producer for the station's flagship news programmes - 5 Live Breakfast, Drive, The Midday News, and Weekend Breakfast. They later moved to Cardiff, working for BBC Radio Wales as a co-presenter for the Saturday afternoon sports show Sportstime and a producer on the station's entertainment, music and features output.
Shearer later joined BBC Radio Scotland as a producer for news programmes Newsdrive and Scotland Live and presented traffic updates during the flagship breakfast programme Good Morning Scotland. They also presented a weekly online video podcast and worked on the radio quiz show Soundbites before becoming a television news presenter in 2007. Shearer currently presents Reporting Scotlands breakfast bulletins on weekdays and is a stand-in anchor for the main 6:30pm evening programme.
Alongside Reporting Scotland, Shearer has also been involved with several BBC Scotland non-news programmes, including presenting a documentary on Pope Benedict XVI's tour visit to Scotland and a guest appearance on the football comedy series Only An Excuse?. As a keen music fan, they have also presented BBC Radio Scotland's overnight New Music Zone strand and has contributed to Kruger magazine and Gigwise.  They are also a columnist for the Sunday edition of The Scottish Sun.
In May 2021, Shearer revealed on Twitter they would be leaving BBC Scotland after 16 years.
References
External links
Catriona Shearer at bbc.co.uk
Living people
BBC Scotland newsreaders and journalists
British women television journalists
Women radio presenters
Alumni of Edinburgh Napier University
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tenant Chilumba (born 22 August 1972) is a Zambian football manager and former player.
Playing career
Born in Mufulira, Chilumba played football in the local league with Kabwe Warriors and Power Dynamos. They played professionally in South Africa and Saudi Arabia, with AmaZulu and Al Taawon.
Chilumba played for the Zambia national football team from 1990 to 1998. They were part of Zambia's African Cup of Nations teams in 1994 and 1998, helping the team reach the 1994 final in Tunisia and scoring a goal as they were eliminated in the 1998 group stage in Burkina Faso.
Managerial career
After they retired from playing, Chilumba began a coaching career. They enjoyed success managing clubs in Zimbabwe, winning the 2012 ZIFA coach of the year with Hwange Colliery. More recently, they have managed in their native Zambia, leading Power Dynamos F.C., NAPSA Stars, and Kabwe Warriors F.C.  They are currently managing Forest Rangers F.C.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Zambian footballers
Zambia international footballers
1994 African Cup of Nations players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Power Dynamos F.C. players
Kabwe Warriors F.C. players
AmaZulu F.C. players
Al-Taawoun FC players
Saudi Professional League players
Association football midfielders
Zambian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Zambian football managers
Zambian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Zimbabwe
Zambian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Zambian expatriate sportspeople in Zimbabwe
In Love with Barbara is a 2008 drama television film, inspired by the life of the romantic novelist Barbara Cartland, which tells the story of what made them the Queen of Romance. It was written by Jacquetta May and shown on BBC Four at 9:00pm, on Sunday 26 October 2008.
Cast
Anne Reid – Barbara Cartland
David Warner – Lord Mountbatten
Sinead Matthews – Young Barbara
Tom Burke – Ronald Cartland
Rebekah Staton – Helen
Jacquetta May – Polly Cartland
Christopher Naylor – Hugh McCorquodale
Elliot Cowan – 'Sacchie' McCorquodale
References
External links
2008 television films
2008 films
2008 romantic drama films
British romantic drama films
Biographical films about writers
Cultural depictions of writers
Cultural depictions of British women
Cultural depictions of Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
British drama television films
Juan Francisco Lozano Ramírez (born 19 March 1964) is a Colombian lawyer and journalist currently serving as Senator of Colombia and since 2010 has been the General Director of the Social Party of National Unity (Party of the U), Colombia's biggest political and most influential political coalition. Under the Administration of President Álvaro Uribe Vélez they served as the 3rd Minister of Environment, Housing and Territorial Development (2006-2009), High Presidential Advisor (2004-2006), and Presidential Advisor of Social Policy (2004), and had also served as Presidential Advisor for the Youth, Women, and Family (1990-1993) in the Administration of President César Gaviria Trujillo.
References
1964 births
Living people
Politicians from Bogotá
University of Los Andes (Colombia) alumni
20th-century Colombian lawyers
Colombian journalists
Male journalists
Presidential advisers of Colombia
Ministers of Environment, Housing and Territorial Development of Colombia
Social Party of National Unity politicians
Members of the Senate of Colombia
Elizabeth Agyemang (born 13 May 1949) is a Ghanaian politician and a member of the Parliament of Ghana. They represent Oforikrom in the Ashanti region of Ghana.  They are a member of the New Patriotic Party and the Deputy Minister of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
Early life and education
Agyemang was born in Kotei in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. They hold a teacher's certificate ‘A'. They acquired the certificate in 1971. They also received nursing certificate from the Alexandria Hospital in Virginia, USA. This was in 1989.
Career
From January 2005 to January 2017, Elizabeth represented the Oforikrom constituency in the Ashanti region of Ghana. They won their parliamentary seat by securing 58,812 votes out of 90,333 valid votes cast in their constituency.
In March 2017, President Nana Akufo-Addo, named them one of the ten deputy regional ministers who would form part of their government. They were vetted by the Appointments Committee of the Parliament of Ghana in the same month. They were approved by the committee and their name was forwarded to Speaker of Parliament for further approval by the general house of parliament.
Elections
Agyemang was elected as the member of parliament for the Oforikrom constituency of the Ashanti Region of Ghana for the first time in the 2004 Ghanaian general elections. They won on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party. Them constituency was a part of the 36 parliamentary seats out of 39 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in that election for the Ashanti Region. The New Patriotic Party won a majority total of 128 parliamentary seats out of 230 seats. They were elected with 47,388 votes out of 71,594 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 66.2% of total valid votes cast. They were elected over Minir Abdullah Dawood of the People's National Convention, Abofra George Cudjoe of the National Democratic Congress and Adelaide Borden of the Convention People's Party. These obtained 2,516, 21,056 and 634 votes respectively of the total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 3.5%, 66.2%, 29.4% and 0.9% respectively of total valid votes cast.
In 2008, they won the general elections on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party for the same constituency. Them constituency was part of the 34 parliamentary seats out of 39 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in that election for the Ashanti Region. The New Patriotic Party won a minority total of 109 parliamentary seats out of 230 seats. They were elected with 40,704 votes out of 64,538 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 63.07% of total valid votes cast. They were elected over Munir Abdullah Dawood of the People's National Convention, Terlabi Ebenezer Okletey of the National Democratic Congress and Afful Hayfor of the Convention People's Party. These obtained 1,120, 21,572 and 1,142 votes respectively out of the total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 1.74%, 33.43% and 1.77% respectively of the total votes cast.
In 2012, they won the general elections once again for the same constituency. They were elected with 58,812 votes out of 90,333 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 65.11% of total valid votes cast. They were elected over Awidu Gariba of the National Democratic Congress, Raphael Brobbey of the Progressive People's Party, Salifu Zakari of the Convention People's Party, Faustina Adjei of the National Democratic Party and Nana Osei Tutu Prempeh an independent candidate. These obtained 29,393, 1,246, 311, 419 and 152 votes respectively of the total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 32.54%, 1.38%, 0.34%, 0.46% and 0.17% respectively of the total votes cast.
Personal life
Agyemang is married with three children. They identify as a Christian.
References
Living people
21st-century Ghanaian women politicians
1949 births
People from Ashanti Region
Ghanaian Christians
Ghanaian MPs 2009–2013
Ghanaian MPs 2005–2009
is a city located in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan. The city was founded on October 1, 1958. As of March 2017, the city has an estimated population of 37,442 and a population density of 500 km2. The total area is 74.17 km2.
Famous people of Uto
Hamanoshima Keishi - retired sumo wrestler, komusubi
Shiranui Dakuemon - retired sumo wrestler, 8th yokozuna
Shōdai Naoya - sumo wrestler, ōzeki
Naomichi Ueda - Footballer
References
External links
Cities in Kumamoto Prefecture
Bes (; also spelled as Bisu, ), together with their feminine counterpart Beset, is an ancient Egyptian deity worshipped as a protector of households and, in particular, of mothers, children, and childbirth. Bes later came to be regarded as the defender of everything good and the enemy of all that is bad. Bes may have been a Middle Kingdom import from Nubia or Somalia, and their cult did not become widespread until the beginning of the New Kingdom.
Worship of Bes spread as far north as the area of Syria and as far west as the Balearic Islands (Ibiza) in Spain, and later into the Roman and Achaemenid Empires.
Worship
Bes was a household protector, becoming responsible – throughout ancient Egyptian history – for such varied tasks as killing snakes, fighting off evil spirits, watching after children, and aiding women in labour by fighting off evil spirits, and thus present with Taweret at births.
Images of the deity, quite different from those of the other gods, were kept in homes. Normally Egyptian gods were shown in profile, but instead Bes appeared in full face portrait, ithyphallic, and sometimes in a soldier's tunic, so as to appear ready to launch an attack on any approaching evil. They scared away demons from houses, so their statue was put up as a protector.
Since they drove off evil, Bes also came to symbolize the good things in life – music, dance, and sexual pleasure. In the New Kingdom, tattoos of Bes could be found on the thighs of dancers, musicians and servant girls. Many instances of Bes mask and costumes from the New Kingdom and later have been uncovered. These show considerable wear, thought to be too great for occasional use at festivals, and are therefore thought to have been used by professional performers, or given out for rent.
Later, in the Ptolemaic period of Egyptian history, chambers were constructed, painted with images of Bes and their wife Beset, thought by Egyptologists to have been for the purpose of curing fertility problems or general healing rituals.
Like many Egyptian gods, the worship of Bes or Beset was exported overseas. While the female variant had been more popular in Minoan Crete, the male version would prove popular with the Phoenicians and the ancient Cypriots. The Balearic island of Ibiza derives its name from the god's name, brought along with the first Phoenician settlers in 654 BC. These settlers, amazed at the lack of any sort of venomous creatures on the island, thought it to be the island of Bes (<איבשם> ʔybšm, *ʔibošim, yibbōšīm "dedicated to Bes"). Later the Roman name Ebusus was derived from this designation.
At the end of the 6th century BC, images of Bes began to spread across the Achaemenid Empire, which Egypt belonged to at the time. Images of Bes have been found at the Persian capital of Susa, and as far away as central Asia. Over time, the image of Bes became more Persian in style, as they were depicted wearing Persian clothes and headdress.
Iconography
Modern scholars such as James Romano claim that in its earliest inception Bes was a representation of a lion rearing up on its hind legs. After the Third Intermediate Period, Bes is often seen as just the head or the face, often worn as amulets.
Popular culture
Bes appears, as part of the delegation of Egyptian gods, in The Sandman: Season of Mists (December 1990 – July 1991), by Neil Gaiman.
Bes appears as a trickster in Mummies Alive! (1997) animated series.
Bes appears as a character in Otherland: volume 3 Mountain of Black Glass (1999) by Tad Williams. Their physical description reflects traditional iconography.
Bes is a friend and helper to the heroes in Pyramid Scheme (2001) by Eric Flint and Dave Freer.
Bes appears, as a god of love in the Egyptian movie Secret Service Suitor (Aris min geha amneya) (2004).
Bes is an important character in the books of the saga The Kane Chronicles (2010–2012) by Rick Riordan.
Bes appears in the video game Realm of the Mad God (2011) as a boss of an Egyptian themed dungeon known as the "Tomb of the Ancients", alongside Nut and Geb.
Bes appears in “the Nikopol Trilogy”, by Enki Bilal, alongside several of the ancient gods of Egypt, hovering over a dystopian Paris and world.
Bibliography
The Complete Gods and Goddesses of Ancient Egypt, Richard H. Wilkinson.
The Oxford History of Ancient Egypt, Ian Shaw.
References
Further reading
Dasen, Veronique (2013). Dwarfs in Ancient Egypt and Greece. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Arts gods
Domestic and hearth deities
Egyptian gods
Fertility gods
Childhood gods
Fortune gods
Tutelary deities
Love and lust deities
Love and lust gods
Beinn a' Chapuill (759 m) is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It is located in Ross and Cromarty, close to the community of Glenelg.
A rugged peak, its finest feature is its long east ridge. The famous brochs of Dun Telve and Dun Troddan lie in close proximity.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Grahams
Mountains and hills of the Northwest Highlands
Leea (Tagalog: Talyantan) is a genus of plants that are distributed throughout Northern and eastern Australia, New Guinea, South and Southeast Asia and parts of Africa. The APG IV system places Leea in the subfamily Leeoideae (Vitaceae). Leea is now placed in the family Vitaceae having previously been placed in its own family, Leeaceae, based on morphological differences between it and other Vitaceae genera. These differences include ovule number per locule (two in Vitaceae and one in Leeaceae), carpel number (two in Vitaceae and three in Leeaceae), and the absence or presence of a staminoidal tube (present in Leeaceae) and floral disc (present in Vitaceae). Pollen structure has also been examined for taxonomic demarcation, though studies have concluded that the pollen of Leeaceae and Vitaceae suggests the families should remain separate while other studies conclude that Leea should be included in Vitaceae.
The genus was named by Linnaeus after James Lee, the Scottish nurseryman based in Hammersmith, London who introduced many new plant discoveries to England at the end of the 18th century.
Ecology
Leea flowers are visited by a variety of potential insect pollinators, including flies, wasps, bees, butterflies, and beetles. Some species may have evolved synchronized dichogamy as a mechanism to prevent self pollination.
Species
Plants of the World Online currently includes:
Leea aculeata Blume ex Spreng.
Leea acuminatissima Merr.
Leea adwivedica K.Kumar
Leea aequata L.
Leea alata Edgew.
Leea amabilis H.J.Veitch
Leea angulata Korth. ex Miq.
Leea asiatica (L.) Ridsdale
Leea compactiflora Kurz
Leea congesta Elmer
Leea coryphantha Lauterb.
Leea curtisii King
Leea glabra C.L.Li
Leea gonioptera Lauterb.
Leea grandifolia Kurz
Leea guineensis G.Don
Leea heterodoxa K.Schum. & Lauterb.
Leea indica (Burm.f.) Merr.
Leea krukoffiana Ridsdale
Leea longifoliola Merr.
Leea macrophylla Roxb. ex Hornem.
Leea macropus Lauterb. & K.Schum.
Leea magnifolia Merr.
Leea papuana Merr. & L.M.Perry
Leea philippinensis Merr.
Leea quadrifida Merr.
Leea rubra Blume
Leea saxatilis Ridl.
Leea setuligera C.B.Clarke
Leea simplicifolia Zoll. & Moritzi
Leea smithii Koord.
Leea spinea Desc.
Leea suaveolens Merr. & L.M.Perry
Leea tetramera B.L.Burtt
Leea thorelii Gagnep.
Leea tinctoria Lindl. ex Baker
Leea tuberculosemen C.B.Clarke
Leea unifoliolata Merr.
Leea zippeliana Miq.
References
External links
Vitaceae genera
Wallsend Football Club is a football club in Australia. They play in the Northern NSW State League Division 1 which is the second tier of competition in Northern NSW Football. They are the oldest football club in Newcastle.
Club
Colours
The original club colours consisted of a red shirt with a white sash, white shorts and red and white socks. This strip was worn by the Wallsend Rovers, the original club name in 1887. The presence of red and white has been continuous, with evolving designs and styles always involving the use of these colours.
Ground
Wallsend Football Club is based at The Gardens Sporting Complex, which was formerly used by the Newcastle Breakers until their demise. The ground has been developed into a multi-use greyhound and sports venue, not merely a site for football. The previous capacity to hold 11,000 spectators has dropped to one of 2,000, with 1,100 of those being seated.
Rivalries
Wallsend Football Club's principal rivals are the nearby clubs of West Wallsend FC and Adamstown Rosebud FC, against whom they have been playing matches for over a century.
Wallsend's nearest rival in geographic terms is the club Plattsburg Marylands FC.
Honours
Major Premierships
NEWFM Northern League One Champions: 2
2015, 2016
State Premiers: 3
1942, 1943, 1944
Northern Premiers: 3
1945, 1951, 1953
State Premiership: 3
1957, 1959, 1965
State League Premiership: 2
1932, 1933
Northern League Premiership: 1
1929
Other
Premiership Runners-Up: 11
1930, 1949, 1954, 1956, 1971, 1976, 1980, 1984, 1985, 1994, 1995
Minor Premierships: 4
1951, 1965, 1985, 1994
Club Championships: 2
1994, 2003
Cup wins
Daniel's Cup: 16
1938, 1939, 1940, 1941, 1942, 1943, 1950, 1951, 1955, 1956, 1957, 1958, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1964
Ellis Cup: 5
1889, 1919, 1920, 1923, 1924
State Cup: 5
1926, 1932, 1933, 1937, 1942
Robinson Cup: 5
1932, 1933, 1938, 1939, 1940, 1962
Ampol Cup: 4
1960, 1961, 1963, 1964
Richardson Cup: 3
1921, 1926, 1937
State League Cup: 3
1944, 1950, 1957(1)
Gardiner Cup: 3
1944, 1945, 1947
Priest Cup: 3
1943, 1944, 1945
Sheahan Cup: 2
1938, 1941
Northern Cup: 2
1931, 1932
Badge Trophy: 2
1900, 1903
note (1) 1957 winner of the NSW Association State Cup, after the breakaway from the NSW Federation
Current squad
"As of 4 April 2019"
Australian representatives
A number of Wallsend have representational honours at various levels. In 1933 one Australian national team fielded five Wallsend players, being; C Edgetton, Winky Forrester, J Osborne, Jock Parkes, and Alf Quill. The match was played against New Zealand and ended as a draw with C Edgetton captaining the side and Alf Quill scoring both Australian goals.
Les Burnett
Reg Date
C Edgetton
Winky Forrester
Ron Giles
A Hearney
Ernest [Dick] Kemp
William [Bill] Mahoney
A Mascord
Jack O'Brien Snr
Jack O'Brien Jnr
J Osborne
E Owens
Hedley Parkes
Jock Parkes
Dan Rees
Alf Quill
Harold Whitelaw
Hugh Whitelaw
Jack Whitelaw
Olympians
The Melbourne Olympic Games of 1956 saw two representatives from Wallsend Football Club play for Australia:
George Arthur
Bruce Morrow
Top Scorers per season
References
External links
Soccer clubs in New South Wales
1887 establishments in Australia
Association football clubs established in 1887
Shepaug Valley School (SVS) is a seven-year (grades 6-12) public, coeducational middle and high school in Washington, Connecticut. Shepaug Valley School is the only public secondary school of Regional School District 12, which serves Washington, Bridgewater, and Roxbury.
It was formerly two separate schools, Shepaug Valley Middle School (SVMS) and Shepaug Valley High School (SVHS). It was chosen as Connecticut's only public high school to receive the blue-ribbon school in 1998, and one of two in New England.
History
Prior to 2000 the school received block scheduling. In 2012 the superintendent of the school district, Patricia Cosentino, wanted to establish a "flexible schedule" (using elements of both block and traditional scheduling) regime for both the middle and high schools, and therefore end block scheduling for high school students. The high school parent council opposed the plan. In 2012 there were about 320 students in the high school, and the enrollment was decreasing.
Ground plan
Shepaug is a one-floor building housed on an campus. Since the space is shared with students of Shepaug Valley Middle School, who have their own wing in the building, high school students take academic courses in their own section of the building, a long hallway off of which classrooms branch.
The rest of the building is shared between middle and high school students. It consists of a cafeteria, a large, central cavity known as "the mall", a library resource center with more than 10,000 print volumes, gymnasium, planetarium, swimming pool, band and choir practice rooms, fine arts, auto, and woodworking shops, and a professionally equipped theatre.
Outdoors on campus, there is a peace pole and reflection area, a swing-set, a pond, and a memorial to former student Tam Farrow. Shepaug also hosts soccer and field hockey fields, a competitive cross-country trail, and a track that was recently under renovation.
Notable alumni
Stephen C. Reich, United States Army Major killed during Operation Red Wings
Evan Scribner, former MLB player (San Diego Padres, Oakland Athletics)
Joe Moravsky, athlete and reality television contestant
Sadie Dupuis, lead vocals and guitar in band Speedy Ortiz
References
External links
Schools in Litchfield County, Connecticut
Public high schools in Connecticut
Public middle schools in Connecticut
1969 establishments in Connecticut
The Spiral Starecase was an American pop band, best known for its 1969 single "More Today Than Yesterday".
The band, from Sacramento, California, United States, was recognizable for its horns and lead singer/guitarist Pat Upton's voice. The group also included Harvey Kaye (organ), Dick Lopes (saxophone), Bobby Raymond (bass guitar), Gene Austin (bass guitar), Vinny Parello (drums), Mark Barrett (drums) and Al Sebay (electric guitar).
Starting as the Fydallions, they released that song, one album, and a few more singles including "No One for Me to Turn To" after signing with Columbia.
The band had hits with "More Today Than Yesterday", released in January 1969, and the follow-up "She's Ready". "More Today Than Yesterday" has been covered by, among others, Sonny and Cher, Diana Ross, and Goldfinger, and was featured in the 1991 film My Girl, on the soundtrack of The Waterboy in 1998, and in an episode of Ally McBeal entitled Silver Bells.
"More Today Than Yesterday" peaked at number 12 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and number seven on the Cash Box Top 100. It is ranked as the 50th biggest U.S. hit of 1969. In Canada, it reached number six and is ranked as the 63rd biggest hit of the year.
History
The group evolved from a four-piece instrumental group called the Fydallions, which formed in 1964 in Sacramento, California, for an Air Force talent contest. After leaving the Air Force, the band went on the road, playing five-hour lounge jobs on the Las Vegas circuit. The Fydallions, by then a quintet consisting of Dick Lopes (saxophone), Bobby Raymond (bass guitar), Harvey Kaye (keyboards), Vinnie Parello (drums), and Pat Upton (guitar and lead vocals), were noticed by the A&R representative for Columbia Records, Gary Usher, while they were working in El Monte, California. Columbia signed the band, but insisted that they change their name. The band was renamed after the movie The Spiral Staircase, but with a deliberate misspelling.
Their first two singles, produced by Gary Usher, were regional successes in markets like Phoenix, Arizona. At this time, Sonny Knight was brought in to produce their first album. Usher had encouraged Upton to write original material for the group, and Upton had written "More Today Than Yesterday," while the band was working the Flamingo Sky Room in Las Vegas.
"Baby What I Mean", which was also released during 1968, and the two songs are on The Very Best of the Spiral Starecase.
About 18 months after the single's release, after releasing one album and a few more singles, the group disbanded due to poor management and squabbles over finances.
Upton went back to Los Angeles to work as a session musician, eventually working with Ricky Nelson.
Kaye returned to Las Vegas and reformed the band. That line-up featured Mike Caschera (aka. Michael Anthony) (lead vocals), Al Sebay (guitar), Gene Austin (electric bass), and Mark Barrett (drums). The band toured extensively and played every major venue in the United States, Canada, and Mexico in the late 1970s through the mid-1980s with a full horn section to replicate the sound of their biggest hits.
Raymond died in 1984. Kaye died on August 17, 2008 at the age of 69. Upton died on July 27, 2016, aged 75, after a long illness.
Discography
Albums
Compilation albums
Singles
See also
List of 1960s one-hit wonders in the United States
References
External links
Biography
Pat Upton interview
American pop music groups
Musical groups from Sacramento, California
Columbia Records artists
Musical groups established in 1964
Eucyclodes gavissima, the Oriental orange banded green geometer moth, is a species of moth of the family Geometridae described by Francis Walker in 1861. It is found in the Indian subregion, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, western China, Taiwan, Vietnam, Sumatra and Borneo.
Description
The wingspan of the male is 34 mm. Hindwings with veins 3, 4 and 6, 7 stalked. Forewings with vein 11 from the cell. Forewings with veins 3, 4 from angle of cell. Hind tibia of male with two spur pairs, and dilated with a fold containing a tuft of long hair. Antennae of male bipectinate (comb like on both sides). It is generally a yellowish-green moth. Palpi and vertex of head whitish. Thorax and abdomen marked with white. Wings with white markings. Forewings with basal and sub-basal spots. Waved antemedial band with spot found on its inner edge below cell. Two spots at end of cell. There is a waved postmedial band dentate on inner area and merging in to a large purplish-fuscous patch on costal area. Two sub-marginal and a marginal series of spots. Hindwings with white spots on the basal area. A highly waved medial band and postmedial, sub-marginal, and marginal white spot series present. Ventral side whitish with black-brown patches near apex of each wing, which is largest found on hindwings.
The wingspan of the female is 40 mm. The female has some crimson specks on the thorax and abdomen. Wings with rufous edges to the white markings. Forewings with rufous edges to the white markings. Forewings with a crimson patch beyond the postmedial line on inner area. Hindwings with yellowish and crimson basal area.
Larva mottled light brown, brown, white and tinged irregularly rufous. The larvae feed on the flowers of Memecylon species. Pupa bone colored, suffused pink and speckled with black.
Subspecies
Eucyclodes gavissima gavissima
Eucyclodes gavissima aphrodite (Prout, 1933) (western China, Taiwan)
References
External links
The Moths of Borneo
Moths described in 1861
Geometrinae
Moths of Asia
Calabrian wine (Italian: Vino Calabrese) is Italian wine from the Calabria region of southern Italy. Over 90% of the region's wine production is red wine, with a large portion made from the Gaglioppo grape. Calabria has 12 Denominazione di origine controllata (DOC) regions, but only 4% of the yearly production is classified as DOC wine. The region is one of Italy's most rural and least industrialized with per capita income less than half of the national average. Following World War II, many of Calabria's inhabitants emigrated to Northern Italy, the United States, Australia and Argentina. Those left behind have been slow to develop a vibrant wine industry with only the red wines of Cirò garnering much international attention. Today Calabrian wines are mostly produced to high alcohol levels and sold to co-operatives who transfer the wines to the northern Italian wine regions to use as blending component. There are no Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita (DOCG) regions, but Calabria does have 12 Indicazione Geografica Tipica (IGT) designations.
History
The region of Calabria was first cultivated by the Oenotrians, and then by the ancient Greeks. The Greek athlete Milo of Croton was from this region and was reported to drink of Ciró wine each day. Tradition has that the wine is still made in the same way today as it was in Milo's time. During the 1st century AD, Pliny the Elder included Calabrian wine in their listings of quality Italian wines.
Climate and geography
Calabria is located at the "toe" of the Italian peninsula and is characterized by its Mediterranean climate. To the north is the Apennine Mountains forming the border with Basilicata. The Ionian Sea forms the eastern and southern borders followed by the Strait of Messina (separating Calabria from Sicily) and Tyrrhenian Sea forming the western border. The winters are mild, with average temperatures around 10°C, rarely dropping below 5°C. The climate near the coast is very hot and dry throughout most of the year. The majority of the region's wine production takes place in the central areas of the eastern and western coastlines.
Regions
Cirò
The Cirò wine region is located in the eastern foothills of the La Sila region and extends to the Ionian coast. The region's classico (or heartland) is centered on the comuni of Cirò and Cirò Marina in the province of Crotone. The soil of this area is predominantly calcareous marl with some clay and sand deposits. The wines of the regions are predominantly red containing at least 95% of the Gaglioppo grape and up to 5% of the white Greco bianco and Trebbiano grapes permitted. Rosés and white wines from at least 90% Greco bianco and up to 10% Trebbiano are also made in Cirò but in very limited quantities. While a common synonym of Trebbiano is Greco, the grape is separate and distinct from the Calabrian wine grape Greco bianco. The designation of Cirò classico will only appear on red wines. Red Cirò is typically very tannic and full bodied with strong fruit presences. It is often meant to be consumed 3–4 years after vintage but can take more time to soften the tannins. It is said that Cirò was offered to winners of the ancient Olympics.
Other wine regions
Of the remaining 11 DOC regions, Melissa and Isola di Capo Rizzuto are located near Cirò along the Ionian coast. In the far southern province of Reggio Calabria are the Bianco and Bivongi regions. The western wine regions are located in the provinces of Catanzaro and Cosenza. They include the DOCs of Donnici, Lamezia Terme, Pollino, San Vito di Luzzi, Savuto, Scavigna and Verbicaro.
Bianco- The DOC of Greco di Bianco is one of the few predominant white wine regions in Calabria. The area produces most sweet wine from the Greco bianco grape that have alcohol contents of at least 17%. The wines are typically produced as straw wines with the grapes being partially dried prior to pressing and fermentation. Greco di Bianco is characterized by a deep amber color and aromas of citrus and herbs.
Bivongi-The DOC of Bivongi is one of Calabria's newest DOCs and produces red and rosé wines from blends of Gaglioppo, Greco nero, Nocera, Castiglione and Calabrese. The few white wines made in this region are dry wines made from a blend of Greco bianco, Guardavalle, Mantonico bianco (potentially Mantonico bianco), Malvasia bianca and Ansonica as well as up to 30% of other available white grape varieties.
Donnici- The Domnici DOC is located south of Cosenza on the western slopes of the La Sila plateau. The production is mainly red wine made from Gaglioppo with some blending of Greco nero and Mantonico nero.
Isola di Capo Rizzuto- The DOC of Sant'Anna di Isola di Capo Rizzuto is located south of commune of Melissa. The region was once an island but overtime the marshland around it filled in and connected the region to the mainland. The DOC produces dry red and rosé wines from Gaglioppo, Nocera, Nerello Mascalese (and the related Nerello Cappuccio), and up to 35% of added Malvasia and Greco bianco.
Lamezia Terme- The DOC of Lamezia-Sambiase is located on the plains and hill side regions around the Gulf of Sant'Eufemia near the Sant'Eufemia d'Aspromonte along the Tyrrhenian Sea. The region is very warm, allowing the grapes to fully ripen and develop body and alcohol levels. The region produces red and rosé wines from Gaglioppo, Nerello Mascalese, Nerello Cappuccio, Greco nero, Magliocco and Marsigliana. The white wines from the region are made from Greco bianco, Malvasia bianca and Trebbiano.
Melissa-The Melissa DOC is located south of Cirò and produces wines of similar style, though not with the same international reputation of quality. The red wine grapes of the region are the Gaglioppo and Greco nera with some blending of the white wine grapes Greco bianco, Malvasia bianca and Trebbiano.
Pollino- The Pollino DOC is named for the nearby mountain range that forms part of the Apennines. Located near the border with Basilicata, the region produces pale, cherry red wines that need 2–3 years to develop. The wines are made primarily with Gaglioppo and Greco nero with up to 20% of white grape varieties permitted in the blend.
San Vito di Luzzi- The DOC of San Vito di Luzzi is located in the hamlet of San Vito near the commune of Luzzi. The red and rosé wines from this region are produced with Gaglioppo, Malvasia nera, Greco nero and Sangiovese. The white wines are produced from Malvasia bianca, Greco bianco and up to 40% of other local white wine varieties.
Savuto- The Savuto DOC is located south of the Donnici region in mountainous terrain that stretches to the coast. The vineyards located closer to the interior are cooler than other parts of Calabria, producing wines with lower alcohol levels. The red and rosé wines from this region are produced with Gaglioppo, Greco nero, Nerello Cappuccio, Magliocco, Sangiovese and up to 25% of the white wine grapes Malvasia bianca and Pecorello.
Scavigna- The Scavigna DOC is located south of Savuto on the western coast of Calabria. The dry red and rosé wines from this region are made with at least 60% Gaglioppo and Nerello Cappuccio with a blend of other local red wine varieties. The white wines are blend of Trebbiano, Chardonnay, Greco bianco and Malvasia bianca.
Verbicaro- The DOC are of the Verbicaro region are located in the Pollino foothills, west of Pollino DOC region and extends to the Tyrrhenian coast. The dry red and rosé wines from this region are made from Gaglioppo and Greco nero with a small amount of the white wine grapes Greco bianco, Malvasia bianca and Guarnaccia bianca blended in. Those same white grapes also produce the limited amount of Verbicaro bianco.
IGTs
Throughout Calabria there are 12 distinct IGT zones and one overlapping "Calabria" designation that covers the entire region. In the province of Catanzaro is Valdamato. The province of Cosenza included Condoleo, Esaro and Valle del Crati, but these have merged into Terre Di Cosenza DOC in 2011 including also the old Donnici, Pollino, San Vito di Luzzi, and Verbicaro DOCs. In the province of Crotone is Lipuda and Val di Neto. The province of Reggio Calabria includes the most IGT zones with Arghillà, Costa Viola, Locride, Palizzi, Pellaro, and Scilla.
References
External links
Italian Made Calabria wine region
Made in Italy Calabria overview
Italian wine country Wine region Map
Wine regions of Italy
Cuisine of Calabria
The State of Shěn () was one of the various Chinese states during the Zhou dynasty and the Spring and Autumn period located in modern-day Henan. Its founder is unknown, although a possible founder is one of the sons of King Wen of Zhou.
History
The Shěn state came into being around 1050 BCE. The Chronicle of Zuo, a commentary of the Spring and Autumn period, mentions this state in its writing. But the Shěn state's history stretches beyond this period. The same chronicle mentions another ancient Shěn state, located in Northern China, which was established before the foundation of the Zhou dynasty. This ancient state may be related to the one founded in the 11th century BCE, but it is unlikely. It is more likely that the state originated as an earldom created during the Zhou dynasty in order to secure peace and order around neighbouring areas.
The course of this state's history is vastly unknown. There has been no record of Shěn participating in any major events during its history. It was only a small state, and hence may have been viewed as not worthy of regard by writers and historians of the time. However, despite its limited territory, the state managed to survive until the late Spring and Autumn period.
There have been several artefacts found which are potentially related to Shěn, including evidence of the tenth son of the King Wen of Zhou being the founder of the state. However, various archaeologists have different opinions as to whether the artefacts are genuinely products of the Shěn state and whether they truly reveal the founder of Shěn.
End
The exact date of the cessation of the state is unknown. However, it is known that the State of Cai defeated Shěn at around 500 BCE before the Battle of Boju. (Some Shěn leaders managed to escape to the State of Chu.) The state of Shěn never revived, and the name "Shěn" was not used in any other state's name thereafter.
Legacy
According to the story of Shěn Ruì (沈汭), during the Warring States period some of the descendants of Shěn royals have settled in the State of Yan, and later dispersed to Southern China to the territories of the Baiyue. Note that Shěn descendants in Southern China, namely Guangdong and Guangxi, do not carry the surname Shěn (沈), but Xiǎn/Sin (冼). This is because, according to legend, Shěn Ruì was suspected of being involved in an assassination plot against the Qin emperor. They therefore had no option but to escape to the Southern territories of China, which a friend from their youth, Zhào Tuō, had control over. Zhao Tuo later founded the Nanyue kingdom. Shěn Ruì then married a local female Baiyue chieftain. To avoid being detected and to make a new start for their new family clan, Shěn Ruì changed their surname to Xiǎn/Sin (冼), a mixture of the characters "沈", Shěn's surname, and "先", meaning first. Seeing that Shěn Ruì has the intention to stay in Nanyue, Zhao Tuo gave they and their descendants Gāo liáng jùn (高凉郡), modern-day Yangjiang, to govern over. As a result, the surname of Xiǎn/Sin is found most commonly in Southern China.
See also
Zhou dynasty
Spring and Autumn period
State of Cai
Sources
History of ancient China
Zhou dynasty
Ancient Chinese states
Karaköy, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Justice Avery may refer to:
Edward Avery (judge), associate justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio
Christopher L. Avery, associate justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court
Coleman W. Avery, associate justice of the Supreme Court of Ohio
Alphonso C. Avery, associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court
Valentine Records is a British independent record label, based in Manchester, England and founded in September 2001.
Its initial roster comprised guitar bands such as Extinguish Her, Chevron, Palo Alto and Five Years Later as well as electronic/laptop artists such as I-Node, doublejo(H)ngrey, Lynskey, Ultrafoetus and The Hi Fi Renaissance.
At present the roster comprises Mark Corrin (aka Shirokuma, formerly of Faith & Hope Records), John Callaghan (also of Warp Records/Uncharted Audio), Babyslave, I-Lucifer, Still Forever, Pandemonium, Dirty Mice, Gleick and Reigns of Monty Carlo.
International guest artists include Neil Milton (Warsaw), No-way Sweden (Melbourne), Red Martian (Seattle), Warscapes (Paris) and Daniel Maze (Vancouver).
Valentine has also promoted a variety of live events over the years, including showcases at Manchester's In The City and Futuresonic Festivals, alongside the clubnights To Amy With Love, Transmission: Manchester, Rebellious Jukebox, TAGO>MAGO and SOUND>VISION. In 2016, along with AnalogueTrash Records, the label hosted the two day FOUNDATIONS micro-festival, celebrating grassroots live music, creative collaboration, community networking and multimedia art/film and performance.
Featured live acts have included Cylob, Max Tundra, Capitol K, ¡Forward, Russia!, Damo Suzuki, Kylie Minoise and iLiKETRAiNS.
Discography
See also
List of independent UK record labels
References
External links
Official website
British independent record labels
The Book of the White Earl is an Irish religious and literary miscellany created c. 1404–1452.
The Book of the White Earl, now Bodleian Laud Misc. MS 610, consists of twelve folios inserted into Leabhar na Rátha, aka The Book of Pottlerath. It was created by Gaelic scribes under the patronage of James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond (1392–1452). Henry and Marsh-Michel describe it as follows:
"The sumptuous initials of this book are not more or less servile repetition of twelfth-century work ... the work of the scribe also is dazzling. They play like a virtuoso with various sizes of script, the larger size having a majestic decorative quality. The contents are no less remarkable; the 'Martyrology of Óengus', the 'Acallam na Senórach' and a dindsenchus. The foliage pattern is probably inspired by foreign models, but is so completely integrated that the borrowing is only realised on second thoughts. The initials are large, bold, and drawn in firm lines and bright colours"
Butler is admired for having been strongly Gaelicised. They were an Irish-speaker and seems to have been the very first of the Anglo-Irish lords to appoint a brehon, Domhnall Mac Flannachadha, for their service. Butler granted Mac Flannchadha lands in Tipperary.
Sources
Manuscripts and illuminations 1169-1603, by Francoise Henry and Genevieve Louise Marsh-Micheli, in A New History of Ireland, pp. 801–803, volume two.
Laud 610. The Laud Genealogies and Tribal Histories. UCC CELT project.
The Laud Synchronisms at UCC CELT project - primitive version of the List of High Kings of Ireland included in the MS.
15th-century books
Early Irish literature
Irish texts
Irish-language literature
Fenian Cycle
Irish literature
Irish manuscripts
Literary illuminated manuscripts
Bodleian Library collection
Butler dynasty
Daniel Joseph Brennan, Baron Brennan, KCSG, KC (born 19 March 1942), is a British life peer and barrister.
Early life and background
Brennan was educated at St. Bede's Grammar School, Bradford, and graduated with a Bachelor of Law degree from Manchester University, where subsequently they were awarded an honorary Doctorate in 2000.
Career
They were called to the bar at Gray's Inn in 1967. A member of Matrix Chambers, they specialise in personal injury and medical work, commercial law, international business issues, public and private international law, and international arbitration. They became a Queen's Counsel in 1985, and they are a Deputy High Court Judge and a Recorder in the Crown Court, a former member of the Criminal Injuries Compensation Board and ex-Chairman of the Personal Injuries Bar Association.
Lord Brennan is the Bar representative on the Council of the International Bar Association.  They are also a member of the bars of the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. In 2000, The Lawyer Magazine described them as Barrister of the Year.
Lord Brennan is Chair of the APPG on Legal and Constitutional Affairs, which is a cross-party grouping of MPs and Peers with Parliament focussed on discussing issues relating to the legal profession and the reform of the law and constitution.
They have an environmental, product liability and medical negligence practice involving multi-party actions such as the insurance claims from the Paddington rail crash, the combined oral contraceptive pill litigation and, in the past, the local residents' claims arising from the Canary Wharf development scheme, the HIV/haemophiliac claims against the UK government and the Herald of Free Enterprise disaster. Most recently they have appeared in the 'designer baby' appeal in the House of Lords.
They were created Baron Brennan, of Bibury in the County of Gloucestershire on 2 May 2000 and is president of the Catholic Union of Great Britain. In 2006 Lord Brennan was appointed Delegate for Great Britain and Ireland of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George in succession to Anthony Bailey.
On 19 November 2007 Brennan collapsed in the House of Lords shortly after concluding a speech on the Human Fertilisation and Embryology Bill. They were given heart massage in the House of Lords by, among others, Ara Darzi, Baron Darzi of Denham, the health minister. They had urged the creation of a National Bioethics Commission. Lord Brennan spent time recovering at St Thomas' Hospital, London.
On 3 December 2007 Lord Brennan again became unwell in the Chamber of the House of Lords. Having been fitted with a pacemaker at St Thomas' Hospital, they were thanking peers and staff who had been involved in the occasion when they were last taken ill, when they fell back in their seat.
Personal life
In 1968 they married a Spanish national, Pilar Sánchez Moya, with whom they have four sons.
Affiliations
Lord Brennan is the chairperson of the board of directors of the Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity.
Arms
References
1942 births
Living people
Labour Party (UK) life peers
Alumni of the University of Manchester
English Queen's Counsel
English barristers
Members of Gray's Inn
Members of Matrix Chambers
English Roman Catholics
Irish barristers
Members of the Bar of Northern Ireland
Queen's Counsel 1901–2000
People educated at St. Bede's Grammar School
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Delisle is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Delisle was platted by Catherine Fairchild in 1850 when the railroad was extended to that point. A post office was established at Delisle in 1856, and remained in operation until 1993.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Riddle Islands () is a small group of islands lying off the southwest end of Chavez Island, off the west coast of Graham Land. First charted by the British Graham Land Expedition (BGLE) under Rymill, 1934–37. The name arose locally in August 1957 because these islands were difficult to find among the icebergs frozen in the surrounding sea ice.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Sahilkılıçlı, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
ID2020 is a nongovernmental organization (501(c)(3)) which advocates for digital ID for the billion undocumented people worldwide and under-served groups like refugees. Dakota Gruener is the executive director of ID2020. The NGO was relatively unknown before being publicized because of misinformation related to the COVID-19 pandemic by conspiracy theorists.
History
In May 2016, at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, the inaugural ID2020 summit brought together over 400 people to discuss how to provide digital identity to all, a defined Sustainable Development Goal including to 1.5 billion people living without any form of recognized identification. Experts in blockchain and other cryptographic technology joined with representatives of technical standards bodies to identify how technology and other private sector expertise could achieve the goal.
The 2018 summit was held in September 2018, and focused on defining what constitutes a "good" digital ID. Sponsors for the event included the United Nations Office of Information Communications Technology (OICT), United Nations Refugee Agency, International Telecommunication Union and the Consulate General of Denmark in New York.
In 2019, ID2020 started a new digital identity program in collaboration with the government of Bangladesh and Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization.
Mission
ID2020 is a public-private consortium in service of the United Nations 2030 Sustainable Development Goal of providing legal identity for all people, including the world's most vulnerable populations.
ID2020 has published a ten-point mission statement, which includes: "We believe that individuals must have control over their own digital identities, including how personal data is collected, used, and shared."
Participants
Organizations currently or formerly participating in the ID2020 initiative include:
COVID-19 conspiracy theory
Conspiracy theorists falsely alleged that ID2020 and Bill Gates made plans for mandatory COVID-19 vaccination and the implantation of microchips into patients' bodies. As a result of these conspiracy theories, the staff at ID2020 received death threats.
References
External links
World Health Organization: Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) advice for the public: Myth busters
Coronavirus at Politifact
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
Conspiracy theories
Conspiracy theories in the United States
Fake news
Medical-related conspiracy theories
Misinformation
Pseudohistory
Pseudoscience
Disinformation operations
2016 establishments in the United States
Barium fluoride (BaF2) is an inorganic compound with the formula BaF2. It is a colorless solid that occurs in nature as the rare mineral frankdicksonite. Under standard conditions it adopts the fluorite structure and at high pressure the PbCl2 structure. Like CaF2, it is resilient to and insoluble in water.
Above ca. 500 °C, BaF2 is corroded by moisture, but in dry environments it can be used up to 800 °C. Prolonged exposure to moisture degrades transmission in the vacuum UV range. It is less resistant to water than calcium fluoride, but it is the most resistant of all the optical fluorides to high-energy radiation, though its far ultraviolet transmittance is lower than that of the other fluorides. It is quite hard, very sensitive to thermal shock and fractures quite easily.
Optical properties
Barium fluoride is transparent from the ultraviolet to the infrared, from 150 to 200 nm to 11–11.5 µm. It is used in windows for infrared spectroscopy, in particular in the field of fuel oil analysis. Its transmittance at 200 nm is relatively low (0.60), but at 500 nm it goes up to 0.96–0.97 and stays at that level until 9 µm, then it starts falling off (0.85 for 10 µm and 0.42 for 12 µm). The refractive index is about 1.46 from 700 nm to 5 µm.
Barium fluoride is also a common, very fast (one of the fastest) scintillators for the detection of X-rays, gamma rays or other high energy particles. One of its applications is the detection of 511 keV gamma photons in positron emission tomography. It responds also to alpha and beta particles, but, unlike most scintillators, it does not emit ultraviolet light. It can be also used for detection of high-energy (10–150 MeV) neutrons, using pulse shape discrimination techniques to separate them from simultaneously occurring gamma photons.
Barium fluoride is used as a preopacifying agent and in enamel and glazing frits production. Its other use is in the production of welding agents (an additive to some fluxes, a component of coatings for welding rods and in welding powders). It is also used in metallurgy, as a molten bath for refining aluminium.
Gas phase structure
In the vapor phase the BaF2 molecule is non-linear with an F-Ba-F angle of approximately 108°. Its nonlinearity violates VSEPR theory. Ab initio calculations indicate that contributions from d orbitals in the shell below the valence shell are responsible. Another proposal is that polarisation of the electron core of the barium atom creates an approximately tetrahedral distribution of charge that interacts with the Ba-F bonds.
References
Cited sources
External links
MSDS at Oxford University
Barium compounds
Fluorides
Optical materials
Phosphors and scintillators
Crystals
Alkaline earth metal halides
Fluorite crystal structure
Leonardo Marchesi (died 1513) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Albenga (1476–1513).
Biography
On 5 Oct 1476, Leonardo Marchesi was appointed during the papacy of Pope Sixtus IV as Bishop of Albenga.
They served as Bishop of Albenga until their death on 31 Jul 1513.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
15th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Sixtus IV
1513 deaths
The clown toado (Canthigaster callisterna) a pufferfish of the genus Canthigaster, is found in the southwest Pacific Ocean including Australia, the northeast coast of New Zealand, and New Caledonia. Its length is between 10 and 20 cm.
The clown toado, like other puffers, is highly poisonous.
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand, (William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1982)
Shao, K., Liu, M., Jing, L., Hardy, G., Leis, J.L. & Matsuura, K. 2014. Canthigaster callisterna. The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species 2014: e.T193709A2263843. https://dx.doi.org/10.2305/IUCN.UK.2014-3.RLTS.T193709A2263843.en. Accessed on 09 April 2022.
callisterna
Fish described in 1889
The least honeyguide (Indicator exilis) is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, South Sudan, Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, and Zambia.
References
least honeyguide
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
least honeyguide
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Mason Henry Gang were bandits operating in Central and Southern California in 1864–1865. As the Civil War was in progress, they were able to pose as Confederate Partisan Rangers, and their original mission was to rid the area of (anti-slavery) Republicans. But when it became clear that the Confederate cause was lost, they turned to outlawry, plundering and killing without mercy.
The two leaders were John Mason, an alleged murderer, and Tom McCauley, a California Gold Rush criminal using the alias Jim Henry. The gang may have numbered up to sixteen at its peak. McCauley was shot dead in September 1865 by the San Bernardino County Sheriff Benjamin Franklin Mathews's posse, and Mason killed in April 1866 by a miner, Ben Mayfield, whom they had tried to kidnap.
Mason and Henry as Partisan Rangers
In early 1864, a dedicated southern sympathizer from Maryland, secessionist Judge George Gordon Belt, a rancher and former alcalde in Stockton, used their ranch on the Merced River to organize a group of partisan rangers. They would be led by two southerners John Mason and "Jim Henry" and sent out to recruit more men and pillage the property of Union men in the countryside.
Unfortunately Judge Belt had chosen their men poorly. Both men had unsavory pasts. Mason was a southern-born former stage hostler who had reportedly killed several men. Jim Henry was a criminal whose real name was Tom McCauley. They and their brother had been robbers within the gold camps and together had murdered a man in Tuolumne County in 1856. They had been sent to prison for ten years and their brother was hanged. After their release from
prison McCauley had returned to robbery with a gang along the Fresno River. When several of the gang were captured and lynched by vigilantes, Tom McCauley then fled and reinvented themselves as Jim Henry.
In the spring of 1864 the gang rode over to Santa Clara County, a center of Copperhead sympathizers, to recruit more members. Unfortunately it was a drought year that depressed the economy, and the increasingly bad war news also discouraged most of their recruits. They returned without success to the San Joaquin Valley.
By October 1864, with the Presidential election approaching, Mason and Henry's gang turned into brigands. However, they referred to themselves as Confederate soldiers, and managed to garner support among the local Copperheads. They threatened to kill any "black republican" they came across.
Mason and Henry become outlaws
On November 10, 1864, the Mason Henry Gang committed their first crimes, three murders, soon after the second election of Abraham Lincoln. These crimes were described in the Stockton Daily Independent, for Monday, 14 November 1864:
On the evening after the election Mason and McHenry went over to Dutch Charley's, against whom they had a spite, and killed him. From their place they went to Mr. Hawthorne's, knocked at the stable, where 3 hired men were sleeping, and after cowing these men, obtained their pistols, went to the house and murdered Mr. Hawthorn [spelled 2 ways]. They then returned to the stable, telling the men what they had done, and that they intended to kill all the Republicans they could. They took Hawthorn's watch, double-barreled shot-gun, and 2 horses from the stable. From Hawthorn's they proceeded to the house of Mr. Robinson. After obtaining a drink of water they asked Mrs. Robinson where their husband was. They replied that they had not yet come home from the election, but that a wagon was coming up the road and they thought that was him. They set out for the wagon. Mason came up first. They accosted Robinson with - "I am told that you said there was not a decent woman in the South. Did you say so?" "No, I did not," replied Robinson. "You are a liar, and I am going to kill you," said Mason. Robinson then jumped for him. Mason snapped their gun, which missed fire, and then fired with the other barrel, breaking their victim's shoulder and arm. Robinson then ran, but was pursued by McHenry, who shot them twice, 1st in the hand and then in the back of the head, killing him. The murderers then told the man who was in the wagon with Robinson that they might go on to the house and tell who killed R., and moreover, what they did it for. Mason also told them that they were the man who had killed two soldiers at Fort Tejon and 1 at Camp Babbitt, and that MASON was not their real name; that they were after Republicans and intended to kill all they could. The murderers were well armed, having each a double-barreled shot-gun and 2 6-shooters. They did not appear to be influenced by motives of plunder, but solely by malice against Republicans. They have both for several months been around Gilroy and on Wednesday last, were seen near South San Juan. It is to be hoped they will not long escape their just deserts. They are of the worst species of the guerrilla, as cruel as Apaches, and as fanatical as crusaders.
The same article announced the reward for their arrest and conviction;
Reward for Mason and McHenry - Governor Low has offered a reward for the arrest and conviction of the 2 secesh murderers, Mason and McHenry, who on the night of election and next day, killed 3 men in cold blood. The circumstances connected with these murders are such as call for the speedy extermination of these 2 wretches.
Afterward the gang crossed Pacheco Pass and went to Santa Cruz County. They hid near Corralitos and frequented Watsonville, where the local secessionists sheltered them.
Soon after the murders, they held up a stage on the road from Watsonville to Visalia, killing three men and vowing to "slay every Republican they would meet." Under the pretense of being Confederate guerrillas, the gang terrorized Monterey County and the nearby counties for the next several months.
In late January 1865, Company B, 1st Battalion of Native Cavalry, California Volunteers, a unit of Californio lancers arrived from San Francisco at Camp Low in San Juan Bautista. Camp commander Major Michael O'Brien, 6th California Infantry, shortly afterward, received intelligence about the location of the Mason Henry Gang hideout. A detachment of Native cavalrymen under 1st Lieutenant John Lafferty searched for them, but they were unsuccessful.
On February 18, 1865, Captain Herman Noble sent a detachment of Company E, 2nd California Cavalry, under Sergeant Rowley, from Camp Babbitt near Visalia in a long pursuit of men believed to be the Mason Henry Gang. It took them across the deserts of Southern California, south to Sonora, Mexico. The March 15, 1865, issue of The Visalia Delta described the pursuit:
Mason and Henry - The squad of soldiers sent out from Camp Babbitt by Captain Noble under the command of Sergeant Rowley, in pursuit of the above Constitutional Democratic murders of Union men, have returned to camp. They report a very hard skirmish, traveling over 900 miles through a most desolate country; upon several occasions going out two or three days without food for themselves, or forage for their horses. They were several times on their trail, after they left Fort Tejón, and finally tracked them down into Sonora, when they were compelled to give up the chase on account of their horses giving out and their inability to get fresh ones. The fugitives were well supplied with gold, having $3,000 or more in their possession. It is believed by many that they have gone to recruit a guerrilla band, and will return to prey on Union men in the lower part of the State. They could have obtained plenty of recruits nigher home. Doubtless, Visalia would have furnished several birds of prey and a surgeon or two, to bind up their broken bones, and very likely a Chaplain to minister to their bruised souls, and a number of spies, sneaks, and informers. As to good fighting men, they would be scarcer hereabouts. The party were out twenty-five days.
In April 1865, the Mason Henry Gang attacked Firebaugh's Ferry. When word of the attack arrived at San Juan Bautista, Captain Jimeno, of the Native Cavalry, in command of Camp Low, again sent out Lieutenant Lafferty with a detachment of five men to intercept the gang hoping to head them off at Panoche Pass on the western side of the Diablo Range. They encountered Mason the next morning. Mason spurred their horse in an attempt to escape, but Lafferty fired a single bullet that both wounded Mason in the hip and wounded their horse. Although the soldiers captured the outlaw's horse, somehow Mason managed to elude them. At six that evening, Lafferty and their troopers returned to Camp Low with the horse.
Breakup of the gang, death of Henry
Although the Civil War was over, the gang was still under pressure in Central California, so they moved into Southern California and split up. In July 1865 Mason and another gang member, Hawkins, pulled guns on Kern River rancher Philo Jewett, who had fed them dinner. The rancher ran, but their cook John Johnson was stabbed and shot to death. Hawkins was later captured and hanged on the testimony of Jewett, but Mason was still at large.
Henry with their gang first moved to the area of upper Lytle Creek and San Sevaine Flats in the eastern San Gabriel Mountains, rustling and committing robbery and murder. In September of that year, they and their associates were camped out south of San Bernardino and sent John Rogers to town to obtain provisions. While there, Rogers started drinking. Once drunk, they started boasting about their outlaw connections. Locals of Union sympathies took note, and Rogers soon found themselves in the company of San Bernardino County Sheriff Benjamin Franklin Mathews and their posse, leading them to the outlaw camp. After traveling about twenty-five miles, they located Henry camped at San Jacinto Canyon. At sunrise on September 14, the posse approached cautiously when Henry was awakened. They roused themselves to fire three shots, striking one posse member in the foot. Henry died in a hail of gunfire, sustaining 57 wounds. Their corpse was taken back to town, photographed and displayed in the fashion later typical of the Wild West. Rogers was sent to prison for five years.
Death of Mason
John Mason continued their criminal career in Los Angeles County in the vicinity of Fort Tejon and in what is now Kern County with a $500 reward on their head. While Ben Mayfield was riding to Fort Tejon from their mine in Lytle Creek in April 1866, Mason joined them on the ride and later tried to recruit them into their gang. When Mayfield refused, Mason threatened to kill him, and also threatened to take the horse of another man, W. H. Overton, and kill him. That night while the three were in the same house, none went to sleep, but in the early morning Mason lay down on their bed under a blanket, but was awake. Overton stepped out to look after their horse, then Mason tried to shoot Mayfield from their bed. Mason's pistol tangled in their blanket, giving Mayfield the chance to shoot them first.
Mason's death was announced in the Stockton Daily Independent, Saturday, 21 April 1866:
Mason, the Desparado, Killed -- Visalia, April 20 -- Mason, of the distinguished firm of Mason & Henry, was killed a few days since in Tejon cannon[canyon], by some citizens. There appears to be but little doubt that this is the veritable Mason. It seems there were several of their clan together and they all got off except the chief.
Trials of Benjamin Mayfield
Mayfield for their pains was not rewarded, but was instead accused of murder by friends of Mason and tried for murder in Los Angeles County.
The Sacramento Daily Union, 23 June 1866, quoted The Wilmington Journal on the verdict:
On the evening of June 8th, the jury in the case of Benjamin Ben Mayfield, who murdered the highwayman John Mason, returned a verdict of guilty of murder in the first degree. The next day they were sentenced to be hung on August 1st. The counsel of the murderer Intend to carry the case to a higher Court if possible.
Mayfield's appeal resulted in a second trial on September 15, 1866. The jury again found the defendant guilty of murder in the first degree, and the counsel for the defense asked for a new trial, which was refused by Judge de la Guerra. The prisoner was sentenced to be hanged in August 1867. On application to the Supreme Court a stay of proceedings was granted. Eventually Ben Mayfield was exonerated.
Membership
Estimates of the number of gang members ranged from sixteen to as few as four or five. Members came and went. Some disappeared with the continual bad news for the cause in the war. Others probably left when they became disillusioned with the criminal behavior of Mason and Henry that had nothing to do with the war.
Members and others accused of being members
Jim Henry, whose real name was Tom McCauley formerly convicted and imprisoned for murder.
John Mason, a Southern-born former stage hostler who had reportedly killed several men in altercations.
Tom Hawkins, hanged in Visalia in 1866 for the murder of the Jewet Ranch cook, John Johnson.
John Rogers, caught bragging in a saloon in San Bernardino, guided the posse that shot Jim Henry to their camp in September 1865. They were found guilty of grand larceny and given a five-year sentence at San Quentin in October, 1866.
Joe Dye, short-time member, a pal of John Rogers.
Ben "Old Man" Kelsey and several of their sons.
Bill Kelsy
A man named Pierce, alias Hall.
2 Mexicans, names unknown.
A man named "Overton", accused of being a later member. W. B. Overton was tried with Ben Mayfield for the murder of John Mason near Fort Tejon.
Jack Gordon, (formerly Peter Worthington), of Tailholt.
Charles G. Rudd
John Tungate
See also
California Civil War Confederate Units
References
Irregular forces of the American Civil War
Outlaw gangs in the United States
American outlaws
California in the American Civil War
Hannes Löschel (born 1963 in Vienna) is an Austrian composer of avant-garde electronic music.
Löschel began playing the piano when they were five years old. Following their music education at the Hochschule für Musik in Vienna, they initially performed contemporary music on stage. From c. 1990 onwards, they began developing works that spanned several styles as a composer, ensemble conductor and arranger. In 1995, they founded the Austrian trio Löschel Skrepek Zrost, with Paul Skrepek and Martin Zrost, who won the Hans Koller Preis for album of the year for their first CD While You Wait in 1997. They subsequently worked on a range of styles in formations including the electro-acoustic formation antasten together with Thomas Lehn and Josef Novotny, the free improvisation trio Kinds with David Tronzo as well as together with Phil Minton in 'Songs of Innocence', the song cycle they composed in 2008. Other formations co-founded or led by Löschel were, among others, the duo Chroma with Elisabeth Flunger, Phls Trio with Peter Herbert and Paul Skrepek, the Velvet Lounge, Kratky Baschik, Kinds of Orchestra, Hannes Löschel Stadtkapelle and weana korn. They have performed concerts and tour dates at numerous festivals and on many stages in Europe, North America, South America, Australia and Japan.
In 2000, they established the label loewenhertz with 21 productions of contemporary music to date.[1] In 2010 to 2011, they were Artist in Residence at Odeon in Vienna.[2]
As a composer, Löschel created works in the context of commissions for ORF, WDR, Bregenzer Festspiele, Musiktriennale Cologne, Vienna modern, Diagonale, Wiener Volksliedwerk, Jeunesse, Jazzfestival Saalfelden, Glatt&Verkehrt, etc. Next to a number of CD productions and commissioned compositions, they realized productions for music and objects in cooperation with the artists Lisi Breuss and Silvia Beck, music for silent films, music for dance productions, stage music for puppet theatre as well as a vaudeville show in several parts (Das Unterösterreich) and a full-length opera (NEMESIS) for the sirene Operntheater in Vienna based on a text book by Kristine Tornquist.
Compositions
Messages, for small ensemble 1998
Konferenz der Armseligkeit, for piano and tape 1999
Memories of New Guinea, suite for string quartet, 1999
Collage, string quartet, 2000
Telenovela Largo, piano and tape, 2001
Sang, for chamber ensemble and piano, 2004
Spin, for chamber ensemble and piano, turntables and electronics 2006
Flug, for chamber ensemble 2010
Geflecht, for ensemble 2008
Readymade IV, for piano and tape, 2010
Nemesis, chamber opera, 2016
Discography
Songs of Innocence (Col Legno, 2010)
References
1963 births
Living people
Austrian composers
Austrian male composers
Farako is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolondieba in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. In 1998 the commune had a population of 9,769.
References
Communes of Sikasso Region
Tygerberg Zoo was a zoo near Stellenbosch, South Africa, which was the only zoo in the Western Cape province and the closest to Cape Town. Established in 1979, it was privately run, operated for 33 years, and closed in 2012. It was "once a major tourist attraction and a hot spot for school educational outings" according to Cape Times coverage of its closure. Featured animals included chimpanzees and tigers, lions, and cheetahs. The zoo had 160 bird species and 63 reptile species, and "specialised in breeding rare and endangered animals."
The zoo was notable for its breeding successes, including the 1998 birth of "the world's tiniest tortoise", a baby Namaqua speckled.
History
A predecessor zoo was founded by John Spence and Geoff McLachlan at Kraaifontein, just outside Cape Town in 1966. This zoo was soon moved, and at its peak had 61 mammal species and 160 bird species. It addressed a void created by decline and closure of the obsolete Groote Schuur Zoo, established in 1897 and known also as the Cape Town Zoo, that had been designed in a completely different era.
The Tygerberg Zoo was established on its 24-acre property in 1979 by John Spence. Lorraine Spence met John in 1985, and came to the zoo later. John was director before their death in 2010; Lorraine, then director, announced and managed its closing in 2012. The zoo had 24 workers, four of whom lived on the property, in 2012.
The zoo's closure in 2012 was, according to Lorraine Spence, due to decline of visitors during its last ten years, and expenses of animal feed and salaries, that made it no longer financially viable. The zoo's animals were to be dispersed to other zoos and to farms. Drakenstein Lion Park, also outside Cape Town, is one zoo that did receive many. It is purpose-built and opened a modern facility for chimpanzees and small animals from Tygerberg. Drakenstein also was expected to receive Tygerberg's tigers and lions, presumably including the two remaining lions from Novosibirsk.
Visitation was high on weekends before the scheduled closure. The last day Tygerberg Zoo was to be open for visitors was 4 November 2012.
Cape lions
The Tygerberg Zoo attracted international attention when John Spence found lions in captivity in Russia, and brought two of them back to the Tygerberg Zoo. They were described in news reports as possible descendants of the extinct Cape lion population.
Cape lions were a black-maned, large, and otherwise distinctive subpopulation of Southern African lions that were native to the Cape region of South Africa. They were hunted to extinction in the wild in the 1850s, and soon believed to have no survivors in captivity. John Spence was long intrigued by stories of Cape lions, including their scaling the walls of Jan van Riebeeck's fort in the 17th century.
Spence believed some Cape lions might have been taken to Europe and interbred with other lions. They spent 30 years searching zoos and circuses world-wide, for lions that looked like Cape lions, until 2000, when a friend sent photographs of lions resembling Cape lions in the Novosibirsk Zoo in Russia. A black-maned lion named Simon, descended from lions which the zoo acquired in 1961, perhaps from a travelling circus, was the best specimen. They were exactly like Cape lions in paintings (the only images available) that Spence had studied. John and Lorraine Spence visited and, with the assistance of a zoo in Vienna, were allowed to bring two of Simon's cubs back to Tygerberg Zoo.
News coverage in 2000–2001 included titles such as the National Geographic News''' "Has rare lion of Africa's cape eluded extinction?", for its July 2001 story on Cape lions, and John Spence's long search. Shortly before that, National Geographic Today'' featured a documentary special on the topic.
Filmed at Tygerberg Zoo in 2001, John Spence explained they hoped to breed lions for the Cape area that looked like Cape lions, but avoided saying the cubs were descendants. They also expressed interest in having DNA-testing done to compare the cubs' DNA to surviving Cape lion DNA, but there are no reports of that having happened.
See also
Tygerberg
Footnotes
References
External links
AP Archive site with 2-minute video and 15 photos of zoo, lion cubs, and John Spence, in 2000
SOUTH AFRICA: LION CUBS THOUGHT TO BE CAPE LIONS
Former zoos
Zoos in South Africa
1979 establishments in South Africa
2012 disestablishments in South Africa
Zoos established in 1979
Zoos disestablished in 2012
Tourist attractions in the Western Cape
Air Vice Marshal Richard John Bomball, (born 13 October 1937) is a retired Royal Australian Air Force officer, Assistant Chief of the Air Staff – Development and former Commandant of the Australian Defence Force Academy.
Early life
Born on 13 October 1937, in Richmond, Victoria, Bomball was educated at Mentone Grammar School and joined the RAAF on graduation.
Air Force career
Entered – Royal Australian Air Force (1956)
Trained at No. 1 Basic Flying Training School RAAF, Uranquinty, New South Wales and No. 1 Applied Flying Training School RAAF, Point Cook, Victoria.
Served – No. 25 Squadron, RAAF Pearce, WA (1957–1958), No. 78 Wing, RAAF Butterworth, Malaya (1958–1961), No. 2 Operational Conversion Unit (1964–1969), RAAF Staff College (1969), seconded to Department of Air (1969–1973), Joint Services Staff College (1975), Royal College of Defence Studies, London, (1987).
Commanding Officer – No. 3 Squadron, RAAF Butterworth (1973–1974)
Director of Staff – RAAF Staff College (1975–1978)
Air Attaché – Australian Embassy, Tokyo (1978–1981)
Director of Operational Requirements – Air Force – Department of Defence (1982–1983)
Officer Commanding – RAAF Williamtown, New South Wales (1984–1986)
Chief of Staff – RAAF HQ Support Command (1987–1988)
Promoted to Air Vice Marshal (1988)
Assistant Chief of the Air Staff – Development (1988–1989)
Commandant – Australian Defence Force Academy (5 March 1990–1993)
Later life
Following their retirement from the Air Force, Bomball was appointed as the first Chairman of the Board of Newcastle Airport Limited in 1993, when control of the airport was transferred from the Commonwealth to joint control by Newcastle City Council and Port Stephens Council. They served until 2004. In 1994 they were appointed to serve on the Veterans' Compensation Review Committee by the Minister for Veterans' Affairs, John Faulkner, subsequently co-authoring a report on compensation for veterans and war widows.
Honours
References
1937 births
Living people
Officers of the Order of Australia
People educated at Mentone Grammar School
Australian recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Australian Air Force air marshals
Australian military personnel of the Malayan Emergency
Recipients of the Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air
In mathematical analysis, Parseval's identity, named after Marc-Antoine Parseval, is a fundamental result on the summability of the Fourier series of a function. Geometrically, it is a generalized Pythagorean theorem for inner-product spaces (which can have an uncountable infinity of basis vectors).
Informally, the identity asserts that the sum of squares of the Fourier coefficients of a function is equal to the integral of the square of the function,
where the Fourier coefficients of are given by
More formally, the result holds as stated provided is a square-integrable function or, more generally, in Lp space A similar result is the Plancherel theorem, which asserts that the integral of the square of the Fourier transform of a function is equal to the integral of the square of the function itself. In one-dimension, for
Generalization of the Pythagorean theorem
The identity is related to the Pythagorean theorem in the more general setting of a separable Hilbert space as follows. Suppose that is a Hilbert space with inner product Let be an orthonormal basis of ; i.e., the linear span of the is dense in and they are mutually orthonormal:
Then Parseval's identity asserts that for every
This is directly analogous to the Pythagorean theorem, which asserts that the sum of the squares of the components of a vector in an orthonormal basis is equal to the squared length of the vector. One can recover the Fourier series version of Parseval's identity by letting be the Hilbert space and setting for
More generally, Parseval's identity holds in any inner product space, not just separable Hilbert spaces. Thus suppose that is an inner-product space. Let be an orthonormal basis of ; that is, an orthonormal set which is in the sense that the linear span of is dense in Then
The assumption that is total is necessary for the validity of the identity. If it is not total, then the equality in Parseval's identity must be replaced by yielding Bessel's inequality. This general form of Parseval's identity can be proved using the Riesz–Fischer theorem.
See also
References
.
.
.
.
Fourier series
Theorems in functional analysis
Wend Kuuni (also known as God's Gift) is a 1982 Burkinabé drama film directed by Gaston Kaboré. It was followed with the sequel Buud Yam (1997).
Plot
A village leader tells a crying mother to give up hope that their husband is still alive. They run away with their child.
The scene then changes and focuses on a traveler finding a body of a dehydrated young boy on the ground. The traveler tries to speak to the boy, but they are mute and doesn't remember a thing. They then picks them up and rides to the nearest village, which happens to be a Mossi village. The village leader comes and says that they are not from this village, but will raise him. The traveller thanks them and heads off.
When the village chiefs' search party are unable to find the boy's parents Tinga agrees to adopt him; they call them "Wend Kuuni", because destiny brought the boy to their home.
Wend Kuuni has a new job to herd the goats. They made friends with their stepsister Pougnere and is happy there.
There is a quarrel between one of the village elders (Bila) and their young wife. They accuse them of being impotent, and they call them a witch. Tinga calms them both down and Bila later tells Tinga that the fight has been settled.
That day, Wend Kuuni accidentally left their knife in the field where the goats were grazing. When they went back that night to retrieve it, they find Bila hanging from a tree branch. In that instant, they remember the death of their mother after they had been chased out of the village, and they also remember how to speak. They scream "mother!" before running back to the village to inform the others.
Wend Kuuni recounts their story to Pougnere. They recall their sick mother being chased out of their village, and ending up under a tree in the middle of the field. When they woke up, their mother was dead. They spoke of running for hours, falling asleep, and waking up to the traveler finding him.
Cast
Serge Yanogo as Wendkouni
Rosine Yanogo as Pognere
Joseph Nikiema as Tinga
Colette Kaboré as Lale
Simone Tapsoba as Koudbila
Yaya Wima as Bila
Martine Ouedraogo as Timpoko
Boucare Ouedraogo as Razougou
Accolades
In 1985, Wend Kuuni won the César award for best French language film and in 1986 it won the Distribution Help Award at the Fribourg International Film Festival.
Restoration
A new restoration of Wend Kuuni by the Cinémathèque royale de Belgique was screened at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City on January 25, 2018 as part of the 15th edition of the film preservation festival To Save and Project.
References
External links
Official site at California Newsreel
1983 films
1983 drama films
Films directed by Gaston Kaboré
Films set in pre-colonial sub-Saharan Africa
More-language films
Burkinabé drama films
Dianthus rupicola is a species of Dianthus native to Sicily and nearby areas of mainland Italy. It tends to grow in a few populations on steep cliffs, and consequently is viewed as at risk from climate change.
Subspecies
A number of subspecies have been described:
Dianthus rupicola subsp. aeolicus (Lojac.) Brullo & Miniss.
Dianthus rupicola subsp. bocchoriana L.Llorens & Gradaille
Dianthus rupicola subsp. hermaeensis (Coss.) O.Bolòs & Vigo
Dianthus rupicola subsp. lopadusanus Brullo & Miniss.
References
rupicola
Endemic flora of Italy
Plants described in 1806
Acathexis is a psychoanalytic term for a lack of emotional response to significant memories or actual interactions, where such a response would normally be expected.
The term also refers more broadly to a general absence of normal or expected feelings.
Acathexis has been linked to anxiety, bipolar disorder and dementia, while the phenomenon also appears in posttraumatic stress disorder.
See also
References
Further reading
P. Sifeos, 'Affect. Emotional Conflicts, and Deficits' Psychotherapy-and-Psychosomatics 56 (1991) 116-22
Psychoanalytic terminology
Freudian psychology
The 1910–11 Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball team represented Seton Hall University during the 1910–11 college men's basketball season. The head coach was Jim Flanagan, coaching their first season with the Pirates.
Schedule
|-
References
Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball seasons
Seton Hall
Seton Hall
Seton Hall
The following is a timeline of the presidency of Donald Trump during the third quarter of 2017, from July 1 to September 30, 2017. To navigate between quarters, see timeline of the Donald Trump presidency.
Overview
Economy
Real GDP growth increased at an annual rate of 3.2%, despite a particularly bad 2017 Atlantic hurricane season. This was due to an increase in consumer spending, private inventory investment, non-residential fixed investment, increased exports, decreased imports, and increased federal government spending. This gain was offset by residential fixed investment and local government spending.
Public opinion
According to FiveThirtyEight, President Trump concluded this quarter with an approval rating of 38.6%, representing a quarterly decline of 1%, and a decline of 6.9% since their inauguration.
Timeline
July 2017
August 2017
September 2017
See also
Presidential transition of Donald Trump
First 100 days of Donald Trump's presidency
List of executive actions by Donald Trump
List of presidential trips made by Donald Trump (international trips)
Notes
References
2017 Q3
2017 Q3
Presidency of Donald Trump
July 2017 events in the United States
August 2017 events in the United States
September 2017 events in the United States
Holothuria mexicana, the donkey dung sea cucumber, is commonly found in the Caribbean and the Azores. It is a commercially important aspidochirote (sediment feeding) sea cucumber that can reach a total length of .
Description
This sea cucumber is transversely wrinkled and reaches in total length. It has a top surface that is dull brown or grey with occasional warts. The bottom surface is reddish, orange or pale and is uniformly covered in tube feet. Populations are unimodal and have a 1:1 male to female sex ratio.
Distribution and habitat
This species is found throughout the Caribbean and reaches southern Brazil.
It is a shallow or demersal water species most commonly found between to depth and up to depth. It inhabits sandy bottoms with calm waters including seagrass beds, offshore reefs or mangroves.
Diet
Holothuria mexicana feeds on sediments at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, specifically consuming organic matter such as algae, tiny aquatic organisms and waste materials. Metals, such as copper, nickel, lead and zinc associated with coastal pollution, can bioaccumulate within H. mexicana tissues. Therefore, this species has been suggested as a biological indicator for these metals.
Predation
Holothuria mexicana is a food source for people, and is actively caught for consumption off the shores of Nicaragua, Panama and Venezuela.
Natural parasites on H. mexicana are bacteria, protozoans and metazoans. The metazoans that commonly feed on these sea cucumbers are turbellarians, gastropods, copepods, crabs and fishes.
Reproduction
Minimum size at sexual maturity is between to total length and gutted weight, though smaller sexually mature individuals have been found.
Holothuria mexicana spawns throughout the year but has peak spawning periods that varies with geography, which may linked to temperature. Spawning occurs from May to July in Panama, August to September in Florida, and September to October in Curaçao.
During spawning, females forcefully expel all their eggs into the water in a single burst from their gonopore (the opening where gametes are released). Both males and females sometimes wave their tentacles around during spawning which may aid in fertilization by mixing the sperm and eggs. After fertilization, eggs develop into non-feeding auricular larvae develop in ~64 hours.
Fishery
Sea cucumbers are fished by snorkelling or surface-supplied diving for human consumption. Although some species are fished for local consumption, most species are exported to China where it is considered an important health food. The ease to catch sea cucumbers, high commercial value and slow recruitment rates have led to global declines in sea cucumber populations and fisheries on less commercially valuable species.
There are fisheries for H. mexicana in Panama, Nicaragua and Venezuela. In Panama, the species has a low economic value due to its tough and rigid texture but is fished because of decline of other commercial sea cucumbers. In 1997, 25 fishers took part in a 30-day fishing period where over 750 000 sea cucumbers of three species (H. mexicana, Isostichopus badionotus, Astichopus multifidus) were caught. Sea cucumber fishing is now banned in Panama but illegal fishing has been reported. Holothuria mexicana have small population sizes and were in high risk of collapse in the area if the same level of fishing had continued.
In Venezuela, the sea cucumber fishery began in 1991-1992 but was shut down by 1995 due to poor fisheries regulation. Illegal fishing continued, however, as 500 kg of H. mexicana worth US$150,000 was confiscated in the Archipelago Los Roques National Park in 1996. In 2005, China had reported that 0.5 tonnes of sea cucumber were imported from Venezuela.
References
Holothuriidae
Edible shellfish
Animals described in 1875
Campbell Park is a district and central park in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.
Campbell Park may also refer to:
Campbell Park Cricket Ground in the above park
Campbell Park (civil parish) is a civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes (despite its name, it does not contain the park district)
Campbell Park, Canberra, which together with Russell Offices, is the Headquarters of the Australian Defence Force
Campbell Falls State Park Reserve, in the United States is sometimes abbreviated to "Campbell Park"
The 28th Division was one of the divisions of the Spanish Republican Army that were organized during the Spanish Civil War on the basis of the Mixed Brigades. It was deployed on the Aragon and Segre fronts.
History
The unit was created in April 1937 from the old Ascaso Column, commanded by the anarchist Gregorio Jover. The new 28th Division, in addition to the forces coming from the «Ascaso» column, had also absorbed the remains of other militia forces and became composed of 125th, 126th and 127th mixed brigades; continued under Jover's command.
The 28th Division remained on the Aragon front for much of the war. In June 1937 it took part in the unsuccessful Huesca Offensive, and at the end of August one of its units - the 127th MB - took part in the Zaragoza Offensive. In February 1938 it took part in the Battle of Alfambra. During the subsequent offensive on the Aragon front, the unit undertook several withdrawals in the face of enemy pressure. It took part in the Levante Offensive integrated in the 13th Army Corps, being later transferred to the Estremadura front, where it participated in the Battle of Merida pocket. After Gregorio Jover was promoted to command of the 10th Army Corps, on August 11 Juan Mayordomo Moreno took command of the division. In January 1939, the unit participated in the Battle of Valsequillo, integrated into the Toral Group.
Commanders
Commanders
Gregorio Jover;
Juan Mayordomo Moreno
Commissars
Adolfo Arnal García;
Pedro Fernández Alonso
Chief of Staff
Ramón Rodríguez Bosmediano
Battles
See also
Spanish Republican Army
List of Spanish Republican divisions
References
Bibliography
Military units and formations established in 1937
Military units and formations disestablished in 1939
Divisions of Spain
Spanish Civil War
Military history of Spain
Armed Forces of the Second Spanish Republic
Militarized anarchist formations
Constantinos Gus Kasapis (born March 18, 1942) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions, Edmonton Eskimos and Calgary Stampeders. They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964. They played college football at the University of Iowa.
References
https://www.newspapers.com/clip/13529373/quad-city-times/
https://www.newspapers.com/clip/13529332/the-indianapolis-news/
https://www.newspapers.com/clip/13529511/the-des-moines-register/
https://www.newspapers.com/clip/13529402/quad-city-times/
1942 births
Living people
American players of Canadian football
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
BC Lions players
Calgary Stampeders players
Edmonton Elks players
Players of American football from Detroit
Palo Duro Records is an independent record label established in 2001 to focus primarily on Texas-based singer-songwriters and bands. The label specializes in musical styles from the Americana, country music, alternative country and Texas music genres.
Artists featured on the roster include The Derailers, Jon Christopher Davis, Trent Summar & The New Row Mob, Ed Burleson, Brian Burns, Eleven Hundred Springs, Morrison-Williams, Two Tons of Steel, Walt Wilkins, Tommy Alverson and Dale Watson. The label has also launched a music series, Texas Unplugged, which features original acoustic recordings by a variety of artists.
External links
Official site
Record labels established in 2001
American independent record labels
American country music record labels
Pat Murray (born October 31, 1984) is a former American football guard. They were signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2007. They played college football at Truman State.
Murray has also been a member of the Seattle Seahawks, Denver Broncos, and Cleveland Browns.
College career
At Truman State, Murray earned Honorable Mention All-MIAA in 2004, 2005 Second-team All-MIAA, 2006 First-team All-MIAA. They then went on to play in the (Division I-AA, II, III, and NAIA) 2006 East Coast Bowl in Petersburg Virginia.
Because of their performance at the East Coast Bowl they were asked to participate in the inaugural (Division I) 2007 Texas vs. The Nation game in El Paso, Texas.
Professional career
Green Bay Packers
After going undrafted in the 2007 NFL Draft, Murray signed with the Green Bay Packers on May 4, 2007. They were waived before the start of the 2007 regular season.
Seattle Seahawks
Murray was signed to the Seattle Seahawks practice squad during the 2008 season.
Denver Broncos
Murray was signed off the Seahawks practice squad by the Denver Broncos on December 9, 2008. They were waived on August 17, 2009.
Cleveland Browns
Murray was signed by the Cleveland Browns on August 20, 2009. Murray was signed to a reserved/future contract January 5, 2010. They were released on September 4, 2011.
References
External links
Cleveland Browns bio
Denver Broncos bio
Seattle Seahawks bio
1984 births
Living people
Players of American football from Iowa
American football offensive guards
Truman Bulldogs football players
Green Bay Packers players
Seattle Seahawks players
Denver Broncos players
Cleveland Browns players
Sportspeople from Fort Dodge, Iowa
John I (died 615) was Exarch of Ravenna (611–615).
John was made Exarch of Ravenna in 611, to replace Smaragdus. They seem to have avoided war with the Lombards throughout their 4 year reign from 611 to 615. In 615 they were killed along with a number of other officials. The Liber Pontificalis mentions that one of the first acts of their successor, Eleutherius, was to kill the persons accused of playing a role in the Exarch John's death.
References
615 deaths
7th-century exarchs of Ravenna
Year of birth unknown
Sally Ann Lilienthal (March 19, 1919 – October 24, 2006), née Lowengart, was an American nuclear disarmament activist who founded the Ploughshares Fund in 1981 during the Cold War in the belief that the threat of nuclear war overshadowed everything else. The Ploughshares Fund continues to provide grants to individuals and organizations advocating against nuclear weapons. Lilienthal also served as national vice chairperson of Amnesty International in 1977. Lilienthal was also an artist and art advocate who served on the board of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art for most of the 1970s.
Early life and education
Sally Ann Lowengart was born in Portland, Oregon on March 19, 1919, to Jewish parents. They moved with their family to San Francisco at age twelve. Them father was a merchant. Lilienthal was enrolled at the private Katherine Delmar Burke School in San Francisco, but was soon expelled for passing a note containing a vulgar word in class. Lilienthal graduated from Sarah Lawrence College in New York, where they majored in writing, in 1940, and returned to San Francisco the same year. By this time, Lilienthal had developed idealistic political views.
Career
During World War II, Lilienthal moved Washington, D.C., where they wrote radio dramas for the Office of War Information. They became engaged to Arthur J. (Tom) Cohen Jr., a Navy lieutenant stationed in the Pacific. They married in 1945, after the war, and returned to San Francisco. In San Francisco, Lilienthal volunteered for a local anti-discrimination league, and in the early 1950s studied sculpture at the California School of Fine Arts (now the San Francisco Art Institute). Lilienthal made, exhibited, and sold works in clay, plastic, and resin, and remained an active sculptor until 1971.
Lilienthal began to collect art. In the early 1960s, they were appointed to the San Francisco Arts Commission. Lilienthal also started an art auction series as a benefit for the San Francisco Art Institute and various political causes, including Eugene McCarthy's 1968 campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. During the 1970s, Lilienthal was a member of the board of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; in 1978, they co-founded the museum's Rental Gallery (now the SFMOMA Artists Gallery).
Lilienthal's husband Cohen died in the 1950s, and Lilienthal subsequently married lawyer George Hellyer; they divorced in 1963. In 1970, they married Philip Lilienthal, associate director of the University of California Press. The couple founded the northern California chapter of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund. In 1971, Lilienthal and Ginetta Sagan founded the Western Region of Amnesty International. Lilienthal also served as the national vice chairperson of Amnesty International in 1977, the year Amnesty won the Nobel Peace Prize. Lilienthal also served on the American Civil Liberties Union of Northern California.
Lilienthal founded the Ploughshares Fund in their living room in 1981, at the height of the Cold War, to advocate against nuclear weapons. In an interview with the San Francisco Chronicle on the Fund's fifteenth anniversary, Lilienthal said, "The possibility of a nuclear war was the very worst problem in the world. I thought that if a lot of people felt the same way I did but didn't know what to do about it, we might get together and search for new ways to get rid of the nuclear weapons that were threatening us all." Lilienthal said that the organization "started with nothing. I mean really nothing," but in its first year was "able to give away about $100,000 to individuals and small organizations to study the problems of nuclear weaponry and to get ordinary citizens informed about the issues and the danger."
By the time of Lilienthal's death in 2006, the Ploughshares Fund had given nearly $50 million to the cause of nuclear disarmament, mostly toward startup research, and had become (according to the Washington Post) "the largest grant-making foundation in the United States focusing exclusively on peace and security issues." The Fund was an early funder and major supporter of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines. The Ploughshares Fund also made a $3,000 grant "to send scientists from the Natural Resources Defense Council to Moscow for what resulted in a breakthrough agreement allowing the installation of seismic monitoring equipment, which proved that a nuclear testing ban could be verified" and a $5,000 grant to Massachusetts Institute of Technology physicist Theodore Postol for them "to finish a technical paper that exposed the Pentagon's exaggerated claims of the effectiveness of Patriot missiles during the Persian Gulf War."
Lilienthal died on October 24, 2006, at the California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco, at the age of 87, from a bone infection that led to pneumonia. In an interview with theWashington Post upon their death, George Perkovich, vice president for studies at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said: "Sally was an absolutely vital figure in supporting researchers, policy activists and scientists in the U.S. and overseas who were trying to change government policies while [governments] were inflating the powers of nuclear weapons. "The thing about Sally that was so great is they went out and hustled and raised that money, then gave it away, which is heroic. ... Sally had a lot of guts and wasn't afraid of anything."
Lilienthal was survived by five children from their first marriage, two stepdaughters, and 11 grandchildren. Them husband Philip Lilienthal died of cancer in 1984.
Honors
Lilienthal received an honorary doctorate from the San Francisco Art Institute. They also received the Council on Foundations's Robert Scrivner Award for Creative Philanthropy in 1987, and the United Nations Association's Eleanor Roosevelt Humanitarian Award in 1990.
References
1919 births
2006 deaths
American anti–nuclear weapons activists
20th-century American Jews
People from San Francisco
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
Activists from California
People of the United States Office of War Information
American women civilians in World War II
21st-century American Jews
John Tanner (August 15, 1778 – April 13, 1850) was a leading figure in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and a chief financial backer of the Kirtland Temple.
Tanner was a native of Rhode Island. They moved to New York when fairly young. Of their 21 children from three successive wives (his first two wives died before they married their next wife), 14 lived to adulthood. Tanner was a Baptist until they joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 1832. They were baptized by Jared Carter. Ten of their 14 children who lived to adulthood affiliated with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and eventually moved to Utah Territory.
In late 1834, Tanner sold their property in and around Lake George, New York which included a hotel. They then moved to Kirtland, Ohio where in early 1835 they lent money and assumed loans to keep the building of the Kirtland Temple moving forward. When Joseph Smith tried to repay them they refused any payment saying they owed them nothing.
Tanner moved with the main body of the Church to Missouri, where they were on one occasion attacked as a result of mob and government persecution that led to the Saints fleeing the state. They then moved to Montrose, Iowa where they lived for six years. They then moved for a time to Nauvoo, Illinois.
Tanner eventually went west with the pioneers. They led the large family of their son-in-law Amasa Lyman west, since Lyman was in the advanced pioneer company. Two of Tanner's sons were in the Mormon Battalion. They settled in Cottonwood, Utah Territory where they died in 1850.
Legacy and descendants
T. C. Christensen produced a short film based on Tanner's life, Treasure in Heaven: The John Tanner Story.
Children
Sidney Tanner was involved in the Battle of Crooked River. They then lived in Montrose. Their wife and the three youngest of their five children all died at the time that they joined the body of the Mormons in heading west. They later served on the city council and the Mormon high council in San Bernardino, California. In 1857 they moved to Utah, eventually settling in Beaver. They were a polygamist and had 22 children.
John Joshua Tanner and Nathan Tanner were part of Zion's Camp.
Louisa Maria Tanner married Amasa M. Lyman.
Albert Tanner and Myron Tanner were in the Mormon Battalion.
Other descendants
Among Tanner's grandchildren were Joseph M. Tanner and Francis M. Lyman (the son of their daughter Louisa Maria). Their granddaughter Emily S. Tanner Richards was one of the main founders of the Utah Woman's Suffrage Association.
Other prominent later descendants of John Tanner were Hugh B. Brown and N. Eldon Tanner, members of the First Presidency of the LDS Church, Ronald M. Tanner product manager in charge of the creation of FamilySearch FamilyTree, and several companion features & products, and John S. Tanner, a poet, literary scholar and academic vice president at Brigham Young University. Radio talk show personality Martin Tanner, host of the Religion Today show on KSL Radio, a frequent defender of Mormonism, is a great-great-great-grandson of John Tanner. Jerald Tanner, a prominent critic of Mormonism, was John Tanner's great-great-grandson.
References
Arrington, Leonard J., "The John Tanner Family", Ensign Mar 1979.
1778 births
American Latter Day Saints
Mormon pioneers
Converts to Mormonism from Baptist denominations
1850 deaths
Tanner family
People from Beaver, Utah
The Railway to Beersheba (, Mesilat HaRakevet LiV'er Sheva) is a railroad line that runs from central Israel to the Zin Factories (Mount Zin) in southern Israel, with a spur to the Be'er Sheva Center Railway Station and branch lines to Ramat Hovav, the Arad phosphate mines and factories in Tzefa, and a connection to the Ashkelon–Beersheba railway. It is part of the main line of Israel Railways, of which the northern starting point of the line designated as the "line to Beersheba" is usually indicated as beginning at Na'an junction, where the railway splits to Beersheba and Jerusalem. Because the line is not limited to Beersheba, it is known in Israel as Mesilat HaDarom (Southern Railway).
Since the opening of the Dimona Railway Station in 2005, it has been used for passenger service from Nahariya to Be'er Sheva Center and from Be'er Sheva North to Dimona. The other two branches are used exclusively for freight services.
History
The railway traces its origins to the Ottoman rule in Palestine and the Sinai and Palestine military campaign of World War I. The main Turkish objective in the Middle East during World War I was to either capture or disable the Suez Canal, which would have put the British Empire at a great disadvantage. However, transporting troops and supplies from Constantinople to the front lines took months by camel caravan.
After their assault on the British garrison along the canal in January–February, 1915, Jamal Pasha enlisted the help of the German engineer Heinrich August Meissner, who also planned the Hejaz Railway, to help them find a more efficient method of logistics. Meissner started constructing a railway to the south of the Palestine region, with the Wadi Surar (Nahal Sorek) station serving as the starting point. Two railways were originally built: one to Beit Hanoun, and the other to Beersheba. The two lines were collectively called the 'Egyptian Branch'.
Because construction costs were high and materials hard to come by, the Jaffa–Lydda (Lod) section of the Jaffa–Jerusalem railway, as well as the extension to Acre of the Jezreel Valley railway were dismantled and their infrastructure reused on the Beersheba section. The Lydda–Wadi Surar section, previously of narrow gauge, was converted to the Hejaz railway width of narrow gauge standard, in order to be of use with the lines to the south. In the north, the Hejaz railway was connected to Lydda (now Lod) via Jenin, Tulkarm and the Eastern railway, and offered continuous service from Damascus to Beersheba.
The line to Beersheba opened for traffic in the middle of October 1915, just 9 months from the start of construction. The rest of the planned Egyptian branch was never completed, although Meissner managed to continue the line from Beersheba further south to Kusseima in the Sinai Peninsula, a section of which can be seen (complete with an old boxcar) adjacent to the Ramat HaNegev Regional Council buildings on Highway 40 near Mashabei Sadeh. By 3 May 1918, the British had connected Beersheba to the coastal line with a 59½-km-long line which branched off near Rafah. When they captured the old northbound line from Beersheba via Wadi Surar from the Turks, they first converted it to standard gauge by July 1918, then dismantled it entirely in October 1918. Thus the branch line from Rafah became the only rail connection to Beersheba, with a very infrequent service from Qantara; it, too, was discontinued in July 1927, citing low usage and high maintenance costs.
After the 1948 Arab-Israeli War the railway was rebuilt, in a straightened route and in standard gauge, by Israel Railways, and was originally meant for freight-only service. The second railway to Beersheba splits off the Jaffa–Jerusalem railway about 6 km north of the former Wadi Surar junction, then continues roughly along the old route to Kiryat Gat, then continues on a new route directly south, and approaches Beersheba from the north, whereas the old Turkish route made a lengthy detour to the southwest, and approached Beersheba from the northwest. The new line was completed in 1956, and passenger service started on September 29th. Construction on the extensions to Dimona, Zin and Tzefa began shortly after. In 1967 the line reached Dimona, Oron in 1970 and Mount Zin in 1977. With the eventual decline of Israel Railways's passenger business, the passenger service to Beersheba was halted in 1979. Freight service on the railway continued however, and in the early 1980s the Heletz railway was built to provide another link between the Railway to Beersheba and the Lod-Ashkelon railway, serving as a shortcut for trains from southern Israel bound for the Port of Ashdod.
In the early-to-mid-1990s the line underwent another renovation which facilitated the renewal of passenger service, first to Be'er Sheva North in 1997, then extended to the city's center with the opening of Be'er Sheva Center in 2000. Nevertheless, the ride from Beersheba to Tel Aviv remained lengthy and train frequency constrained as the long stretch of railway from Lod to Beersheba still consisted of only a single track with sharp curves and other geometric deficiencies as well as many at-grade railroad crossings.
To alleviate the asupervisorstioned issues, from Q3 2004 to Q2 2012, the entire line from north of Na'an junction to Be'er Sheva Center was double tracked and rebuilt on an improved route with gentler curves in many places, all level crossings replaced by grade separations, and increased station capacity. This effort faced many bureaucratic challenges and the need for extensive right of way purchases, thus raising landowners' objections, and was further complicated by the requirement for the existing line to stay in use during the works. The length of this project, which began at the Lod Railway Station, was 87 km and cost NIS 2.8 billion. The rebuilt line has reduced train delays, enabled many more trains to operate along the route and shortened the travel time from Tel Aviv to Beersheba from over 80 minutes before the works began to about 55 minutes after the project was completed (with the possibility of further reductions in travel time following the line's planned electrification and when faster rolling stock will be added to Israel Railways' fleet in the future). Consequently, in the years since the line's reconstruction there has been a significant increase in the number of train passengers to and from Beersheba.
In September 2015 a connection between the Railway to Beersheba and the Ashkelon–Beersheba railway was opened using a flying junction at Goral Junction north of Beersheba. The section of railway between Goral and Be'er Sheva North Railway Station is designed to be triple-tracked in the future.
Passenger service
There are currently three Israel Railways passenger lines using the railway to Beersheba. The Nahariya–Beersheba and Karmiel–Beersheba services are deployed on the same route, via Lod. The line, south of Na'an junction, has the following stations:
Mazkeret Batya
Kiryat Mal'akhi – Yoav, near Kfar Menahem and Route 383, mainly to serve the nearby city Kiryat Mal'akhi and the bus terminal at Mal'akhi Junction
Kiryat Gat
Lehavim–Rahat
Be'er Sheva North
Be'er Sheva Center
The second service is a low-capacity two-station line from Be'er Sheva North to Dimona.
In addition, trains using the Ashkelon–Beersheba railway use a section of the railway to Beersheba south of Goral Junction on their way to and from Beersheba.
Current status and future plans
Currently in the design phase are plans to electrify the line using 25kV 50Hz AC overhead line, with electrification works expected to start by 2023.
In 2012, preliminary design began on extending the line southwards through the Arava, in order to provide both passenger and freight service to the Red Sea port city of Eilat, although no funds have been appropriated for construction (which is estimated to cost the equivalent of several billion US dollars), and with the plan also facing strong opposition from environmental groups.
In 2004, a southern branch to the Ramat Hovav and Ramat Beka industrial zones was opened, and further extension of this line to reach the Israel Defense Forces′ main Training Bases complex near HaNegev Junction is planned. Also planned is a new line branching out to Arad, passing nearby the Nevatim Airbase and Kuseife.
References
External links
Israel Railways' line to Beersheba upgrade and reconstruction project page (in Hebrew).
Railway lines opened in 1915
Standard gauge railways in Israel
Metre gauge railways in Israel
1050 mm gauge railways in Israel
ja:テルアビブ＝ベエルシェバ線
Pisore Khand is a Town Panchayat (T.P.) in the Shrigonda taluka block of the Ahmednagar district in the Indian State of Maharashtra. The original name of the village was Pisore, but this name was changed to Pisore Khand to distinguish it from another village in the same block. A historical palace remains, built by Ahilyabai Holker of the Holker Family of King Pan Pohi.
Geography
Its area was 1348 hectares. Pisore Khand is surrounded by hills to the east and north and open land to its west and south. Surrounding villages include Bhangaon to the west, Takali to the east; Khandgaon to the north and Devulgaon to the south.
The village contains seven ponds built by the government as part of the Rural Employment Plan enacted during the 1972 drought.
Temples
Pisore Khand includes two ancient temples: the Kongjai temple on Kongjai Hill, situated to the north of the village; and Nawlai on the Hill of Nawlai, east of the village.
Demographics
At the time of the 2001 census, 426 families lived in the village, comprising a total population of 2207 (1124 males and 1083 females). The population of children aged zero to six was 292 (135 male and 155 female). Children aged zero to six make up 13.23% of the total population of the village.
References
External links
Villages in Ahmednagar district
The WWA World Light Heavyweight Championship (Campeonato Mundial Semi Completo de WWA in Spanish) is a singles professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling based promotion World Wrestling Association (WWA) since 1989. In the 1990s, the title was taken to Japan when reigning champion Gran Hamada returned to their home country. In Japan, the title became one of 8 championships that made up the New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) J-Crown Championship. When the J-Crown was broken up into individual titles the WWA World Light Heavyweight Championship returned to Mexico. The official definition of the Light Heavyweight weight class in Mexico is between and , but is not always strictly enforced.
As it was a professional wrestling championship, the championship was not won not by actual competition, but by a scripted ending to a match determined by the bookers and matchmakers. On occasion the promotion declares a championship vacant, which means there is no champion at that point in time. This can either be due to a storyline, or real life issues such as a champion suffering an injury being unable to defend the championship, or leaving the company.
In 2005 Filoso, a wrestler from Pro Wrestling ZERO1, was billed as the WWA World Junior Light Heavyweight Champion, using the same title belt that had been used as part of the J-Crown and it had not been returned to the WWA. Even though Filoso never actually won the belt, they did defend the title, losing it in their first defense. The title is used by Zero1 but only shares the name of the World Junior Light Heavyweight Championship, not its lineage.
Title history
Official WWA championship
Pro Wrestling ZERO1 Version (Disputed Branch)
Footnotes
References
External links
WWA World Junior Light Heavyweight Title
WWA World Junior Light Heavyweight Title
Junior light heavyweight wrestling championships
Pro Wrestling Zero1 championships
Sports in Tijuana
World Wrestling Association (Mexico) Championships
World professional wrestling championships
Petrilovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 78 as of 2002.
Geography
Petrilovo is located 58 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zhilino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Basudevi is a village development committee in Doti District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2516 living in 486 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Doti District
Populated places in Doti District
Chloral hydrate/magnesium sulfate/pentobarbital sodium, brand name Equithesin, is a combination anesthetic agent used as a general anesthetic in horses. It is administered intravenously to effect. For many years, it was the most commonly used injectable anesthetic in horses. Newer anesthetic agents such as injectable barbiturates, alpha-2 agonists, cyclohexylamines, and inhalants gradually replaced Equithesin. The drug has been off the market and unavailable for decades.
This combination anesthetic agent contains 42.5 mg chloral hydrate, 21.2 mg magnesium sulfate and 8.86 mg pentobarbital per milliliter.
References
General anesthetics
GABAA receptor positive allosteric modulators
Veterinary drugs
Combination drugs
E.J. Noble Hospital is one of a series of names used by three medical facilities in New York (state) that have since become part of St. Lawrence Health System. These facilities, and a foundation, are named after Edward John Noble.
History
E.J. Noble Hospital opened its doors in 1952" in Canton. When this location closed as a hospital, its name was EJ Noble of Canton.
A second Noble Hospital location was in Alexandria Bay, and its names had included Edward John Noble Samaritan.
A third was the Noble hospital in Gouverneur, New York.
A New York State database lists these hospitals as closed, yet as of 2020, the above are still operating under the St. Laurence/EJ Noble/Gouverneur names as medical facilities/doctor offices. Kinney Nursing Home is part of the EJ Noble facilities.
The American Hospital Directory shows only the following certified hospitals: Gouverneur Hospital in Gouverneur, River Hospital in Alexandria Bay, and Canton-Potsdam Hospital in Potsdam.
E.J. Noble Samaritan
During the 2010s, when Noble had some financial difficulties, Samaritan Medical Center was supervising some of their units, and the name E.J. Noble Samaritan was temporarily used for Noble.
References
Defunct hospitals in New York (state)
RTLinux is a hard realtime real-time operating system (RTOS) microkernel that runs the entire Linux operating system as a fully preemptive process. The hard real-time property makes it possible to control robots, data acquisition systems, manufacturing plants, and other time-sensitive instruments and machines from RTLinux applications. The design was patented. Despite the similar name, it is not related to the Real-Time Linux project of the Linux Foundation.
RTLinux was developed by Victor Yodaiken, Michael Barabanov, Cort Dougan and others at the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology and then as a commercial product at FSMLabs. Wind River Systems acquired FSMLabs embedded technology in February 2007 and made a version available as Wind River Real-Time Core for Wind River Linux. As of August 2011, Wind River has discontinued the Wind River Real-Time Core product line, effectively ending commercial support for the RTLinux product.
Background
The key RTLinux design objective was to add hard real-time capabilities to a commodity operating system to facilitate the development of complex control programs with both capabilities. For example, one might want to develop a real-time motor controller that used a commodity database and exported a web operator interface. Instead of attempting to build a single operating system that could support real-time and non-real-time capabilities, RTLinux was designed to share a computing device between a real-time and non-real-time operating system so that (1) the real-time operating system could never be blocked from execution by the non-real-time operating system and (2) components running in the two different environments could easily share data. As the name implies RTLinux was originally designed to use Linux as the non-real-time system but it eventually evolved so that the RTCore real-time kernel could run with either Linux or Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD) Unix.
Multi-Environment Real-Time (MERT) was the first example of a real-time operating system coexisting with a Unix system. MERT relied on traditional virtualization techniques: the real-time kernel was the host operating system (or hypervisor) and Bell Systems Unix was the guest. RTLinux was an attempt to update the MERT concept to the PC era and commodity hardware. It was also an attempt to also overcome the performance limits of MERT, particularly the overhead introduced by virtualization.
Instead of encapsulating the guest OS in a virtual machine, RTLinux virtualized only the guest interrupt control. This method allowed the real-time kernel to convert the guest operating system into a system that was completely preemptible but that could still directly control, for example, storage devices. In particular, standard drivers for the guest worked without source modification although they needed to be recompiled to use the virtualization "hooks". See also paravirtualization. The Unix pipe was adapted to permit real-time and non-real-time programs to communicate, although other methods such as shared memory were also added.
From the programmer's point of view, RTLinux originally looked like a small threaded environment for real-time tasks plus the standard Linux environment for everything else. The real-time operating system was implemented as a loadable kernel module which began by virtualizing guest interrupt control and then started a real-time scheduler. Tasks were assigned static priorities and scheduling was originally purely priority driven. The guest operating system was incorporated as the lowest priority task and essentially acted as the idle task for the real-time system. Real-time tasks ran in kernel mode. Later development of RTLinux adopted the Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX) POSIX threads application programming interface (API) and then permitted creation of threads in user mode with real-time threads running inside guest processes. In multiprocessor environments threads were locked to processor cores and it was possible to prevent the guest thread from running on designated core (effectively reserving cores for only real-time processing).
Implementation
RTLinux provides the ability to run special real-time tasks and interrupt handlers on the same machine as standard Linux. These tasks and handlers execute when they need to execute no matter what Linux is doing. The worst case time between the moment a hardware interrupt is detected by the processor and the moment an interrupt handler starts to execute is under 15 microseconds on RTLinux running on a generic x86 (circa 2000). A RTLinux periodic task runs within 35 microseconds of its scheduled time on the same hardware. These times are hardware limited, and as hardware improves RTLinux will also improve. Standard Linux has excellent average performance and can even provide millisecond level scheduling precision for tasks using the POSIX soft real-time capabilities. Standard Linux is not, however, designed to provide sub-millisecond precision and reliable timing guarantees. RTLinux was based on a lightweight virtual machine where the Linux "guest" was given a virtualized interrupt controller and timer, and all other hardware access was direct. From the point of view of the real-time "host", the Linux kernel is a thread. Interrupts needed for deterministic processing are processed by the real-time core, while other interrupts are forwarded to Linux, which runs at a lower priority than real-time threads. Linux drivers handled almost all I/O. First-In-First-Out pipes (FIFO) or shared memory can be used to share data between the operating system and RTLinux.
Objective
The key RTLinux design objective is that the system should be transparent, modular, and extensible . Transparency means that there are no unopenable black boxes and the cost of any operation should be determinable. Modularity means that it is possible to omit functionality and the expense of that functionality if it is not needed. And extensibility means that programmers should be able to add modules and tailor the system to their requirements. The base RTLinux system supports high speed interrupt handling and no more. It has simple priority scheduler that can be easily replaced by schedulers more suited to the needs of some specific application. When developing RTLinux, it was designed to maximize the advantage we get from having Linux and its powerful capabilities available.
Core components
RTLinux is structured as a small core component and a set of optional components. The core component permits installation of very low latency interrupt handlers that cannot be delayed or preempted by Linux itself and some low level synchronization and interrupt control routines. This core component has been extended to support SMP and at the same time it has been simplified by removing some functionality that can be provided outside the core.
Functions
Most RTLinux functions are in a set of loadable kernel modules that provide optional services and levels of abstraction. These modules include:
rtl sched - a priority scheduler that supports both a "lite POSIX" interface described below and the original V1 RTLinux API.
rtl time - which controls the processor clocks and exports an abstract interface for connecting handlers to clocks.
rtl posixio - supports POSIX style read/write/open interface to device drivers.
rtl fifo - connects RT tasks and interrupt handlers to Linux processes through a device layer so that Linux processes can read/write to RT components.
semaphore - a contributed package by Jerry Epplin which gives RT tasks blocking semaphores.
POSIX mutex support is planned to be available in the next minor version update of RTLinux.
mbuff is a contributed package written by Tomasz Motylewski for providing shared memory between RT components and Linux processes.
Realtime tasks
RTLinux realtime tasks get implemented as kernel modules similar to the type of module that Linux uses for drivers, file systems, and so on. Realtime tasks have direct access to the hardware and do not use virtual memory. On initialization, a realtime task (module) informs the RTLinux kernel of its deadline, period, and release-time constraints.
Threads
RT-Linux implements a POSIX API for a thread's manipulation. A thread is created by calling the pthread_create function. The third parameter of pthread_create is a function which contains the code executed by the thread.
It is necessary to set thread priorities in RTLinux. Threads with higher priorities can preempt threads with lower priorities. For example, we can have a thread controlling a stepper motor. In order to move the motor fluently, it is necessary to start this thread in strictly regular intervals. This can be guaranteed by assigning a high priority to this thread. The example threads2.c sets different thread priorities. Setting of thread priority is done by code shown below:
int init_module(void)
{
pthread_attr_t attr;
struct sched_param param;
pthread_attr_init(&attr);
param.sched_priority = 1;
pthread_attr_setschedparam(&attr, &param);
pthread_create(&t1, &attr, &thread_code, "this is thread 1");
rtl_printf("Thread 1 started\n");
...
}
The output the program is as follows.
Thread 1 started
Thread 2 started
Thread 3 started
Message: this is thread 1
Message: this is thread 2
Message: this is thread 2
Message: this is thread 2
Message: this is thread 1
Message: this is thread 1
Message: this is thread 3
Message: this is thread 3
Message: this is thread 3
The thread 2 has the highest priority and the thread 3 has the lowest priority. The first message is printed by the middle priority thread 1 because it is started a short time before the thread 2.
See also
RTAI. RTAI began as a variant of RTLinux called "MyRTlinux" and in later releases was claimed by its authors not to use the patented RTLinux virtualization technique.
RMX (operating system)
SCHED_DEADLINE
Xenomai
Preemption (computing)
Linux on embedded systems
Real-time testing
References
Sources
Dougan, Cort (2004), "Precision and predictability for Linux and RTLinuxPro", Dr. Dobbs Journal, February 1, 2004
Yodaiken,Victor (1997), US Patent 5,995,745
External links
Article about RTLinux synchronization
A Real-Time Linux. Victor Yodaiken and Michael Barabanov, New Mexico Institute of Technology
Linux kernel variant
Real-time operating systems
Bow Valley was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada, mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta from 1913 to 1940, and again from 1971 to 1997.
History
The Bow Valley electoral district was formed in 1913 from the Gleichen and Lethbridge District electoral districts. Bow Valley would be abolished prior to the 1940 Alberta general election, primarily forming Bow Valley-Empress electoral district, and a small portion added to Edson electoral district.
Bow Valley was revived in the 1970 electoral district re-distribution from the Bow Valley-Empress electoral district.
In the 1996 electoral district re-distribution, the Bow Valley electoral district was abolished and the territory was divided among Strathmore-Brooks, Drumheller-Chinook and Cypress-Medicine Hat electoral districts. The Electoral Boundaries Commission drafted the report with the intention of the Strathmore-Brooks electoral district retaining the name "Bow Valley".
Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs)
The 1926 Alberta general election would be the first held under single transferable vote in rural districts. Liberal leader Joseph Tweed Shaw came in second in the first count to United Farmers of Alberta candidate Ben S. Plumer. However, as per the rules of Instant-runoff voting, Plumer was not declared elected because they did not have a majority of the votes. After the least popular candidate was eliminated and their votes transferred, Shaw accumulated a majority and was declared elected. Shaw won the district by one vote.
Election results
1913 general election
1913 by-election
1917 general election
1921 general election
1926 general election
1930 general election
1935 general election
1971 general election
1975 general election
1979 general election
1982 general election
1986 general election
1989 general election
1993 general election
See also
List of Alberta provincial electoral districts
References
Further reading
External links
Elections Alberta
The Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Former provincial electoral districts of Alberta
Cayo Caiman Grande de Santa María Lighthouse is a Cuban lighthouse located in Cayo Santa María, a resort island of the municipality of Caibarién, Villa Clara Province.
See also
List of lighthouses in Cuba
Cayo Fragoso Lighthouse
References
Lighthouses in Cuba
Buildings and structures in Villa Clara Province
Lighthouse Cayo Caiman Grande de Santa Maria
Lighthouses completed in 1909
Lighthouses completed in 1955
Callum Windley (born 26 January 1991) is an English professional rugby league footballer. They have played for the Bradford Bulls in the Super League, the Hunslet (Hawks) and Oxford, as a , or .
Background
Windley was born in Kingston upon Hull, Humberside, England.  They are a product of the Bradford Junior Development system.
Bradford Bulls
Statistics do not include pre-season friendlies.
2012 - 2012 Season
Windley made their first team début in the Challenge Cup against Doncaster where they came off the substitutes' bench and operated at .
Hunslet (Hawks)
2013
Hunslet Hawks announced the signing of Windley on a 1 Year Deal on 8 October 2012. They featured against Roughyeds in the Challenge Cup. Windley also played against Whitehaven and Swinton Lions.
Statistics
Genealogical information
Callum Windley is the son of former rugby league who played in the 1980s and 1990s for Hull F.C. and Hull Kingston Rovers, and coached in the 1990s for Hull FC; Phil Windley, and they are the nephew of former rugby league who played in the 1990s and 2000s for Hull F.C. and Hunslet Hawks; Johan Windley.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Bradford Bulls profile
1991 births
Living people
Bradford Bulls players
English rugby league players
Hunslet R.L.F.C. players
Oxford Rugby League players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Kingston upon Hull
Glaphyria amazonica is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1964
Glaphyriini
"Takin' Back My Love" is a song by Spanish singer and songwriter Enrique Iglesias featuring American singer Ciara. It is the second single from their English greatest hits album The Greatest Hits. The song was produced by RedOne who was a co-writer of the song alongside Iglesias and Frankie Storm.
The original version of the song features R&B singer Ciara and was released internationally. A second version which features pop singer Sarah Connor in place of Ciara was released in Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Austria, Poland and other parts of central Europe. In France, the song was re-recorded with the French R&B singer Tyssem singing their portion of the song in French and re-titled "Takin' Back My Love (Sans l'ombre d'un remord)".
Release and promotion
Iglesias first performed the song in on the French TV show Star Academy as a duet with one of the contestants, Gaultier. The performance was enthusiastically received by the show's audience and the judges who gave the pair a standing ovation. This performance propelled the Ciara version of the song debut at #3 in France.
Iglesias and Ciara both performed the single for the first time at the 2009 Pro Bowl Half-time Show in Hawaii.
Due to studio commitments Ciara had to pull out of promotion for the single and Australian singer Gabriella Cilmi was asked to lend their vocals to most of the European promo. So far they have performed the song on the Dutch TV show Life & Cooking, The Paul O'Grady Show, Loose Women and The Alan Titchmarsh Show in the United Kingdom as well as the Meteor Music Awards in Ireland.
Iglesias has performed the song with Sarah Connor on the German show "Nur die Liebe zählt".
Ciara performed the single alone in London, as a part of their set during the European leg of Britney Spears' worldwide tour The Circus Starring Britney Spears.
Iglesias and Ciara both performed the single for the second time together in London, at the 2009 Capital FM Summertime Ball.
Critical reception
Digital Spy said that "Takin' Back My Love" finds Iglesias acting out a break-up with 'Goodies' singer Ciara. 'Go ahead just leave, can't hold you, you're free', they wail with typical passion. Not too keen on their impending single status, Ciara replies: 'What did I do but give love to you? I'm just confused as I stand here and look at you.' With its Europoppy beat and suitably dramatic chorus, this manages to pack an emotional punch while also remaining appealingly cheesy".
Billboard gave the song a positive review: "Thanks to a global fan base, Enrique Iglesias' dance duet "Takin' Back My Love" is already a hit on the European Hot 100 and a top 10 in Germany and France. RedOne, best known for their framework on Kat DeLuna's 'Whine Up' and Lady GaGa's two recent No. 1s, lends their party song production talents. Pop star Sarah Connor recorded a version with Iglesias, which has been popular in Europe, but Ciara is better paired with the Latin pop star, with their soft and sensual vocal styles. The synth sounds pinball off one another as Iglesias belts through the choruses and Ciara's panting rounds out the single, which is also riding the Hot Dance Club Play chart".
Music video
The video was shot in Los Angeles on 13 January 2009 and directed by the Norwegian director Ray Kay, who helmed Christina Milian's "Us Against the World" clip, amongst many other videos for R&B music artists. The video was released in February 2009.
The entire music video is shot under blue-screen to give off a radiant but monotone color set. The music video opens up viewing portraits of Iglesias and Ciara, then an ironic switch showing the two arguing and pushing back and forth outside of the house. The two part ways, and the song begins with Iglesias's first verse. They sing as the video randomly shoots back to a scene where Ciara is up against a wall. The chorus enters as Iglesias is shown throwing things off a counter and out of drawers.
The next verse enters Ciara walking in the room apparently angry at Iglesias. As they sing their verse, they proceed to pick up a jacket that reads "From C, with Love" and heads to the pool and throws the jacket in the water. What ensues shortly after is a back and forth argument involving the two destroying the house, from Iglesias throwing dishes and glasses out of the refrigerator, to Ciara burning songbooks and pouring paint on top of their car. Then, the
two briefly meet in the dining room of the house, where they obviously still have feelings for one another. They then kiss and perform sexual dance-like moves against each other. Then, as Ciara comes back to reality and snatches their hand from her, the two immediately go right back to arguing and destroying what is left of the house. As the video closes, the two are seen in a destroyed dining room with lights flickering on and off, approaching each other once again. Iglesias then grabs Ciara, and the video ends with the two kissing and smiling.
A music video for the version featuring Sarah Connor was released in March 2009, it is intercut with scenes from the music video that was made for the version featuring Ciara.
The Connor version shows the same story (including Ciara) but instead of the scenes where Ciara sings in front of a wall, Connor is shown singing and dancing in a room that seems to be in the same house that Iglesias and Ciara are destroying. The video also randomly shoots to a scene where Iglesias confesses their actions to Connor, implying that Connor sings the emotions and thoughts of Ciara. Pictures of Ciara can be seen in the video with Connor.
The Ciara version music video has been viewed over 188 million times on YouTube.
Formats and track listings
UK digital single (Released: 23 March 2009)
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Ciara) - 3:51
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Ciara) (Moto Blanco Radio Mix) - 3:51
"Takin' Back My Love" (Video) - 3:57
France CD single (Released: 9 March 2009)
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Tyssem) (Sans L'Ombre D'Un Remord) - 3:51
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Ciara) (Main Version) - 3:51
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Ciara) (Junior Caldera Club Remix) - 5:20
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Ciara) (Glam As You Club Mix) - 7:59
German CD single (Released: 23 March 2009)
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Sarah Connor) (Radio Mix) – 3:50
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Sarah Connor) (Alternate Mix) – 3:50
"Takin' Back My Love" (feat. Sarah Connor) (Video) - 3:57
Chart performance
"Takin' Back My Love" became an international hit debuting at #3 on French Singles Chart on 17 January 2009, with 3,137 copies sold, being ex aequo with the number two. The single debuted at #14 on the Eurochart Hot 100 chart after its first week of release where it peaked for two weeks and then jumped 10 spots to #4.
In the United Kingdom, the song debuted at #88. It peaked at #12. In Ireland, the song managed a peak of #7. The single went gold in Russia with 100,000 copies sold.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
See also
List of Romanian Top 100 number ones of the 2000s
References
2009 singles
Ciara songs
Sarah Connor (singer) songs
Enrique Iglesias songs
Song recordings produced by RedOne
Male–female vocal duets
Music videos directed by Ray Kay
Number-one singles in Romania
Songs written by Enrique Iglesias
Songs written by RedOne
2008 songs
Electropop ballads
Interscope Records singles
2000s ballads
A. Ray Smith (May 1, 1915 – June 28, 1999, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States) was a long-time baseball executive, best known for their ownership of the minor-league Tulsa Oilers franchise, which they later moved to Louisville, Kentucky, where the team set minor league attendance records.
Biography
Born in Dugger, Indiana, they played football at, and received a business administration degree from, Indiana University. With Clint Murchison, they co-founded Tecon Industries, a construction company predecessor of Standard Industries. They supervised the company's role in major construction projects around the world, including the St. Lawrence Seaway and the widening of the Panama Canal. During World War II, they were a colonel in the 8th Air Force Corps of Engineers. They moved to Tulsa in 1958, and bought out Murchison's interest in Standard Industries in 1961. In February of that same year, they got wind that Tulsa Oilers owner Grayle Howlett was about to move the team to Albuquerque. Smith persuaded Howlett to sell them a stake in the team for $25,000. A few months later, in July 1961, they bought out Howlett's interest and became sole owner.
The Oilers moved from the AA Texas League to the AAA Pacific Coast League in 1966. They contributed to the revival of the American Association in 1969 and moved the Oilers to that league. From 1963 to 1966, they also owned one-tenth of the Cleveland Indians, a Major League Baseball team.
During Smith's ownership, the Oilers won five league titles (two Texas Leagues, one PCL, two AA), but struggled with the deteriorating condition of their aging stadium, Oiler Park. Smith had poured significant resources into Oiler Park at something approaching AAA standards, but it was apparent that the 43-year-old facility was nearing the end of its useful life. Unable to secure public support in Tulsa to replace or rebuild the ballpark, Smith ultimately moved the Oilers to New Orleans, Louisiana, in 1977, renaming the team the New Orleans Pelicans, and then to Springfield, Illinois, in 1978 as the Springfield Redbirds.
After the 1981 season, they again moved the team, to Louisville, Kentucky, where they became the Louisville Redbirds (later the Louisville RiverBats and now the Louisville Bats). The team was a great success in Louisville, setting minor league attendance records. Smith was named Executive of the Year by The Sporting News in 1983.
In 1985, they bid on the Cincinnati Reds, however they were outbid by Marge Schott.
After the 1986 season, Smith sold the Redbirds. They then attempted to bring baseball to St. Petersburg, Florida, but was unable to bring that goal to fruition.
They also served on the board of the Anaheim Angels for seven years.
Honors
Minor League Executive of the Year, 1982 & 1983
Family
Their daughter, Emily Smith Miller-Mundy (1943-2013), was a prominent figure in the Tulsa Sound music scene, and the inspiration for Leon Russell's song "Sweet Emily".
References
External links
A. Ray Smith at Baseball-reference.com
1915 births
1999 deaths
Minor league baseball executives
Louisville Redbirds owners
Dzhigiya (; Kaitag and Dargwa: Жигай) is a rural locality (a selo) in Shilyaginsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 286 as of 2010. There are 13 streets.
Geography
Dzhigiya is located 8 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shilyagi and Kulidzha are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Anne Dreydel OBE (27 May 1918 – 3 July 2007) was the co-founder of the Oxford English Centre, which later became St Clare's, Oxford. In 1958 they were awarded the German state decoration of Bundesverdienstkreuz which, in 2001, was then upgraded to the Commander's Cross. In 1981 they were appointed an OBE for their services to education.
At the age of 22, during the Second World War, Dreydel was badly injured by a German bomb that fell on their London home. The explosion killed their stepfather and paralysed them from the waist down. After over a year of recovery they left hospital, but they remained in a wheelchair for the remainder of their life.
Dreydel studied English at St. Anne's College in Oxford from 1943 and studied German in Bonn during their holidays. In 1947 they founded the Oxford-Bonn Universities Committee to develop the twinning of the University of Oxford and the University of Bonn and their respective cities. The link encouraged students from Germany to study at Oxford during a time when relations between the countries were still strained.
Along with Pamela Morris they founded the Oxford English Centre in 1953, which went on to become St Clare's College. They became the sole principal in 1972 and remained in that post until their retirement in 1983. Later they would become the head of the American International School of Florence and then the director of the Oxford Centre for Learning Skills.
Dreydel also helped the disabled by serving on the Committee for the Employment of Disabled People for Oxfordshire and Berkshire.
References
External links
News from St Anne's - Anne Dreydel (1943)
1918 births
2007 deaths
Founders of English schools and colleges
Heads of schools in England
Alumni of St Anne's College, Oxford
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century philanthropists
Heads of schools in Italy
WLZK (94.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format. Licensed to Paris, Tennessee, United States, the station serves the Jackson TN area. The station is currently owned by Forever Media, through licensee Forever South Licenses, LLC, and features programming from Jones Radio Network.
History
The station went on the air as WMUF-FM on 1991-04-10. On 1997-06-09, the station changed its call sign to the current WLZK.
References
External links
LZK
Hot adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Oserian Football Club is a football club based in Naivasha, Kenya. They currently play in the Kenyan National Super League and are supported by the Oserian flower farm.
History
Oserian F.C. were promoted to the Kenyan Premier League after winning the FKL Nationwide League in 2011, but were relegated again after finishing 15th in 2012. Under the name Oserian Fastac, it won two Premier League titles, but was forced to briefly wind up operations when its backers pulled out. This meant that the club had to start again from the bottom tier in order to return to the Premier League. Their major rivals are Karuturi Sports, with whom they share the Naivasha derby.
Other department
The club also has a women's football section that competes in the Kenyan Women's Premier League.
References
Kenyan Premier League clubs
Kenyan National Super League clubs
FKF Division One clubs
Football clubs in Kenya
The movement for compulsory public education (in other words, prohibiting private schools and requiring all children to attend public schools) in the United States began in the early 1920s. It started with the Smith-Towner bill, a bill that would eventually establish the National Education Association and provide federal funds to public schools. Eventually it became the movement to mandate public schooling and dissolve parochial and other private schools. The movement focused on the public's fear of immigrants and the need to Americanize; it had anti-Catholic overtones and found support from groups like the Ku Klux Klan.
The movement gained some legislative attention when a 1920 Michigan referendum for compulsory public education received 40% of the vote. In 1922, Oregon passed a similar referendum. Eventually this law was challenged and unanimously struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in Pierce v. Society of Sisters.
The movement experienced a post–World War II revival when some Americans began to fear the power of the Catholic Church and wanted to ensure public funds were not finding their way to parochial schools. Some compared parochial schools to segregation and accused them of hindering democracy.
First wave: 1920s
In the 1920s, the idea of compulsory public education gained traction in various states, largely as a reaction against parochial schools. The Ku Klux Klan supported the movement. In Michigan the movement achieved a referendum on the subject in 1920, but won less than 40 percent of the vote. In Oregon a similar measure, the Compulsory Education Act, passed in 1922. Campaigning for it, the Ku Klux Klan "circulated a tract that pictured a grinning, torch-wielding Catholic bishop triumphantly departing from a burning public school house whose teacher rang the school bell one last time as they lay dying in the vestibule, mourned by crying children".
In Pierce v. Society of Sisters (1925) the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously struck down Oregon's law. The decision was widely hailed by progressives such as the presidents of Yale University and the University of Texas, the Journal of Education, John Dewey, and the National Education Association. However, other progressives, including future Supreme Court justice Felix Frankfurter, criticized the decision as unwarranted judicial activism.
Second wave: 1945–1960
After World War II some progressives, such as The Nation editor Paul Blanshard, became concerned with the power of the Catholic Church. They did not want it to receive public funds via its schools. Some scholars have argued that the 1947 Supreme Court decision Everson v. Board of Education, which affirmed that the legal doctrine of separation of church and state also applied at the state and local government levels, was motivated by anti-Catholic feelings. That opinion was authored by Justice Hugo L. Black, who was an admirer of Blanshard.
Some progressives compared parochial education to racial segregation. "You cannot practice democratic living in segregated schools," said one Columbia professor, referring to Catholic schools. At a debate at Harvard Law School, a Methodist bishop called parochial schools un-American. In 1952, prominent educators openly attacked "nonpublic schools" at a convention of public school superintendents in Boston. They were following the lead of their own president and of Harvard's president, James B. Conant.
See also
Compulsory education
Education in the United States
References
Notes
Sources
Social movements in the United States
Public education in the United States
Book of Days is the eleventh studio album by progressive rock band Nektar, released in 2008. It saw the departure of founding keyboardist Taff Freeman, leaving only two original band members in guitarist/frontman Roye Albrighton and drummer Ron Howden.
Track listing
Personnel
Roye Albrighton – Guitars, Lead Vocals
Ron Howden – Drums, Backing Vocals
Steve Adams – Guitars, Backing Vocals
Steve Mattern – Hammond Organ, Keyboards
Desha Dunnahoe – Bass, Backing Vocals
2008 albums
Nektar albums
Major Samuel B Cornelius Field Airport is an airport located 1 mile north of Spearman, Texas. The airport was opened in June 1982. The airport normally handles about 20 aircraft every day. The airport was named in honor of Major Samuel B Cornelius, who died in Cambodia in 1973.
References
External links
Airports in Texas
Airports established in 1982
Transportation in Hansford County, Texas
Kignan is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 646 square kilometers and includes the town and 14 villages. As of the 2009 census it had a population of 33,962. The town of Kignan is 77 km northwest of Sikasso on the R20 road that links Sikasso to Fana.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
"Innerbloom" is a song by Australian alternative dance group Rüfüs. The song was released on 20 November 2015 as the third single from the group's second studio album, Bloom (2016). The song peaked at number 65 on the ARIA Singles Chart. The song was certified platinum in Australia in 2017. The song listed at #5 in Triple J's Hottest 100 of the Decade in March 2020, whilst the What So Not remix polled at #64.
RÜFÜS vocalist Tyrone Lindqvist said "I'm sure I'm not the first person to say this, but our favourite artists are our favourite because we've shared moments listening to them with friends or family that you can't recreate, moments you remember forever. We really wanted to create those moments for other people with the songs from Bloom. "Innerbloom" is probably the most personal song we've written in terms of where we are at as people."
Reception
Sosefina Fuamoli from the AU Review labelled the song "a surefire hit", saying the song conjures a "blissful electronic atmosphere".
In a review of Bloom, Marcus Teague from the Guardian called the song the album's "high-water mark", writing that it's "a near-ten minute swim through woozy synths unspooling towards a perfectly weighted anthem of the interior."
At the 2017 Electronic Music Awards, the "Sasha remix" won "Record of the Year".
Legacy
"Innerbloom" has had "a long-lasting impact on Australia's music culture" and is "indisputably" known as Rüfüs Du Sol's "magnum opus".
Music video
The music video was directed by Katzki and released on 26 October 2016. AAA Backstage called the video "mesmerising" saying "The "Innerbloom" video is composed entirely of artistic footage of different coloured paints being swirled together in soothing patterns. Resembling dreamy distant landscapes and far away galaxies, the visual effects paired with Innerbloom's sonic soundscape is uplifting, inspiring, and kind of therapeutic."
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
Rüfüs Du Sol songs
This is a list of notable water buffalo cheeses. Water buffalo cheese is produced using the milk from the water buffalo. Some buffalo milk cheeses are produced using the milk from other animals as well, such as cow's milk.
Water buffalo cheeses
Bagot ni horbo, dali ni horbo, or simply dali is a cheese-like traditional Batak dish from Tapanuli, North Sumatra, Indonesia, with a yellowish white appearance with tofu-like texture and milky flavor. Dali is made by boiling buffalo milk coagulated with papaya leaf or unripe pineapple juice.
Bocconcini – a small mozzarella cheese the size of an egg, like other mozzarellas, it is semi-soft, white and rindless unripened mild cheese which originated in Naples, Italy and was once made only from milk of water buffalo. Nowadays they are usually made from a combination of water buffalo and cow's milk.
Buffalo mozzarella – a mozzarella made from the milk of Mediterranea Italiana buffalo. It is a dairy product traditionally manufactured in Campania, Italy, especially in the provinces of Caserta and Salerno.
Burrata – a fresh Italian buffalo milk cheese prepared using the pasta filata method.
Caciotta – a range of types of cheese produced especially in the central regions of Italy from the milk of cows, sheep, goats or water buffalo
Casatica – a sweet rinded log shaped cheese produced in Northern Italy.
Dangke – a type of cheese produced in South Sulawesi, Indonesia, especially in Enrekang, Baraka, Anggeraja, and Alla districts. Dangke is processed by boiling fresh buffalo milk with sliced papaya leaves, stems, or unripe papaya fruits. Dangke is typically soaked in a brine solution overnight before being wrapped with banana leaves for masking the bitter taste caused by the addition of papaya leaves.
Domiati – a soft white salty cheese made primarily in Egypt, but also in Sudan and other Middle Eastern countries. Typically made from buffalo milk, cow milk, or a mixture, it can also be made from other milks, such as sheep, goat or camel milk.
Kesong puti – a Filipino soft, unaged, white cheese made from unskimmed carabao's milk, salt, and rennet.
Khoa – a dairy product widely used in the cuisine of the Indian Subcontinent, it is made using both cow's and water buffalo milk.
Litsusu and cologanti – a type of cheese produced in East and West Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia, with enzymes from litsusu tree as coagulant.
Mozzarella – a traditionally southern Italian dairy product made from Italian buffalo's milk by the pasta filata method. Mozzarella received a Traditional speciality Guaranteed certification from the European Union in 1998. This protection scheme requires that mozzarella sold in the European Union is produced according to a traditional recipe.
Nguri – a buffalo's milk cheese of the Fujian province in China, it is prepared in a ball-shape approximately the size of a table tennis ball, and has a soft, leathery texture.
Stracciatella di bufala – produced from Italian buffalo milk in the province of Foggia, located in the southern Italian region of Apulia. It is prepared using a stretching (pasta filata) and a shredding technique.
Surti paneer – a soft cheese associated with Surat in India, it is a type of paneer prepared from buffalo milk which is coagulated using rennet.
See also
List of cheeses
List of dairy products
Lists of prepared foods
References
Lists of cheeses
Charles Louis Boardman (March 27, 1893 – August 10, 1968) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher. They played for the Philadelphia Athletics during the and seasons and the St. Louis Cardinals during the season. They managed in the Dakota League in 1922 for the Valley City Hi-Liners.
References
1893 births
1968 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Philadelphia Athletics players
Baseball players from New York (state)
Minor league baseball managers
Waterbury Contenders players
St. Paul Apostles players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Toledo Iron Men players
New Rockford-Carrington Twins players
Valley City Hi-Liners players
People from Seneca Falls, New York
Bismarck Capitals players
Kourouma is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 293 square kilometers and includes 10 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 11,234. The village of Kourouma, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 81 km northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Jeptha Root Simms (December 31, 1807 – May 31, 1883) was an American historian best known for chronicling the settlement of upstate New York.
Personal life
Jeptha Root Simms was born at Canterbury, Connecticut on December 31, 1807, son of Joseph Simms and the former Phoebe Fitch. Their family moved to Plainfield, New York in 1824. They married April 1, 1833, to Catherine Lawyer of Schoharie, New York. They died May 31, 1883 in Fort Plain, New York, age 75.
Education
Mr. Simms was largely self-educated. They became an acknowledged authority on the history and geology of upstate New York through years of personal interviews with the region's oldest surviving residents and collecting fossils and mineral samples. The interviews became the backbone of their subsequent writings, while their geological collection was eventually purchased by the State of New York for $5,000 (an impressive sum at the time).
Career
As a young man, Simms worked at Canajoharie, New York, but removed to New York City in 1829. A few years later, they returned to upstate New York and began compiling their collection of historical material while working as a railroad ticket agent.
Bibliography
The History of Schoharie County and Border Warfare (1845).
The American Spy: Or, Freedom's Early Sacrifice, A Tale of the Revolution Founded Upon Fact, (1846).
Re:
<li> Nicholas Stoner
<li> Nathaniel Foster
<li> 1850. . .
<li> 1851; 2nd ed. . .
<li> 1857; 3rd ed.
<li> 1960; 3rd ed.
<li> 1871; 3rd ed. .
The Frontiersmen of New York: Showing Customs of the Indians, Vicissituds of the Pioneer White Settlers, and Border Strife in Two Wars (Volume 1 in 1882 and Volume 2 posthumously in 1883)
References
1807 births
1883 deaths
19th-century American historians
19th-century American male writers
Writers from New York (state)
American male non-fiction writers
Glaphyria acutalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Peru.
References
Moths described in 1891
Glaphyriini
Edgar Corredor (born 24 February 1960) is a Colombian former professional racing cyclist. They rode in four editions of the Tour de France and five editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1982
8th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stages 1 & 12
1983
1st Stage 1 GP Tell
4th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1984
3rd Overall Route du Sud
5th Overall Vuelta a España
1985
1st Stage 1 Tour de l'Avenir
1986
5th Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stage 3
7th Overall Circuit Cycliste Sarthe
1987
4th Overall Volta a Catalunya
1988
10th Overall Volta a Catalunya
10th Overall Route du Sud
10th Trofeo Masferrer
1990
3rd Trofeo Masferrer
1991
1st Overall Vuelta a Aragón
1992
9th Overall Vuelta a Aragón
9th Overall Volta a Portugal
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
People from Sogamoso
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
Nicolas Marischael (born 10 August 1964) is a French water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Limoges
Konina is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 733 square kilometers and includes 7 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 14,786. The village of Konina, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 78 km east of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
This is intended to be a complete list of the Pennsylvania state historical markers in Philadelphia County, as placed by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission (PHMC).
As of 2021, there were 321 combined Roadside (larger) and City (narrower) markers affixed on posts and Plaque markers affixed to buildings or structures in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, which is coterminous with the city of Philadelphia. Of these, 12 are listed as Missing. Latitude and longitude coordinates are given as provided by the PHMC's database.
Historical markers
See also
List of Pennsylvania state historical markers
National Register of Historic Places listings in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
List of National Historic Landmarks in Philadelphia
References
External links
Pennsylvania Historical Marker Program
Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission
ExplorePAhistory.com, a collaborative effort of the PHMC and WITF
Pennsylvania state historical markers in Philadelphia
Pennsylvania state historical markers in Philadelphia
Philadelphia County
Historic markers
The Advance was a wooden topsail schooner built in 1872 at Terrigal, that was wrecked when it missed stays whilst carrying ballast (vessel was used in the lime trade) between Botany Bay and Port Stephens under the command of Captain J. Delaney and was lost at Henry Head Bight, Botany Bay, New South Wales on 11 February 1884
Ship description and construction
The Advance was a wooden vessel
Length,
Breadth,
Depth,
They were rigged as a fore and aft schooner, built by Mr Thomas Davis at their yard at Terrigal in 1872.
Ship service history
The Advance was originally employed between the Tweed River and Sydney but when they were purchased by Messrs, David Cairncross and William Rooke, they were placed in the trade between Port Stephens and Botany Bay carrying shells for lime burning purposes in which they remained till they have wrecked.
In July 1877 one of the crewman of the Advance died on board the vessel.
The cause of the death of Alexander M'Lean, a seaman of the schooner Advance, on board that vessel. John Smith, master of the schooner, deposed that they lay at the Victoria Wharf, Darling Harbour. The deceased was about 55 years of age, a native of Scotland, and believed unmarried, they had been employed on board the Advance for about eight months. John Smith saw them alive about a quarter to 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the crew of the schooner consisted of about four men in all and they had been recently infested with rats, Smith adopted the following plan to get rid of them on the afternoon of Saturday, John Smith lit a fire in the hold, and threw on it charcoal and sulphur, and battened down the hatches with the view of preventing the escape of fumes, and then directed the crew to go on shore and not to come onboard till between 10 and 11 o'clock on Sunday forenoon, when they were to open the hatches. John Smith did not give any special caution about not going down after taking off the hatches; there might have been about three parts of a bucket of charcoal and a quarter of a pound of sulphur; on Sunday afternoon be heard that M'Lean was lying dead on board the schooner.
Jeremiah O'Connell, Cook on board the schooner, deposed that they last saw deceased alive about 4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon at the Victoria Wharf, they were then sober. O'Connell left the Advance about 6 o'clock in company with the mate, and returned about half past 12 on Sunday afternoon alone. They went forward and saw that the scuttle leading to the forecastle, and which was closed when they left, was open ; the other hatches were still closed; they looked into the forecastle and saw the deceased sitting on a seat with their body bent forward and their head resting on the opposite seat there was a smell of charcoal coming up out of the scuttle, they thought deceased was drunk, they spoke to him, but got not reply they shook him, but could not awake him, and found that they were dead.
Wreck
The particulars of the wreck on 11 February 1884 are related by one of the crew:
The Advance in ballast got underway for Port Stephens at about 7 o'clock yesterday (Monday) morning, from the Government wharf, Botany Bay there was a light breeze from the SE at the time, but the weather was overcast, and the wind gradually freshened till, about three quarters of an hour afterwards, it was blowing a strong gale. We attempted to beat out, and made one board across from the south side of the bay, near Captain Cook's monument towards La Perouse As we proceeded it was thought that they would be able to get right out, but when nearing La Perouse the wind headed us veering more to the eastward, and we had to go around in an attempting, to do so the vessel missed stays. We filled on her, as there was no room to wear we made another attempt to stay them They would not stay, however, and the anchor was accordingly let go, which brought them up A kedge was then run out to try and heave them off and when we got to work the vessel was gradually being dragged off when the line unfortunately gave way. All this time the schooner was hanging by the anchor, with their stern just clear of the rocks, and the surf was beginning to break in heavily. Just after the kedge line parted, the pawls of the windlass gave way, and then, nothing holding them they headed right round for the rocks, upon which they were dashed very shortly afterwards We had just enough time to snatch up some of our clothes, get into the boat, which was alongside and pull away. We pulled out Into the bay, and the schooner Harold bound from Wollongong to the waterworks with a cargo of coal coming up at the time we got on board of them and were all landed safely at the Waterworks, whence we came on to Sydney
In the afternoon all that could be seen of the Advance was about 12 feet of their waist.
After investigation by the Marine Board of the master of the Advance, J. E. Delany, it was found that there was nothing in the evidence upon which the Marine Board could find a charge of default and they considered that the schooner was lost in consequence of their missing stays, and parting them anchor.
Wreck site and wreckage
From contemporary newspaper reports the location of the wreck was described as:
The scene of the wreck is called Henry Head Bight where several other vessels have come to grief, notably the Sea Breeze the spot where they went ashore being not more 10 in 20 yards from that where the Advance met them fate. It is middle of the North Head of Botany Bay, and about half a mile from La Perouse The surf breaks in with great violence during SE gales into the bight and as the water is full of jagged rocks for some. distance from the base of the almost perpendicular cliffs, which rise to some height, it can well be Imagined that the crew of a vessel going ashore here in very heavy weather would have but little chance of saving their lives
The location of the shipwreck is approximately , but the wreck has not been discovered.
See also
Advance (1874), a ship of the same name lost at the same headland
Further reading
Online databases
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping – Arrivals and Departures 1788–1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622–1850, Charles Bateson, AH and AW Reed, Sydney, 1972, , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 2 1851–1871 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Sydney. Reed, 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
References
Shipwrecks of the Southern Sydney Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1872 ships
Maritime incidents in February 1884
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Schooners of Australia
The Realm of the Rye' (Swedish: Rågens rike) is a 1950 Swedish drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Eric Laurent, Peter Lindgren and Nine-Christine Jönsson. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director P.A. Lundgren. It is a remake of the 1929 silent film of the same name.
Cast
Eric Laurent as Mattias Larsson
Peter Lindgren as Markus
Nine-Christine Jönsson as Klara Torkelsdotter
Linnéa Hillberg as Klara's Mother
Wilma Malmlöf as Hilda
Sten Lindgren as Gusten
Erik Sundqvist as Jan
Rune Ottoson as Lill-Matt
Alf Östlund as Josua Larsson
Arthur Fischer as Parish constable
Ivar Hallbäck as Kalle
Knut Lindroth as Reverend
Lissi Alandh as Hildur
Martin Ljung as Olle
Torgny Anderberg as Kors-Petter
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1950 films
Swedish drama films
1950 drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1950s Swedish films
Olga Barabanschikova (; ; born 2 November 1979) is a former professional Belarusian tennis player.
Barabanschikova's highest WTA singles ranking is 49th, which they reached on 2 March 1998. Them career high in doubles was at 81 set at 19 October 1998. Barabanschikova was also a spokesperson in the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2008, announcing the televotes of Belarus.
Barabanschikova was born in Minsk. They married their longtime domestic partner, Luanne, in 2008. They currently reside between Los Angeles, CA and Europe.
Major finals
Olympic finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
WTA Tour finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
ITF Circuit finals
Singles finals: 7 (3–4)
Doubles finals: 7 (4–3)
External links
1979 births
Living people
Belarusian female tennis players
Belarusian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Tennis players from Minsk
Wimbledon junior champions
Tennis players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in girls' doubles
Olympic tennis players of Belarus
G protein-coupled receptor 35 also known as GPR35 is a G protein-coupled receptor which in humans is encoded by the GPR35 gene. Heightened expression of GPR35 is found in immune and gastrointestinal tissues, including the crypts of Lieberkühn.
Ligands
Endogenous ligands
Although GPR35 is still considered an orphan receptor, there have been attempts to deorphanize it by identifying endogenous molecules that can activate the receptor. All of the currently proposed ligands are either unselective towards GPR35, or they lack high potency, a characteristic feature of natural ligands. The following list includes the most prominent examples:
kynurenic acid
LPA species
cyclic guanosine monophosphate
DHICA
T3
reverse T3
Synthetic agonists
Other synthetic agonists of GPR35 include:
cromoglicic acid
nedocromil
pamoic acid
zaprinast
lodoxamide
bufrolin
Zaprinast is currently the gold standard in the biochemical evaluation of novel synthetic GPR35 agonists, because it remains potent in an animal model. Most other known agonists display high selectivity towards the human GPR35 orthologue. This phenomenon is well established for other GPCRs and complicates the development of pharmaceutical drugs.
Antagonists
Antagonists of GPR35 include:
ML145 (CID-2286812)
ML144 (CID-1542103)
Both ML145 and ML144 unfurl their antagonistic activity through inverse agonism. They are, however, highly species-selective, and practically inactive at the rodent receptor orthologues.
Clinical significance
Deletion of GPR35 gene may be responsible for brachydactyly mental retardation syndrome and is mutated in 2q37 monosomy and 2q37 deletion syndrome. In one study GPR35 has been recognised as a potential oncogene in stomach cancer.
References
G protein-coupled receptors
Appalachian Review, formerly known as Appalachian Heritage, is a literary quarterly that "showcases the work of emerging and established writers throughout Appalachia and beyond."
Notable writers who have contributed to Appalachian Review include Harriette Simpson Arnow, Pinckney Benedict, Wendell Berry, Wiley Cash, Nikki Giovanni, bell hooks, Silas House, Fenton Johnson, Barbara Kingsolver, Maurice Manning, Jim Wayne Miller, Robert Morgan, Ann Pancake, Jayne Anne Phillips, Ron Rash, Lee Smith, James Still, Lyrae Van Clief-Stefanon, Neela Vaswani, Frank X Walker and Crystal Wilkinson.
History and publication
Appalachian Review was founded in 1973 as Appalachian Heritage by mountain poet Albert Stewart at Alice Lloyd College. The magazine moved to the Hindman Settlement School in 1982. Berea College began sponsoring the magazine in 1985. It publishes fiction, creative nonfiction, poetry, craft essays, interviews, book reviews, and visual art. Material from the magazine has been widely anthologized in collections including New Stories from the South. Journal contributors include multiple Pushcart Prize nominees; recipients of the T.S. Eliot Award, the E.B White Award, and an O. Henry Prize; a National Book Award finalist; and a Pulitzer finalist.
From 2002 to 2012, each issue of the magazine focused on one author from the region, along with original work from other writers. Featured authors included Cormac McCarthy, Silas House, Crystal Wilkinson, Emma Bell Miles, Harriette Simpson Arnow, Ron Rash, Wilma Dykeman, and Karen Salyer McElmurray, among others, as well as special issues dedicated to African-American Appalachian writers and Eastern Band of the Cherokee members.
Creative nonfiction writer and editor Jason Kyle Howard assumed editorship of Appalachian Review in November 2013. Since then, the magazine has focused on showcasing the original work of both emerging and established writers throughout Appalachia and beyond. In an interview upon being named editor, Howard said, "I'm looking forward to preserving the legacy of the magazine's past editors, while also taking it to new places."
References
External links
Appalachian Review (official site)
1973 establishments in Kentucky
Appalachian culture
Literary magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1973
Magazines published in Kentucky
Magazines published in North Carolina
Mass media in Chapel Hill-Carrboro, North Carolina
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Underworld: Blood Wars is a 2016 action horror film directed by Anna Foerster (in their feature film directorial debut). It is the fifth installment in the Underworld franchise and the sequel to Underworld: Awakening (2012), with Kate Beckinsale reprising their role as Selene. The main cast also includes Theo James, Lara Pulver, Tobias Menzies, Bradley James, Peter Andersson, James Faulkner, Clementine Nicholson, Daisy Head, Oliver Stark, and Charles Dance.
Principal photography began on October 19, 2015, in Prague, Czech Republic. The film was released on November 24, 2016, in various countries and was subsequently released in the United States on January 6, 2017, by Screen Gems. It received generally negative reviews and has grossed over $81 million worldwide, against its production budget of $35 million.
Plot
The remaining vampire covens are on the verge of annihilation by the Lycans. Both species are searching for Selene: the vampires seek justice for the death of Viktor, while the Lycans, led by Marius, intend to use them to locate Eve, whose blood holds the key to building an army of vampire-werewolf hybrids.
Semira, a council member of the Eastern Coven, asks Thomas to plead Selene's case before the council. The plea is successful and the council reluctantly agrees to a pardon in exchange for Selene's help. Selene arrives with David and starts trainning the coven's neophyte Death Dealers for the upcoming war. Semira and Varga, their ally and lover, later poison Selene, slaughter the trainees and frame them for the atrocity. With Selene in their custody, Semira begins draining their blood, intending to drink it to steal their power. Thomas and David attempt a rescue and manage to save Selene. Unfortunately, Thomas dies in the process.
David and Selene take refuge at the Nordic Coven, pursued by Alexia, an Eastern Coven vampire dispatched by Semira. At Var Dohr, the Nordic Coven stronghold, Elder Vidar reveals that David is the son of Grand Elder Amelia, and thus the legitimate heir to the Eastern Coven.
Meanwhile, Alexia tells Marius, their secret lover, that Selene is going to the Nordic Coven. Marius and their Lycans attack Var Dohr to get them Selene and David fight alongside the Nordic vampires, who are led by Vidar's daughter Lena. During the fight, Alexia stabs Selene. Marius demands to know Eve's location, but finds out Selene does not know, so they sound the retreat. Selene deliberately drowns under the broken ice of the lake, telling themselves that 'my time is done'.
At the Eastern Coven, Semira drinks the blood taken from Selene. Alexia returns and informs them of the attack at the Nordic Coven. Semira kills Alexia, telling them that they knew of their secret alliance with Marius. David returns to the Eastern Coven, presents themselves as its rightful heir and denounces Semira. Even Varga deserts her, saying their loyalty is to the rightful leader.  They are led off to be imprisoned in their room.
The coven comes under attack by Marius and their forces. The Lycans blow holes in the castle's walls, letting in sunlight and killing some vampires. David continues fighting, only to find themselves face to face with Marius. Selene suddenly reappears, now Nordic in appearance and wearing a coat over their Death Dealer uniform. It turns out that they were resurrected by the Nordic Coven and now has new powers, including enhanced speed. They swiftly dispatch the Lycans, as the Nordic Coven joins the fight.
As Selene makes their way through the castle, Semira escapes from their room and kills the guards. Selene and David find Marius, but David is waylaid by Semira. During the fight, a drop of Marius' blood lands on Selene's lips and they are suddenly flooded by their memories. They see Marius capturing Michael Corbin and slitting their throat to collect their blood and consume it. To counter their despair over Michael's death, they bite their own wrist, accessing their own blood memories of time spent with him. Selene then rips out Marius' spine, killing them instantly. Meanwhile, David manages to kill Semira. They show Marius' severed head to the Lycans and calls on them to collect their wounded and retreat.
In the aftermath, Selene, David, and Lena are chosen as new Elders. It is revealed that after their resurrection at the Nordic Coven, Selene was reunited with Eve, who had been following their mother through their telepathic link, as they had anticipated.
Cast
Kate Beckinsale as Selene, a Death Dealer
Theo James as David, a Vampire hybrid / Vampire elder and Selene's protégé and ally
Lara Pulver as Semira, a fiercely ambitious Vampire
Tobias Menzies as Marius, a Lycan leader.
Bradley James as Varga, the Eastern Coven's leading Death Dealer
Peter Andersson as Vidar, the eldest of the Nordic Coven
James Faulkner as Cassius
Clementine Nicholson as Lena, the Nordic Coven's greatest warrior / Vampire elder and daughter of Vidar
Daisy Head as Alexia, a neophyte Death Dealer from the Eastern Coven and Marius's vampire lover
Oliver Stark as Gregor
Charles Dance as Thomas, a Vampire Elder and David's father.
Trent Garrett portrays Michael Corvin, a Lycan-Vampire Hybrid, and Selene's lover. Michael and their daughter, Eve, are also Alexander Corvinus' distant descendants. Garrett replaces Scott Speedman, who played the role in two of the previous four films. Speedman appears in archival footage from Underworld and Underworld: Evolution for key scenes in Blood Wars. Zita Görög, who played the role of Amelia in the first two films but had retired from acting, appears in archival footage from Underworld: Evolution for several key scenes in Blood Wars. India Eisley, who portrayed Eve in the fourth film, appears in archival footage from that film. Eve is portrayed in Blood Wars by a stand-in.
Production
On August 27, 2014, Lakeshore Entertainment announced their plans to develop a reboot of the Underworld franchise, with Cory Goodman hired to write the script for the first film. Tom Rosenberg and Gary Lucchesi were named as producers. The film was later confirmed to be a fifth entry in the series, rather than a reboot. Titled Underworld: Next Generation, the film was in production and set to be released in 2015. Theo James, who appeared in the role of David in the fourth film, would return as the new lead. On October 12, 2014, director Len Wiseman told IGN that original Underworld lead Kate Beckinsale would be back for the film. On May 14, 2015, Anna Foerster signed on to make their directorial debut with the film, being the first woman to direct a film in the series, with Beckinsale confirmed to return. On August 14, it was announced by Deadline Hollywood that Tobias Menzies had been cast as Marius, a mysterious new Lycan leader. On September 9, Bradley James was cast as the male villain. Same day, newcomer Clementine Nicholson signed on to play Lena, the Nordic Coven's greatest warrior and daughter of Vidar. On September 22, Lara Pulver was added to the cast to play a fiercely ambitious Vampire. On October 19, Charles Dance was confirmed to return to play Vampire elder Thomas. Additional cast was also announced which included James Faulkner, Peter Andersson, and Daisy Head.
Filming
Principal photography on the film began on October 19, 2015, in Prague, Czech Republic, and was set to take place over ten weeks. The film's crew included cinematographer Karl Walter Lindenlaub, production designer Ondřej Nekvasil, costume designer Bojana Nikitović, and editor Peter Amundson. Filming wrapped up on December 11, 2015.
Release
Initially the film was set for an October 21, 2016, release. After announcement about release delay, the film's earliest release date became November 24, 2016, when the film was released in Russia, Ukraine, Georgia and Kazakhstan, followed by December 1, 2016, release in various countries such as El Salvador and Australia. It was released in the U.S. on January 6, 2017.
Box office
Underworld: Blood Wars grossed $30.4 million in the United States and Canada and $50.7 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $81.1 million, against a production budget of $35 million.
In North America, the film was expected to gross $15–19 million over its opening weekend. It went on to open to $13.7 million, down 49% from the previous installment, finished fourth at the box office and marking the lowest debut of the franchise. The film made $6.2 million in its second weekend and in its third was dropped from 1,604 theaters (the 105th biggest third-week theater decrease of all-time) and made $1.7 million.
Critical response
, the film holds a 21% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 96 reviews, with an average rating of 3.96/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Underworld: Blood Wars delivers another round of the stylized violence that the series is known for, but – like many fifth franchise installments – offers precious little of interest to the unconverted." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 23 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.
Rafer Guzman of Newsday called the film the weakest and most bloodless of the series, with "third-rate" special effects and "clunky" action scenes. Ben Kengisberg of the New York Times wrote that the film was "so heavy with exposition" that the director and screenwriter were making "a dissertation instead of a sequel", and criticized what they saw as the film's "almost willful lack of fun". Frank Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter wrote that the film was a "generic, by-the-numbers" exercise that was "strictly anemic", given "all its talk of blood". They did praise the acting of Beckinsale and Dance, also saying that the presence of Dance continued the tradition of distinguished British actors "appearing in Hollywood crap in lieu of receiving a proper pension".
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone was very negative in their review, writing that "scraping bottom would be a step up" for the film, and that the franchise "needs [a] stake through the heart". In a positive review, Owen Gleiberman of Variety wrote that it was "gun-blazing, body-splattering business as usual", and that the film made "a token stab at actual theatrical drama" in setup for the "action slaughter" that is "its own (numbing) reward". They also praised the performances of Beckinsale, Pulver, and especially, Dance.
Possible sequel
In 2017, Wiseman revealed that a sixth film is also in development with Beckinsale reprising their role as Selene. On September 13, 2018, Beckinsale said they will not appear in the sixth film, stating: "I wouldn't return. I've done plenty of those".
In July 2021, however, they backtracked and stated that they were not opposed to reprising the role.
References
External links
2016 films
5
2016 action thriller films
2016 horror films
2010s action horror films
American action thriller films
American action horror films
American dark fantasy films
American sequel films
Films set in 2024
Films set in castles
Films shot in the Czech Republic
Lakeshore Entertainment films
Screen Gems films
Girls with guns films
Cryonics in fiction
Films produced by Gary Lucchesi
Films produced by Tom Rosenberg
Films scored by Michael Wandmacher
2016 directorial debut films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
ZMap is a free and open-source security scanner that was developed as a faster alternative to Nmap. ZMap was designed for information security research and can be used for both white hat and black hat purposes. The tool is able to discover vulnerabilities and their impact, and detect affected IoT devices.
Using one gigabit per second of network bandwidth, ZMap can scan the entire IPv4 address space in 44 minutes on a single port. With a ten gigabit connection, ZMap scan can complete a scan in under five minutes.
Operation
ZMap iterates on techniques utilized by its predecessor, Nmap, by altering the scanning method in a few key areas. Nmap sends out individual signals to each IP address and waits for a reply. As replies return, Nmap compiles them into a database to keep track of responses, a process that slows down the scanning process. In contrast, ZMap uses cyclic multiplicative groups, which allows ZMap to scan the same space roughly 1,300 times faster than Nmap. The ZMap software takes every number from 1 to 232-1 and creates an iterative formula that ensures that each of the possible 32-bit numbers is visited once in a pseudorandom order. Building the initial list of numbers for every IP address takes upfront time, but it is a fraction of what is required to aggregate a list of every sent and received probe. This process ensures that once ZMap starts sending probes out to different IPs, an accidental denial of service could not occur because an abundance of transmissions would not converge on one subnet at the same time.
ZMap also speeds up the scanning process by sending a probe to every IP address only once by default, whereas Nmap resends a probe when it detects a connection delay or fails to get a reply. This results in about 2% of IP addresses being missed during a typical scan, but when processing billions of IP address, or potential IoT devices being targeted by cyberattackers, 2% is an acceptable tolerance.
Usage
ZMap can be used for both vulnerability detection and exploitation.
The application has been used for port 443 scans to estimate power outages during Hurricane Sandy in 2013. One of the developers of ZMap, Zakir Durumeric, used their software to determine a computer's online state, vulnerabilities, operating system, and services. ZMap has also been used to detect vulnerabilities in universal plug and play devices and search for weak public keys in HTTPS website logs.
See also
Banner grabbing
Nmap
OpenVAS
References
External links
Official website
Cross-platform free software
Free network management software
Linux security software
Network analyzers
Port scanners
Security testing tools
Unix network-related software
C (programming language) software
Lyn Dobson (born 22 June 1939 in Bedford) is an English musician, noted as a jazz-rock flautist and saxophonist. They appeared with Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames and Manfred Mann in the mid-1960s, and then with Soft Machine and Keef Hartley, as well as playing on albums by Nick Drake and John Martyn. Dobson played the flute solo on Manfred Mann's "Pretty Flamingo". Dobson also played on a number of sessions for The Small Faces, including their Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake LP, and the track "The Autumn Stone" (released after the group split in 1969), and they performed live with them during 1968. They also subsequently guested on Humble Pie's debut album As Safe As Yesterday Is (1969), on which they also played sitar.
They released an album, Jam Sandwich, on Fresh Air Records in 1974.
After the 1970s, they worked in theatre, dance, drama, multimedia, music teaching and music therapy. In the 1990s, Dobson recorded two albums with the Third Ear Band.
See also
Henry Lowther
Harold McNair
Elton Dean
Mike Vickers
References
1939 births
Living people
People from Bedford
British jazz saxophonists
British male saxophonists
British jazz flautists
British rock flautists
British session musicians
British folk rock musicians
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century British male musicians
British male jazz musicians
Itrocinonide (developmental code name D5159) is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed.
References
Secondary alcohols
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Cyclic acetals with aldehydes
Organofluorides
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Clarkebury is a village in Chris Hani District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It was established in 1830 as a mission station of the Wesleyan Methodist Missionary Society. It was visited by James Backhouse in March 1839.
References
Populated places in the Engcobo Local Municipality
Populated places established in 1830
1830 establishments in the Cape Colony
Smolenskoye Poozerye National Park (, which translates as Smolensk Lakes) is a forest-wetland ecosystem of 35 lakes and surroundings in the northwest of Smolensk Oblast near the Russian border with Belarus, about north of the city of Smolensk. The Western Dvina River flows through the lake region. The park was officially established in 1992. Since 2002, the park has been included in the international network of biosphere reserves. Administratively, the national park is shared between Demidovsky and Dukhovshchinsky Districts of Smolensk Oblast.
Topography
The park covers a region (east-west) by (north-south) over a flat network of low-lying rivers and lakes. The highest elevation is , the lowest is . They're underlying landforms include gravel moraines and ridges, and flat floodplains. The two main rivers are the Yelsha and the Polovya. The largest lake is Lake Sapsho (3 km2), a glacial lake and major tourist draw to its resort town of Przhevalskoye. Areas of coverage have been estimated as of forest (about 75%), of bogs, of lakes, and of rivers.
Climate and ecoregion
Smolenskoye Poozerye is towards the eastern end of the Sarmatic mixed forests ecoregion (WWF ID#436), which runs from southern Sweden across the Baltic states and central eastern Europe (including Moscow) to the Ural Mountains. The ecoregion is a strip of low forests, lakes and wetlands, running from the Baltic Sea east to the Urals. Forest cover is typically mixed conifer and deciduous trees, with the unbroken tracts under pressure from agriculture.
For aquatic habitat, the park is in the "Volga-Ural" freshwater ecoregion (WWF ID#410), a region that is characterized in general by a high number of fish species but relatively few endemics.
The climate of Smolenskoye Poozerye is Humid continental climate, warm summer (Köppen climate classification (Dfb)). This climate is characterized by large swings in temperature, both diurnally and seasonally, with mild summers and cold, snowy winters. Days can be clear in winter when polar air masses are present, and in summer there are occasional thunderstorms. Average temperatures range from 17 F in January to +64 F in July. Annual precipitation averages .
Plants
The park is designed to cover many different habits in a small, contiguous place. These habitats include pine forests, spruce forests, broad-leaf forests, bogs, sedge meadows along the banks for rivers and lakes, dry meadows, and water habitat itself. A review of tree cover percentages reported spruce (16%), pine (12%), birch (38%), aspen (13%), and black alder (6%).
Animals
A census of animals in the park recorded 54 mammal species, 232 bird species, and 37 species of fish. In 2012, the World Wildlife Fund initiated a project entitled "Conservation and restoration of rare bird species in large wetlands of Smolensk Lakeland National Park".
History
The territory of the Smolensk Lakes has been inhabited since ancient times, and archaeological remains are found throughout the park. The earliest flint tools date to the Mesolithic Age (7,000-8,000 BCE), there are 17 known Neolithic sites, and about 25 Bronze Age memorials. Since the fifth century AD, the culture of the area has been Slavic agricultural and timber-related. In modern times, 123 villages have been recorded in the region. The park includes a resort town, Przhevalskoye, on the shores of Lake Sapsho.
Tourism
The park is developed with recreational facilities, including a popular spa "Holy Well", and an ancient settlement Verzhavska. Nature trails, bike trails, horse trials, and water tourist routes are maintained. There is a trail for children called "Fairy tales of a Russian forest", which features defense outposts and homes of folklore characters 'Baba-Yaga' and 'Leshy'. There are guided tours for bird-watching, historical-cultural site visits, and scientific education. The park administers 32 tourist shelters, and 30 guest houses. The park's administration estimates that there are 230,000-250,000 visitors per year, most of whom are local.
See also
Protected areas of Russia
References
External links
Smolensk Lakeland Entry - UNESCO-MAB Biosphere Directory
National parks of Russia
Geography of Smolensk Oblast
Tourist attractions in Smolensk Oblast
Saraçköy, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The State Highway 34 Bridge at the Trinity River near Rosser, Texas was built in 1933–34. It brought State Highway 34 across the Trinity River, between Ellis County, Texas and Kaufman County, Texas.
The bridge was designed by the Texas Highway Department; the main truss was the Texas Highway Department's T22-150 standard design. The truss fabricator was Petroleum Iron Works Co. and the bridge builder was the Austin Bridge Co.
The main span was a riveted Parker through truss; there were 53 smaller I-beam spans. Also two additional structures, included in the listing, spanned "borrow pits" outside the levees of the Trinity River.
The bridge was replaced in 1996.
References
External links
Historic Bridges of Texas, 1866-1945 MPS
Bridges in Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Ellis County, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Kaufman County, Texas
Bridges completed in 1933
Run with the Devil () is a 1960 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Mario Camerini.
Cast
Antonella Lualdi as Donata
Gérard Blain as Stefano
Franco Fabrizi as Giosuè
Cristina Gaioni as Marisa
Yvonne Furneaux as Marta
Claudio Gora as Pippo Cantigliani
Corrado Pani as Youth
Spiros Focás as Marco Belli
Alex Nicol as Bill Rogers
Marion Marshall as Grace
Franco Giacobini
Gabriella Giorgelli
References
External links
1960 films
1960 comedy-drama films
Italian comedy-drama films
Films directed by Mario Camerini
1960s Italian-language films
1960s Italian films
The 1823 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on March 11, 1823.
Incumbent Democratic-Republican Governor Samuel Bell did not run for re-election to a fifth term in office.
Levi Woodbury defeated Samuel Dinsmoor with 56.72% of the vote.
Democratic-Republican nomination
Candidates
William Badger, High Sheriff of Strafford County, former President of the New Hampshire Senate
Ezra Bartlett, unsuccessful candidate for U.S. Representative in 1800 and 1804
Josiah Butler, incumbent U.S. Representative
Samuel Dinsmoor, former U.S. Representative
Jonathan Harvey, President of the New Hampshire Senate
Arthur Livermore, former U.S. Representative
David L. Morril, incumbent U.S. Senator
William Pickering, incumbent Treasurer of New Hampshire
Results
The Democratic-Republican caucus met at Concord on June 21, 1822.
The results of the balloting were as follows:
General election
Candidates
Samuel Dinsmoor, former U.S. Representative
Levi Woodbury, Associate Justice of the New Hampshire Superior Court of Judicature
Some 20th Century sources record Woodbury as an Independent Republican. Woodbury stood at the invitation of a convention of Portsmouth Republicans. Contemporary sources record both candidates as Republicans; Dinsmoor as a supporter of William H. Crawford for the U.S. Presidency, and Woodbury a supporter of John Quincy Adams. (However, Woodbury would be elected to the U.S. Senate in 1825 as a Jacksonian)
Results
References
Notes
Bibliography
1823
New Hampshire
Gubernatorial
Mariolina De Fano (14 October 1940 – 18 August 2020) was an Italian actor.
Partial filmography
Il carabiniere (1981) - Maid
Vigili e vigilesse (1982) - Assunta
Pover'ammore (1982)
L'ammiratrice (1983) - Caterina
Where Are You? I'm Here (1993)
Prestazione straordinaria (1994)
The Graduates (1995)
Dove sei perduto amore (1997)
Fireworks (1997) - Barbara Passanisi's Aunt
The Bride's Journey (1997)
Un bugiardo in paradiso (1998)
E insieme vivremo tutte le stagioni (1999)
La bomba (1999)
Tutto l'amore che c'è (2000) - Zia Rosa
Si fa presto a dire amore... (2000) - Madre Silvana
E adesso sesso (2001)
Soul Mate (2002) - Benedetta
Un mondo d'amore (2002)
All'alba saliremo il monte (2002)
Love Returns (2004)
Nicola, li dove sorge il sole (2006)
The Cézanne Affair (2009) - Signorina Lo Turco
Piripiccho - L'ultima mossa (2010)
Senza arte né parte (2011) - Mamma Carmine
Non me lo dire (2012)
Pane e burlesque (2014)
Noi siamo Francesco (2014) - La tata
Chi m'ha visto (2017) - Natuzza (final film role)
References
External links
1940 births
2020 deaths
People from Bari
Italian film actores
Italian stage actores
Italian television actores
20th-century Italian actores
21st-century Italian actores
Sony Rox HD was an Indian HD pay-TV music channel owned by Sony Pictures Networks (subsidiary of Sony Pictures Entertainment). The channel was launched on 16 January 2017 and its programming focuses on the broadcast of 2010s onwards recent Hindi-language musical videos. Sony Rox was discontinued by SPNI w.e.f 31 December 2018 at 00:00 hours.
Programming
Rhythm & Rox
Streaming Now
Trending Now
Spider-Man
References
Music television channels in India
Sony Pictures Networks India
Television channels and stations established in 2017
Defunct television channels in India
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2018
Carl Weingarten is an American guitarist, photographer, and founder of the independent music label Multiphase Records.  They are best known for their atmospheric sound and use of the slide guitar and Dobro. Weingarten has played a significant role in progressive underground music for nearly 30 years, recording several solo and collaborative instrumental albums and signing various musicians to their label.
Biography
Before acquiring a taste in music, Weingarten gained an interest in photography early on; at seven years old, they received their first camera as a Christmas gift. By junior high, Weingarten moved on to shooting Super 8 films. However, in high school, they also aspired to teach themselves how to play slide guitar after their first exposure to blues.
Weingarten later earned a degree in cinema production which would go hand in hand with the atmospheric music they would later become known for. According to Weingarten, "The cinematic tone in my music comes from my visual arts background. I try to paint it all in sound." However, breaking into the film industry proved difficult, and they began writing and recording their own film scores and other music for modern dance companies. But as Weingarten stated in a 2007 interview, "I had been my own creative boss for too long, and my attitude got me chased off one too many movie sets." This led them to join the indie label movement.
Weingarten founded Multiphase Records in St. Louis in 1980. The following year, they released its first album, Submergings, in collaboration with Gale Ormiston and Phil Neon. That same year gave birth to Weingarten's instrumental electronic rock band Delay Tactics. The group, featuring Walter Whitney on synths and guitarists David Udell and Reed Nesbit, took heavy influence from Robert Fripp and served as more of a recording unit than live act. They were, however, among the first of such indie groups to use digital delays in both studio recordings and live looping performances. With two albums under their belt, the group disbanded in 1986. A third record would be released under the Delay Tactics name in 2003.
In the 1990s, Weingarten moved to San Francisco and continued producing their own solo and collaboration albums and toured. They reunited multiple times with Walter Whitney among other musicians in producing a broad catalog of studio recordings. In 1995, several musicians were brought together under the Court Musicians moniker to record an album fusing various cultural styles; two of such tracks featured Weingarten on guitar, and their experience with the project's Indian themes had a profound influence on them musically. They have more recently moved to Alameda, California and continued releasing new music throughout the 2000s.
Weingarten's records have received praise by media outlets such as All About Jazz, Muze.com, Music Web Express, Exposé magazine, and Allmusic among others. With influences spanning Ennio Morricone, Brian Eno, Antonio Vivaldi, and Robert Johnson among others, their albums have often been described as sounding more akin to a thematic soundtrack than a more formal collection of songs, and their innovative style blending and experimentation have been widely commended. In 2002, Weingarten released one of their most critically acclaimed works, escapesilence. The record would become an NPR staple and the winner of the "Listeners Choice Award" from the syndicated PRI program Echoes.
Despite their success in the music industry, Weingarten is still an avid photographer. Today, a gallery of photos can be viewed at their website focusing on subjects like urban landscapes and architecture, natural landscapes, concerts, and nightlife. The site also offers digital restoration of old photos, and their work has been featured in exhibits such as the Frank Bette Center for the Arts.
Equipment
Dobro
Traveler guitar
Slide guitar
EBow
Discography
With Delay Tactics
Out-Pop Options (1982, 2000 re-release)
Any Questions? (1984, 2000 re-release)
Solo
Living in the Distant Present (1985)
Laughing at Paradise (1988, 2003 re-release)
Pandora's Garage (1992, 2000 re-release)
Slide of Hand (1992)
Redwood Melodies: A Traveler's Companion (1995, 2000 re-release)
The Acoustic Shadow (1995, 2000 re-release)
Blue Faith (2000)
escapesilence (2002)
Hand in the Sand: A Collection – 1990–2004 (2004)
Local Journeys (2005)
Lost in the Air (2008)
Panomorphia (2012)
Life Under Stars (2014)
This Is Where I Found You (2018 feat. Ulrich Schnauss)
Collaborations
Submergings: A Study in Sonic Ambiance w/ Gale Ormiston & Phil Neon (1981, 2001 re-release)
Windfalls w/ Gale Ormiston (1983)
Dreaming in Colors w/ Walter Whitney (1986, 2018 re-release)
Primitive Earth w/ Walter Whitney (1990)
Critical Path w/ Joe Venegoni (1991)
At the Court of the Chera King, featured on two tracks w/ The Court Musicians (1995)
Silent Night w/ Joe Venegoni (1998)
Invisibility w/ Forrest Fang (2006)
Where There Is Light (as Weingarten-Charlton) w/ Catherine Marie Charlton (2017)
References
Living people
Musicians from St. Louis
Record producers from Missouri
Record producers from California
Guitarists from California
Music of St. Louis
Ambient musicians
Slide guitarists
Lead guitarists
American male composers
21st-century American composers
American experimental guitarists
American male guitarists
American rock guitarists
American music industry executives
American photographers
Guitarists from Missouri
21st-century American male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 45th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was among scores of regiments that were raised in the summer of 1864 as A Hundred Days Men, an effort to augment existing manpower for an all-out push to end the war within 100 days.
Service
The 45th Iowa Infantry was organized at Keokuk, Iowa, and mustered in for one hundred days of Federal service on May 25, 1864, as part of a plan to raise short-term regiments for service as rear area garrison duty to release veteran troops for Sherman's Atlanta Campaign. The 45th Iowa garrisoned strategic points on the Memphis & Charleston Railroad.
The regiment was mustered out at Keokuk on September 15, 1864.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 972 men served in the 45th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
It suffered 3 enlisted men who were killed in action or who died of their wounds and 19 enlisted men who died of disease, for a total of 22 fatalities.
Commanders
Colonel Alvah H. Bereman
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1864
1864 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
1864 disestablishments in Iowa
1864 disestablishments in the United States
Dudley Eustace is a British business person, having many executive functions in Dutch companies.  They are well known for their restructuring work being finance director of Philips and Ahold.
Eustace is currently the Chairman of Aegon and VNU, now called The Nielsen Company.  They are also Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board of KPN, Vice-Chairman of Hagemeyer and was a member of the Supervisory Board of Stork N.V.
References
Living people
N M Rothschild & Sons people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Syriac Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus is a Syriac Catholic Church ecclesiastical territory or eparchy of the Catholic Church in Syria. While a metropolitan see, the Archeparchy of Damascus is without suffragans and is exempt directly to the Syriac Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch. It has its cathedral in the archepiscopal see and Syrian national capital Damascus.
History
It was established in 1633 in its present status, on territory previously without a Syriac Catholic ordinary or ecclesiastical territory.
Pope John Paul II visited the archeparchy in May 2001.
Ordinaries
Metropolitan Archeparchs of Damascus
(incomplete : first centuries unavailable)
Clément Michel Bakhache (1900.09.24 – 1922.08.03), emeritate as Titular Archbishop of Chalcedon of the Syriacs (1922.08.03 – death 1958.07.04)
Grégoire Pierre Habra (1924.03.24 – death 1933.03.21), previously Archeparch (Archbishop) of Mossul of the Syriacs (Iraq) (1901.08.16 – 1924.03.24)
Iwannis Georges Stété (1933.10.16 – 1968.08.20), emeritate as Titular Archbishop of Bostra (1968.08.20 – 1975.02.27)
Clément Abdulla Eliane Rahal (1968.08.20 – death 1971.05.30)
Clément Georges Schelhoth (1972.07.07 – 1978.09.04), later Auxiliary Eparch of the patriarchate Antioch of the Syriacs (Lebanon) (1978.09.04 – 1979), emeritate as Titular Archbishop of Hierapolis in Syria of the Syriacs (1978.09.04 – 1991.10.04)
Eustathe Joseph Mounayer (1978.09.04 – 2001.05.15), previously Titular Bishop of Hierapolis in Syria of the Syriacs (1971.05.10 – 1978.09.04) & Auxiliary Bishop of the patriarchate Antioch of the Syriacs (Lebanon) (1971.05.10 – 1978.09.04), later Bishop of Curia of the Syriacs (2001.05.15 – retired 2006)
Gregorios Elias Tabé (2001.06.24 – 2019.06.22), succeeding as former Coadjutor Archeparch of Damascus of the Syriacs (1999.05.08 – 2001.06.24); previously Titular Bishop of Batnæ of the Syriacs (1995.06.24 – 1996.05.25) & Auxiliary Bishop of Antioch of the Syriacs (Lebanon) (1995.06.24 – 1997), Titular Bishop of Mardin of the Syriacs (1996.05.25 – 1999.05.08) & Bishop of Curia of the Syriacs (1997 – 1999.05.08)
Youhanna Jihad Battah (2019.07.12 - ...)
Source and External links
Official Site (in Arabic)
GCatholic
Catholic-hierarchy.org
Damascus
Eastern Catholicism in Syria
Blendio is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 369 square kilometers and includes the town and 13 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 18,207. The town of Blendio, the chef-lieu of the commune, is 81 km west-northwest of Sikasso.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Panther Creek is a tributary of Spring Brook in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Thornhurst Township, Clifton Township, and Spring Brook Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . It has one named tributary, which is known as Painter Creek. Panther Creek is considered to be Class A Wild Trout Waters. The surficial geology in its vicinity consists of alluvium, alluvial terrace, Wisconsinan Till, and bedrock.
Course
Panther Creek begins to the west of Panther Hill in Thornhurst Township. It flows north for several tenths of a mile, passing through Clifton Township for a few hundred feet and entering Spring Brook Township. The creek then turns north-northeast for a few tenths of a mile, entering a valley. At this point, it turns north-northwest for several tenths of a mile and receives Painter Creek, its only named tributary, from the left. It then flows in a northwesterly direction for several tenths of a mile to its confluence with Spring Brook.
Panther Creek joins Spring Brook upstream of its mouth.
Tributaries
Panther Creek has one named tributary, which is known as Painter Creek. Painter Creek joins Panther Creek upstream of its mouth. Its watershed has an area of .
Hydrology
The concentration of alkalinity in Panther Creek is 4 milligrams per liter.
Geography and geology
The elevation near the mouth of Panther Creek is above sea level. The elevation of the creek's source is between above sea level.
The surficial geology along the lower reaches of Panther Creek consists of alluvium and alluvial terrace. Bedrock containing conglomeratic sandstone, sandstone, and shale is present slightly further from the creek, as is a glacial or resedimented till known as Wisconsinan Till. Further upstream, the surficial geology consists of bedrock consisting of conglomerate, shale, and sandstone. Wisconsinan Till is also present in some areas.
Watershed
The watershed of Panther Creek has an area of . The watershed is in the southwestern part of the Lackawanna River watershed. It is mostly in Spring Brook Township and Thornhurst Township. However, a small corner is in Clifton Township and an even smaller area is in Bear Creek Township, in Luzerne County. The mouth of the creek is in the United States Geological Survey quadrangle of Moscow. However, its source is in the quadrangle of Avoca.
A total of 97 percent of the length of Panther Creek is on public land that is open to access. The remaining 3 percent is on private land that is closed to access. The Theta Land Corp. owned land along the creek, but opened it to be public in 2002 by leasing it to the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission for $1 per year.
History and recreation
Panther Creek was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on August 2, 1979. Its identifier in the Geographic Names Information System is 1183249.
The first sawmill in Spring Brook Township was constructed near the confluence of Panther Creek with Spring Brook, on the latter stream. In the early 2000s, the Lackawanna River Watershed Conservation Plan recommended that Spring Brook Township include protection of Panther Creek in their comprehensive plans, as well as their ordinances for land use, zoning, and subdivision.
Catch and release fishing is permitted on the entire length of Panther Creek.
Biology
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Panther Creek from its headwaters downstream to its mouth. They also do so in the tributary Painter Creek. The entire length of Panther Creek is considered by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission to be Class A Wild Trout Waters for brook trout.
See also
Plank Bridge Creek, next tributary of Spring Brook going upstream
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
List of tributaries of the Lackawanna River
References
Rivers of Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Tributaries of Spring Brook (Lackawanna River)
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Isis was an all-female rock band from New York. They took their name from the Egyptian goddess Isis, and were an early example of professional women in rock music in the 1970s.
Biography
The first two albums
Isis was formed in 1972 by Carol MacDonald (vocals/guitar) and Ginger Bianco (née Panabianco; drums), former members of 1960s female rock band Goldie & The Gingerbreads. To fill out the line-up, they recruited Susan Ghezzi (guitar), Stella Bass (vocals/bass), Nydia 'Liberty' Mata (percussion) and a horn section featuring Jeanie Fineberg (sax/vocals), Lauren Draper (trumpet/vocals) and Lolly Bienenfeld (trombone/vocals).
Isis built a solid following on the New York club circuit, and in 1973 became the fifth all-female band to sign to a major label (Buddah Records). In the fall of 1974 they released their self-titled debut album. The Isis album was produced by George "Shadow" Morton and drew comparisons to Chicago, Blood, Sweat & Tears, Earth Wind & Fire, and Santana, as well as Black Sabbath, Yes and Jethro Tull. The album cover—a photograph of the band members in nothing but metallic body paint—created a sensation, and the LP reached Billboard's Top 100 chart.
Despite receiving positive reviews for the album and live appearances, Isis failed to reach mainstream audiences. One possibility for the resistance encountered by the band may have been singer Carol MacDonald's unwillingness to deny their homosexuality, which they sang about in the song "She Loves Me".
As time went on, the group scored support slots with the biggest acts of the day, including KISS, Aerosmith, The Beach Boys, and Lynyrd Skynyrd, among others. In 1974, Susan Ghezzi (guitar) was replaced by Renata Ferrer and Lauren Draper was replaced by Ellen Seeling. The band also added Edith Dankowitz (sax/vocals) and former Gingerbreads organist Margo Lewis (B-3).
In 1975, this incarnation of Isis recorded the group's follow-up album, Ain't No Backin' Up Now, with producer/songwriter Allen Toussaint at their studio in New Orleans. (Toussaint had just completed recording "Lady Marmalade" with LaBelle.) Ain't No Backin' Up Now relies on soul, funk, and disco influences and featured a guest appearance by guitarist June Millington, fresh from the break-up of Fanny. Reviewing it in Christgau's Record Guide: Rock Albums of the Seventies (1981), Robert Christgau wrote:
Breaking Through and breaking up
Without commercial success, it was difficult to keep the group together. Equally challenging was finding qualified female musicians to join the band. By 1976, the core line up was Carol MacDonald, Margo Lewis, Jeanie Feinberg, Ellen Seeling and new members Faith Fusillo (vocals/guitar), Barbara Cobb (bass), Vivian Stoll (drums) and Lynx (sax/guitar/vocals).
In 1977, the band signed with its second label, United Artists, and released their third album, Breaking Through, produced by Len Barry. Frustrated by the inability to turn great reviews into commercial success, the LP was a departure from its two previous releases and was geared specifically to the commercial market. However, this LP, like the others, was once again a commercial disappointment. Alumni members Nydia Mata, Ellen Seeling, Lolly Bienenfeld, Lauren Draper and Jeanie Fineberg, as well as newcomer Laurie Frink, also appeared on the album.
The band (with Frink and other guest members) toured to support the release of the LP throughout the US and the Caribbean. The group opened for chart-topping BT Express and Dr. Buzzard's Savannah Band on the west coast leg, and for Blondie on the east coast dates.
After the touring to support Breaking Through, the group took up residence for a time at Greenwich Village landmark Trude Heller's on 6th Avenue and 9th Street, where they played nightly. However, the continued lack of commercial success eventually led the group to disband by the end of the 1970s.
Solo projects
The majority of the ex-Isis members are still working in the music field, and are often involved in a variety of projects.
Nydia Mata, already a full-time member of Laura Nyro's band before Isis, played with Ginger Bianco, Jeanie Fineberg and Ellen Seeling in the salsa band Latin Fever. In March 1981 (Women's History Month) they formed the Afro-Cuban group Retumba.
Jeanie Fineberg and Ellen Seeling formed the jazz band Deuce. Mata and MacDonald joined them for Deuce's self-titled, debut release in 1986. In 1989 Fineberg and Seeling moved to California, where they lead the Montclair Women's Big Band.
Stella Bass moved to Atlanta, Georgia; they formed their own band (with male and female musicians) called The Stella Bass Band and released a 2007 gospel album. The Stella Bass Band did a soundtrack for the movie Hall Pass, directed by Peter Farrelly and Bobby Farrelly, and is also featured in the film.
Laurie Frink was one of NYC's most sought-after session players and brass teachers until their death in 2013, having recorded and toured with numerous artists including Gerry Mulligan and Laurie Anderson.
Margo Lewis opened a talent agency, Talent Consultants International, Ltd., in NYC in 1983. Through the years, its clients have included Bo Diddley, Wilson Pickett, Asia, The Zombies, Carl Palmer and Belinda Carlisle, among others.
Faith Fusillo joined Lewis in 1983 and became business manager to Bo Diddley in 1992. Since their passing on June 2, 2008, Lewis and Fusillo manage the Estate of Bo Diddley through their company, Talent Source.
Isis 2001
On November 13, 1997 Margo Lewis, Ginger Bianco and Genya Ravan participated in a one-off Goldie & the Gingerbreads reunion. This took place thirty years after the initial break-up of that group, and 22 years after their last performance together as members of Isis.
Eventually MacDonald and Bianco formed a new version of Isis with Lolly Bienenfeld (now playing with Jazz Diva) as the third core member. The new members were Denny Colt (guitar), Bonnie Parker (bass), Pam Fleming (trumpet), Laura Dryer (sax) and Paula Jeanine (percussion).
This line-up debuted on January 26, 2001, at the New York Bottom Line headlining a female musicians' night. Plans for a new album, however, never materialised.
The original members and their replacements later gathered at a woman in Music jam; it turned out to be the final chapter in the band's history, as health reasons soon forced lead singer (and the band's sole constant member) Carol MacDonald to quit.
MacDonald died on March 12, 2007. Six months later, on September 20, Ginger Bianco was given the Women Breaking Barriers Award by the GLBT Historical Society, partly for their work in Isis.
Lynx Quicksilver, whose real name was Mary Lynn Sheffield, born June 8, 1943, in Great Britain, died peacefully on February 20, 2014, in Huntsville, Alabama.
Stella Bass was listed by online magazine They Shred in a list of 100 black women guitarists and bassists.
Discography
Isis (1974), Buddah Records
Ain't No Backin' Up Now (1975), Buddah Records
Breaking Through (1977), United Artists
References
External links
itsaboutmusic.com, audio samples of all Isis recordings
Isis, band history at answers.com
All-female bands
American jazz ensembles from New York City
Egyptian mythology in music
Interactive cinema tries to give an audience an active role in the showing of movies.
Another newer definition of interactive cinema is a video game which is a hybrid between participation and viewing, giving the player – or viewer, as it were – a strong amount of control in the characters' decisions. It is compared to interactive film.
History
The earliest rudimentary examples of interactive cinema date back to the early 20th century, with "cinematic shooting gallery" games. They were similar to shooting gallery carnival games, except that players shot at a cinema screen displaying film footage of targets. They showed footage of targets, and when a player shot the screen at the right time, it would trigger a mechanism that temporarily pauses the film and registers a point. The first successful example of such a game was Life Targets, released in the United Kingdom in 1912. Cinematic shooting gallery games enjoyed short-lived popularity in several parts of Britain during the 1910s, and often had safari animals as targets, with footage recorded from British imperial colonies. Cinematic shooting gallery games declined some time after the 1910s.
The 1967 Czech film Kinoautomat by Czechoslovakian director Raduz Cincera (presented in the Czech Pavilion at Expo 67 in Montreal) is the first cinema-like interactive movie. The availability of computers for the display of interactive video has made it easier to produce interactive movies.
A prominent pioneer of interactive cinema games is the successful Hideo Kojima (1963–present), whose gameplay often takes a priority to the storyline and long cutscenes. Their 1994 game Policenauts, a point-and-click adventure game which has shootout sequences (that make use of the lightgun peripheral on the Sega Saturn version of the game), has a subtitle which reads "Interactive cinema" on the cover art of all versions of said game, which provides an early example of a prominent game-developer labelling a game as such. In 1999 Sega's Shenmue video game series won high praise for its implementation of interactive cinematic elements. Its designer Yu Suzuki stated that their goal "was to create a game that was intricate and lifelike by merging the cinematic qualities of movies and the interactivity of computer games". A recent incarnation of an idea similar to this one is Fahrenheit (censored version released in the US and Canada as Indigo Prophecy) – a game dubbed as "interactive cinema" by its France-based developer, Quantic Dream.
The first American interactive film released in 1992, I'm Your Man. Certain Loews Theatres locations retrofitted with controllers allowed audiences to vote on decisions made by the main character. Although initially touted as the first step toward virtual-reality cinema, the experiment proved a failure, the equipment was removed from theaters by 1994.
See also
Cutscene
Interactive art
Interaction design
Interactive movie
Interactive video
Laserdisc video game
Participatory cinema
Web documentary
References
Cinema
Eubucco is a genus of colourful birds in the family Capitonidae. They are found in humid forest in South and Central America, and the species have almost entirely allo- or parapatric distributions. Slightly smaller than the members of the genus Capito, members of the genus Eubucco are all sexually dimorphic, have stubby yellowish bills, green backs, yellow to the neck or underparts, and, at least in the males, red to the head. Typically seen singly or in pairs, they are primarily frugivorous, but also take arthropods.
Species
References
Schulenberg, T., D. Stotz, D. Lane, J. O'Neill, & T. Parker III. (2007). Birds of Peru. Christopher Helm Publishers.
External links
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2003 Test Valley Borough Council election took place on the 1 May 2003. With new ward boundaries, all 48 seats were up for election. 24 seats were needed for a majority, with the Conservatives winning 30; the Liberal Democrats won 16 seats, and Independents won 2.
Results
|-bgcolor=#F6F6F6
| colspan=2 style="text-align: right; margin-right: 1em" | Total
| style="text-align: right;" | 48
| colspan=5 |
| style="text-align: right;" | 32,796
| style="text-align: right;" |
|-
Ward results
Abbey
Alamein
Ampfield and Braishfield
Amport
Anna
Blackwater
Bourne Valley
Broughton and Stockbridge
Charlton
Chilworth, Nursling and Rownhams
Cupernham
Dun Valley
Harewood
Harroway
Kings Somborne and Michelmersh
Millway
North Baddesley
Over Wallop
Penton Bellinger
Romsey Extra
St Mary's
Tadburn
Valley Park
Winton
References
2003 English local elections
May 2003 events in the United Kingdom
Test Valley Borough Council elections
2000s in Hampshire
The Football Federation Victoria National Training Centre (FFV NTC) is run by Football Federation Australia and Football Federation Victoria, in Melbourne, for Victorian youth players. Up to 2010 it was run by the Victorian Institute of Sport.
Program
The men's program aims to prepare players for selection in the Australia U17 squad and FFA Centre of Excellence program. Between 20 and 25 scholarships are awarded each year to athletes who are 13–17 years old that show the potential to represent Australia at U-17 level.
The team competes regularly in the National Premier Leagues Victoria Under 18 East division, which acts as preparation for the FFA National Institute Challenge in December of each year.
Recent history
The NTC squad, led by coach Boris Seroshtan won its first National Institute Challenge in December 2013 without losing a single game, finishing six points clear of Football New South Wales NTC.
Several players of that squad have since graduated the program to sign for different clubs including Melbourne Victory and Melbourne City FC. One of the star performers, Jake Brimmer has since gone on to sign for English football giants Liverpool F.C., as well as making nine appearances for the Australian Under-17s squad.
Despite losing the core of its squad for the 2014 edition of the National Institute Challenge, the Victoria NTC defied the odds to win a second consecutive title, losing only once on its way to beating Queensland Academy of Sport by two points.
Current technical staff
Notable former players
References
External links
Official website
U-21 Victorian Premier League 2009 results
Soccer in Victoria (Australia)
Shorea ochracea is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The species name is derived from Latin ( = the colour ochre) and refers to the colour of the undersurface of the leaf. S. ochracea is endemic to Borneo.
It is an emergent tree, up to tall, in mixed dipterocarp forest on sandy clay soils and claysoils. It is a light hardwood sold under the trade names of white meranti. Shorea ochracea is found in at least two national parks (Betung Kerihun and Bukit Baka Bukit Raya National Parks), but is threatened elsewhere due to conversion of land for palm oil plantations, mining and logging.
References
ochracea
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Cayo Fragoso Lighthouse is a Cuban lighthouse located in Cayo Fragoso, a resort island of the municipality of Caibarién, Villa Clara Province.
See also
List of lighthouses in Cuba
Cayo Caiman Grande de Santa María Lighthouse
References
Lighthouses in Cuba
Buildings and structures in Villa Clara Province
Lighthouse Cayo Fragoso
Lighthouses completed in 1930
The Walls of Air are a novel by Barbara Hambly published in 1983.
Plot summary
The Walls of Air are a novel in which the story continues from The Time of the Dark.
Reception
Dave Langford reviewed The Walls of Air for White Dwarf #69, and stated that "Nothing's truly original [...] and Hambly's making much better use of routine materials."
Reviews
Review by Roger C. Schlobin (1983) in Fantasy Newsletter, #57 March 1983
Review by Chris Henderson (1983) in Whispers #19-20, October 1983
References
1983 novels
The 2012 British Formula Ford Championship was the 37th edition of the British Formula Ford Championship. It commenced on 7 April at Oulton Park and ended on 30 September at Donington Park after 8 rounds and 24 races, held in the United Kingdom and Germany.
Drivers and teams
Race calendar and results
An eight-round calendar was announced on 4 December 2011. Six rounds will support British F3 and British GT events, with a round at Brands Hatch Indy supporting the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters, and a round at the Nürburgring, also counting towards the Formula Ford EuroCup.
Championship standings
In the Championship Class, points were awarded on a 30-27-24-22-20-18-16-14-12-10-8-6-4-3-2 basis to the top fifteen classified drivers, with one point awarded to all other finishers. An additional point was given to the driver who set the fastest lap in each race.
Drivers' Championship
Notes
Teams
Constructors
Nations Cup
References
External links
The home of the British Formula Ford Championship
British Formula Ford Championship seasons
Formula Ford
British Formula Ford
Hartley is a ghost town located in South Australia, along the Bremer River on the Strathalbyn-Callington Road.
Founded around the year 1856 as a small rural settlement, it once boasted a Methodist church (1856), post office (opened 1869 and closed 1981), school (opened 1919 and closed 1970) and creamery. Now the town is little more than a series of ruins and farm houses.
References
Hartley listed in the Manning Index of South Australian History
Hartley
Hartley
Göçük, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Senir, Gündoğmuş is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Todor Kozlovski (, born 28 June 1933) is a Bulgarian former sports shooter. They competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1933 births
Living people
Bulgarian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Bulgaria
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sofia
20th-century Bulgarian people
The term object-based language may be used in a technical sense to describe any programming language that uses the idea of encapsulating state and operations inside objects. Object-based languages need not support inheritance or subtyping, but those that do are also termed object-oriented. Object-based languages that do not support inheritance or subtyping are usually not considered to be true object-oriented languages.
Examples of object-oriented languages, in rough chronological order, include Simula, Smalltalk, C++ (which object model is based on Simula's), Objective-C (which object model is based on Smalltalk's), Eiffel, Xojo (formerly REALbasic), Python, Ruby, Java, Visual Basic .NET, C#, and Fortran 2003. Examples of a language that is object-based, but not object-oriented are early versions of Ada, Visual Basic (VB), JavaScript, and Fortran 90. These languages all support the definition of an object as a data structure, but lack polymorphism and inheritance.
In practice, the term object-based is usually applied to those object-based languages that are not also object-oriented, although all object-oriented languages are also object-based, by definition. Instead, the terms object-based and object-oriented are normally used as mutually exclusive alternatives, rather than as categories that overlap.
Sometimes, the term object-based is applied to prototype-based programming languages, true object-oriented languages that lack classes, but in which objects instead inherit their code and data directly from other template objects. An example of a commonly used prototype-based scripting language is JavaScript.
Both object-based and object-oriented languages (whether class-based or prototype-based) may be statically type-checked. Statically checking prototype-based languages can be difficult, because these languages often allow objects to be dynamically extended with new behavior, and even to have their parent object (from which they inherit) changed, at runtime.
Difference between Object-oriented and Object-based languages
References
Programming paradigms
Sarılar, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
The Haizhu Island Circular New Tram (), Line THZ1, or YoungTram is a tram system mainly serving the Haizhu District of Guangzhou, between and . It is an at-grade tram system. The whole line (except Party Pier station) began operation on 31 December 2014. Party Pier station was added on 21 October 2015.
The Haizhu Tram is the first of the planned lines operated by Guangzhou Trams to open.
Length and stations
The entire track of the first section of the Haizhu Tram, with a length of 7.7 km and all ten stations are laid at-grade.
See also
Guangzhou Tram
References
Transport in Guangzhou
Railway lines opened in 2014
2014 establishments in China
Kyung-ah, also spelled Kyong-ah, is a Korean feminine given name. The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 54 hanja with the reading "kyung" and 29 hanja with the reading "ah" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be used in given names.
People with this name include:
Choi Kyung-ah (born 1969), South Korean manhwa artist
Kim Kyungah (born 1977), South Korean table tennis player
Park Kyung-ah (born 1986), South Korean artistic gymnast
Yoon Kyung-ah ( 2010s), South Korean screenwriter
Kim Kyong-a, North Korean rower, participated in Rowing at the 2010 Asian Games – Women's lightweight single sculls
See also
List of Korean given names
References
Korean feminine given names
Assistant professor is an academic rank just below the rank of an associate professor used in universities or colleges, mainly in the United States and Canada.
Overview
This position is generally taken after earning a doctoral degree and generally after several years of holding one or more postdoctoral researcher positions. It is below the position of associate professor at most universities and is equivalent to the rank of lecturer at most Commonwealth universities. In the United States, assistant professor is often the first position held in a tenure track, although it can also be a non-tenure track position. A typical professorship sequence is assistant professor, associate professor, and full professor in order. After 7 years, if successful, assistant professors can get tenure and also get promotion to associate professor.
There is high demand for vacant tenure-track assistant professor positions, often with hundreds of applicants. Less than 20% of doctoral graduates move onto a tenure-track assistant professor position after graduation.
Comparison
The table presents a broad overview of the traditional main systems, but there are universities which use a combination of those systems or other titles. Some universities in Commonwealth countries have also entirely adopted the North American system in place of the Commonwealth system.
See also
Academic ranks in Canada
References
Academic ranks
The following is a list, by period and country, of armed merchant ships used since the late 19th century in the role of auxiliary cruisers, also called armed merchant cruisers.
Ships by period
Spanish–American War
American auxiliary cruisers
Russo-Japanese War
Japanese merchant cruisers
Russian merchant cruisers
Note: This listing is incomplete.
World War I
Allied merchant cruisers
Royal Navy
Royal Australian Navy
French Navy
German auxiliary cruisers
Spanish Civil War
The Spanish Nationalists, whose navy was substantially outnumbered by the Republicans, made an extensive use of auxiliary cruisers during the Spanish civil war, two of them on loan from Italy:
World War II
Allied merchant cruisers
The Armed merchant cruisers were made by requisitioning large ships and providing them with guns and other equipment. They ranged from . The armament varied but six guns with guns as secondary was usual. From 1941, many served as troopships.
Royal Australian Navy
Royal New Zealand Navy
Monowai
Royal Canadian Navy
Royal Navy
French Navy (Marine Nationale)
French auxiliary cruisers were armed with 138 mm, 152 mm or 150 mm guns, 75 mm and 37 mm AA guns and 13.2 mm or 8 mm AA HMG
Aramis (X01)
Ville D'Alger (X03)
Cap des Palmes (X03)
Ville d'Oran (X05)
El Mansour (X06)
Victor Scoelcher (X07) (lost on 6 May 1942)
Colombie (X10)
Charles Plumier (X11)
Djenné (X13)
El Kantara (X16)
El Djezair (X17)
Eridan (X18)
Barfleur (X19)
Quercy (X20)
Esterel (X21)
Mexique (X22) (hit a mine and sunk on 19 June 1940)
German auxiliary cruiser raiders
At the outbreak of war, the Kriegsmarine requisitioned a number of fast merchantmen and immediately sent them into naval shipyards to be converted into offensive auxiliary cruisers. These ships had at the time of building been fitted with extra strong decks specifically to facilitate the installation of military equipment when required, but this was the only difference between them and other merchantmen of the period. No precise plans had been drawn up for the conversion of these ships into warships, and consequently the conversion process was painfully long. Compared to the diversity of British auxiliary cruisers, the Hilfskreuzer were standardized insofar as possible. The ships themselves averaged approximately . Armament usually consisted of six 6 in guns, two to six torpedo tubes, and an assortment of , 37 mm, and automatic weapons. Most of these merchant raiders carried an Arado Ar 196 floatplane for reconnaissance. , , and were also equipped with small motor torpedo boats. In addition to armament, increased fuel, water, and coal storage had to be provided for as well. Furthermore, the raiders could not abandon the crews of their captures, so space had to be provided for prisoners. The first Hilfskreuzer got under way in March 1940, shortly before the Norwegian campaign.
(HSK-1)
(HSK-2)
(HSK-3)
(HSK-4)
(HSK-5)
(HSK-6)
(HSK-7)
(HSK-8)
(HSK-9)
(HSK-10)
(HSK-11)
Japanese armed merchant cruisers
Japan converted fourteen merchant ships to "armed merchant cruisers" but, by the end of 1943, five had been sunk and seven had been converted back to merchant ships.
Aikoku Maru
Akagi Maru
Asaka Maru
Awata Maru
Bangkok Maru
Gokoku Maru
Hōkoku Maru
Kinryu Maru
Kiyozumi Maru
Kongō Maru
Noshiro Maru
Saigon Maru
Ukishima Maru
Italian armed merchant cruisers
Unlike the Germans and the Japanese, none of the armed merchant cruisers (or auxiliary cruisers) of the Italian Royal Navy (Regia Marina) were deployed to destroy or capture Allied merchant ships and were mostly used as supply ships or escorts. All of them mounted two guns.
- Lost on 27 February 1941 in battle with cruiser HMNZS Leander in the Indian Ocean while fleeing Italian East Africa for Japan as armed transport.
- Never active as an Italian armed merchant cruiser and, after being chartered by the Japanese as the Calitea II, lost on 12 January 1945
- Converted into an escort vessel and never served as an armed merchant cruiser, they took part of the battle of Otranto
- Converted into a hospital ship and never served as an armed merchant cruiser
Romanian armed merchant cruisers
The Romanian Navy only had one auxiliary cruiser, named Dacia. They were built in France in 1907 as a passenger ship, having a displacement of up to 4,105 tons. They measured 109 meters in length, with a beam of 13 meters and a draught of 8 meters. Them top speed was of 18 knots. Initially, they were employed as an auxiliary minelayer, being armed only with two 20 mm anti-aircraft guns and able to carry up to 200 mines. In 1942, they were also armed with three 105 mm naval/AA guns and designated as auxiliary cruiser (crucişător auxiliar).
References
Notes
Bibliography
Auxiliary and merchant cruisers
Auxiliary cruisers
Richard Phillips or Philips (1681–1741) was a British portrait painter.
Phillips was born in London. Their portrait of Edmond Halley (1656-1742) hangs in the National Portrait Gallery, and their portrait of William Lowndes (1652-1724) hangs in the Bank of England.
They also painted John Bennet, 1st Baron Ossulston (1616-1698), Elizabeth Cromwell (1650-1731) Oliver Cromwell's granddaughter (the daughter of Richard Cromwell and Dorothy Mayor), and Sir Thomas Palmer, 4th Baronet, of Wingham (1682-1723)). Mezzotints and engravings after them of Daniel Waterland (1683-1740), Bishop Thomas Wilson (1663-1755), and Mrs Mary Anne Granville are also in the National Portrait Gallery.
They were the father of the painter Charles Philips (c.1703-1748) who became a Rembrandt follower. They had a more prestigious client list than their father.
Phillips died in London.
References
External links
Richard Phillips 2 on artnet
1681 births
1741 deaths
Painters from London
English portrait painters
18th-century English painters
English male painters
"Shoeshine Man" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in March 1970 as the fourth and final single from the album, Homecoming. The song peaked at number 8 on the U.S. country singles chart and at number 10 on the Canadian country singles chart. The rockabilly number tells the story of a shoe-shining harmonica player in Montgomery, Alabama, who professes to be "number one in the land."
Chart performance
References
1970 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
Mercury Records singles
Göçerler, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Amina Salum Ali (born 24 October 1956) is a Tanzanian politician.  They are the African Union former Ambassador to the United States since 2007. Succeeded by Arikana Chihombori Quao who became the second African Union Ambassador to the United States of America in 2017. now is the minister of trade and Industry in Zanzibar Government.
Early life
They were educated at Lumumba Secondary School. They studied economics at the University of Delhi. They also have an MBA in marketing from the University of Pune.
Political career
In June 2015, they declared their candidacy for the presidency in the 2015 election.
References
External links
Why Amina Salum Ali eyes union presidency, Daily News, June 2015.
1956 births
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi politicians
Lumumba Secondary School alumni
Delhi University alumni
Savitribai Phule Pune University alumni
Tanzanian women ambassadors
Ambassadors of Tanzania to the United States
Tanzanian women diplomats
Zanzibari politicians
21st-century Tanzanian women politicians
Dystasia cristata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Warren Samuel Fisher in 1933.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1933
Sean Karam (born 24 August 1969) is an Australian former professional tennis player of Lebanese descent.
Karam, who grew up in Sydney, competed on the satellite tour and debuted for the Lebanon Davis Cup team at the age of 27 in 1997. They played in the Davis Cup until 2002 and now works as a tennis coach in Shanghai.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Australian male tennis players
Lebanese male tennis players
Australian people of Lebanese descent
Tennis players from Sydney
The 1975–76 Winnipeg Jets season was the Jets' fourth season of operation in the World Hockey Association (WHA). After qualifying first in the Canadian Division, the Jets then proceeded to win three rounds of the playoffs to win their first Avco Cup, sweeping the Houston Aeros 4–0 in the final.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
Winnipeg Jets 4, Edmonton Oilers 0
Winnipeg Jets 4, Calgary Cowboys 1
Winnipeg Jets 4, Houston Aeros 0 – Avco Cup Finals
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Awards and records
Transactions
Draft picks
Winnipeg's draft picks at the 1975 WHA Amateur Draft.
Farm teams
See also
1975–76 WHA season
References
External links
Winnipeg Jets (1972–1996) seasons
Winn
Winn
The Salamis Tablet is a marble counting board (an early counting device) dating from around 300 BC, that was discovered on the island of Salamis in 1846. A precursor to the abacus, it is thought that it represents an ancient Greek means of performing mathematical calculations common in the ancient world. Pebbles () were placed at various locations and could be moved as calculations were performed. The marble tablet itself has dimensions of approximately 150 × 75 × 4.5 cm.
Discovery
Originally thought to be a gaming board, the slab of white marble is currently at the Epigraphical Museum in Athens.
Description
Five groups of markings appear on the tablet. The three sets of Greek symbols arranged along the left, right and bottom edges of the tablet are numbers from the acrophonic system. In the center of the tablet – a set of five parallel lines equally divided by a vertical line, capped with a semicircle at the intersection of the bottom-most horizontal line and the single vertical line. Below a wide horizontal crack is another group of eleven parallel lines. These are divided into two sections by a line perpendicular to them but with the semicircle at the top of the intersection; the third, sixth and ninth of these lines are marked with a cross where they intersect with the vertical line.
Numerical representations
As with an abacus, pebbles represent small numbers (generally between zero and four) and a system of lines serves to group them by powers of ten. A pebble between the lines represents half the value of a pebble on the line above it. So a pebble on the first line represents a 1; above the first line is a 5; second line is 10; above the second line is 50; etc.
The vertical line divides positive and negative portions of the Salamis Tablet. Pebbles on the right side of the vertical line represent positive digits and those on the left side of the line represent negative digits.
A complete number is composed of various pebbles on lines and spaces, both on the positive and negative sides. For example, the number 4 might be represented as a pebble above the right side of the first line plus a pebble on the left side of the first line; the pebble on the right side lies between the first and second lines so it counts as a +5, whereas the pebble on the left side of the first line represents a −1, so the two pebbles together represent +4. Likewise, the number 90 might be represented as a pebble on the right side of the third line plus a pebble on the left side of the second line. Note that this way of representing integers corresponds to the set-theoretic (or foundational) construction of the integers as ordered pairs of natural numbers. (Cf. balanced ternary.)
Calculations
On this board, physical markers (indicators) were placed on the various rows or columns that represented different values. The indicators were not physically attached to the board.
On the tablet Greek numbers are represented. Already in the Ionian time period number systems were responsible for the written use, which became necessary because of the expanding commercial activity.
Two different number systems were developed, the older Attic or Herodian number system and the younger, Milesian system.
The two number systems differed in their use: the Attic predominantly served the commercial life for the adjustment of funds and goods data as well as for the designation of the columns on the abacus. For written calculations the Attic numeral system was unsuitable. The Milesian number system, with which one likewise assigned numbers to letters of the alphabet, was better suited for scientific mathematics. For example, Archimedes and Diophantus used the Milesian system.
The Greek writer Herodotus (485–425 BC) reports in their travels through Egypt that the Egyptians calculated from right to left, contrary to the Greek custom of left to right. This may refer to moving pebbles on the counting board.
See also
Roman abacus
References
Further reading
External links
Greek mathematics
Abacus
Archaeological discoveries in Greece
1846 archaeological discoveries
Gateway Regional High School is a regional school district and public high school serving students in seventh through twelfth grades from the boroughs of National Park, Wenonah, Westville and Woodbury Heights, four communities in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 875 students and 81.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 10.7:1. There were 193 students (22.1% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 46 (5.3% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "CD", the sixth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
History
The name "Gateway Regional High School District" was chosen by a study committee in April 1962, using the term "gateway" that had been applied to that portion of the county. The committee was established after the Woodbury Public Schools notified the four sending communities of National Park, Wenonah, Westville and Woodbury Heights—which all had existing K-8 school districts—that their students could no longer be accommodated at Woodbury High School for grades 9-12 after the 1963-64 school year. The district's original plan called for creation of a regional junior high school for grades 7-9 while students already enrolled would continue to attend Woodbury High School for grades 10-12. After an June 1962 referendum was rejected in three of the four municipalities, the district was formally established after a second proposal was passed each of the four communities in December 1962, leading to the establishment of the first board of education.
Voters overwhelmingly approved a May 1963 referendum for $1.6 million (equivalent to $ million in ) to buy the land and construct of a facility on a plot covering that would handle an enrollment of 800 to 1,000 students.
The school opened for the 1964-65 school year.
Awards, recognition and rankings
The school was the 195th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 141st in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 197th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 151st in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 176th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 181st out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (a decrease of 29 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (78.7%) and language arts literacy (93.9%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics
The Gateway Regional High School Gators compete in the Colonial Conference, which is comprised of public high schools in Camden and Gloucester counties, and operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 405 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2022–24 school years as Group I South for most athletic competition purposes. The football team competes in the Royal Division of the 94-team West Jersey Football League superconference and was classified by the NJSIAA as Group I South for football for 2022–2024.
The school participates as the host school / lead agency for joint cooperative cross-country running, co-ed swimming and wrestling teams with Woodbury Junior-Senior High School. These co-op programs operate under agreements scheduled to expire at the end of the 2023–24 school year.
The field hockey team was the South II sectional champion in 1971 and won the South Jersey Group I state sectional championship in 2001.
The 1978 softball team ran their record to 18-3 after winning the Group II state championship by a score of 6-2 in the final of the tournament against a Queen of Peace High School that came into the game undefeated.
The 1992 boys' soccer team finished the season with a record of 21-3 after winning the Group II state championship, defeating Harrison High School by a score of 2-0 in the tournament final.
The boys' baseball team won the 2009 South Jersey Group I NJSIAA state sectional Title, advancing to the Group I tournament where they lost to David Brearley High School 6–2 in the semi-final round.
Administration
Core members of the district and school administration are:
Dr. Shannon Whalen, Superintendent
Donna Contrevo, Business Administrator / Board Secretary
Jeffrey Pierro, Principal
Board of education
The district's board of education, comprised of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district. Seats on the district's board of education are allocated based on the population of the constituent municipalities, with three seats assigned to Westville (the largest community in the district) and two each to National Park, Wenonah and Woodbury Heights.
Notable alumni
Grace Helbig (class of 2003), comedian, actor and internet personality.
Steve Squyres (born 1957), principal investigator for the science payload on the Mars Exploration Rover Project.
Tim Squyres (born 1959), Academy Award-nominated film editor of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Hulk, and Syriana, among others.
Stephen Starr, CEO of Starr Restaurants.
References
External links
Gateway Regional High School
Data for the Gateway Regional High School, National Center for Education Statistics
South Jersey Sports: Gateway HS
1964 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1964
National Park, New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group CD
Public high schools in Gloucester County, New Jersey
School districts in Gloucester County, New Jersey
Wenonah, New Jersey
Westville, New Jersey
Woodbury Heights, New Jersey
Christoffel Brändli (born 7 March 1943) is a Swiss politician. They were a member of the Swiss Council of States from 1995 to 2011. They were a member of the Swiss People's Party. They served as the President of the Council of States for the 2007-2008 term.
Biography
Brändli was born 1943 in Vnà. They finished their primary and secondary education in Landquart. They then studied at the University of St. Gallen, where they graduated in 1971. They were the member of diverse student organisations and a member of the AV Amicitia San Gallensis fraternity.
Brändli is married to Gretursina Brändli. The couple has three children.
They started their career as an academic, teaching commerce at various schools from 1975 to 1983. They were later identified as a business consultant.
Brändli was elected to a local councilor position at Igis-Landquart in 1969. Ten years later, they became the mayor of the municipality, holding this office until 1983. From 1983 to 1995, Brändli was a member of the cantonal government of Grisons. They were elected to the Council of States in 1995 where they represented the canton of Graubünden in Bern for 16 years. They were a member of the commissions on social security (SGK), environment, spatial planning and energy (UREK), and transport and telecommunications (KVF). They were elected as the Swiss President of the Council of States in 2007.
Brändli also became the president of Santésuisse, the Swiss industry organization for health insurers as well as the vice president of the Health Insurance Ombudsman. They attracted attention for suggesting closing down some hospitals in Switzerland, criticizing cantons for subsidizing outdated hospital structures.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20130521225756/http://www.christoffelbraendli.ch/
References
1943 births
Living people
People from Inn District, Switzerland
Swiss People's Party politicians
Members of the Council of States (Switzerland)
Presidents of the Council of States (Switzerland)
University of St. Gallen alumni
Graf Ignatievo (, ) is a village in Maritsa Municipality, southern Bulgaria. As of 2006 it has 2015 inhabitants. The village is named after a Russian diplomat- Count Nikolai Pavlovich Ignatiev, who played an important role as an ambassador of Russia in Istanbul for the conclusion of the Treaty of San Stefano that called for the creation of Greater Bulgaria. There is the major military Graf Ignatievo Air Base of great importance used by the Bulgarian Air Force and the US.
External links
Official webside of the airbase
Several Videoclips
More video
Literature
Villages in Maritsa Municipality
USS Orestes (AGP-10) was a motor torpedo boat tender that served in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946.
Orestes was laid down as landing ship tank USS LST–135 at Chicago Bridge and Iron Company, Seneca, Illinois, on 8 July 1943, and launched on 16 November 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Bernard Sharp. Prior to completion, they were converted into a motor torpedo boat tender at Maryland Drydock Company, Baltimore, Maryland. Redesignated AGP-10, they were commissioned as USS Orestes (AGP–10) on 25 April 1944.
Successfully concluding their shakedown out of Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 23 May 1944, Orestes prepared for World War II duty in the Pacific. Departing Chesapeake Bay on 5 June 1944, they transited the Panama Canal and, after a stop-over at Bora Bora, sailed on to New Guinea. They began motor torpedo boat tending operations at Aitape on 23 August 1944, transferred to Mios Woendi a month later, and on 12 November 1944 joined General Douglas MacArthur's Philippines invasion forces at Leyte. In the Leyte area control of the air was still disputed and Japanese air attacks were numerous. On 24 November 1944 Orestes' gunners got their first confirmed kills, two Mitsubishi A6M “Zeke” (Zero) fighters.
Late on January 4, 1945, while Orestes was in a Mindoro-bound convoy designated "Uncle plus 15" with 30 patrol torpedo boats (PT boats) and 50 other vessels, Japanese planes made life tenuous. On 30 December 1944, an Aichi D3A “Val” dive bomber came in low on the starboard side and crashed into Orestes amidships, causing heavy damage and killing 45 members of their crew. In a series of sweeps by boat PT-350, commanded by Lieutenant Thomas A. Dent (USNR), about 70 men were rescued from the burning Orestes. Fifteen more were plucked from the sea. Lieutenant Dent was awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Medal for heroism in the saving of the lives of American Naval personnel in action. Accompanying landing craft infantry (LCIs) finally brought the resulting fires under control and Orestes was beached. Landing ship tank USS LST-708 later towed Orestes back to Leyte on 27 January 1945, and after temporary repairs Orestes departed Leyte on 24 February 1945 on a slow voyage back to the United States, arriving at Terminal Island, California, on 13 May 1945. There shipyard personnel went to work and 202,500 man-hours of labor later they had completely rejuvenated Orestes.
Orestes departed the United States on a second trip to the Pacific war zone on 8 August 1945, but the war with Japan ended on 15 August 1945 and the Japanese surrender had been formalized (on 2 September 1945) by the time they reached Guinan Harbor, Samar, in the Philippines. Orestes served under the Commander Motor Torpedo Boats, Philippine Sea Frontier, until 17 December 1945, when they sailed eastward with naval passengers for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and the United States, arriving at San Pedro, California, on 3 February 1946.
Orestes made a month-long round trip to the Panama Canal Zone, then was deactivated. They decommissioned on 29 April 1946 at Oakland, California, and was struck from the Navy List on 23 April 1947. They were transferred to the Maritime Commission on 15 March 1948 and then was sold to the Walter W. Johnson Company of San Francisco for scrapping.
Orestes received two battle stars for their World War II service.
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Portunus-class motor torpedo boat tenders
Portunus-class motor torpedo boat tenders converted from LST-1-class ships
Ships built in Seneca, Illinois
Ships built in Baltimore
1943 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Maritime incidents in December 1944
The Energy Commission (), abbreviated ST, was created under the Energy Commission Act 2001 as a new regulator for the energy industry in Peninsular Malaysia and Sabah. The Commission was established to ensure that the energy industry is developed in an efficient manner so that Malaysia is ready to meet the new challenges of globalisation and liberalisation, particularly in the energy supply industry.
The commission regulates and promotes all matters relating to the electricity and gas supply industry within the scope of applicable legislation namely Electricity Supply Act 1990, License Supply Regulation 1990, Gas Supply Act 1993, Electricity Regulation 1994, and Gas Supply Regulation 1997. In performing its role the commission takes the self-regulation approach.
History
Prior to privatisation in 1990, the responsibility for planning and operation of the electricity supply industry in Peninsular Malaysia and Sabah vested in the National Electricity Board and the Sabah Electricity Board respectively while the Electrical Inspectorate Department, under the Ministry of Energy was responsible for licensing of private generation and the safety of electrical installations and equipment. Whereas in Sarawak, the Sarawak Electricity Supply Corporation (SESCO) was the supply authority while the State Inspectorate was responsible for licensing and safety matters in the state.
In 1990, the Electrical Inspectorate Department was abolished and the Department of Electricity Supply formed under the Electricity Supply Act 1990 as the industry and safety regulator of the electricity supply industry in Peninsular and Sabah. However, in Sarawak, the State Electricity Ordinance is still in force providing the State Electrical Inspectorate with the legal power to continue with its regulatory functions.
In 1993, the Department of Gas Supply under the Prime Minister's Department was formed for regulating the gas distribution industry. The Director General of Electricity Supply was also appointed as the Director General of Gas Supply. Administratively, the two departments are jointly known as the Department of Electricity and Gas Supply.
With the anticipation of industry deregulation, the Energy Commission Act 2001 was approved by the parliament to take over the functions of the Department of Electricity and Gas Supply. The Energy Commission was established under this act on 1 May 2001 and became fully operational on 2 January 2002.
Roles and Responsibilities
The Energy Commission is the regulator for the electricity and gas supply industry based on the powers provided by the Energy Commission Act 2001 and other related acts. The following are the roles and responsibilities identified by the Energy Commission:
Economic regulation, which includes to promote efficiency and economy in the generation, production, transmission, distribution, supply and the use of electricity and in the gas supply industry and the use of gas supply through pipelines; promoting and safeguarding competition; enabling fair and efficient market conduct or, in the absence of a competitive market, to prevent the misuse of monopoly or market power in respect of the generation, production, transmission, distribution and supply of electricity and the gas supply industry. It also includes licensing, enforcement of license conditions for licensee and application providers and ensuring compliance to rules and performance/service quality.
Tariff, to ensure that electricity tariff in the country reflect fair pricing which is affordable to consumers and less costly to production industries and commercial enterprises, while allowing a reasonable profit to the utility.
Technical regulation, to achieve secure, reliable, safe system and realisation of fair and transparent conduct of the grid and distribution operator, the development and enforcement of technical codes and standards.
Consumer protection, which emphasizes the empowerment of consumers while at the same time ensures adequate protection measures in areas such as dispute resolution, affordability of services and service availability.
Safety regulation, to protect person(s) from dangers arising from the generation, production, transmission, generation, distribution, supply and use of electricity as provided under the electricity supply laws, arising from the supply of gas through pipelines, and the use of gas as provided under gas supply laws.
Projects
Several energy efficiency projects have been started by the commission, mostly related to efficient electricity generation and use:
Capacity Building in Integrated Resources Planning (IRP) at Government and Related Agencies
Ministry of Energy, Green Technology and Water Low Energy Office (LEO) at Putrajaya
Small Renewable Energy Programme (SREP)
Demand Side Management (DSM)
Energy efficiency campaigns
See also
Biofuel policy of Malaysia
Energy law of Malaysia
Energy policy of Malaysia
References
External links
Energy Commission Act(2001)
Regulation in Malaysia
Energy in Malaysia
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Government agencies established in 2001
Ministry of Energy, Technology, Science, Climate Change and Environment (Malaysia)
Energy regulatory authorities
Provia is a brandname for a pair of daylight-balanced color reversal films (slide film) produced by the Japanese film company Fujifilm. It is currently available in one speed, 100/21°, marketed as Fujichrome Provia 100F Professional [RDP III],. An additional speed of 400/27°, marketed as Fujichrome Provia 400X Professional [RXP], was previously available.
Details
Provia 100F [RDP III] was developed to replace Provia 100 [RDP II] and Provia 400X [RXP] was developed to replace Provia 400F [RHP III], improving on colour image storage permanence and colour fading resistance. Provia has less saturated colors and contrast compared to Velvia.
Provia 100F [RDP III] is available in 135 and 120 formats, as well as rolls and various sheet sizes. Provia 400X was only available in 135 and 120 formats prior to discontinuation.
Both films have the ability to be pushed/pulled from −1/2 stop to +2 stops. Provia is also a favored film for cross processing.
Neither film requires reciprocity compensation between 1/4000 sec and one minute, with Provia 100F [RDP III] able to last up to two minutes. These longer times make the films particularly suitable for multiple exposures.
Provia 400X [RXP] used what Fujifilm described as Epitaxial Sigma Crystal (ESC) technology to achieve a granularity of RMS11.
See also
Sensia
Velvia
Fortia
List of photographic films
References
External links
Fujifilm photographic films
The 2016 Mubadala World Tennis Championship was a non-ATP affiliated exhibition tournament. It was the 8th edition of the Mubadala World Tennis Championship with the world's top players competing in the event, which was held in a knockout format. The winner received a purse of $250,000. The event was held at the Abu Dhabi International Tennis Complex at the Zayed Sports City in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Players
Champion
Rafael Nadal def. Milos Raonic by 7–6(7–2), 6–3
References
External links
Official website
World Tennis Championship
2016 in Emirati tennis
World Tennis Championship
Birds of Prey, also known in the United States as The Perfect Alibi, is a 1930 British mystery film produced and directed by Basil Dean, from a screenplay they co-wrote with A.A. Milne from Milne's play which was known as The Perfect Alibi in the United States and The Fourth Wall in the United Kingdom. The film stars Dorothy Boyd, Robert Loraine, Warwick Ward, C. Aubrey Smith, Frank Lawton, and Robert Loraine, and was produced at Beaconsfield Studios by Associated Talking Pictures.
Plot
At their country estate, Arthur Hilton (C. Aubrey Smith) is regaling their dinner guests of their exploits as a police officer decades earlier in Africa. They key in a case where they had to track down a gang of three men who were suspected of a series of murders. They do stumble on them, but they actually end up capturing him. Fortunately, they were able to talk their way out of that predicament, and later on tracked them down again and captured them. One was hanged for their crimes, while the other two were sentenced to twenty years in prison.
Little does Hilton know that two of their dinner guests, Edward Laverick (Warwick Ward) and Edward Carter (Robert Loraine), are the two men who they sent to prison. They have vowed revenge, and prior to dinner, they exact it, killing Hilton. However, they have planned it to look like a suicide on the part of the elderly aristocrat. Initially, their plot seems successful, as the local constables who arrive to investigate the incident buy into the suicide scenario.
Hilton's nephew, Jimmy Hilton (Frank Lawton), and their girlfriend Mollie (Dorothy Boyd), who also happens to be the ward of the elder Hilton, become suspicious of the story told by the two men, and begin their own investigation. Their questioning leads them to arrive at the truth, and the two murderers are apprehended.
Cast
Dorothy Boyd as Mollie Cunningham
Nigel Bruce as Major Fothergill
Audrey Carten as Jane
David Hawthorne as Sergeant Joe Mallet
Ellis Jeffreys as Elizabeth Green
Robert Loraine as Edward Pontifex Carter
Frank Lawton as Jimmy Hilton
Tom Reynolds as Police Constable Mallet
C. Aubrey Smith as Arthur Hilton
Warwick Ward as Edward Laverick
Jack Hawkins as Alfred
(Cast list as per AFI and BFI databases)
Reception
Mordaunt Hall of The New York Times gave the film a lukewarm review, praising several of the players, particularly Smith and Ward, while questioning the abilities of some of the other actors, such as Loraine. They felt the direction was uneven, stating the overall production, "may not be endowed with imaginative direction, but, because of the author's intriguing story and C. Aubrey Smith's excellent performance, it succeeds in being an entertaining study of a cool, calculating murderer".
Notes
Rupert Downing also contributed to the screenplay.
The film's art direction was by Clifford Pember.
Jack Hawkins made their screen debut in this film.
The play on which this film is based was produced in London at the Haymarket Theatre in 1928. The play, under the title, The Perfect Alibi, was produced on Broadway at the Charles Hopkins Theatre on Broadway from November 1928 through July 1929.
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. Filmmaking in the 1930s Britain. George Allen & Unwin, 1985.
Perry, George. Forever Ealing. Pavilion Books, 1994.
Wood, Linda. British Films, 1927-1939. British Film Institute, 1986.
External links
1930 films
British mystery drama films
British crime drama films
1930s mystery drama films
1930 crime drama films
1930s English-language films
British films based on plays
Films based on works by A. A. Milne
Films directed by Basil Dean
Films set in England
Films shot in Buckinghamshire
Associated Talking Pictures
Films shot at Beaconsfield Studios
RKO Pictures films
American mystery drama films
American black-and-white films
British black-and-white films
1930s American films
1930s British films
Michel de Sèvre or de Seurre (active 1539–1593) was a member of the Knights Hospitaller, a French courtier and diplomat, and Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus from 1564 to 1578 and from 1586 to 1593.
Early life
Michel de Sèvre was born in Lumigny-en-Brie, the son of Antoine de Sèvre, lord of Ville-du-Bois in the parish of Lumigny, and of Louise de Verdelot, daughter of Georges de Verdelot, lord of Prèz, and Catherine de Sailly, lady of Mersan.
On June 11, 1539, they entered the Knights Hospitaller in the Grand Priory of France.
Career
In 1560, de Sèvre was Ordinary Gentleman of the King's Chamber, King's Chamberlain, Counselor in their Privy Council and captain of fifty men-at-arms. That year they were sent to the court of Queen Elizabeth I of England as ambassador of King Francis II of France, to negotiate the withdrawal of French and English forces from Scotland. They are, at the time, a royal chamberlain, privy councillor, and captain of a company of men at arms. They continued in office as ambassador until 1562, when they were recalled by King Charles IX of France.
In 1564 they were appointed Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus, serving in that capacity until 1578, and then again from 1586 to 1593.
Seigneur de Sèvre was known for their cynical and caustic wit. In 1584 they were physically assaulted in the council chamber by King Henry III of France, for a perceived insult.
References
Bibliography
Sèvre, Michel de. A Knight of Malta at the Court of Elizabeth I: The Correspondence of Michel de Seure, French Ambassador, 1560-1561. Camden Fifth Series, v. 45. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press for the Royal Historical Society, 2014.
16th-century French people
People of the Tudor period
Knights Hospitaller
Ambassadors of France to England
16th-century French diplomats
Recipients of the Order of Saint Lazarus
Grand Masters of the Order of Saint Lazarus
Than Tun () is a common Burmese name, and may refer to:
Thakin Than Tun (1911-1968): Burmese politician and leader of Communist Party of Burma
Than Tun (1923-2005): Burmese historian, leading authority in the history of Pagan Dynasty, winner of Fukuoka Asian Culture Prize
Salai Than Tun (1928-): Burmese academic and political dissident.
Than Tun (boxer) (b. 1941), Burmese boxer
The Hunter 35.5 Legend is an American sailboat, designed as a cruiser and introduced in 1989.
The Hunter 35.5 Legend is a development of the Hunter 35 Legend, which it replaced in production in 1989.
Production
The design was built by Hunter Marine in the United States between 1989 and 1995.
Design
The Hunter 35.5 Legend is a small recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a fractional sloop rig, a raked stem, a reverse transom, an internally-mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed winged keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard winged keel fitted.
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar 3GM diesel engine of . The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of .
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
Related development
Hunter 35 Legend
Similar sailboats
C&C 34/36
C&C 35
C&C 36R
Cal 35
Cal 35 Cruise
Express 35
Hughes 36
Hughes-Columbia 36
Hunter 356
Island Packet 35
Landfall 35
Mirage 35
Niagara 35
Southern Cross 35
References
External links
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat types built by Hunter Marine
Herbert Francis Lister (4th Oct 1939 – July 2007) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre-forward.
They began their career with Manchester City before signing for Oldham Athletic where they made 153 appearances. They later signed for Rochdale, making 56 appearances and scoring 16 goals. They later played for Stockport County and Altrincham.
Post football
After retiring from football they ran a newsagents and post office, as well as working as a taxi driver.
References
1939 births
2007 deaths
English footballers
Manchester City F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
People from Miles Platting
Association football forwards
WCPA (900 AM) is an American radio station licensed to Clearfield, Pennsylvania, the seat of government for Clearfield County. WCPA is owned and operated by Kristin Cantrell, through licensee Southern Belle, LLC. WCPA broadcasts with a power output of 2,500 watts day; and 500 watts night.
History
WCPA was the first of three radio properties once owned by Progressive Publishing, first going on the air back in 1947. Though it had always broadcast at its current frequency, this station would not be granted nighttime power authorization until 1990, when it undertook a major engineering project.
Prior to this, WCPA enjoyed a reputation as an immediate and reliable source for breaking local news, largely through the newspaper cross-ownership. This alliance resulted in many awards for the quality of their local newscasts. Wishing to expand their reach into other markets, Progressive also purchased WDAD Indiana, Pennsylvania in 1958 and WMAJ State College at around the same time. Both WDAD and WMAJ experienced massive growth while under Progressive's ownership.
In the mid 1960s, the FCC approved a round of low-powered Class A FM drop-in channels to spur growth on that band among AM broadcasters who were reluctant to take the financial risk involved with the unpopular technology. Progressive successfully applied for three FM channels in their respective markets, with WCPA's FM sister, WQYX coming on the air at 93.5 (now at 93.1) on July 12, 1967.
1980s: Progressive divestiture
In the late 1980s, Progressive decided to reduce its footprint and sold their properties in State College and Indiana, both in Pennsylvania. Sales of both stations generated close to $5 million by the end of the decade. With this new capital, Progressive decided to put a sizable investment into WCPA's future. Prior to 1990, it had been a single-tower non-directional daytime-only AM station operating at a thousand watts.
Progressive successfully applied for a construction permit to build a new transmitter and tower site. Two new towers were built for a directional-antenna pattern that would allow the station to operate at more than double its current power during the day, with nighttime power at 500 watts. The low dial position allowed WCPA to be heard clearly at night throughout Clearfield County, and parts of Centre County.
WCPA today
Until 2010, WCPA, along with WQYX, operated at 110 Healy Street in downtown Clearfield. In October 2006, Progressive Publishing sold WCPA and WQYX to First Media, owners of Q102 in DuBois, for $750,000. On May 1, 2010, WCPA/WQYX held a "yard sale" to liquidate its 30-year collection of 45s and albums, as well as electronics, office supplies, etc., in preparation for the demolition of the building. The offices/studios are now co-located with WIFT/WQQP at 801 E DuBois Ave in Du Bois, PA. Effective January 3, 2017, First Media sold WCPA, WOWQ, WQYX, WZDB, and WZDD to Southern Belle, LLC for $4.5 million.
On August 15, 2018, WCPA rebranded as "Passport Radio". The change occurred at the same time as WCPA launched their new FM translator at 98.5 FM, W253CU. By this point, the station was airing a broad 1960s to 1980s classic hits format.
Weekday Programming
6 a.m. to 10 a.m. - Captain Keener
10 a.m. to 3 p.m. - Chris Randolph
3 p.m. to 7 p.m. - Nancy Plum
7 p.m. to 12 a.m. - The Night Shift with Craig Allen
Saturday Programming
6 a.m. to 10 a.m. - America's Greatest Hits with Scott Shannon
10 a.m. to 11 a.m. - Beatle's Brunch with Joe Johnson
3 p.m. to 8 p.m. - Retromix with Joe Vinyl and Christian Wheel
Sunday Programming
6 p.m. to 9 p.m. - Nina Blackwood's Absolutely 80s
References
External links
CPA
Radio stations established in 1947
1947 establishments in Pennsylvania
Classic hits radio stations in the United States
Çitköy is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Jana Nejedly (born June 9, 1974 as Jana Nejedlá) is a Czech-born Canadian former professional tennis player. Them highest WTA singles ranking is 64th, which they reached on October 2, 2000. Them career high in doubles was at 227 set on August 12, 1996.
Born in Prague and raised in Vancouver, Nejedly resided in Toronto, Boston, and Naples, Florida at different times. Nejedly retired in 2003 but had a brief return in 2012. They would finally retire for the last time that July.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 12 (8–4)
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Canadian female tennis players
Canadian people of Czech descent
Czechoslovak emigrants to Canada
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Tennis players from Boston
Sportspeople from Naples, Florida
Sportspeople from Prague
Sportspeople from Vancouver
Racket sportspeople from British Columbia
Tennis players from Toronto
People with acquired Canadian citizenship
Living Loud was a supergroup who included bass player and songwriter Bob Daisley, Uriah Heep drummer Lee Kerslake, guitarist Steve Morse of Deep Purple and Cold Chisel singer Jimmy Barnes. Deep Purple keyboards player Don Airey made a guest appearance.
According to the liner notes of the self-titled album, the project was instigated by Daisley who had discussed with Kerslake the possibility of "re-doing some of the songs from the classic rock albums that they had co-written". Six of those songs, "I Don't Know", "Crazy Train", "Flying High Again", "Mr. Crowley", "Tonight" and "Over the Mountain" originally appeared on the Ozzy Osbourne albums Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman. In 2002, Osbourne had re-issued both albums with Daisley and Kerslake's original performances replaced by new bass and drum tracks after both men had sued the singer for non-payment of royalties and related issues (despite playing on Diary of a Madman, Daisley and Kerslake's performances were credited to Rudy Sarzo and Tommy Aldridge for many years).
In August 2003, Daisley, Kerslake, Barnes and Morse recorded the album in Florida. Along with the Osbourne songs, the group also wrote five new tracks. Airey (who had also worked on the first two Osbourne albums and whose contributions were also uncredited) recorded their parts in London. Living Loud was released in 2004. While Morse and Airey were touring Australia with Deep Purple that year, Living Loud played two live shows, one at the Metro in Melbourne, and one at Fox Studios in Sydney. The latter event was recorded and released on DVD in 2005.
Discography
Living Loud (2003/2004)
Live in Sydney 2004 (2005, 2CD/DVD)
Personnel
Jimmy Barnes - vocals
Bob Daisley - bass
Steve Morse - guitar
Lee Kerslake - drums
Don Airey - keyboards
External links
Official Site
Hard rock musical groups from Florida
Doymuşören, Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Baba Ramdev may refer to:
Ramdev (born 1965), Indian yoga guru, business person and founder of Patanjali Ayurved
Baba Ramdevji, a folk deity of Rajasthan in India
Baba Ramdev (film), a Rajasthani language movie based on the life of Baba Ramdevji
Stondon is a civil parish located in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England. The parish includes the settlements of Lower Stondon and Upper Stondon.
The name "Stondon" derives from the Saxon word meaning Stone Hill. The parish itself however was only created in 1985 after an amalgamation of the Lower and Upper Stondon civil parishes.
Stondon is mentioned in the Domesday Book. The entry is as follows: Standone: St Benedict's of Ramsey; Engelhere from Azelina, Ralph Tailbois' wife.
Its services consist of a golf club and bistro, several hairdressers, a transport museum, Stondon Lower School and more.
References
External links
Stondon Village website
Stondon Parish Council Website
Villages in Bedfordshire
Civil parishes in Bedfordshire
Central Bedfordshire District
Nepal Nag (19 September 1909 — 4 October 1978) was a prominent Bengali communist politician. They took active part in Indian independence movement.
Early life
Nag was born on 1909 in Tejgaon, Dhaka in British India. Their real name is Shailesh Chandra Nag. Their father's name was Suresh Chandra Nag.
Revolutionary movement
In 1923 Nag joined in Leela Roy's Srisangha, a nationalist organisation of undivided Bengal. They participated revolutionary movement after passing I.A. Nag was first arrested on 21 April 1932 and was sent to Deuli prison camp for seven years. In jail they took part in Communist consolidation and was attracted to the ideology of Marxism by a senior revolutionary Rebati Barman. After release in 1938 they joined in the Communist Party of India. After the Partition of India in 1947, they secretly led the East Pakistan Provincial Communist Party under the pseudonym Rahman Bhai for a long time from 1947 to 1972. They were the founder of the trade union movement of Narayanganj. Thereafter Nag became the General Secretary of East Pakistan Provincial Communist Party and represented the party at the 1970 World Communist Conference in Moscow. They also represented the Communist Party of East Pakistan at the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of Russia in 1971. They posthumously received Friends of liberation war award 2012 from the Bangladesh Government.
References
1909 births
1978 deaths
People from Dhaka District
Pakistani politicians
Pakistani trade union leaders
Communist Party of Bangladesh politicians
Bangladeshi Marxists
Bangladeshi Hindus
Prisoners and detainees of British India
Hollyford Valley is a valley in Fiordland, New Zealand, in the southwest of the South Island. It is named for the Hollyford River, which runs north-north-west along its length from the Southern Alps to the Tasman Sea. Beech forest dominates both the slopes and the bottom of the valley.
Historically very remote, there is still only one road into the valley, Milford Road, which approaches the valley from the south from Te Anau, but turns towards Homer's Saddle into Milford Sound long before reaching the coast. The turnoff site, a former roadworkers camp, sports a small museum and is a starting point for a number of tramping (hiking) routes, with about 2,000 people per year exploring the Hollyford Valley backcountry.
Hollyford River
The Hollyford River drains the valley to Martins Bay on the Tasman Sea
Hollyford Track
The Hollyford Track gives tourist access to the valley
Davey Gunn
From 1936 the attractions of the Hollyford Valley were promoted by local farmer and resident, David Gunn.
Haast-Hollyford road
In 2010, plans resurfaced to construct a road from this turnoff towards Haast, following first the river and then travelling along the rugged coastline. Such a road had previously been mooted as far back as the 1870s, but had always been considered too costly, and the benefits too remote. However, a privately funded report estimates that a toll road could be built for between $225–315 million. The proponents claim that the road should have "Road of National Significance" status, as it would be useful for tourism in the area, and could reduce the time it takes to travel to Milford Sound, a major constraint on local tourism growth. However, the road plan is being criticised by conservation groups, some who consider it a "smokescreen" for more commercial exploitation of the National Park areas, linking it to plans by the National Party to allow mining on conservation land again.
In early March 2010, the government announced that at the current proposed cost, and with the level of tourism benefits likely, the road was a low priority project, and the proposal would not be taken further at this stage.
Milford Dart Tunnel
A proposal for a Milford Dart Tunnel private coach road was approved in principle by the Minister for Conservation in 2012, against the advice of the relevant regional conservation boards. There is concern that the project could impact the river and the valley's previously isolated botany and fauna, in particular that run-off from the tunnel construction site might foul the pristine Hollyford River.
The proposal has been slightly amended since its introduction in 2011 but concern remains that making the unspoilt natural area, which attracts more adventurous sightseers and hikers, more road accessible may compromise both conservation and, in the longer term, the attractiveness of the remote area.
References
External links
Hollyford Valley at the Department of Conservation
Valleys of New Zealand
Landforms of Fiordland
Landforms of Otago
The Journal of Experimental Nanoscience is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering original (primary) research and review articles on all aspects of nanoscience. It is published bimonthly by Taylor & Francis. The editor-in-chief is Nick Quirke (Imperial College).
Scope
The Journal of Experimental Nanoscience covers research in the experimental sciences related to nanotechnology and nanomaterials, in research areas such as biology, physics, chemistry, chemical engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, materials, pharmaceuticals, and medicine.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Experimental Nanoscience is abstracted and indexed in:
Chemical Abstracts Service
Science Citation Index
Web of Science
Scopus
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 3.075.
References
External links
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Publications established in 2006
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Nanotechnology journals
Daniel Pe'er (born Daniel Freudenreich, ; January 2, 1943 – September 28, 2017) was an Israeli television host and newsreader.
Early life
Daniel Freudenreich was born in Jerusalem, British Mandate of Palestine, to a Jewish family. They studied at Balfour school and the Ironi Aleph High School in Tel Aviv.
They served in the Israel Defense Forces as a psychotechnical interviewer.
They majored in Hebrew literature and English linguistics at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, and received a teaching certificate in English, where they continued their graduate studies at the Institute of Communication.
Career
1955–1969
They began their career at the age of 12, on a program for youth, "Everything in Everything," as part of the Tel Aviv Children's Ulpan of Kol Yisrael. Participated in the presentation of the program "Hetz and Keshet - the microphone to the Gadna Authority" on Galei Tzahal, as a member of the Gadna troop.
In 1962, immediately after their discharge from the IDF, Pe'er was accepted as a news anchor and served as a news anchor and presented many programs, including "Diary of the Week" and "Radio Ten", which won them the IBA Prize.
In 1969 they were appointed head of the announcer section. In 1966-67 they worked as an editor, reporter, and broadcaster in the Hebrew Department of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Me. si. In London.
1970–1995
They began their career on television in 1970 as a presenter on the program "Headline and Margins". In 1971, they completed their radio career and moved to the television news section.
Over the years they have presented Mabat , Boker Tov Israel, special reports and news flashes, and served at different times as the head of the foreign news desk, the head of the training desk and the sub-editor of Mabat.
For ten years, between 1973 and 1983 they were identified with the consumer program Kolbotek, which was one of its founders and first mentor, with whom they were twice awarded the violin prize.
In 1979, Pe'er hosted the twenty fourth Eurovision Song Contest held in Jerusalem alongside Yardena Arazi. Pe'er continued to be associated with Eurovision, hosting Kdam Eurovision (the Israeli heat to choose the artist to represent Israel), which they hosted from 1981 until 1983 and again in 1986, they also gave the Israeli results out in 1992 and 1995 and provided the Israeli radio commentary on several occasions.
On February 16, 1983, Pe'er and Dalia Mazor presented the first edition of Mabat in color.
On December 13, 1987, they directed and co-edited a new program on transportation called "Wheels". Later, their name was changed to "On Wheels" and it was aired until 1994.
From 1983 to 1985 they served as an educational emissary of the Jewish National Fund in Canada.
In 1989-1990 they dubbed the character of the narrator in the children's series "Amiko and their friends".
1996–2013
In 1998, in the Jubilee year, they presided over the Israel Prize ceremony.
In 2003 they were crowned the Movement for Quality Government.
In 2006–2007, they presented a corner called "The Day Before Me" on "Kach Heu".
Peer retired at the end of January 2010, after 48 years of broadcasting .
In the years 2010-2013 they joined the staff of the "Tal Kerem" program - Community Television Beit Hakerem Community Center, Jerusalem .
Personal life
Pe'er died on 28 September 2017 after a stroke at Jerusalem's Shaare Zedek Medical Center.
They were married and had four children. One of their sons, Yaron Pe'er, is a presenter for the Israeli Shopping Channel (Channel 21).
See also
Television in Israel
References
External links
1943 births
2017 deaths
Israeli television personalities
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Channel 1 (Israel) people
Israeli Jews
Riû is the third album released by fado singer Cuca Roseta. It was released in 2015 by Universal Music Portugal. It was produced by Nelson Motta. The album extended beyond the fado tradition and included songs written for Rosetta by Bryan Adams and Djavan. Roseta described it as "a happy album with so many positive lyrics and revealing the other face of fado, intense but hopeful".
Track listing
Riû Riû
Tudo Por Tudo Our All
Quem Sou 'Who I Am
Amor Ladrão Thieving Love
Carnaval Carnival
Primavera Em Lisboa Spring In Lisboa
Lisboa De Agora Lisboa Right Now
O Amor Não é Somente Amor Love Isn't Just Love
Verdes São Os Campos The Fields Are Green
Canto Do Coração The Song Of The Heart
Ser E Côr Being And Color
Tanto So Much
E La Chiamano Estate And They Call It Summer
Rua Da Oração Rua Da Oração
De Onde Vens Where Do You Come From
Ser Artista To Be An Artist''
References
Cuca Roseta albums
2015 albums
Portuguese-language albums
Universal Music Group albums
David Neumark (1866–1924) was a German-American rabbi and professor of Jewish philosophy. They authored several notable works on Jewish philosophy and Jewish law, and served as a professor at Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Biography
Neumark was born in Shchyrets (Szczerzec), Galicia (present day Ukraine) and was married to Mrs Dora Turnheim Neumark (1878-1959). Their children were Salomea (Sally) Brainin, Martha Neumark Montor, and Immanuel K. Neumark.
Neumark's daughter Martha (1904–1981) was a notable early figure in the history of women's ordination as rabbis. Neumark was widely reported to be the first Jewish woman to be accepted into a rabbinical school.
Prior to their move to the United States, Neumark served as the rabbi in Rakovník and received their doctorate from the University of Berlin. In 1907, Hebrew Union College President Kaufmann Kohler appointed Neumark to the college faculty where they became chair of philosophy and served until their death in 1924.
In 1919, Neumark served as the founding editor of a scholarly quarterly Journal of Jewish Lore and Philosophy. The journal was later renamed The Hebrew Union College Annual.
Views
Neumark viewed that elements mythology and irrationalism were always present within Judaism, and considered that Kabbalah emerged in the twelfth and thirteenth century in response to the cultural and religious atmosphere created by Jewish rationalism. Kabbalah then transformed philosophical terminology into mystical symbols.
Neumark supported the ordination of women as rabbis, and supported their daughter Martha Neumark to study for the rabbinate.
Selected works
Neumark, D. (1907-1910). Geschichte der Judischen Philosophie des Mittelalters, Berlin: G. Reimer. 2 Vols. (later translated to Hebrew as Toledot ha-Filosofyah be-Yisrael).
Neumark, D. (1908). Jehuda Hallevi's Philosophy in Its Principles. Cincinnati: Hebrew Union College Press.
Neumark, D. (1918). The Philosophy of the Bible. Ark Publishing Company.
Neumark, D. (1929). Essays in Jewish Philosophy. New York: Central Conference of American Rabbis.
See also
Jacob Zallel Lauterbach
References
1924 deaths
1866 births
People from Galicia (Eastern Europe)
Reform rabbis
Hebrew Union College faculty
Mary Point Estate is a historic property located on the north coast of Saint John, United States Virgin Islands on Mary's Point. The plantation was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on May 22, 1978.
History
The land on which Mary Point Estate is located was originally held by Danish West India and Guinea Company officials during the early years of Danish settlement. Not being prime land for planting, the land was held until new settlers needed property. The van Stell family was the first controlling landholding on Mary's Point.
In the aftermath of the 1733 slave insurrection on St. John, Franz Claasen was deeded the Mary's Point estate for alerting the family of the rebellion and assisting in their escape to St. Thomas, a nearby island. Franz Claasen's land deed was recorded on August 20, 1738, by Jacob van Stell. Claasen was the first "Free Colored" landowner on St. John.
Augustus Kragh and the Grancis family were owners of the Mary Point Estate during the late 18th century. Hans Hendrik Berg, a governor and president of St. John and St. Thomas, was an owner of the Mary Point Estate during the 19th century. During this time an L-shaped factory and the one-story Great House were constructed on the property. In addition to the Great House, a servant's quarters, farm building, and cemetery remain.
Gallery
References
External links
LOC.gov: HABS−Historic American Buildings Survey of Estate Mary Point, Great House, Adrian, St. John, Virgin Islands
HABS: Estate Mary Point, Great House drawings
HABS: Estate Mary Point, Great House photos
Wikimedia Commons: Great House at Estate Mary Point images
Plantations in the United States Virgin Islands
National Register of Historic Places in Virgin Islands National Park
Saint John, U.S. Virgin Islands
Ruins in the United States
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States Virgin Islands
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States Virgin Islands
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States Virgin Islands
1770s establishments in North America
1770s establishments in the Caribbean
1770s establishments in Denmark
18th century in the Danish West Indies
19th century in the Danish West Indies
Callimetopus ornatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Schultze in 1934. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1934
Chingad () is a rural municipality located in Surkhet District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Surkhet District
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Queens Liberation Front (QLF) was a homophile group primarily focused on transvestite rights advocacy organization in New York City. QLF was formed in 1969 and active in the 1970s. They published Drag Queens: A Magazine About the Transvestite beginning in 1971. The Queens Liberation Front collaborated with a number of other LGBTQ+ activist groups, including the Gay Activists Alliance and the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries.
Formation
Queens Liberation Front was founded as Queens by Lee Brewster in 1969. At their first ball in February 1969, Brewster announced plans to form the group, with October 31, 1969 (Halloween, a particularly popular holiday in the drag community) to be its formal founding date.
The organization was founded in part to oppose the relegation of drag queens to the back of the March at the first Christopher Street Liberation Day in June 1970. In protest, the street queens from STAR moved to the front and marched at the front of the parade anyway.
Activities
Queens Liberation Front participated in many activities to advocate for the rights of LGBT people, particularly transvestites. The organization also participated in LGBT events such as the LGBT Pride March. Members sometimes wore drag while lobbying New York state legislators.
The organization often collaborated with other local LGBT organizations, such as Gay Activists Alliance and Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries.
In the early 1970s, the organizations successfully used litigation to overturn a New York City ordinance against cross-dressing.
In 1973, Queens Liberation Front agreed to a compromise amendment to New York City's anti-discrimination ordinance that added sexual orientation to the ordinance, but clarified the ordinance did not cover cross-dressing. The organization's director, Bebe Scarpie, met with the bill's sponsor at City Hall and agreed to the compromise. The organization's lawyer, Richard Levidow, believed the exclusionary clause violated the United States Constitution and was therefore unenforceable.
Lesbian Feminist Liberation opposed the performance by drag queens at the 1973 LGBT Pride March in New York City. As they passed out flyers, Sylvia Rivera, of Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries, took the microphone from emcee Vito Russo and spoke against this sentiment, delivering a speech about spending time in jail, and being harassed and beaten by the straight men who were preying on all the members of the gay community. Rivera ended by leading a chant for "Gay Power!" Lesbian Feminist Liberation's Jean O'Leary then read a statement on behalf of 100 women that read, in part, "We support the right of every person to dress in the way that they or they wish. But we are opposed to the exploitation of women by men for entertainment or profit." Queens Liberation Front's Lee Brewster replied in support of drag and the drag queens in the community. The increasingly angry crowd only calmed when Bette Midler, who heard on the radio in their Greenwich Village apartment, arrived, took the microphone, and began singing "Friends". This was one of several events in early 1970s where lesbian feminists, gay men, and drag queens at times found themselves in conflict; while other events, such as those led by the GLF women's caucus, often had harmonious participation between these sometimes contentious factions.
See also
Gay Activists Alliance
History of lesbianism in the United States
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City
Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries
References
External links
Drag Queens: A Magazine About the Transvestite issue 1 on the Digital Transgender Archive
1969 establishments in New York City
LGBT political advocacy groups in New York (state)
Organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 1969
Transgender rights in the United States
Tren may mean:
Tris(2-aminoethyl)amine, a coordination chemistry compound
Trenbolone, a veterinary steroid
Tren, a 1978 Yugoslav film
See also
train
The red-rumped tinkerbird (Pogoniulus atroflavus) is a species of bird in the Lybiidae family (African barbets).
It is widely spread across the African tropical rainforest.
References
red-rumped tinkerbird
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
red-rumped tinkerbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Christian Unity Party (, KSP) was a conservative Christian and fundamentalist political party in Norway without parliamentary representation. The party's ideology is based on literal interpretation of the Bible, traditional values, and opposition to reforms in the Church of Norway.
History and ideology
The Christian Unity Party was founded on 26 September 1998 with the merging of the New Future Coalition Party and the Christian Conservative Party. The party won a single representative in the Kautokeino municipal council in the 1999 local elections.
The party's first years were marked by internal strife, mainly due to conflict over whether women should be allowed to hold posts in the party. Party leader Ivar Kristianslund was against women holding posts, but gained little support for this position and founded a fundamentalist splinter party after a court ruled in 2001 that Ørnulf Nandrup was the legitimate new leader of the party. During Kristianslund's leadership the party's ideology maintained that the Constitution of Norway was a gift from God to the Norwegian nation, stressed the divine right of the King of Norway, and wanted to abolish parliamentarism and restore Norway's original political system as of 1814. The party had around 1,000 members before the split.
After this the party has said that its ideology is very different from what it was in its early days, but the party still maintains strongly conservative Christian policies, holding the Bible as the highest authority of society. The party focuses on moral Christian values such as the traditional family and protection of the weak, and the party opposes abortion, same-sex marriage and immigration, especially from Islamic countries. The party supports economic liberalism, which it believes is most in accordance with the Bible. In foreign policy it is opposed to Norway joining the European Union, wants Norway to withdraw from the European Economic Area and the Schengen Agreement, and instead maintains strong support for the United States, NATO and Israel.
In the 2009 election campaign, pastor Jan-Aage Torp, the top candidate for Oslo, produced a graphic anti-abortion video that was shown three nights in a row on the TV 2 evening news, due to its controversial nature. The party has also received attention as segments of the party have appeared as members of radical anti-Islam groups.
Ahead of the 2015 local elections the party announced that it would suspend all its activities after agreeing to cooperate with The Christians Party following 67% of its members voting to join the larger party.
Elections
Parliamentary election results
Party leaders
Ivar Kristianslund (1998–2001)
Ørnulf Nandrup (2001–2010)
Morten Selven (2010–)
References
External links
Kristent Samlingsparti (Christian Unity Party) - Official website
Christian democratic parties in Norway
Political parties established in 1998
Conservative parties in Norway
Protestant political parties
Anti-Islam sentiment in Europe
Islamophobia in Europe
Anti-abortion organisations in Norway
1998 establishments in Norway
Pale Gray for Guilt (1968) is the ninth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot revolves around McGee's investigation into the death of their close friend Tush Bannon, who they suspect has been murdered because of their refusal to sell their waterfront property to developers. In terms of series continuity, Pale Gray for Guilt is particularly important in that it involves a love interest, Puss Killian, who is central to the final book: The Lonely Silver Rain.
Synopsis
When McGee visits Tush Bannon, their wife Janine and their children at their motel/marina, they find the business in trouble. Tush explains that the local authorities are making life difficult for them by such means as introducing roadworks on the only access road. Pressure is being put on the Bannons by a well-connected local business person, Preston LaFrance, to sell to a large corporation that wants to develop the land for industrial use. Most of the income they have left is from a few houseboats, one of which is rented to Arlie Denn and their husband, hippies who make a small living selling handicrafts.
The next time McGee sees Tush, they bump into one another at a bar, where Tush is in conversation with a smart young woman named Mary Smith. They tell McGee that Smith is an agent for an entrepreneur named Gary Santo, who wants to acquire the whole parcel of land. Tush has appealed to both LaFrance and Santo without success; they are not interested in their personal circumstances and are prepared to put them out of business to get what they want. Tush cannot afford to sell their land at the deflated price now being offered. All they can do now is to resume their old job as a salesperson.
When McGee next goes to call on the Bannons, they find the motel and marina closed down, and learns that Tush was found dead on the premises the previous day, apparently having committed suicide by releasing a heavy hoist onto their own head. Suspecting foul play, McGee investigates further and learns that Tush's wife Janine, having been forced to leave the property by bailiffs, has gone to stay with an old friend, Connie Alvarez, and is not yet aware of their husband's death. Satisfied that Tush did not kill himself, McGee begins a campaign to help Janine and their children financially whilst seeking revenge on those whom they hold responsible.
With help from their friend Meyer, McGee builds up an elaborate scam. They con LaFrance into buying the Bannon land at an inflated price and the profits are used to buy Janine shares in Fletchers, a company whose stocks Meyer knows to be over-priced. McGee then obtains an introduction to Gary Santo through Mary Smith, avoiding the latter's sexual advances by pretending to be away setting up a deal. They persuade Santo to invest heavily in Fletchers, thus artificially boosting the share price, selling off Janine's shares when the market peaks. McGee's girlfriend, Puss Killian, also plays a part in the scam, but then disappears, leaving a mysterious note of apology, saying that their affair is at an end.
In the meantime, McGee has been arrested by the local sheriff on suspicion of involvement in Tush Bannon's murder. Testifying against them is Arlie Denn, who witnessed the murder and has been bought off by the murderer, Freddy Hazzard, a junior deputy related to LaFrance. Hazzard, who had set up the suicide scenario after accidentally killing Tush by an over-enthusiastic beating, goes on the run when Arlie changes their story, but reappears later on McGee's boat, The Busted Flush, where they take Janine hostage and subjects them and McGee to an ordeal of several hours imprisonment, their plan being to sink the boat with them in it and get away on its small speedboat. McGee manages to get free, but is shot in the shoulder by Hazzard, who is then killed by Janine with a blow from a fire extinguisher. Wishing to avoid publicity, McGee and Janine agree to bury Hazzard at sea and they spend some time together on a fake holiday before returning to base, where McGee is confronted by Santo and Smith. Learning how they have been stung, Santo fires Smith, but they quickly lose interest in McGee. A message of explanation from Puss Killian makes them resolve to stay away from women for the foreseeable future, and they are left alone with Meyer to resume their usual way of life.
Themes
The title phase, "Pale Gray for Guilt" is not mentioned directly in the book, but similar phrases are used. In the first edition, on Page 39, Tush Bannon's wife states, "I'm going to look at some nice gray skin. Gray and pale, oily and guilty as hell." Later on Page 183, MacDonald writes, "And I watched the gray appear. That gray like a wet stone. Gray for fright. Gray for guilt. Gray for despair."
McGee procures $60,000 from one of the characters using a Pigeon Drop scheme with the help of Meyer who assumes the semi-pseudonym of "Dr. G. Ludweg Meyer." Later on, Meyer presents McGee with $25,000 in stock gains from investments in Fletcher Industries.
References
1968 American novels
Travis McGee (novel series)
A hakapik () is a club, of Norwegian design, used for killing seals. The hakapik is a multipurpose hunting tool—a heavy wooden club, with a hammer head (used to crush a seal's skull), and a hook (used to drag away the carcass) on the end.
Regulation Canadian hakapiks consist of a metal ferrule that weighs at least 340 g (12 oz) with a slightly bent spike not more than 14 cm (5.5 in) in length on one side of the ferrule and a blunt projection not more than 1.3 cm (0.5 in) in length on the opposite side of the ferrule and that is attached to a wooden handle that measures not less than 105 cm (3.4 ft) and not more than 153 cm (5 ft) in length and not less than 3 cm and not more than 5.1 cm (2 in) in diameter.
The hakapik is favored by sealers because it allows them to kill the seal without damaging the pelt. Further, studies by American veterinary scientists on the use of the hakapik on the seal hunt carried out on Pribilof Islands of Alaska suggested that it is an efficient tool designed to kill the animal quickly and humanely when used correctly. A report by members of the Canadian Veterinary Medical Association in September 2002 confirmed this claim.
See also
Seal hunting
Pickaroon
References and notes
Tools
Clubs (weapon)
Seal hunting
Max Rauffer (born 8 May 1972 in Kolbermoor) is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1972 births
Living people
German male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Germany
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
20th-century German people
People from Kolbermoor
Nicola Barasso (born 21 November 1981) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Genoa
Born in Castellammare di Stabia, the Province of Naples, Barasso started their career at Genoa. They were loaned to Serie D side Ebolitana in 1999–2000 season, which the team relegated. In 2001, they were farmed to Mestre in co-ownership deal. That season they played half of the matches. In June 2002, Genoa bought back Barasso.
They then became a backup keeper for Genoa for almost 5 seasons. They won the promotion to Serie A in 2005 but followed the team relegated to Serie C1 after the team was accused to manipulate the result of the last match of 2004–05 Serie B. They had worked for Alessio Scarpi, Massimo Gazzoli and Rubinho as understudy and in January 2007 loaned to Taranto. Before leaving Genoa, they wore no.1 shirt. Genoa finished as the third of 2006–07 Serie B and direct promoted as it had a 10 points gap with Piacenza.
Taranto
With Taranto, they were the starting keeper and finished as the losing semi-finalists of the promotion playoffs. In July they returned to Taranto in another co-ownership deal. They lost their starting place in 2007–08 Serie C1 season (shared with Davide Faraon), despite Taranto bought to remain 50% registration rights from Genoa on 26 June 2008 by submitted a higher bid the Genoa to Lega Calcio. Since 2009–10 season they were the understudy of Nicolás Bremec and previously Emanuele Nordi. They signed a new contract in October 2009. On 17 October 2010 they were expelled despite on the bench. they were suspended for 2 rounds along with Bremec and the team had to use Edoardo Goio. They then injured and returned to team in January Since December they were backed by Faraon.
International career
Barasso was capped for the Italy under-20 team at the 2001 Toulon Tournament.
References
External links
FIGC
Football.it Profiles
1981 births
Living people
People from Castellammare di Stabia
Italian footballers
Serie B players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Taranto F.C. 1927 players
Association football goalkeepers
S.S. Ebolitana 1925 players
Footballers from Campania
Sportspeople from the Province of Naples
WLIS (1420 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Old Saybrook, Connecticut. The station is owned by Crossroads Communications of Old Saybrook, LLC. It airs a talk radio–adult standards format. The station is also simulcast on WMRD Middletown, Connecticut.
The station has been assigned the WLIS call letters by the Federal Communications Commission since it was initially licensed.
References
External links
WLIS official website
LIS
Nostalgia radio in the United States
Talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1957
1957 establishments in Connecticut
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C20H24O3}}
The molecular formula C20H24O3 (molar mass: 312.40 g/mol) may refer to:
Estrone acetate
Ethinyl estriol (EE3), or 17α-ethynylestriol
Trenbolone acetate
Molecular formulas
Carl Oberg (27 January 1897 – 3 June 1965) was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era. They served as Senior SS and Police Leader (HSSPF) in occupied France, from May 1942 to November 1944, during the Second World War, Oberg came to be known as the Butcher of Paris.
From May 1942, under orders from Reinhard Heydrich, Oberg ordered the execution of hundreds of hostages and the roundup and deportation of over 40,000 Jews from France to extermination camps, most infamously during the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup with the assistance of the Vichy French police.
Arrested by American military police in Tyrol in July 1945, Oberg was sentenced to death by two different courts: British and French before being handed over to the French. In 1958 their death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment and later reduced to 20 years hard labour. Oberg was eventually released on 28 November 1962 and pardoned by President Charles de Gaulle. They died in West Germany on 3 June 1965.
Early life
Carl Albrecht Oberg was born in Hamburg on 27 January 1897, the son of a physician and professor of medicine. In August 1914, they enlisted in the army and was assigned to the artillery, serving as battery officer. In November 1915, they were commissioned as a Leutnant fighting on the Western Front and was awarded the Iron Cross in both classes. They worked in manufacturing as a branch manager after the war until they were laid off in 1930.
Nazi career
They joined the Nazi Party on 1 April 1931 and the SS on 7 April 1932. After meeting Reinhard Heydrich in May 1933, they asked Heydrich for a job and joined the Sicherheitsdienst (SD). Oberg was later promoted to an SS-Oberführer and made the police administrator for Hanover. They served in that capacity from September 1938 until January 1939. Oberg then served as Police President of Zwickau until late 1941. They served as SS-und Polizeiführer (SS and Police Leader - SSPF), "Radom" from August 1941 to May 1942. Oberg was promoted to SS-Brigadeführer on 20 April 1942.
From 5 May 1942 to 28 November 1944, Oberg served as Higher SS and Police Leader (, HSSPF) "Frankreich" (France) over all German police forces in France, including the SD and the Gestapo. They were the supreme authority in France for managing anti-Jewish policy and the battle against the French Resistance. In 1942, shortly after their arrival, they issued the Jewish badge decree for identification, supported the roundup of 13,152 Jews in the Paris Vélodrome d'Hiver (Vel' d'Hiv Roundup), and ordered mass execution of hostages in retribution for acts of the French resistance. By that time they had been condemned as the "Butcher of Paris". On Heydrich's orders, Oberg deported over 40,000 Jews from the country with the assistance of the Vichy France police force headed by René Bousquet.
On 18 January 1943, Himmler demanded a cleansing of Marseilles with 100,000 arrests and explosive demolition of the city's crime district. Working with the French police, Oberg supervised a lesser response of 6,000 arrests, 20,000 people displaced, and partial destruction of the harbour area. In 1944, Oberg blocked an attempt to establish an Einsatzkommando of the Waffen-SS in France. on On 10 March 1945 they became a General der Waffen-SS.
Post-war trial, sentence, and reprieve
Oberg was captured in June, 1945 in the mountains near Kitzbuhel by the US military, they were disguised as a private in the Austrian Army. They were sentenced to death by a British court before receiving another death sentence from the French in October 1954. On 10 April 1958, the sentence was commuted to life by French President Vincent Auriol, their successor René Coty then reduced it further to 20 years hard labor in 1959. On 20 November 1962, Oberg was finally pardoned by President Charles de Gaulle and set free on 28 November 1962.
Oberg then was repatriated to Flensburg, in the north of the German state of Schleswig-Holstein, at the time, according to Die Zeit, a stronghold of former Nazis and SS cadres.
Notes
References
Sources
Birn, Ruth Bettina, Die höheren SS- und Polizeiführer. Himmlers Vertreter im Reich und in den besetzten Gebieten Düsseldorf 1986 (Seite 252ff, 341)
Lappenküper, Ulrich Der "Schlächter von Paris". Carl-Albrecht Oberg als Höherer SS- und Polizeiführer in Frankreich (1942-1944) in: Deutschland und Frankreich im Krieg (Nov. 1942 - Herbst 1944). Okkupation, Kollaboration, Résistance Hg. S. Martens, M. Vaisse, Bonn: Bouvier, 2000 (Seite 129-143)
Die faschistische Okkupationspolitik in Frankreich (1940-1944) Dokumentenauswahl. Hg. und Einl. Ludwig Nestler. Berlin: Deutscher Verlag der Wissenschaften, 1990 (Orts-, Personenregister) (zahlreiche Einträge im Index)
External links
Wiesenthal Center
SS and Police Leaders
1897 births
1965 deaths
Holocaust perpetrators in France
Prisoners sentenced to death by the British military
Prisoners and detainees of the United States military
Prisoners sentenced to death by France
Recipients of French presidential pardons
Military personnel from Hamburg
German prisoners sentenced to death
SS-Obergruppenführer
Kapp Putsch participants
20th-century Freikorps personnel
Nazis convicted of war crimes
Brasstracks are an American R&B-hip hop production duo based in Alphabet City, Manhattan, New York, composed of Ivan Jackson and Conor Rayne. They won two Grammy Awards for their work on Chance the Rapper's single "No Problem", and released their debut full-length album Golden Ticket on August 21, 2020.
History
Jackson and Rayne formed Brasstracks in 2014 after meeting while attending the Manhattan School of Music, where Jackson was a trumpet player and Rayne a drummer. Jackson is originally from Manhattan and Rayne is originally from New Jersey. They primarily use live instrumentation, with Jackson on brass instruments and Rayne on drums. Their first track was the instrumental "Say U Will", and their first EP, Good Love, was released on August 19, 2016. It includes collaborations with Roses Gabor, Jay Prince, Lido, and Masego.
The duo produced the single "No Problem" by Chance the Rapper featuring 2 Chainz and Lil Wayne, off Chance the Rapper's 2016 mixtape Coloring Book. They appeared on "Am I Wrong" by Anderson .Paak featuring Schoolboy Q, and have produced and written for Wyclef Jean, GoldLink, Harry Styles, Khalid, and Mark Ronson. In 2017, they released the EP For Those Who Know Pt. I. It includes collaborations with Robert Glasper, The Underachievers, Bxrber, and S'natra. They released part 2 of the EP the following year.
In 2019, they signed with Capitol Records, and released the live EP Before We Go: Live From Capitol Studios, featuring live versions of their EP Before We Go from earlier in the year. Before We Go features guest spots from R.LUM.R, Grace, and Pell, and is a shift to a more R&B and hip hop style from their previous jazzy electronic sound. In May 2020, in advance of their debut full-length album Golden Ticket, they released the lead single "Change For Me" featuring Samm Henshaw, followed by the second single "Missed Your Call" featuring Col3trane, and then the single "Golden Ticket" featuring Masego and Common. Golden Ticket was released on Capitol Records on August 21, 2020.
They have toured with Lido, Mr. Carmack, Jack Garratt, GRiZ, and Big Gigantic. In 2019, they appeared alongside Miley Cyrus and Mark Ronson on Saturday Night Live, performing "Nothing Breaks Like a Heart".
Members
Ivan Jackson (horns, production)
Conor Rayne (drums, production)
Awards
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
"Say U Won't" (2016)
"Favorite" (2017)
"Those Who Know" (2017)
"All of the Lights" feat. Alexander Lewis (Kanye West cover) (2017)
"Good Kid Brass City" (Kendrick Lamar cover) (2018)
"Vibrant" feat. Pell (2018)
"Improv #1" (live) (2018)
"Opposite Ways" (live) (2018)
"Stay There" (2018)
"In My Feelings" (Drake cover) (2018)
"Too Far Too Fast" (2018)
"I'm Alright" feat. R.LUM.R (2019)
"Professional" feat. Kyle Dion (2019)
"Snowdaze" feat. Charles Gaines (2019)
"Always Be My Baby" (Mariah Carey cover) (2019)
"Change For Me" feat. Samm Henshaw (2020)
"Missed Your Call" feat. Col3trane (2020)
"Hold Ya" feat. Lawrence (2020)
"Will Call" feat. Elliott Skinner and Victoria Canal (2020)
"Golden Ticket" feat. Masego and Common (2020)
"My Boo (Ghost Town DJ's cover) (2020)
"What's Next" (Drake cover) (2021)
"Still Life" feat. Tori Kelly (2021)
Producing and writing credits
References
Rhythm and blues duos
American musical duos
American hip hop record producers
Record producers from New York (state)
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Capitol Records artists
Harbor Mountain Press is an American, nonprofit, poetry press located in White River Junction, Vermont. The press was founded by poet and editor Peter Money in 2006 (in Brownsville, Vermont). Notable authors published by the press include Alice B. Fogel, Sinan Antoon, Jan Clausen, Robert Farnsworth, Ana Merino, Laura Davies Foley, Elizabeth Robinson, Elena Georgiou, Norman MacAfee, and Mario Susko. Harbor Mountain Press titles have been reviewed in venues including TIME Magazine,<ref>[https://web.archive.org/web/20071022173031/http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1672798,00.html TME Magazine > Arts > Oct. 18, 2007 > War of Words” by Tim Kindseth > (A Review of Sinan Antoon's The Baghdad Blues)]</ref> Library Journal, Bookslut,'' and others. The press has received funding from the Byrne Foundation and Pentangle Council on the Arts and individual donors. Harbor Mountain Press titles are distributed by Small Press Distribution and GenPop Books.
References
External links
Harbor Mountain Press Website
Feature: Poets & Writers > Small Press Points > by Kevin Larimer > 11/01/2008
Interview: Cervena Barva Press > Interview with Peter Money
Poetry publishers
Book publishing companies of the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Vermont
Vermont culture
Publishing companies established in 2006
American companies established in 2006
Showbiz Tonight is a defunct American entertainment news program that aired from February 20, 2005, until February 6, 2014, on HLN. Showbiz Tonight was hosted by A. J. Hammer at CNN New York at the time of its cancellation. The show reported and debated celebrity entertainment news stories and controversies, along with social networking segments involving viewer interaction via social networks and the program's call-in toll free number. The program aired Monday through Thursday nights at 11 p.m. Eastern, with encore presentations on Tuesday through Saturday mornings at 2 a.m. and 4:10 a.m. Eastern. Showbiz Tonight is also shown several times daily in Europe on Star! Scandinavia, a channel operated by Turner NonStop Television, part of Turner Broadcasting.
On February 3, 2014, HLN canceled Showbiz Tonight, with the final episode airing February 6. Hammer continues to be involved in the network to cover entertainment stories.
History
Hosted by A. J. Hammer in New York City, the program was also hosted by Karyn Bryant when it began airing on February 20, 2005. During the duration of the program, hosting changed with Bryant leaving the show at the end of 2005 and Hammer took on primary hosting duties with correspondents filling in as co-hosts. Brooke Anderson became an official co-host in 2009.
The live telecast moved from 11 p.m. ET to 5 p.m. ET (2 p.m. PT) on March 29, 2010, but moved back to 11 p.m. ET in early May 2011, with the first-run broadcast now airing taped, recorded hours in advance of its initial airtime; meanwhile, the 5 p.m. airing was dropped and replaced with HLN Special Report with Vinnie Politan. A weekday morning replay aired at 11 a.m. ET (8 a.m. PT) from 2009 until April 2011 and a weekend edition, broadcast as either a best-of format or a replay of the Friday show, depending on events, aired on Saturday and Sunday evenings until July 2011.
Showbiz Tonight used a dual-coast format with Hammer based in New York and Anderson in Los Angeles. On April 13, 2011, it was announced that Anderson would leave the program to join the syndicated entertainment program The Insider in May; with Anderson's departure, Showbiz Tonight dropped its Los Angeles-based anchor segments and was recorded solely in New York from that point on. However, story packages that included discussions between the host and celebrity panelists continued to originate from both cities, with segments originating from Los Angeles done via satellite.
On-air staff
Former on-air staff
Brooke Anderson - anchor/correspondent (2009–2011, later at The Insider and Entertainment Tonight)
Karyn Bryant - anchor/correspondent (2005)
A. J. Hammer - anchor (2005–2014)
Jane Velez-Mitchell - fill-in anchor (?–?)
Jill Simonian - correspondent (2011)
Nischelle Turner - correspondent (2011–2014, now co-host of Entertainment Tonight)
Broadcast
Showbiz Tonight is shown several times daily in Europe on Star! Scandinavia, a channel operated by Turner NonStop Television, part of Turner Broadcasting.
Showbiz Today
The program is a revival of Showbiz Today, an earlier program that ran from 1984 until September 10, 2001, on the main CNN network and the international network CNN International. The show's hosts broadcast live from both New York and Los Angeles, and the format was mainly hard entertainment news involving behind the scenes activities and deals, along with movie review segments and premiere summaries rather than the current day format. Previous hosts and reporters on Showbiz Today include:
Peter Bart
Andy Culpepper
Martin Grove
Gloria Hilliard
Dana Kennedy
Lee Leonard
Dennis Michael
Jim Moret
Michael Okwu - From 1997 to 2000, Okwu co-presented Showbiz Today Reports. They were a CNN Entertainment News correspondent while contributing reports as a full-time general assignment correspondent.
Lisa Schwarzbaum - Schwarzbaum left Entertainment Weekly in 2013.
Bella Shaw
Laurin Sydney
Sherri Sylvester
Peter Travers
Bill Tush - Tush was made senior entertainment correspondent for CNN in 1993 and relocated to New York City to host Showbiz Today.
Liz Wickersham
See also
Sibila Vargas
Leo Laporte
References
External links
2000s American television news shows
2010s American television news shows
2005 American television series debuts
2014 American television series endings
English-language television shows
CNN Headline News original programming
Entertainment news shows in the United States
Foesum is an American hip hop group whose members included T-Dubb, MNMsta and DJ Glaze. They recorded an album on Penalty/Tommy Boy Records called Perfection, released on October 22, 1996.
History
In 1986, DJ Glaze and MNM created a DJ crew called Perfection and recruited members from their local high school in Long Beach. During the next three years Perfection performed at a number of school dances and parties in the town. By 1989, Perfection had recruited almost a dozen members. Towards the end of Perfection's senior year, they decided to produce their own record. Travvy Trav, one of the older members of the group, searched for the "dopest" MC in Long Beach and found Domino, who attended Millikan High School. Perfection recruited Domino and bought a Roland 808 drum machine to start making demos in the garage with the intention of securing a record deal. Dozens of songs were recorded and members Tender D and Mellow D (now known as The Twinz) were brought into the group by T-Dubb and Travvy Trav, who are first cousins. After many disappointments and some personality conflicts, Domino left the group to fend for themselves. This sparked a collaboration with another Long Beach Eastsider Snoop Doggy Dogg called "Let 'Em Understand Perfection" on a compilation album called Please Pass The Mic which was a "diss" track aimed at Domino. This explains one of the lines by Snoop in Dr. Dre's "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang", "Perfection is perfected, so I let 'em understand".
In 1991, Perfection met Big Wes and Suge Knight who were then bodyguards for New Edition. Big Wes was planning their own label, Lockdown Records, and took an interest in the group. After a few months, the name Perfection was dropped and Foesum was born. Foesum (slang for "foursome") had more street appeal and consisted of four members: T-Dubb, Wayniac, MNM and DJ Glaze. Foesum recorded an entire underground album at Solar Records, home of legendary groups like Lakeside, the Whispers and Babyface. Songs that were recorded but not released included "Ridin' High" (re-recorded on the Twinz album), "Point of No Return", "Knick Knack Patty Wack" ,"Ain't No Fun" (featuring Kid Frost), "Much Love" and MNM's "Chrome To The Dome". With little possibility of a record deal, Foesum was inactive for about a year, but, in 1992, Wayniac was approached by Warren G who needed help writing their album Regulate...G Funk Era. Eventually, Wayniac teamed up with their brother Trip Locc as The Twinz, signing a record deal on Def Jam Records. In the meantime, Glaze, MNM and T-Dubb carried on the group themselves. They decided to keep the name and to make Travvy Trav (who died from a heart problem during the struggle) as the silent fourth member.
In 1994, Foesum joined Tony G and Julio G of the original 1580 AM KDAY Mixmasters. Ruthless Records' CEO, Eazy-E, asked Julio G to co-host The Ruthless Radio Show on 92.3 The Beat in Los Angeles. In just a few weeks and with Tony G's help, Foesum recorded "Lil Somethin' Somethin'" and "Listen To The Sound". It caught the ear of Eazy E and the hip hop entrepreneur Kevin Mitchell in New York who was able to make deals with Big Beat/Atlantic and Tommy Boy Records. Foesum eventually signed a deal with Atlantic Records in January 1995. The first single, "Lil Somethin' Somethin'" was released in summer 1995 on Big Beat/Atlantic Records and received major play on the video show The Box and radio stations. The album, Perfection, was released on Penalty Records/Tommy Boy in fall 1996. Since then, Foesum has worked on new albums to release on their own independent venture called The Perfection Label including The FoeFathers, the greatest hits album, and solo projects.
Discography
Solo albums
2002 : DJ Glaze – "Ultimate Collaborations" (compilation)
2004 : MNMsta – "Walk In My Shoez"
2007 : MNMsta – "Here For A Reason"
2011 : MNMsta – "Unbreakable"
Compilations
2004 : The Greatest Hits Volume One
2011 : The Greatest Hits Volume Two
2016 : The Greatest Hits Volume 3
References
Hip hop groups from California
Musicians from Long Beach, California
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Gangsta rap groups
G-funk groups
Mike da Fonte (born 18 April 1991) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender.
Career
Youth and college
Mike da Fonte played their youth soccer with JBS FC a soccer club that was based out of Westchester County, New York. Following their youth career
da Fonte played for Bryant University in 2009 before transferring to Longwood University for the 2010 season. In 2011, they transferred again, this time to the University of the Rio Grande, where they concluded their college soccer career.
During their college career, they also played with the Westchester Flames of the Premier Development League during the 2012 season. They played as a left back for Westchester appearing in 9 matches and scoring 2 goals.
Professional
In 2012, da Fonte went on trial with Portuguese First Division club S.C. Olhanense, however due to the club's financial problems they were unable to sign him. However, they were signed by S.C. Espinho of the Portuguese Second Division. In their first year in Portugal, da Fonte became a starter for the club and appeared in 23 leagues matches scoring 1 goal. They scored their lone goal of the season on January 20, 2013 in a 1–1 draw with UD Sousense. For the 2013/14 season da Fonte signed for Juventude de Pedras Salgadas and made 23 league appearances for the club.
da Fonte returned to the United States and signed with New York Red Bulls II for the 2015 season. They made their debut as a starter in the club's inaugural match, a 0–0 draw with the Rochester Rhinos. da Fonte was named to the USL Team of the Week for their performance in a 1-0 victory over Wilmington Hammerheads on June 13, 2015.
da Fonte moved across USL to Sacramento Republic FC for the 2016 season.
They signed with the Colorado Rapids early in the 2017 season. On February 10, 2018, da Fonte joined the Phoenix Rising FC on loan for the 2018 season.
da Fonte was released by Colorado at the end of their 2018 season.
da Fonte signed with OKC Energy FC on March 28, 2019. They were released at the end of the 2019 season, but re-signed with the club on September 2, 2020 for the remainder of the season.
Personal life
Da Fonte is of Portuguese descent through their father.
References
External links
newyorkredbulls.com profile
1991 births
Living people
American soccer players
American people of Portuguese descent
American expatriate soccer players
Westchester Flames players
S.C. Espinho players
Juventude de Pedras Salgadas players
New York Red Bulls II players
Sacramento Republic FC players
Colorado Rapids players
People from Ossining, New York
Phoenix Rising FC players
OKC Energy FC players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from New York (state)
Sportspeople from Westchester County, New York
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
USL Championship players
Bryant Bulldogs men's soccer players
Longwood Lancers men's soccer players
Rio Grande RedStorm men's soccer players
Swamikartik Khapar () is a rural municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal. It was formed in March 2017, in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015. SwamiKartik khapar Rural Municipality has an area of and the population of this municipality is 13,013. It is the second biggest rural municipality in terms of population and smallest on the basis of area. It is divided into 5 wards and the headquarters of this newly formed municipality is situated at Wai. It is formed by merging previous VDCs named Sappata, Wai and Jukot.
References
Bajura District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Rural municipalities in Bajura District
Sclerococcum serusiauxii is a species of lichenicolous fungus in the family Dactylosporaceae. It was described as a new species in 1993 by Montserrat Boqueras and Paul Diederich. The type was collected in Col de la Pierre St Martin (Spanish Pyrenees in Navarre), at an altitude of . Here, the fungus was growing on the lichen Parmelina pastillifera, which itself was growing on Pinus uncinata. The specific epithet honours Belgian lichenologist Emmanuël Sérusiaux, who collected the type specimen in 1989. S. serusiauxii has also been recorded from Montenegro.
In addition to Parmelina pastillifer, it has also been recorded on Parmelina tiliacea. The fungus forms convex dark brown to black sporodochia that typically measure 60–180 by 60–100 μm. The mycelia of the fungus is embedded in the thallus of the host. The presence of the fungus does not cause damage to the host lichen.
References
Lecanorales
Fungi described in 1993
Fungi of Europe
Lichenicolous fungi
Merav Ben-David (; born January 17, 1959) is an Israeli-American ecologist, zoologist, and politician who is the Chair of the Department of Zoology and Physiology at the University of Wyoming. They were the Democratic nominee in the 2020 United States Senate election in Wyoming, losing to former Congresswoman Cynthia Lummis in the general election.  They are running for State Representative from Wyoming's 46th district in 2022.
Early life and education
Ben-David was born to a Jewish family in Rehovot, Israel, and raised on a farm near Rishon LeZion. They spent two years in the Israeli Air Force in fulfillment of the country's compulsory military service.
Ben-David earned a Bachelor of Science in Biology in 1984, and a Master of Science in 1988 from Tel Aviv University. They spent 5 years as a safari tour guide in Kenya before moving to Alaska where they studied wildlife management. They earned their PhD from the University of Alaska Fairbanks in 1996.
Career
Ben-David emigrated from Israel to the United States due to worsening job prospects in Israel in the early 1990s as a result of the 1990s post-Soviet aliyah. After earning their PhD at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, Ben-David remained there as an ecologist. They were fascinated by local marine ecosystems, which included otters, mink, marten, polar bears, and the salmon they fed on.
In 2000, Ben-David became an associate professor at the University of Wyoming. They became a full professor in 2010. They have served as the editor-in-chief of Wildlife Monographs, succeeding Eric Hellgren in 2017. As of January 2020 they were head of the Department of Zoology and Physiology at the University of Wyoming.
Them work mostly centers around carnivores and their behavior in ecosystems.
They have published more than 110 scientific papers that analyze the impact of climate change, invasive species, logging and pollution on animals, often using innovative research techniques.
Among their most-cited works are studies applying stable isotope analysis to animal ecology to document changes in the diet of generalist predators; exploring the impact of flooding, predation, and salmon runs on vegetation in the Alexander Archipelago; and examining the effects of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill on otters in Prince William Sound. They have helped to study the effects of the Exxon and BP spills in terms of both immediate and long-term effects.
Them work was included in the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Restoration Project Final Report, which assessed damage and potential for remediation, and was a basis for fining Exxon and BP after their respective oil spills of 1989 and 2010.
Ben-David has focused deeply on the river otter (Lontra canadensis), examining it in its role as a sentinel species and also using it as a model for predicting effects of pollutants on the rarer and more difficult to study sea otter (Enhydra lutris).
They have carried out work with Alaskan otters for over 30 years.
Them field studies of chemical bioaccumulation have gained international attention.
They began studying the impact of human activity and climate change on polar bears in 2001. They have worked for nearly 20 years with Steven Amstrup to study polar bear ecology in the Beaufort Sea and other areas. One of the behavioral patterns they have observed via satellite tracking is that polar bears show high fidelity to the local area of ocean in which they live. As sea ice is thinning, it drifts faster, requiring polar bears to walk farther each day on the ice to retain their position. This increases the energy requirements of the bears while decreasing their available time to hunt. Models project that polar bear populations may collapse by 2080.
In 2004 they began another long-term project, studying chipmunks that live in the Laramie Mountains. One of the findings of Ben-David and their students is that chipmunks are more likely to survive the shorter winters resulting from climate change. Ben-David also studies river otters of the Powder River Basin, and the effects of nearby oil drilling. Them work has revealed low populations of otters in the New Fork River, compared to areas nearby.
Ben-David has received a variety of awards for their work including the Barrett-Hamilton distinguished ecologist award from the University of Manitoba in 2012 and the Excellence in Wildlife Education award from The Wildlife Society in 2016.
They were selected as a Wildlife Fellow of the Wildlife Society in 2017. ‍
Personal life
Ben-David has resided in Laramie, Wyoming, since 2000, and was naturalized as a United States citizen in 2009.
Politics
Ben-David announced their candidacy for the 2020 U.S. Senate election at the 2020 Wyoming Women's March in Cheyenne, Wyoming, on January 18, 2020. On August 18, 2020, they placed first in a field of six candidates to become the Democratic nominee.
Ben-David's platform centered on 'future-proofing' Wyoming's economy through diversification, including public investments in reclaiming old mines, capping oil and gas wells, and building wildlife crossings.
They lost the general election to Republican Cynthia Lummis, gaining just 27% of the vote.
 They are the Democratic nominee for State Representative from Wyoming's 46th district in 2022, running against Republican incumbent Ocean Andrew.
Electoral history
2022
2020
References
External links
Campaign website
Profile at the University of Wyoming
1959 births
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American zoologists
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century American politicians
Activists from Wyoming
American community activists
American ecologists
Jewish American scientists
Jewish biologists
American women activists
American zoologists
Candidates in the 2020 United States Senate elections
Israeli emigrants to the United States
Jewish American people in Wyoming politics
Living people
Naturalized citizens of the United States
People from Laramie, Wyoming
People from Rehovot
Progressivism in the United States
Tel Aviv University alumni
University of Alaska Fairbanks alumni
Wyoming Democrats
Jewish women scientists
Israeli women scientists
University of Wyoming faculty
Women zoologists
Women ecologists
American women academics
21st-century American Jews
Candidates in the 2022 United States elections
Utsubo Dam is a gravity dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for power production. The catchment area of the dam is 1052.5 km2. The dam impounds about 53 ha of land when full and can store 4524 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1952 and completed in 1953.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Fyllingen Fotball was a Norwegian association football club from Fyllingsdalen, Bergen, Hordaland.
It was founded as a formally independent section of the alliance sports club Fyllingen IL on 1 January 1994. Fyllingen IL was founded on 6 June 1946. Fyllingen Fotball still uses Fyllingen IL's logo.
The club played in the Norwegian top flight in 1990, 1991 and 1993, and reached the Norwegian Cup final in 1990, where they lost 5–1 against Rosenborg. This earned them a place in the 1991–92 European Cup Winners' Cup, where they were eliminated by Atlético Madrid in the first round.
Fyllingen played in the 1. divisjon from 1994 to 1996 and in the 2. divisjon from 1997 till 2009. The last two seasons of its existence, the club played in the 3. divisjon. After the 2011 season, Fyllingen merged with Løv-Ham to create FK Fyllingsdalen, and the two clubs ceased to exist.
Merger with Løv-Ham
Løv-Ham had in the recent years taken over Fyllingen's spot as Fyllingsdalen's best football-club, but it was still Fyllingen that had the biggest support and the financial power in the borough. In the end of 2007, the two clubs started negotiation to merge the football-departments of the two clubs. If this had been a reality the goal was a budget of at least 15 million, a doubling compared to the Løv-Ham's budget in 2007. The aim was to create an organization and a name that create a stable state football team, and which in time also be able to play up in the top division. The experiment stranded when it was not achieved sufficient majority at the extraordinary annual meeting of Fyllingen. Four years later, on 28 September 2011, the members of both clubs' voted yes to a merge. The new club replaced Løv-Ham in the 2012 2. divisjon, and the two old clubs will cease to exist. Kjetil Knutsen became head coach of the new team.
European Cup appearances
Recent history, men's team
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
!
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Cup
!Notes
|-
|2001
|2. divisjon, section 2
|align=right|4
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|6||align=right|6
|align=right|63||align=right|48||align=right|48
|2nd round
|
|-
|2002
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |3
|align=right|26||align=right|14||align=right|4||align=right|8
|align=right|65||align=right|63||align=right|46
|1st round
|
|-
|2003
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|5||align=right|10
|align=right|61||align=right|56||align=right|38
|2nd round
|
|-
|2004
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|12||align=right|2||align=right|12
|align=right|56||align=right|59||align=right|38
|1st round
|
|-
|2005
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|11||7||align=right|8
|align=right|45||align=right|33||align=right|40
|2nd round
|
|-
|2006
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |4
|align=right|26||align=right|13||align=right|6||align=right|7
|align=right|46||align=right|38||align=right|45
|2nd round
|
|-
|2007
||2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|7||align=right|8
|align=right|38||align=right|42||align=right|40
|1st round
|
|-
|2008
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |5
|align=right|26||align=right|11||align=right|6||align=right|9
|align=right|45||align=right|51||align=right|39
|1st round
|
|-
|2009
|2. divisjon, section 3
|align=right |12
|align=right|26||align=right|8||align=right|3||align=right|15
|align=right|37||align=right|64||align=right|27
|2nd round
|Relegated to Division 3
|-
|2010
|3. divisjon, section Hordaland 2
|align=right |2
|align=right|22||align=right|15||align=right|2||align=right|5
|align=right|63||align=right|24||align=right|47
|3rd round
|
|}
References
Official website – Discontinued
Defunct football clubs in Norway
Eliteserien clubs
Sport in Bergen
Association football clubs established in 1946
Association football clubs disestablished in 2011
1946 establishments in Norway
2011 disestablishments in Norway
Payum Puli () is a 2007 Indian Malayalam language action comedy film directed by Mohan Kupleri, starring Kalabhavan Mani, Rambha, Sai Kumar, Chandra Lakshman etc. It was released in 2007.
Plot
Cast
Kalabhavan Mani as Sharavanan
Rambha as Malli
Riyaz Khan as Issac John
Sai Kumar as Josettan
Jagathy Sreekumar as Thankappan
Jagadish as SI Sreenivasan
Shobha Mohan as Ravishankar's mother
Sukumari as Malli's grandmother
Ambika Mohan as Susie, Nainan Finance MD
Rajesh Hebbar as Rajan Menon
Nimisha Suresh as Maya (Malli's sister)
Chandra Lakshman as Moosa Bhai's daughter
TG Ravi as Moosa Bhai
Bheeman Raghu as ACP Ramanathan
Sadiq as Advocate
Anand as Ravishankar
Jagannatha Varma as Warrier (Malli's grandfather)
Salim Kumar as Mujeeb Rahman
Majeed as Ex MLA Mathai
Munshi Venu as Old man at Mucheetkali
Nisha Sarang as Rukmini
Gayathri as Ramanathan's wife
Reception
Sify wrote, "Payum Puli is racy and has enough masalas to please the common man who is looking for time pass entertainment".
Soundtrack
The Music was composed by Mohan Sithara and Lyrics was written by Giressh Puthanchery and Rajeev Alunkal.
References
2007 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Mohan Kupleri
2007 action comedy films
Indian action comedy films
"Old Hildebrand" (German: Der alte Hildebrand) is an Austrian fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales (KHM 95) and written in an Austrian dialect. It is Aarne-Thompson type 1360C.
Origin
The tale was published by the Brothers Grimm in the second edition of Kinder- und Hausmärchen in 1819. Their source was an unnamed informant from Austria.
Synopsis
A peasant's wife and the parson fancied each other, so the wife feigned illness, and the parson preached that whoever had an ill family member could go to the Cuckoo's Mountain in Italy, and get laurel leaves that would cure the ill person. The peasant, Hildebrand, left to get them, and the parson came to their house. But on the way, Hildebrand met their cousin, an egg merchant, who alerted them and brought them to the house in their cart. The parson and the wife began to sing, the merchant sang, and Hildebrand sang that it was enough. They jumped from the basket and beat the parson out of the house.
References
External links
Grimms' Fairy Tales
ATU 1350-1439
Eburia albolineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae that is endemic to Venezuela.
References
albolineata
Beetles described in 1944
Endemic fauna of Venezuela
Beetles of South America
The Sri Lanka cricket team toured New Zealand from December 2018 to January 2019 to play two Tests, three One Day Internationals (ODIs) and one Twenty20 International (T20I) match. They also played a three-day warm-up match ahead of the Test series.
Sri Lanka Cricket recalled batsmen Lahiru Thirimanne and Sadeera Samarawickrama after a year out of the Sri Lankan team. Bowler Nuwan Pradeep was also recalled to the team after previously being ruled out through injury.
New Zealand won the Test series 1–0, after the first match was drawn. It was their fourth consecutive series win, the first time they had achieved that in Test cricket. New Zealand won the ODI series 3–0. New Zealand scored the most runs by a team in a three-match bilateral ODI series. New Zealand's series aggregate of 1,054 runs are the most for any team in a three-match ODI series. They surpassed India's total of 1,053 runs in their home series against England in 2017. New Zealand also went on to win the one-off T20I match by 35 runs.
Squads
Angelo Mathews suffered an injury during the second Test and was later ruled out of Sri Lanka's squads for the limited overs fixtures, with Sadeera Samarawickrama replacing him. James Neesham suffered an injury during the third ODI and was replaced by Doug Bracewell in New Zealand's squad for the one-off T20I match.
Tour match
Three-day match: New Zealand XI vs Sri Lanka
Test series
1st Test
2nd Test
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
T20I match
Only T20I
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2018 in New Zealand cricket
2018 in Sri Lankan cricket
International cricket competitions in 2018–19
Sri Lankan cricket tours of New Zealand
The Beetle is the name used by multiple fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. It is also the name of three versions of high tech armor used by seven separate characters.
The numerous incarnations of the Beetle have also appeared in Marvel-licensed media, such as television series and video games.
Publication history
The Beetle debuted in the "Human Torch" segment of Strange Tales #123 (August 1964) with the original incarnation Abner Jenkins using the first armor. This version was beaten by the Thing and Human Torch. The Human Torch had another tussle with the Beetle in The Amazing Spider-Man #21 (Jan 1965), aided by Spider-Man.
This version would be used until the character switched to the second armor in Peter Parker, the Spectacular Spider-Man #59 (October 1981) (which is most associated with the name) and would be in use until Thunderbolts #1 (April 1997) when Jenkins's alter ego was changed to MACH-1. A new version debuted in Thunderbolts #35 (February 2000). This version resembled a walking tank and would be used by Jenkins and the second incarnation Leila Davis. This version was crushed by Graviton, killing Davis who was still inside at the time. After Davis's death, the Beetle armor would go unused until Thunderbolts #103 (August 2006) when all three versions were stolen and used by three college students. The individual names of these characters were not revealed in this initial appearance.
Fictional character biography
Abner Jenkins
An ex-master mechanic, Abner Jenkins left their career to pursue life as an adventurer seeking wealth and fame under the Beetle name. A defeat at the Fantastic Four's hands sent Beetle into the direction of a life of crime where they were even a member of the Masters of Evil. Years later, Jenkins joined the Thunderbolts, a choice that eventually took them on a more heroic pathway in life.
Leila Davis
The widow of minor supervillain Ringer, Leila Davis began their criminal career as a driver for the super villain Sinister Syndicate team. After Ringer's death, Leila would go on to have their own costumed career, first as Hardshell and finally as the Beetle. They were killed when Graviton crushed the Beetle armor with them still inside.
Leila is introduced as the widow of the Ringer (Anthony Davis). After Anthony is manipulated by Abner Jenkins into a life of crime that included multiple conflicts with Spider-Man, they were shot by the anti-hero Scourge. Leila vows revenge on all three. They join the Sinister Syndicate team led by Jenkins, in order to get close to him. They also serve as the group's getaway driver.
Once Boomerang is captured by Spider-Man on the group's first mission, they began dating Speed Demon. Eventually, the Shocker engineers a breakout for Boomerang and the team fractures, with Boomerang, Rhino and Leila (using their husband's old weapons) battling the Beetle, Speed Demon and Hydro-Man in the middle of New York City. After attempting to kill Beetle, Leila is disarmed by Spider-Man and arrested along with Jenkins and Boomerang.
Sometime later, they are paroled from prison and immediately returns to their old ways. Donning a new red and black suit of weaponized armor and referring to themselves as "Hardshell", they ally with Boomerang, Rhino and the Vulture. The group becomes involved in a massive fight that also involves Stegron, Doctor Octopus, Swarm, the Answer, Jenkins and Spider-Man, with each party trying to gain control of an experimental gun. Spider-Man eventually stood victorious and most of the costumed criminals are taken into custody. Leila is teleported away by their husband Anthony, who had survived being shot by Scourge and had been turned into the cyborg Strikeback by the criminal organization A.I.M.
They reappear years later taking on the Thunderbolts team (which a reformed Jenkins helped found), ironically now referring to themselves as the "Beetle".  They are wearing a tank-like exoskeleton painted in the same paint scheme as both of Jenkins' previous Beetle costumes—a new iteration of the Beetle armor that Jenkins themselves had designed while working for the Commission on Superhuman Activities.
As the second Beetle, Leila eventually joins the group known as the Redeemers, which includes former members of the Thunderbolts. When their true identity is revealed to the rest of their teammates, they tell them that their husband Anthony died some time earlier due to their body breaking down due to their cyborg enhancements.
The group soon encounters the powerful super villain Graviton, and quickly into the fight they nonchalantly use their gravity powers to crush the Beetle armor - with Leila inside - into a small cube, killing them instantly.
Powers and abilities
As Hardshell, Leila wore a powered suit which granted their superhuman strength and durability, and a variety of weapons.
As the second Beetle, their suit possessed artificial wings which allowed them to fly while also giving their superhuman strength and durability and different weapons.
The three Beetles
Three college students stole the previous incarnations of the Beetle armor during Marvel's Civil War event. The individual piloting the first version was called Joaquim and the person in the second version was revealed to be female. No other information was revealed about them in their subsequent appearances in Thunderbolts.
In those issues which made up a storyline named the "Guardian Protocols", they defend the city of Dallas against a plot by the Grandmaster as members of an enlarged Thunderbolts team recruited by Baron Zemo and consisting of numerous supervillains. When the Overmind lets the full power of the Wellspring (the source of power the Grandmaster is using) loose when they attempt to revive Baron Zemo, the defenders of Sydney and Dallas are overrun, with the three Beetles presumably among them.
In 2007, the three Beetles were identified among the 142 registered superheroes who appear on the cover of the comic book Avengers: The Initiative #1.
The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z Update #5 revealed that the three college students that wear the three Beetle armors are named Joaquim Robichaux, Elizabeth Vaughn and Gary Quinn.
Janice Lincoln
A new female Beetle attacks Captain America and Black Widow. The two managed to defeat them and remand them to The Raft. As part of the Marvel NOW! event, Beetle returns as a member of the latest incarnation of the Sinister Six. In this appearance, their first name is revealed to be Janice, and is later revealed to be the daughter of Tombstone.
Beetle features as one of the main characters in The Superior Foes of Spider-Man. Janice's origin is later recounted, where it is shown that as a child, they idolized their father and their criminal activities, but was forbidden to take part in them. After building a successful career as a defense attorney, they were appointed to defend Baron Zemo, at which point they volunteered to work for them as the new Beetle. Janice's armor is also revealed to have been built by the Fixer.
Hobgoblin's Beetle
Roderick Kingsley had sold one of Abner Jenkins's old Beetle armors and gear to an unnamed criminal. They were seen at the Bar With No Name attending the wake of Electro's servant Francine Frye. Beetle was later seen at the Bar With No Name among the patrons who want the Black Cat to be the Queen of the Criminal Underworld.
The Hobgoblin later regained the services of Beetle.
Other versions
Marvel UK
The Beetle name was used by an armored S.T.R.I.K.E. superhuman restraint squad in the Jaspers' Warp story arc published by the Marvel UK imprint.
Ultimate Marvel
The Ultimate Marvel version of Beetle is a mysterious unnamed mercenary from Latveria with a completely revamped armor. Spider-Man first finds Beetle robbing a sample of the Venom symbiote from Roxxon. This doesn't go well for Venom and the resulting battle left the Venom sample useless for Beetle to bring to Latveria.
Beetle later breaks into Bolivar Trask's lab where Eddie Brock is held, leading to Venom chasing after Beetle. Just as Beetle is cornered, Venom is stopped by Spider-Man. When the Venom symbiote leaves Brock and attaches to Spider-Man, Beetle escapes in the confusion.
Disguised as a civilian which Brock least expected, Beetle later captures Venom in Central Park and flies off with them in order to deliver Venom to Latveria.
Beetle's suit is later seen being repaired by the Tinkerer when a group of villains arrives for weapons against Spider-Man.
In other media
Television
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle appeared in the Spider-Man and Their Amazing Friends episode "Origin of the Spider-Friends", voiced by Christopher Collins.
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle makes a brief appearance in the Iron Man episode "Armor Wars" Pt. 1, voiced by John Reilly with a Liverpudlian accent evocative of the similarly named band.
The Ultimate Marvel incarnation of the Beetle appears in Ultimate Spider-Man, voiced by Steve Blum. This version is a highly capable criminal mercenary who is mostly silent, with their most notable trademark being the unusually large amount of fold-out rocket launchers hidden throughout their armor's surface. Following their introduction in the episode "Beetle Mania", in which they mount a failed attempt on J. Jonah Jameson's life, the Beetle has several confrontations with Spider-Man throughout the series alongside the Sinister Six, Taskmaster, the Grandmaster, and HYDRA, only to be defeated by the web-slinger and their allies each time.
Additionally, the Abner Jenkins and Leila Davis incarnations of the Beetle make non-speaking cameo appearances in "Beetle Mania" within the S.H.I.E.L.D. trainees' imagination.
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle appears in Avengers Assemble, voiced by Mark C. Hanson.
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle appears in Spider-Man, voiced by Fred Tatasciore.
Film
Janice Lincoln appears in the live-action Marvel Cinematic Universe film Spider-Man: Far From Home, portrayed by Claire Rushbrook.
Video games
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle appears in the SNES and Genesis versions of the 1995 Spider-Man video game.
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle appears as the first boss in the Japan-exclusive 1995 Super Famicom game Spider-Man: Lethal Foes.
The Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle briefly appears in the PlayStation exclusive game Spider-Man 2: Enter Electro, voiced by Daran Norris.
The Ultimate Marvel incarnation of the Beetle appears in the Ultimate Spider-Man video game, voiced by Tucker Smallwood. This version works for Latverian agents, collecting genetic information from superhumans to genetically-engineer super-soldiers.
The Janice Lincoln incarnation of the Beetle appears as a boss in the video game Marvel: Avengers Alliance.
The Ultimate Marvel incarnation of the Beetle appears as a playable character in Lego Marvel Super Heroes, voiced again by Steven Blum.
Toys
In 1997, the Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle received an action figure in the Spider-Man: The Animated Series tie-in toyline despite not appearing in the show.
In 2005, the Leila Davis incarnation of the Beetle received an action figure in the "Spider-Man Classics" line.
In 2013, the Ultimate Marvel incarnation of Beetle received a figure in the Ultimate Spider-Man "Daily Bugle Showdown" play set from Lego.
In 2014, the Ultimate Marvel incarnation of the Beetle received a figure in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 line of the Marvel Legends series despite not appearing in the film.
In 2016, the Janice Lincoln incarnation of the Beetle received an action figure in the Absorbing Man BAF (Build-A-Figure) Spider-Man Marvel Legends line.
In 2017, the Abner Jenkins incarnation of the Beetle received an action figure in the Vulture Wing BAF Wave, coinciding with the release of the film Spider-Man: Homecoming.
References
External links
Beetle (disambiguation) at the Marvel Universe
Beetle at the Marvel Database Project
Articles about multiple fictional characters
Characters created by Carl Burgos
Characters created by Stan Lee
Comics characters introduced in 1963
Marvel Comics supervillains
Science fiction weapons
Spider-Man characters
Gustaf Pelander (23 August 1887 – 9 August 1964) was a Finnish wrestler. They competed in the heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1887 births
1964 deaths
Sportspeople from Vaasa
People from Vaasa Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Mazocraeidae is a flatworm family in the order Mazocraeidea.
Genera
according to PESI
Grubea Diesing, 1858
Kuhnia Sproston, 1945
Mazocraeoides Price, 1936
Mazocraes Hermann, 1782
Ophicotyle Beneden & Hesse, 1863
Pseudanthocotyloides Price, 1959
Pseudoanthocotyle Bychowsky & Nagibina, 1954
Pseudokuhnia Rohde & Watson, 1985
According to the World Register of Marine Species
Clupeocotyle Hargis, 1955
Cribromazocraes Mamaev, 1981
Grubea Diesing, 1858
Heteromazocraes Mamaev, 1981
Kuhnia Sproston, 1945
Leptomazocraes Mamaev, 1975
Mazocraeoides Price, 1936
Mazocraes Hermann, 1782
Neogrubea
Neomazocraes Price, 1934
Ophicotyle Beneden & Hesse, 1863
Paramazocraes Tripathi, 1959
Pseudanthocotyle Bychowsky & Nagibina, 1954
Pseudanthocotyloides Price, 1959
Pseudokuhnia Rohde & Watson, 1985
Pseudomazocraes Price, 1961
Reimericotyle Mamaev, 1984
Taurimazocraes Mamaev, 1982
Pseudoanthocotyloides Price, 1959 accepted as Pseudanthocotyloides Price, 1959
References
External links
Polyopisthocotylea
Platyhelminthes families
Dioscorea fordii is a herbaceous vine with oppositely arranged leaves and large, starchy rhizomes which grow vertically into the soil. It is indigenous to the Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, and Zhejiang provinces of China, where it is typically found in forest areas or on disturbed ground beside roads or rivers.
The species is cultivated in China for food and as use in traditional Chinese medicine. Compared with the well known Chinese yam, Dioscorea polystachya, D. fordii exhibits a higher starch content, but a lower protein content. Nutrient composition of the rhizome of the plant was conducted, revealing that it contains approximately 76.5% starch, 9.9% protein, and 1.03% fiber by dry weight.
References
fordii
Edible plants
New Surrender is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Anberlin, released on September 30, 2008. It is the band's first album on a major label, after signing with Universal Republic Records on August 16, 2007. The album peaked at number 13 on the Billboard 200 and 5 on the Billboard Top Modern Rock / Alternative Albums chart.
Anberlin went in to record their fourth album only twelve months after the 2007 release of their third, Cities. The album was recorded at NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood, California, in early 2008 by producer Neal Avron. The first single from the album, "Feel Good Drag" was originally set to be released to radio prior to the album on August 18, 2008, but was pushed back to August 26.
Production
Background
Anberlin set about doing two weeks of pre-production for New Surrender, a significant amount more than the four days they did with Cities. Guitarist Joseph Milligan said the pre-production comprised them "playing in a room, playing all the new songs together and working on parts together. We would tweak things here and there." They also said the extra time allowed more input from the other band members, "everybody tossed in ideas. It was something we had never really had before. It was definitely a group effort." The two weeks enabled Milligan and fellow guitarist Christian McAlhaney to weed down the original 24 songs they had, to just 17, before moving into the studio and tracking 15.
Writing and recording
Vocalist and lyricist Stephen Christian, said that they wrote a portion of the fourth album while on a trip to New Orleans, at a small cafe named Kahve. Christian said "the pressures were immense" after signing with Universal, and that they had a "minor breakdown" leading them to "run away to New Orleans" in February to write a couple of songs for the record. Reminiscing over the experience they added, "the songs that came from the trip, inspired by New Orleans, are like none other before".
In an interview with Hurley Blog, Stephen Christian stated their top five lyrical influences for the album have been: "1. The war (in Iraq) 2. Revelations/conspiracy theories 3. Recent news that one of our close friends has been diagnosed with what could be a terminal disease 4. My time spent in New Orleans 5. My current relationship." Rhythm guitarist Christian McAlhaney has made their debut as a songwriter on the album; Stephen Christian said "He is an incredible counterpoint to Joseph Milligan and has written several songs that are going to be on this record!.".
After years of work with friend and producer Aaron Sprinkle, the band opted for change and along with Universal Republic, selected notable producer Neal Avron. Avron has been involved in the genre for years, producing albums for Yellowcard, New Found Glory and Fall Out Boy. The band completed pre-production on February 11–29, 2008, cutting down from the original 26 songs to just 15,
incidentally by turning four songs into a single one.
The actual recording and production took place at multiple studios in Hollywood, California, under Avron throughout March and early April 2008. The first recording took place at Swing House Recordings in West Hollywood, followed by NRG Recording Studios in North Hollywood, where they completed at a lot of the drum tracks and began the bass and guitar tracks. Finally they completed recording at The Boat Studio in Silver Lake, where the main focus was the vocals.
The band stated in a webchat session with AbsolutePunk.net that they would be using a wide range of instruments including the sitar, this claim was later declared as a joke, with Joseph Milligan saying, "It was a joke! There's no sitar! Now I kind of wish there was so that we could actually say that!"
Title
The album's mysterious title has been explained multiple times by Anberlin's lyricist Christian. They have said the title explains people's need to give things up to change, "In everybody's life, there's something they know they have to give up... There's something they have to change or take care of in their lives to progress to the next step." Their original explanation on the band's Myspace blog quickly spread across music news sites, with them reporting their insight on the title and how "we must change, not because we want to, but because we desperately have to."
Christian alluded to the title's power, "I think it's a motivational speech, in two words... Hopefully, [New Surrender] is that motivational speech in 40 minutes."
Promotion
A pre-order for the upcoming album was available throughout the 2008 Warped Tour in the US. Anberlin was showcasing their new material on the main stage for the entire tour, with the pre-order coming with a USB device on a wristband. The USB contained a direct link to a digital download of the album, available on the release date September 30, 2008. The USB also had four exclusive tracks, including an alternate acoustic remix of "Breaking", and remixes of "Hello Alone", "The Unwinding Cable Car" and "The Feel Good Drag".
In response to some fans who claimed Anberlin was selling out, the band members released a music video called "Compound Lockdown". Christian McAlhaney introduced the video by saying that Anberlin "likes money a lot" and was going in a different direction, more towards a "hip-hop, thug rap, dirty south kind of thing". The song "Drop Dat (Did You?)" comes on next, displaying Stephen Christian and the members of Anberlin, accompanied by Vic Fuentes of Pierce the Veil and members of Four Year Strong, rapping to the song. This, of course, is meant to be taken lightly as a joke.
Reception
Critical response
New Surrender received critical acclaim from critics. AllMusic's Jared Johnson gave the album 4.5/5, calling New Surrender Anberlin's "best sense of direction yet" and said the album wasn't "as much a diversion as it is a realization of their potential to finally seize the full emo spirit in all its glory". Lindsay Wiseman of Jesus Freak Hideout said, "Much respect is deserved and given to Anberlin for making the always-risky move to a major record company... Through the differences you will find, you will see these changes are not necessarily negative. At the heart of this album, you know it's still Anberlin." AbsolutePunk's writer Blake Solomon said they "was forced to deal with some devastating news: Anberlin has signed to a major label," going onto reveal, "Of course it's just my luck that New Surrender rocks with the force of Blueprints (for the Blackmarket) and smarts of Never Take Friendship Personal." Patrol Magazine's David Sessions gave the album a 7.1/10, after being especially impressed by the opening track. "Like last time, New Surrender opens with a stunning, rocketing, riot-igniting send-off, except that “The Resistance” knocks “Godspeed” flat on its back, immediately demanding to be named Best Anberlin Track Ever."
Tony Cummings of Cross Rhythms gave it a 10/10, alluding to how "Predictably non-Christian critics sneer at Anberlin, Mojo magazine recently decrying, that 'painfully sincere emoting'", which is why they "can only suggest Cross Rhythms readers take the advice of the vocal hook on 'The Resistance' and 'Think for yourself.'" At CCM Magazine, Andy Argyrakis gave it a 5/5, saying that "Long story short, New Surrender is hands-down one of 2008's most essential albums to own and is sure to position Anberlin as much deserved cross-cultural superstars." Tim Grierson of About.com gave it a 3.5/5, commenting that "New Surrender may lack the rough edges of earlier Anberlin efforts, but its sleek musicianship and heartfelt songs are significant compensation." At Christianity Today, Russ Breimeier gave it 4.5/5, referencing that "though Cities will undoubtedly remain the favorite to many, these ears can't help but appreciate New Surrender as Anberlin's most varied and mature album to date." James Morovich of The Phantom Tollbooth gave it a 4/5, noting how Cities will be the best the band put out, but noting that "this album does nothing to take away me calling them one of the best Alternative Rock bands writing music right now." At Melodic, Kaj Roth gave it a 3.5/5, saying the band have "deliver[ed] a set of mighty fine songs."
Chart performance and sales
In the week of its release, New Surrender sold 36,000 units, entering the Billboard 200 at the number 13 position, surpassing the number 19 peak reached by Cities. It was also announced that the album had debuted at number five on the Billboard Top Modern Rock / Alternative Albums chart, number one on the Top Christian Albums chart, number six on the Top Digital Albums chart. New Surrender came in at number 85 on the Australian ARIA charts.
In its first two weeks, New Surrender sold over 45,000 copies in the United States alone. The album held its ground in the Billboard 200, staying in the top 100 for three weeks, coming in at number 50 in week two and 79 in week three.
Singles chart positions
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Anberlin unless otherwise noted.
Release history
Personnel
Stephen Christian – lead vocals, piano, keyboards
Joseph Milligan – lead guitar, backing vocals
Christian McAlhaney – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Deon Rexroat – bass guitar
Nathan Young – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Sean Mackin - orchestration, string arrangements
Samuel Fischer - violin
Ginger Murphy - cello
Sara Parkins - violin
Anna Stafford - violin
Amy Wickman - violin
Production
Neal Avron - production, engineering, mixing
Nate Albert - A&R
Jordan Butcher - art direction, design
Dave Colvin - assistant engineer
Mike Fasano - drum technician
Nicolas Fournier - mixing assistant
Kyle Griner - management
Ted Jensen - mastering
Mike Laza - assistant engineer
Tom MacKay - A&R
James Minchin - photography
Alyssa Pittaluga - assistant engineer
Erich Talaba - engineer
References
General
Specific
2008 albums
Anberlin albums
Albums produced by Neal Avron
The Marathon Dam is a gravity dam on the Charadros River, near its junction with the Varnavas Stream, west of Marathon and northeast of Athens in Greece. The dam created Lake Marathon for the primary purpose of municipal water supply. Constructed between 1926 and 1929, it was the sole supplier of water to Athens until 1959. The dam is often cited for its role in the modernization of Greece and the first recorded case of seismic activity associated with reservoir inundation. It was also designed to be symbolic of Ancient Greece, particularly Athenians and the Battle of Marathon.
Background
The Marathon Dam was originally proposed, designed, funded and tendered in 1918, but was declared illegal by Prime Minister Dimitrios Gounaris, who succeeded Eleftherios Venizelos in late 1920, because there had been no public bidding for the project. With a strong influx of Greek refugees from Asia Minor following the defeat at the Greco-Turkish War of 1919–1922 (the "Asia Minor Disaster") and the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, which led to the population exchange between Greece and Turkey, Greek officials were searching for a means to supply Athens with more water. An estimated 1.3 million refugees were returning and the population of Athens would end up doubling between 1920 and 1928. At the time, Greece underwent a period of political turmoil that saw the fall of the monarchy and the establishment of a Second Hellenic Republic, as well as several military coups and counter-coups. Near the end of this period, all major water supply projects for Athens were reevaluated and a five-volume report was published. The report described the Marathon Dam as "the optimal solution" and the "last recourse" for Athens.
The dam was approved in 1923 and was to be implemented immediately. After a restricted public bidding, Ulen & Co. from New York City was selected to construct the project. On December 22, 1924, Ulen signed a contract with the Greek government and the Bank of Athens to construct the dam. This included the dam, reservoir, a conveyance pipe and a water treatment plant. The Greek parliament also approved the project and legislated the creation of the Hellenic Water Company (EEY) to oversee construction and manage water for Athens, amongst other Greek cities. The project's cost exceeded that of the National Bank of Greece and was funded with a $10 million loan to be repaid to Ulen, who had considerably more financial backing to complete the average-sized project. Under EEY, a Ulen-controlled consortium with the Bank of Athens and the Greek Government was formed.
Construction
The foundation stone for the dam was laid in October 1926 by Prime Minister Alexandros Zaimis; Venizelos was also present at the ceremony. With 450 workers, construction continued on the dam and water network for three years and in 1929, the reservoir began to fill. Work on the dam and water network was complete in May 1931. A year after inauguration, the Boyati Tunnel was transferring per second of water treated at the Galatsi Water Treatment Plant to Athens. The dam would serve as the primary water supply for Athens until 1959, when water was pumped from Yliki lake.
Seismicity
During and after the filling of the Marathon Dam's reservoir, there was seismic activity, with all the epicenters being within of the reservoir. The first earthquakes were felt in 1931, with two 5MW+ earthquakes occurring in 1938. All but two of the earthquakes were believed to have occurred during rapid rises in the reservoir level. This seismic activity is the earliest known example of earthquakes being caused by reservoir filling.
Design
The dam is a tall, long gravity dam with a crest width of and base width of . The dam's spillway is located near its southern abutment and is an uncontrolled chute-type with a discharge capacity. It is at an elevation of above sea level while the dam crest is at . The dam creates a reservoir with a maximum capacity of of which is usable. The reservoir has a maximum depth of and surface area of
The dam is located at the head of a drainage area with an average annual run-off of , of which is captured. Average rainfall in the basin is .
Symbolism
The Marathon Dam was seen as a major symbol of modernization in Greece. The dam's location near Marathon signified a connection to Greece's past with the Athenians' victory at the Battle of Marathon, while its modern structure, the largest project in the Balkans at the time, signified a connection to the future and victory over nature. A replica of the Athenian Treasury temple at Delphi constructed at the base of the dam further illustrates the connection. A plaque on the temple reads:
"To commemorate their victory at the battle of Marathon, the Athenians erected a treasury at Delphi. This building is a replica and commemorates a victory at Marathon in wrestling from nature its life giving water for the citizens of Athens."
The dam's face and visible structure were also covered in the same Pentelikon marble that was used to construct the Parthenon.
References
Dams in Greece
Dams completed in 1929
Buildings and structures in East Attica
Gravity dams
Marathon, Greece
Karne Prabhakar (born 1970) is an Indian politician and politburo member of Telangana Rashtra Samithi.
Early life
They were born in Samsthan Narayanpur, Nalgonda District. Their father was a government school teacher and their mother was a farmer. They did their schooling at their village, intermediate first year in Hyderabad and second year in Bhongir. They graduated in BA from S.L.N.S. Degree College, Bhongir in 1991. They did their Diploma in Journalism. They started a students organization, Telangana Vidyarthi Sangam in college as a sympathizer for Telangana. They joined Telangana Maha Sabha, an organization for achieving Telangana State in 1996.
Career
They entered journalism by working as a freelancer and in 1995-96 worked with Gemini TV as a contributor. In 1991, they entered business in earth moving excavator Contractor and was successful.
Political career
They were inspired by K. Chandrashekar Rao for attainment of statehood for Telangana and joined TRS as founder member in 2001. They worked as youth president, General Secretary, spokesperson in the party.
Karne Prabhakar contested as MLA candidate in 2004 for TRS but lost the election.
 They are an MLC of Telangana Assembly and was youth wing state president of TRS party.
 They are one of the key members in TRS. They speak well and handles situations with sensibility.  They are as MLC on Telangana Rashtra Samithi ticket. Previously, they worked as in charge for LB Nagar Constituency.
 They are MLC in governor quota from 2014 to 2020-08-20.
References
Telangana Rashtra Samithi politicians
Telugu people
Living people
People from Telangana
1970 births
Hollingworth Lake Rowing Club is a rowing club on Hollingworth Lake and based at The Clubhouse, Lake Bank, Littleborough, Greater Manchester. The club was founded in 1872 but the current clubhouse was built in 1972.
The club has produced multiple British champions.
Honours
British champions
References
Sport in Greater Manchester
Rowing clubs in England
Raiz is the second album released by fado singer Cuca Roseta. It was released in May 2013 by Universal Music Portugal. Roseta composed the music and wrote the lyrics on most of the album's songs. Mário Barreiros and Rosetta co-produced the album. It was certified as a golden disc in August 2014.
Track listing
Fado Do Cansaço
Fado Da Essência
Fado Do Contra
Fado Do Abraço
Fado Proibido (music by Pedro Lima)
Fado Da Vaidade (lyrics by Florbela Espanca)
Fado Do Perdão (music by André Sardet)
Fado Da Esperança
Fado Menor Isabel
Fado Da Entrega
Fado Dos Sentidos
Fado Do Silêncio
Fado De Inverno
Fado Da Vida (lyrics By José Avillez, music by Tozé Brito)
References
Cuca Roseta albums
2013 albums
Portuguese-language albums
Universal Music Group albums
Burnet v. Sanford & Brooks Co., 282 U.S. 359 (1931), was a case heard before the United States Supreme Court dealing with accounting for purposes of federal income tax and the Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The case held that an annual accounting system is a practical necessity if the federal income tax is to produce revenue ascertainable and payable at regular intervals.
The case was decided at a time when losses could not be carried forward to future years. Since 2018, Section 172 of the Internal Revenue Code now generally allows a taxpayer to use net operating losses from previous years to deduct up to 80% of income for a given year.
References
External links
United States Sixteenth Amendment case law
United States taxation and revenue case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Hughes Court
1931 in United States case law
Werner J.A. Dahm (born 1957) is an ASU Foundation Professor of Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering at Arizona State University. Dahm is the director of the Security & Defense Systems Initiative at ASU.
Dahm is Emeritus Professor of Aerospace Engineering at University of Michigan.  They are a member of the United States Air Force Scientific Advisory Board.
Life
Dahm graduated from University of Alabama in Huntsville and the California Institute of Technology.
References
External links
Media
Living people
People from Huntsville, Alabama
Fellows of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
1957 births
Chief Scientists of the United States Air Force
University of Michigan faculty
In mathematics and particularly in elementary geometry, a circumgon is a geometric figure which circumscribes some circle, in the sense that it is the union of the outer edges of non-overlapping triangles each of which has a vertex at the center of the circle and opposite side on a line that is tangent to the circle. The limiting case in which part or all of the circumgon is a circular arc is permitted. A circumgonal region is the union of those triangular regions.
Every triangle is a circumgonal region because it circumscribes the circle known as the incircle of the triangle. Every square is a circumgonal region. In fact, every regular polygon is a circumgonal region, as is more generally every tangential polygon. But not every polygon is a circumgonal region: for example, a non-square rectangle is not. A circumgonal region need not even be a convex polygon: for example, it could consist of three triangular wedges meeting only at the circle's center.
All circumgons have common properties regarding area–perimeter ratios and centroids. It is these properties that make circumgons interesting objects of study in elementary geometry.
The concept and the terminology of a circumgon were introduced and their properties investigated first by Tom M. Apostol and Mamikon A. Mnatsakanian in a paper published in 2004.
Properties
Given a circumgon, the circle which the circumgon circumscribes is called the incircle of the circumgon, the radius of the circle is called the inradius, and its center is called the incenter.
The area of a circumgonal region is equal to half the product of its perimeter (the total length of the outer edges) and its inradius.
The vector from the incenter to the area centroid, GA , of a circumgonal region and the vector from the incenter to the centroid of its boundary (outer edge points), GB , are related by
Thus the two centroids and the incenter are collinear.
References
Circles
Triangle geometry
Geometric shapes
Siheung County(Siheung-gun, 시흥군; 1895-1989) is a former country in Gyeonggi-do.
Siheung City(Siheung-si, 시흥시; 1989-) is a city in Gyeonggi-do.
Siheung-dong(시흥동), is an dong in Geumcheon-gu, Seoul.
Siheung-dong, Seongnam is an dong in Sujeong-gu, Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do.
The 2016 St. Petersburg Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 21st edition of the St. Petersburg Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 Series of the 2016 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Sibur Arena in Saint Petersburg, Russia, from September 19 through 25, 2016.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of September 12, 2016
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Alexander Bublik
Karen Khachanov
Andrey Rublev
The following player received entry using a protected ranking:
Janko Tipsarević
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Radu Albot
Daniil Medvedev
Alexandre Sidorenko
Mischa Zverev
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Marcos Baghdatis →replaced by Evgeny Donskoy
Pablo Carreño Busta →replaced by Lukáš Rosol
Ernests Gulbis →replaced by Dušan Lajović
Jiří Veselý →replaced by Ričardas Berankis
Retirements
Mikhail Kukushkin
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of September 12, 2016
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Alexander Bublik / Evgeny Donskoy
Mikhail Elgin / Alexander Kudryavtsev
Finals
Singles
Alexander Zverev defeated Stan Wawrinka, 6–2, 3–6, 7–5
Doubles
Dominic Inglot / Henri Kontinen defeated Andre Begemann / Leander Paes, 4–6, 6–3, [12–10]
External links
Official website
St. Petersburg Open
St Petersburg Open
St Petersburg Open
September 2016 sports events in Russia
Fighter Within is a Kinect-based fighting game developed by Belgian studio Daoka and published by Ubisoft. It was released on November 22, 2013 as an exclusive launch title for the Xbox One as a sequel to Fighters Uncaged (2010). It was universally panned by critics, with many considering it to be one of the worst video games of all time. X-One Magazine referred to it as one of the worst games in general.
Gameplay
Reception
Fighter Within was panned by critics, holding a Metacritic score of 23 out of 100, and is ranked as the second lowest-scoring Xbox One game as of September 2019. It became notable for its negative reception. The Kinect controls were universally criticized, with several reviews suggesting problems were just as prevalent as the Kinect for Xbox 360. Game Informer gave the game a 1 out of 10, saying "Fighter Within is garbage." GameZone's Mike Splechta gave Fighter Within a 2.5/10, stating "Fighter Within really showcases the larger problem with Kinect only games: they just don't work." IGN gave the game a 2.7 out of 10, saying that Fighter Within was only able to adequately detect basic punches, describing the game as a "disjointed", "haphazard mess" due to its unpredictable motion detection, and considered its storyline to be "laughably bad" and a "flimsy excuse" to "fight [against] a long stream of AI opponents who look just as dumb as they fight." GameSpot, who gave Fighter Within a 2 out of 10, described its gameplay as requiring players to "stand like a lemon in front of the TV for what seems like an eternity as you feel your life ebb away during the excruciatingly long loading times; punch at thin air as fast as humanly possible until you trigger a combo; watch the lifeless combo animation; repeat these steps until your opponent is defeated."
See also
Fighters Uncaged
References
External links
2013 video games
Fighting games
Kinect games
Ubisoft games
Video games developed in Belgium
Video games scored by Winifred Phillips
Xbox One games
Xbox One-only games
Single-player video games
Video game sequels
The Larson Site is a prehistoric archaeological site in Fulton County, Illinois, near the city of Lewistown. The site was the location of a Mississippian town and was occupied during the 13th and 14th centuries. The town was one of seven major town sites in the central Illinois River valley and served as a social and economic center for surrounding villages and farms. The artifacts uncovered at the site have been well-preserved and include both organic remains and intact homes, providing significant archaeological evidence regarding the Mississippian way of life.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 21, 1978.
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Fulton County, Illinois
Middle Mississippian culture
Protocadherin 19 is a protein belonging to the protocadherin family, which is part of the large cadherin superfamily of cell-adhesion proteins. The PCDH19 gene encoding the protein is located on the long arm of the X chromosome.
Clinical significance
Mutations of the PCDH19 gene cause epilepsy-intellectual disability in females. According to a review published in 2021, PCDH19 was one of the six genes most often affected in genetic epilepsies.
History
The PCDH19 gene that encodes the protein was first cloned in 2000 by Nagase et al. In 2008, PCDH19 was identified as the gene responsible for the development of epilepsy-intellectual disability in females, and in the years that have passed since, rare cases were found of males affected by this disease.
References
Cell adhesion proteins
Cadherins
Jerome Aloysius Miller (born August 24, 1946) is a contemporary American philosopher and professor emeritus at Salisbury University. Miller's research interests lie in the areas of philosophy of religion and phenomenology. Miller received a B.A. in philosophy from Scranton University, and their doctorate in philosophy from Georgetown University.
Biography
Miller was a professor at Salisbury University for 36 years, from 1972 until their retirement in 2008. They have written articles that have appeared in the popular and academic press in venues such as the Washingtonian, Commonweal, and Philosophy Today.
Selected publications
Books
The Way of Suffering: A Geography of Crisis (Georgetown University Press, 1988)
In the Throe of Wonder: Intimations of the Sacred in a Post-Modern World (SUNY Press, 1992)
Sobering Wisdom: Philosophical Explorations of Twelve Step Spirituality (co-author with Nicholas Plants)
Articles
"Insight, Judgement, World: Rethinking the Ontology of Being and Time" Philosophy in the Contemporary World 5 (2) (1998): 45-53.
"The trauma of evil and the traumatological conception of forgiveness" Continental Philosophy Review 42 (3) (2009): 401-419.
"Intelligibility and the ethical" American Catholic Philosophical Quarterly 71 (1997): 101-112.
"Horror and the destruction of the self" Philosophy Today 32 (4) (1988): 286-298.
"Wonder as hinge" International Philosophical Quarterly 29 (1) (1989): 53-66.
"Process, praxis, and transcendence" International Philosophical Quarterly 40 (3) (2000): 385-387.
"On the way between Heidegger and Lonergan" Journal of Speculative Philosophy 2 (2) (1988): 63-88.
References
External links
Page at Salisbury University
1946 births
Living people
20th-century American philosophers
21st-century American philosophers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Salisbury University faculty
20th-century American writers
Karahamzalı, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Daxata lepesmei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961. It is known from Laos.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1961
N14, or Rijksweg 14, is a dual carriageway in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands.
It goes from the end of N440 (western interchange with dual carriageway N44, from The Hague city center to motorway A44) and ends in Motorway A4 and the Hague district Leidschenstad.
It is a part of the Ring Den Haag (The Hague), together with local roads, a part of the A4 and the short N440.
In Leidschendam-Voorburg the N14 runs through the three Sijtwende tunnels, which together are just named Sijtwendetunnel (as if it is just one tunnel!). These tunnels cross a railway a local road and a canal, but the longest part runs under residential neighbourhoods, partly alove ground in a "levee".
External links
Pictures of N14 (with Dutch descriptions)
References
14
Saints Philo and Agathopodes were two deacons who assisted Ignatius. After their martyrdom, it was they who brought back their relics to Antioch.
References
2nd-century Christian saints
Deacons
150 deaths
Year of birth unknown
January 2019
See also
References
killings by law enforcement officers
01
Eros is the working title
of an unreleased album by American alternative metal band Deftones, with tentative release dates in 2008 and 2009. The band spent time recording the album from April to November 2008 at The Spot in Los Angeles. The November 2008 car accident of bassist Chi Cheng forced the band to initially hold off on releasing the album, however, and they later shelved the album indefinitely in a creative decision to move forward. With Cheng in a coma, Deftones recruited former Quicksand bassist Sergio Vega and released Diamond Eyes instead in 2010. In the years that followed, the band has had mixed feelings about finishing and officially releasing Eros at some point down the road. The recording sessions of this album marked the first time in five years, since their self-titled fourth album, that Deftones had worked with Terry Date.
Background and recording
Precursors (2000–2006)
Beginning with the writing process and subsequent rigorous touring schedule to promote Deftones' 2000 album White Pony, the relationship among band members started to dissolve. This tension carried over to the recording of the group's fourth studio album, Deftones, in 2003, which was a dark and depressing record. Deftones were not pleased with the album they created and did not tour much in support of it. They soon started work on what would eventually become Saturday Night Wrist, a record that was pieced together with the members emailing each other their own recorded parts and not written as a full band. In the middle of recording Saturday Night Wrist, singer Chino Moreno went on a three-month tour with their side project Team Sleep. Deftones were on the verge of breaking up due to the unstable personal lives of each member both inside and outside of the band. This time period in the band's chronology is referred to by Deftones as "the Dark Days".
Resolutions and beginning to write Eros (2007)
Prior to the tour in support of Saturday Night Wrist, a meeting was held with Deftones and their management about the fate of the band. When asked if the members still wanted to continue as a band, "the answer was a unanimous, 'Fuck yeah we do,'" which resulted in a "huge powwow and hug session." This meeting was a major turning point for band morale. Hoping for a rapid turnaround from their previous album, Deftones quickly started writing music for Eros as early as May 2007, only seven months after Saturday Night Wrist was released, and continued writing throughout the remainder of the year. During their tour with The Fall of Troy, Deftones set up a room backstage each night to jam together as a whole band.
In October 2007, Deftones returned to their home in California and revamped their studio, The Spot. According to Carpenter, the studio became more of a clubhouse or "treehouse with a studio in it". The band built a bar in the studio and would go there to drink, play cards and hang out before picking up their instruments each day. Deftones used their pre-production time as therapy to vent about their lives in a positive environment. At this time, several members were going through divorces, custody battles over their children, money issues and other problems. By the end of October, Deftones had written half of an album, and continued to write throughout the rest of 2007 with intentions to self-produce the material in the following year.
Recording and Cheng's accident (2008)
The working title of "Eros" was announced in January 2008. The tentative title stemmed from an inside joke between the band members. Drummer Abe Cunningham stated that while touring Germany, "There'd always be some sort of German porn, and they would always say [in heavy, lust accent], 'Eros.' it was just kind of funny, and it's been a joke for years." Deftones officially entered the studio on April 14, 2008 with producer Terry Date (who they had worked with on their first four studio albums, from 1995's Adrenaline through 2003's Deftones) and engineer Scott Olson. For the first time in the group's history, Deftones created a blog specifically to update fans on the progress of recording. In September 2008, Deftones began playing the new song "Melanie" during live performances. Around this time, Date began mixing some of the songs at their home studio in Seattle, Washington. They had also planned on releasing one video of studio updates online per week leading up to the album's release, but only released five before production was put on hold.
Cheng was on their way home returning from their brother's memorial service on November 3, 2008 when they were involved in a serious car accident. Moreno had just left the studio after recording vocal tracks for Eros, and was about halfway done with their vocal work on the album when the accident occurred. Cheng was rushed to an ICU and was later announced to be in a coma. All production on the album halted, with the main focus of the band members on Cheng's condition.
Shelving Eros, new albums and Cheng's death (2009–2013)
With production on Eros still on hold, Deftones recruited former Quicksand bassist Vega to fill in for various festival shows and also fundraising concerts for Cheng's hospital bills in early 2009. Vega had previously filled during 1999 tours after Cheng underwent foot surgery. In July 2009, Deftones announced they had indefinitely shelved Eros in favor of work on a new album written with Vega. At the time, only about six songs were completed for Eros. Moreno estimated that Eros''' instrumental portions were "probably 75-80% done" while the lyrics were about halfway completed, requiring about six more months of work to finish. Their decision to temporarily scrap the album and start over was a "purely creative" choice, and had nothing to do with the bassist's condition. Instead of finishing what they had started and releasing the nearly complete Eros, which was described as a dark album, Deftones wanted to write an optimistic and uplifting album to help cope with the situation with Cheng. The band used the same method of writing music as a group and avoiding Pro Tools that was used with the writing and recording of Eros.
The resulting album, Diamond Eyes, was released on May 4, 2010. Deftones supported this release throughout 2010 and 2011 involving international tours. With Eros still shelved, Deftones began writing a second album with Vega in 2011, and released their follow-up to Diamond Eyes, titled Koi No Yokan, on November 13, 2012. Though Cheng was showing signs of improvement from their condition since the accident, they died on April 13, 2013 after their heart suddenly stopped, making Eros the last Deftones album Cheng worked on.
Musical style
Contrasted with the lighter and more atmospheric sound of Saturday Night Wrist, Eros was expected to be a heavier album. In 2008, prior to recording, the album had been described as the band's "most unorthodox piece of work" containing "that good old 'Fuck you, I hope you die!' aggression." On previous Deftones records, Moreno wrote some of the guitar parts with Stephen Carpenter, but Moreno stepped down from guitars to focus solely on vocals and lyrics, giving Carpenter full creative control over guitar composition. Whereas Moreno writes slower more mid-tempo songs, Carpenter writes "snappier", more uptempo songs. The songs they wrote for Eros were described as "energetic" and "dance-y." Eros was also later described as a very dark and experimental album that pushed each member's creative boundaries. Comparisons were drawn between the more experimental tracks and Pink Floyd's "lengthy spaced-out songs, psychedelic vibes and plenty of jamming" by Revolver. The song "Dallas" was specifically compared to the "big sounding, real mid-tempo" song "Minerva" from Deftones' self-titled album. In a 2010 interview with Vega, they described the Eros material as longer and more complex than the songs recorded for Diamond Eyes.
Possible release
Several tentative release dates for Eros were announced before it was shelved indefinitely. When the band started writing the album in 2007, a late 2008 release was expected. As late 2008 began to approach, the tentative release date was pushed back to early 2009, or simply "winter", as seen in the teaser studio videos. After Cheng's car accident, it was uncertain if the album would ever get released. After Deftones began playing shows in early 2009, a new tentative release date of October 2009 was announced.
However, Deftones started writing new music with Vega, and in June 2009, the band made the creative decision to hold off on releasing Eros indefinitely in favor of a new album, later called Diamond Eyes. The band still hopes to release Eros at some point down the road, but a specific or tentative date is unknown. As of 2021, there is no estimated release date for the album. Feeling that the album is attached to the tragedy surrounding Cheng, the group would like to wait until enough time has passed for the songs to stand on their own merits. Ideally, Deftones would have preferred for Cheng to come out of their comatose state before the album's release. According to Moreno:
In May 2013, one month after Cheng's death, Moreno said the likelihood of Eros being released was greater now than ever before. They also added: "I actually went back and listened to some of it recently and... you know, I don't know when [we will put it out] or... but I feel it's a little more appropriate now for us to think about that [than it has been] in the last few years to think about." They later clarified that Deftones would likely release at least one more album after Koi No Yokan before considering an official release for Eros.
On April 13, 2014, the first anniversary of Cheng's death, Deftones released the track "Smile" on YouTube, the first officially released material from the long-shelved album. The video was removed by Warner Music Group two days later due to copyright infringement, despite the track having been uploaded by Moreno. In 2021, Moreno revealed that they decided to mix, master and leak "Smile" on their own on the anniversary of Cheng's death without the rest of the band's knowledge.
After Koi No Yokans follow-up album Gore was released in 2016, Moreno seemed less interested in finishing Eros citing the unfinished album's poor quality. They said they "wasn't too happy with the material we had" and that "some of the music was lacking a little bit". Moreno elaborated:
In a 2020 interview, Abe Cunningham noted that the band wasn't satisfied with the quality of some of the songs and many were incomplete, but that Deftones had discussed possibly releasing some of the completed tracks in an EP format. In 2021, Moreno stated that aside from revisiting "Smile" in 2014, they have not opened the Eros sessions files on their hard drive since 2008. Unlike "Smile," Moreno would want the full band's input on finishing the Eros songs, but is hesitant to revisit these songs. They said, "As to where if I put those [Eros songs] on, it was gonna take me back to that time, which I didn't want to be in. And I'm still kind of hesitant to go back and listen. It's probably why I haven't opened it up and listened to a lot of it."
Legacy
A decade after it was shelved indefinitely and while still unreleased, Eros began appearing on music journalists' lists of top unreleased albums. In 2019, the album was listed on [[Kerrang!|Kerrang!s]] "12 Rock And Metal Albums That Never Were" list and [[Metal Hammer|''Metal Hammers]] "The Greatest Metal Records That Never Were" list. In 2021, Stereogum included Eros on the publication's list of "45 Lost Albums We Want To Hear."
Working track titles
According to Chino Moreno, Deftones recorded 11 or 12 songs during the Eros sessions. The working titles of all songs from the Eros'' sessions were named after strippers. The song "Smile" was the only track to be mixed and mastered.
"Dallas"
"Destiny"
"Melanie"
""
"Smile"
PersonnelDeftonesStephen Carpenter – guitars
Chi Cheng – bass guitar
Abe Cunningham – drums
Frank Delgado – keyboards, samples
Chino Moreno – vocalsProduction and recording'''
Terry Date – producer
Scott Olson – audio engineer
Shaun Lopez – additional recording on "Smile"
References
External links
Eros studio videos 1–5 at MySpace Video
Deftones albums
Albums produced by Terry Date
Unreleased albums
Unfinished albums
Eremophila calorhabdos, commonly known as red rod or spiked eremophila, is a flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is a distinctive shrub with erect, rod-like branches up to high, leaves with small teeth along the edges, and flowers that change from orange to lipstick pink as they open.
Description
Eremophila calorhabdos is an unusual shrub with a single vertical branch or a few branches up to tall. The branches are densely covered with white hairs contrasting with the green leaves which have fewer hairs. The leaves are crowded and overlapping, arranged spirally, mostly long and wide and elliptic to egg-shaped with small, fine teeth along the edges.
The flowers are borne singly in leaf axils on a stalk long. There are 5 triangular, green sepals which are long. The petals are long and joined at their lower end to form a tube. The flower buds are orange-coloured but when open, the tube is bright pink to red or purplish. The petal lobes are pointed and the lowest lobe is curved backwards. The 4 stamens extend beyond the petal tube. Flowering mostly occurs from August to May but the flowers are usually most prolific from October to December. Flowering is followed by fruit which are dry, oval-shaped and long.
Taxonomy and naming
The species was first formally described by Ludwig Diels in 1904 and the description was published in Botanische Jahrbücher für Systematik, Pflanzengeschichte und Pflanzengeographie. The specific epithet (calorhabdos) means "beautiful wand or spear-shaft".
Distribution and habitat
Eremophila calorhabdos occurs in areas north of Esperance between Grass Patch, Balladonia and Lake King in the Esperance Plains, Coolgardie and Mallee biogeographic regions. It is common in areas disturbed by fire, growing in scattered colonies in sandy, clay or loamy soils on undulating plains and areas that are wet in winter.
Conservation status
Eremophila calorhabdos is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.
Use in horticulture
Red rod is an attractive, fast growing, garden feature plant that has been grown and flowered in different parts of Australia. It is easily propagated from cuttings although a grey-leaved form is more difficult. It grows well in a variety of soils, in full sun or filtered shade and is drought tolerant and frost tolerant as long as the soil is not wet. It can be pruned to form a hedge but must not be pruned below the foliage.
References
calorhabdos
Eudicots of Western Australia
Plants described in 1904
Endemic flora of Western Australia
30 Greatest Hits may refer to:
30 Greatest Hits (Aretha Franklin album), 1985
30 Greatest Hits (Red Elvises album), 2006
30 Greatest Hits, an album by La Sombra, 1997
Get Stoned (30 Greatest Hits), an album by The Rolling Stones, 1977
A batten is a piece of construction material.
Batten may also refer to:
Batten (surname), for people named Batten
Batten (car), a British automobile produced in the 1930s
Batten (theater), a horizontal pole from which lights, props or curtains may be hung
Batten disease, a disorder of the nervous system
Batten Kill, an American river that rises in Vermont and flows into New York
Batten Kill Railroad, a class III railroad operating in New York
Mount Batten, an outcrop of rock at Plymouth Sound in England
Sail batten, a flexible insert in a sail to help shape it as an airfoil
BBDO (Batten, Barton, Durstine & Osborn), an American advertising agency
See also
Baton (disambiguation)
Battenberg (disambiguation)
Mountbatten (disambiguation)
Palamutköy, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Sailing/Yachting made its first appearance as an Olympic sport at the 1900 Summer Olympics after competitions were cancelled at the 1896 Olympics. With the exception of 1904, sailing was thereafter always a part of the Olympic program. The sailing program in 1900 consisted of a total of eight sailing classes. For six classes, the races were scheduled from 20 – 27 May at the river Seine around Meulan, and a series of three races was held for the largest classes from 1–5 August on the North Atlantic off the coast of Le Havre. Approximately 150 sailors in 64 boats (the numbers of boats and competitors are not reliable, as in the official report some figures of the World exhibition and the Olympic Games are mixed) from 6 nations competed, including 1 woman, Hélène de Pourtalès, who won a gold medal in the 1 to 2 ton.
Venues
During the early years of the Olympic movement there were no strict rules for the assignment of venues. For the Olympic sailing in 1900 the organizers decided to combine the Olympic sailing for the smaller yachts with the regattas of the Exposition Universelle on the river Seine near Meulan. For the larger yachts an Olympic regatta was held at Le Havre.
Meulan
During the Olympic regattas of the Exposition Universelle of 1900 there were more than 100 yachts racing from Paris, Rouen, Cannes, Nantes and Arcachon and yachts from England, Germany, the United States and Holland. The Bassin Olympique was the river Seine near the Cercle de la Voile de Paris that served as the Olympic harbor.
The race conditions at Meulan during the Olympic regatta were not ideal. A light breeze could hardly make the sailing interesting. Since the river Seine mainly runs from east to west, the light north-easterly breeze was partly blocked by buildings or trees on the river bank, thus heavily influencing the regatta.
Le Havre
During the second part of the Olympic regatta the Atlantic Ocean was used for the races of the 10 – 20 ton and the 20+ ton yachts. The conditions during the regatta were so good that the 10 – 20 Ton class was able to sail the complete 22 nautical mile triangular course. The premises of the Société des Régates du Havre were used as Olympic harbor.
Course areas
Since there were two venues there were two course areas. One the river Seine near Meulan. Here the organization could set courses of . The other course area was on the North Atlantic off the coats of Le Havre. Here courses could be set up to .
Participating nations
6 nations sent sailors. Several teams had crews from multiple countries, and in one case, they won a gold medal. This team, of the United Kingdom and France, is attributed as a mixed team.
Classes (equipment)
Sailing during the turn of the century was not as well defined as it became later during the 20th century. Racing rules were mostly defined by local yacht clubs or in some cases by a National Yachting Federation. Also, boats were not standardized to what are now called One Design or One Builder classes. Therefore, many handicap systems or systems that put yachts into different categories were used. In 1892, Auguste Godinet developed a formula that placed different boats in different Ton categories. This rule was adopted by the Union des yachts français and later by several other National Yachting Federations such as the Société Nautique de Genève. For the sailing at the 1900 Olympics this rule was chosen to determine the tonnage of a yacht.
For the smallest class, 0 – ½ Ton, among others, Larks were used. These Larks, copies of the Davis Lark and of the Sorceress designed by Linton Hope, became famous One Designs in France (Monotype de Chatou at the beginning of the 20th century.
The Olympics were open for the following classes:
Race schedule
Medal summary
The results of the individual races are known; however, in the past there has not been consensus on which races were considered "Olympic" and thus who the Olympic medalists were. The Official Report, International Olympic Committee (IOC), International Sailing Federation (ISAF) and Sports Reference present different medalists. The IOC has never decided which events were "Olympic" and which were not. Occasionally, sources differ on the nationality of competitors (such as H. MacHenry, alternately listed as French or American). For example, the medalists in the 3 – 10 Ton races are shown in the various sources as:
In all classes at Meulan except the Open class, there were two distinct "finals." Boats were assigned time handicaps according to their weight within each class and prizes were handed out to the winners of each race. The IOC initially recognized the winner of the first race in each class as Olympic champion except in the case of the 10 – 20 ton class, which was decided on aggregate time over three races. However, currently the participants of both first and second races in three classes (0 – 0.5t, 1 – 2t and 2 – 3t) are present in the IOC database as medalists. That is, the second race in each of these three classes is recognized by the IOC and for each of these events two gold, two silver, and two bronze medals were retrospectively awarded by the IOC. In the 3 – 10 Ton race, however, only the second race winners are listed with Olympic medals.
The data below notes all races and medalists of the regattas of the Games of the second Olympiad, as well as of the Exposition Universelle and counts all winners as medalists, because the IOC website currently affirms a total of 95 medal events in the Games.
Medal table
All races now considered official Olympic events, as IOC website affirms 95 total medal events.
Notes
There was some discussion about the validity of the Olympic status of Sailing at the 1900 Summer Olympics. Ian Buchanan, first president of the International Society of Olympic Historians, stated, "Given the possible awarding of cash prizes, the "Olympic status" of this sport in 1900 must be in question. It is not exactly certain if the prizes were cash or "objets d'art" of the values listed, thus, for now, I have retained yachting as an Olympic sport in 1900."
Other information
During the sailing regattas at the 1900 Summer Olympics among others the following persons were competing (or owning yachts) in the various classes:
Celebrities
, Édouard Alphonse James de Rothschild
, Hermann de Pourtalès
First female Olympic gold medalist:
, Hélène de Pourtalès
Further reading
References
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900
1900 in sailing
Sailing competitions in France
Yakalar is a village in the Kemer district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Kemer District, Burdur
Ahmed Sukayrij or Abu-l-Abbas Ahmed ibn al-Iyyashi Sukayrij al-Khazraji Al-Ansari al-Fasi (1878–1944) was a well known Moroccan Sufi scholar and judge. They wrote a great number of books, but is especially well known for their voluminous work on the companions of Sidi Ahmad al-Tijani: Kitab kashf al-Hijab ámman talaaqa bi-Shaykh Tijani mina-l As'hab (Raising the veil of the companions who encountered Sheikh Tijani). The Moroccan jurist and shaykh Ahmad sukayrij was a judge (qadi) according to the Maliki legal school of thought (madhab) for Morocco. Not only this, but they are placed alongside Ibrahim niasse on one of the major shaykhs of the tijani Tariqah. The shaykh wrote around 160 books which includes a 20,000 line Nazm on suyuuti's “Khasā'is al kubra” and a 500 line nazm on both a busiri's qasidah burdah and Qadi Iyad's book “shifa”. the shaykh had more than 600 Ijazahs and before their death, the shaykh saw qadi ‘iyad in a vision and asked to be buried like them (qadi ‘iyad).
Books by Ahmed Skirej
Attainment of Aspirations in the Issuing of Permission to the Seeker of the Tijani Litany (Bulugh al-Amani bi'l Ijaza li-Murid al-Wird Tijani)
Removing the Affliction Published in the Magazine of Piety (Kashf al-Balwa al-Manshura 'ala Majallat Taqwa)
Crown of Champions in the Excursion in the Surroundings of Sous (Taj Ru'us bi-Tafassuh fi Nawahi Sus)
Qadam al-Rusukh fima li-Mu'allifihi min al-Shuyukh
Irshad al-muta-allim wa-al-nasi fi sifat ashkal al-qalam al-Fasi
Al-Sirat al-Mustaqim
A comprehensive book of Tijani doctrine, al-Kawkab al-Wahhaj li tawdih al-minhaj (published in Tunis, 1910), written as a commentary on Durrat al-Taj, a central work on Tijani practice by Abdul-Karim Bannis
A commentary on the Qasida al-Burda by Busiri
References
External links
http://cheikh-skiredj.com/ (retrieved 12-7-2012)
http://www.dar-sirr.com/Tijanism/Ashab_al-Fatih/Sukayrij.htm (retrieved 12-7-2012)
http://www.tijani.org/shaykh-ahmad-sukayrij/ (retrieved 12-7-2012)
See also
Ibrahim Niass
Malick Sy
Moroccan Sufi writers
Moroccan travel writers
20th-century Moroccan historians
Moroccan Maliki scholars
1878 births
1944 deaths
People from Fez, Morocco
20th-century Moroccan judges
Chromium telluride (Cr2Te3) is an inorganic chemical compound. It is composed of the chromium(III) cation and the telluride anion. It has a shadowy gray color, and has a hexagonal crystal structure.
Properties
Thermodynamic
Chromium telluride samples that are highly saturated with tellurium were found to crystallize in a hexagonal structure, but trigonal lattice distortions are also possible.
Magnetic
Chromium telluride is strongly paramagnetic, and it can be used in the construction of nanocrystals. In addition, the compound also shows ferromagnetic properties. By creating thin films of chromium telluride, the compound can be tested by reflection high-energy electron diffraction (RHEED), scanning tunneling microscopy (STM), vibrating sample magnetometry, and other physical property measurements. RHEED patterns indicate the flat, smooth growth of chromium telluride film. STM testing shows that the surface atoms of the compound arrange themselves in a hexagonal pattern. The Curie temperature was found to be 180 K When transitioning between paramagnetic and ferromagnetic forms of magnetism, the surrounding magnetic field collapse into two independent curves with a sole scaling equation. However, chromium telluride can still continue with a reversal of magnetism.
When being measured at room temperature, the anomalous Hall voltage of chromium telluride seems to consist of both negative anomalous and positive normal component. The negative anomalous component exhibits saturation against the intensity of the magnetic field, while the positive normal component can be ascribed to hole conduction. This is measured from room temperature to 400 °C with a-c sample current and d-c magnetic field.
References
Chromium(III) compounds
Tellurides
Charles Seymour, 2nd Baron Seymour of Trowbridge (c. 1621 – 25 August 1665) was the son of Francis Seymour, 1st Baron Seymour of Trowbridge, whom they succeeded in the barony in 1664. Francis had been a younger brother of William Seymour, 2nd Duke of Somerset.
Prior to their ennoblement, they represented Great Bedwyn in the Short Parliament of 1640 and Wiltshire in the Cavalier Parliament from 1661 to 1664.
They married firstly, on 4 April 1632, Mary, daughter of Thomas Smith of Soley in Chilton Foliat, a village northwest of Hungerford. The couple had one son and two daughters; one of their daughters, Frances (bef. 1654–1716), would marry Sir George Hungerford. The Hungerfords had at least six children together. They married secondly, in 1654, Elizabeth Alington (1635–c.1691), daughter of William Alington, 1st Baron Alington of Killard (14 March 1610/1611, d. circa October 1648); they had five sons and two daughters. One of their notable descendants, their three times great-grandson, was James Smithson. The poet George Keate was another descendant.
Both of Charles's surviving sons, Francis and Charles, ultimately succeeded to the dukedom of Somerset that had been their grandfather's. Their daughter, Honora Seymour, married Sir Charles Gerard, 3rd Baronet. Charles Seymour was succeeded in the barony by their elder son, Francis.
References
Sources
G.E.C. (G.E.Cokayne) & Geoffrey H. White, The Complete Peerage or A history of the House of Lords and all its members from the earliest times, vol. XI, p. 641, St. Catherine Press, 1949.
1621 births
1665 deaths
English MPs 1640 (April)
English MPs 1661–1679
C
Baron Seymour of Trowbridge
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for Wiltshire
Skuli Gudmundur "Skull" Jonsson (September 14, 1892 – December 28, 1943) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. They played with the Quebec Bulldogs of the National Hockey Association (NHA) during the 1915–16 and 1916–17 seasons.
References
1892 births
1943 deaths
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
People from Selkirk, Manitoba
Quebec Bulldogs (NHA) players
John Alexander Fergusson (24 June 1882 — 28 April 1947) was a Scottish first-class cricketer.
Fergusson was born to Scottish parents at Liverpool in June 1882. A club cricketer for Perth County Cricket Club, Fergusson made their debut for Scotland against the touring Indians at Galashiels in 1911. The following season they played twice against the touring South Africans, and once against Ireland. Following the First World War and ten years after they last appeared in first-class cricket. Fergusson made two first-class appearances in 1922 against the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and Surrey; the following season they made a further two appearances, against Wales and Middlesex. Described by Wisden as "among the best cricketers ever known in Scotland", Fergusson excelled as a batsman, bowler and fielder. In eight first-class matches, Fergusson scored 283 runs at an average of 20.21, with the highest score of 103 not out which came in 1922 against the MCC at Lord's. With their right-arm medium pace bowling, they took 9 wickets with best figures of 5 for 36, which they took on debut against the Indians. In club cricket for Perthshire, they scored over 10,000 runs.
Outside of cricket, Fergusson was a wine and spirits merchant and the licensee of the Queen's Hotel Bar in Dundee. Fergusson died at their Perth home in April 1947, having been seriously ill for a week or two prior to their death.
References
External links
1882 births
1947 deaths
Cricketers from Liverpool
Scottish cricketers
Wine merchants
Joel Eriksson (born September 16, 1984 in Göteborg) is a Swedish long track speed skater who participates in international competitions.
Personal records
Career highlights
World Sprint Championships
2007 - Hamar, 30th
European Allround Championships
2007 - Collalbo, 18th
2008 - Kolomna, 18th
2009 - Heerenveen, 13th
2010 - Hamar, 11th
World Junior Allround Championships
2003 - Kushiro, 28th
2004 - Roseville, Minnesota, 34th
National Championships
2006 - Hagaström, 1st at 1000 m sprint
2006 - Hagaström, 1st at 500 m sprint
2006 - Hagaström, 1st at sprint
2006 - Göteborg, 2nd at 1500 m
2006 - Göteborg, 3rd at 10000 m
2006 - Göteborg, 2nd at allround
2007 - Stockholm, 1st at sprint
2008 - Göteborg, 2nd at allround
Nordic Junior Games
2003 - Hamar, 2nd at 3000 m
2003 - Hamar, 3rd at 5000 m
External links
Eriksson at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Eriksson at SkateResults.com
1984 births
Living people
Swedish male speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Sweden
The Corsairs of Cythera are a 1981 fantasy role-playing game adventure published by Ragnarok Enterprises.
Contents
The Corsairs of Cythera are an adventure in which the Achajaian fleet will attack Carzal, imperial capital of Ilchania, in twelve days, and only timely intervention by the Corsairs of Cythera might save the empire.
Reception
Ronald Pehr reviewed The Corsairs of Cythera in The Space Gamer No. 49. Pehr commented that "The Corsairs of Cythera costs less than half as much as most fantasy game supplements, and lacks the detail and complexity of the better ones. But it does provide and exciting, entertaining adventure. If the referee doesn't mind putting up with its flaws, the players will be satisfied."
Reviews
Pegasus #8 (July/Aug., 1982)
References
Fantasy role-playing game adventures
Yakaçiftlikköyü, Elmalı is a village in the District of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Elmalı District
Witt, Seibert & Halsey was an American architectural firm based in the twin cities of Texarkana, Arkansas and Texarkana, Texas, with a practice extending into Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas. It was founded by architect Sidney Stewart, but achieved prominence under Bayard Witt and Eugene C. Seibert.
History
Bayard Witt was born in 1880 in Witt's Foundry, Tennessee. They worked as a railroad laborer and supervisor before obtaining an apprenticeship in civil engineering. In 1904 they moved to Texarkana, Arkansas, joining the office of architect Sidney Stewart, who had been practicing in Texarkana since at least 1900. By 1907, Witt was a partner in the firm of Stewart & Witt.
Eugene Charles Seibert was born in 1878 in Berea, Ohio. They attended the Case School of Applied Science and Columbia University before entering the office of prominent Fort Worth architects Sanguinet & Staats. In 1908, they moved to Texarkana, joining Stewart & Witt. In 1909, Sidney Stewart chose to return to their native Canada. The firm was then established in 1909 as Witt & Seibert. Fred H. Halsey was added as partner in 1911, the firm becoming Witt, Seibert & Company. Halsey had attended Washington University in St. Louis, and had also worked in Fort Worth. Halsey's name was added to the firm's in 1919.
The partnership was dissolved in 1937, when Seibert left to form their own practice. Witt & Halsey continued briefly, separating in 1940. Witt continued alone until 1944, when they took Robert Reinheimer Jr. as partner in Witt & Reinheimer, which was dissolved upon Witt's death in 1947.
Seibert maintained their independent practice until their death in 1941. They were also mayor of Texarkana, Arkansas from 1934 to 1939. Halsey entered government service after dissolving their partnership with Witt, but later returned to architectural practice. They died in 1978.
Legacy
After Bayard Witt's passing, Reinheimer continued the practice as Reinheimer & Cox and Reinheimer, Cox & Associates into the 1970s.
The firm is responsible for a number of properties which have been placed on the National Register of Historic Places for their architectural significance.
Architectural works
References
Architecture firms based in Arkansas
Defunct architecture firms based in Texas
Torremanzanas () or La Torre de les Maçanes () is a municipality in the comarca of Alacantí in the Valencian Community, Spain. It owes its name to an ancient Almohad fortification located in the upper part of the town (valencian "Torre", english "Tower") and evokes a tradition of hospitality since "Maçanes" means inns.
References
External links
Municipalities in the Province of Alicante
Lawnswood School is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in the Lawnswood area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
The school was founded in 1972 and had its first comprehensive intake in 1974. Its predecessors were the Leeds Modern School, a boys' grammar school (founded 1845) attended by Alan Bennett, and Lawnswood High School for Girls, a girls' grammar school (founded 1854), which moved to the current Lawnswood site in 1932.
The sixth form was judged as Grade 2 and "consistently good" in the 2009 Ofsted inspection, but the school as a whole was rated as Grade 4 (Inadequate) for overall effectiveness. and consequently placed into special measures. During an early 2011 Ofsted visit, the school was judged to be "making good progress in all the key areas," and in July 2011 the school was taken out of special measures. In late 2013, Ofsted rated the school Grade 2 (Good) for overall effectiveness.
Notable former pupils
Alan Bennett, English playwright, screenwriter and author (Leeds Modern School)
James Brown, founder of Loaded
Eleanor Catton, 2013 Man Booker Prize winner (foreign exchange)
Stephen Connolly, classical singer best known as bass in The King's Singers
John Craven BBC journalist and television presenter (Leeds Modern School)
Stuart Croft, Artist
Mark Curry, Television presenter.
Bob Peck, Actor (Leeds Modern School)
Jodie Aysha, Singer
Gaynor Faye, Actor
Ikram Butt, professional rugby league footballer
Vince Fawcett, professional rugby league footballer
Noel Whelan, professional Premier League footballer
Jane Wynne, paediatrician
See also
Leeds Modern School
Lawnswood High School for Girls
References
External links
School website
Ofsted reports
DFES statistics
History of Lawnswood High School for Girls
History of Leeds Modern School
Secondary schools in Leeds
Educational institutions established in 1972
1972 establishments in England
Community schools in Leeds
Jennifer Anne Hillman (born January 29, 1957) is a law professor at the Georgetown University Law Center, teaching courses in international economic law, including international trade, investment and international business transactions. As of 2016 they were also a partner at Cassidy Levy Kent, working on trade litigation.
Hillman's career focuses on international trade and investment, financial services and the adjudication of international economic disputes. They served 2007-2011 as one of seven judges from around the world on the World Trade Organization's (WTO) the highest court, its Appellate Body, where they helped adjudicate 20 disputes involving a wide variety of legal obligations, ranging from claims arising from subsidies to Airbus, Boeing and US cotton producers, to regulations over trade in agriculture products, to antidumping disputes, to claims regarding the nature and extent of China's WTO accession commitments.
Hillman has experience adjudicating antidumping, countervailing duty, patent and safeguards cases as a result of their nine-year service as a Commissioner at the United States International Trade Commission, from 1998 to 2007. They were vice-chair 2002–2004. Through their work as the General Counsel at the Office of the United States Trade Representative, 1995–1997, Hillman was involved in all litigation matters in which the United States was a party or third party in disputes before panels of the NAFTA or the WTO. They negotiated mutually acceptable agreements with over 45 countries while serving as USTR's Ambassador and Chief Textiles Negotiator from 1993 to 1995. They had worked on the Clinton transition in 1992–1993.
Hillman served as Legislative Director and Counsel from 1988 to 1992 for U.S. Senator Terry Sanford of North Carolina. They were responsible for trade issues, as well as matters coming before the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs. They worked on their campaigns in 1986 and 1992 and joined their staff in 1987.
They began their professional career as an associate attorney with the firm of Patton, Boggs LLP from 1983 to 1985. Originally from South Bend, Indiana, they earned their B.A. in political science in 1978 and a Master of Education degree in higher education administration in 1979 from Duke University. They earned their J.D. from Harvard Law School in 1983.
They reside in Washington, D.C. with their husband, Mitchell Berger, and their two sons.
References
External links
Legal Aspects of Brexit, edited by Jennifer Hillman and Gary Horlick
"Why the Ryan-Bady Tax Proposal Will Be Found to be Inconsistent with WTO Law," by Jennifer Hillman
"Changing Climate for Carbon Taxes: Who's Afraid of the WTO?," by Jennifer Hillman
"Saving Multilateralism," by Jennifer Hillman
Georgetown University Law Center faculty
Duke University Trinity College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Members of the Appellate Body
International Trade Commission personnel
Living people
People from South Bend, Indiana
People from Washington, D.C.
1957 births
21st-century American women lawyers
Mitchell Francis "Mike" Balas (May 9, 1910 – October 15, 1996) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in one game in with the Boston Bees in 1938.
Balas entered professional baseball in 1929 playing for the Brockton Shoemakers of the New England League. After moving around the minors for the next 9 years, they played in their only MLB game on April 27, 1938. In that game, they pitched 1 innings facing 8 batters, surrendering 3 runs (1 earned), walking and striking out none. Following the game they returned to the minors and continued there until 1940. They also are a minor league manager from 1945–48.
Balas was a Jehovah's Witness and in 1942 was prosecuted in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts for failing to report to a conscientious objector camp during World War II. They were sentenced by Judge George Clinton Sweeney to three years in prison.
References
External links
1910 births
1996 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Massachusetts
Boston Bees players
Sportspeople from Lowell, Massachusetts
American Jehovah's Witnesses
American conscientious objectors
Binghamton Triplets players
Birmingham Barons players
Bridgeport Bears (baseball) players
Brockton Shoemakers players
Dayton Ducks players
Elmira Pioneers players
Erie Sailors players
Hartford Laurels players
Indianapolis Indians players
Richmond Colts players
Scranton Miners players
York White Roses players
American sportspeople convicted of crimes
Deepika Singh Goyal (born 26 July 1989) is an Indian television actor.  They are known for playing the role of Sandhya Rathi in Star Plus's Diya Aur Baati Hum.
Early life
Singh was born in New Delhi on 26 July 1989. They completed their Masters in Business Administration in Marketing at Punjab Technical University.
Career
Singh made their television debut in 2011, in the serial Diya Aur Baati Hum on Star Plus, as the character Sandhya Kothari. They played the role for 5 years until the show went off air in September 2016.
In 2018 they were seen in a webseries called The Real Soulmate. They also became a contestant on Ekta Kapoor's Box Cricket League in 2014 and 2019. In 2019, Deepika made a comeback to television acting, as they portrayed the double role of twin sisters Sandhya and Sakshi Patwardhan in Colors TV's supernatural show Kavach... Mahashivratri.
 They are reprised the role of Sandhya Rathi to film a promotion video for StarPlus's show Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin. The show is based on IPS Officer Virat Chavan and their marriage to Sai Joshi under unfavourable circumstances. Hence why Singh was asked to film a promo in their police officer get up from Diya Aur Baati Hum.
Personal life
Singh married the director of their television show Rohit Raj Goyal on 2 May 2014 after which they changed their name to Deepika Singh Goyal. In January 2017, they announced their pregnancy news to the media and their fans. In May 2017, they gave birth to a baby boy and took a brief break from acting.
Singh has been training in the classical Odissi dance form.
Filmography
Film
Television
Special appearances
Awards
See also
List of Indian television actores
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Actresses from Delhi
Indian television actores
Indian soap opera actores
Actresses in Hindi television
Kate Duignan is a New Zealand novelist, short-story writer, reviewer and teacher.
Background
Kate Duignan was born in Wellington, New Zealand. They grew up in Wellington and London. They completed an MA in creative writing at Victoria University of Wellington in 2000, and a PhD in creative writing, also from VUW, in 2017. The critical component of their PhD explored narration in Gilead by Marilynne Robinson. Duignan now lives in Wellington with their partner and three children, and in 2018 is teaching fiction at the International Institute of Modern Letters at Victoria University.
Works
Kate Duignan's debut novel Breakwater was published by Victoria University Press in 2001. Breakwater was reissued as part of the VUP Classics series in 2018. Them second novel, The New Ships was published in 2018. Duignan has published short fiction and poetry in Sport, Landfall and takahē.
Duignan reviews for Landfall and New Zealand Books.
Fellowships and awards
The New Ships was long listed for the Acorn Foundation Fiction Prize in the 2019 Ockham Awards.
Duignan was awarded the Louis Johnson New Writers' Bursary in 2002. They held the Robert Burns Fellowship at the University of Otago in 2004. They were the Massey University Writer in Residence in 2006.
References
External links
New Zealand Book Council biography
1974 births
Living people
New Zealand women novelists
International Institute of Modern Letters alumni
21st-century New Zealand novelists
21st-century New Zealand women writers
Ernest the Iron (; 1377 – 10 June 1424), a member of the House of Habsburg, ruled over the Inner Austrian duchies of Styria, Carinthia and Carniola from 1406 until their death. They were head of the Habsburg Leopoldian line from 1411.
Biography
Ernest was born in Bruck an der Mur in Styria, the third son of Duke Leopold III of Austria (1351–1386) and their consort Viridis Visconti (d. 1414), a daughter of Bernabò Visconti, Lord of Milan. Shortly after their birth, their father and their uncle Albert III divided the Habsburg lands by the 1379 Treaty of Neuberg: while Albert and their Albertinian descendants would rule over the Duchy of Austria proper, the Leopoldian line received the Inner Austrian states of Styria, Carinthia and Carniola with the remaining March of Istria, as well as Tyrol and the Further Austrian possessions. After Leopold's death in the 1386 Battle of Sempach, young Ernest and their brothers William, Leopold IV and Frederick IV remained under the guardianship of their uncle Albert III.
In 1401 Ernest accompanied King Rupert of Germany on their campaign to Italy. When their elder brother William died in 1406, the remaining three sons of Leopold III agreed about the partition of their patrimony: In the separation agreement of 1406, Ernest received Styria, Carinthia and Carniola, and jointly with their elder brother Leopold IV (the current head of the Leopoldian line) held the guardianship over their minor nephew Albert V of Austria, grandson of Duke Albert III. Tyrol and Further Austria passed to the youngest brother Frederick IV.
In 1407, however, conflicts between Leopold and Ernest resulted in a civil war that lasted until May 1409. When Leopold died without male heirs in 1411, Ernest finally became the uncontested head of the Leopoldian branch. In 1414, they became the last Duke to be enthroned according to Carantanian traditional rite at the Prince's Stone in Carinthia, and from that time on called themselves 'archduke'. They were the first Habsburg to actually use this title, which had been invented by their uncle Duke Rudolf IV.
Ernest was made a member of the Order of the Dragon and of the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem in 1414, however, they became bitter with the Luxembourg king Sigismund from 1412 onwards. When their brother Frederick IV, a supporter of Antipope John XXIII at the Council of Constance, was banned by the king in 1417, Ernest first attempted to gain control over Frederick's territories himself, but then came to an agreement with them and successfully defended Tyrol against Sigismund's pretensions. Ernest turned out to be a capable ruler of the Inner Austrian lands; their eldest son Frederick V would become sole heir of all Habsburg lines, elected King of the Romans in 1440 and crowned Holy Roman Emperor in 1452.
Ernest died at Bruck an der Mur, and was buried in the Cistercian monastery of Rein near Graz. Their nickname the Iron only came into use after their death.
Family and children
On 14 January 1392, Ernest married their first wife, Margaret of Pomerania. They were a daughter of the Griffin duke Bogislaw V of Pomerania and their second wife, Adelheid of Brunswick-Grubenhagen. They had no children. They died in either 1407 or 1410, according to contradictory necrologies.
On 25 January 1412, Ernest married their second wife, the Piast princess Cymburgis of Masovia, who was their equal in vitality and with whom they had nine children:
Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor (21 September 1415 – 19 August 1493)
Margaret of Austria (1416/17 – 12 February 1486), married on 3 June 1431 to Frederick II, Elector of Saxony
Albert VI, Archduke of Austria (18 December 1418 – 2 December 1463)
Alexander of Austria (died 1420)
Rudolf of Austria (died before 1424)
Catherine of Austria (1420 – 11 September 1493), married on 15 July 1447 to Charles I, Margrave of Baden-Baden
Leopold of Austria (died before 1424)
Anna of Austria (died 11 November 1429)
Ernest of Austria (died 10 August 1432)
As the ruler of Inner Austria and founder of the older Styrian line of the Habsburgs, which, by their son, Frederick III survived the Albertinian (Austrian) and Tyrolean lines, Ernest and Cymburgis became the ancestors of all later emperors of the Habsburg monarchy.
Ancestors
External links
Entry in Aeiou Encyclopedia
1377 births
1424 deaths
15th-century dukes of Austria
Dukes of Styria
Dukes of Carinthia
Dukes of Carniola
People from Bruck an der Mur
Burials at Rein Abbey, Austria
Austrian people of Italian descent
Austrian people of German descent
Medieval Knights of the Holy Sepulchre
Men's Combined World Cup 1994/1995
Calendar
Final point standings
In Men's Combined World Cup 1994/95 both results count.
Note:
In both races not all points were awarded (not enough finishers/competitors).
Men's Combined Team Results
bold indicate the highest score - italics indicate race wins
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup men's combined discipline titles
The Richard Jackson House is a historic house in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Built in 1664 by Richard Jackson, it is the oldest wood-frame house in New Hampshire. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1968. It is now a historic house museum owned by Historic New England, and is open two Saturdays a month between June and October.
History
Richard Jackson was a woodworker, farmer, and mariner, and built the oldest portion of this house on their family's plot, located on an inlet off the Piscataqua River, north of Portsmouth's central business district. Jackson's house resembles English post-medieval prototypes, but is notably American in its extravagant use of wood. The house as first built consisted of a two-story structure with two rooms on each floor, flanking a massive central chimney. Not long afterward, a lean-to section was added to the rear (north side) of the house, which slopes nearly to the ground. Further single-story additions were made to the gable ends of the house, probably c. 1764.
The founder of the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (SPNEA, now Historic New England), William Sumner Appleton, acquired the house for SPNEA in 1924 from a member of the seventh generation of Jacksons to live there. Appleton undertook a restoration of the property, removing 19th century modifications, and providing the building with leaded diamond-pane windows of a type that it would have had in the 17th century.
It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1968.
The George Rogers House, located just east of the Jackson house, is also a Historic New England property, but is not open to the public.
See also
Oldest buildings in America
List of the oldest buildings in New Hampshire
List of National Historic Landmarks in New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rockingham County, New Hampshire
References
External links
Historic New England: Jackson House
Houses completed in 1664
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
National Historic Landmarks in New Hampshire
Historic house museums in New Hampshire
Museums in Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Houses in Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Historic New England
National Register of Historic Places in Portsmouth, New Hampshire
1664 establishments in the Thirteen Colonies
KHS Bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer founded in 1974 with main operations in the United States and Taiwan. Its bicycles are distributed in over 30 countries. Although KHS' main focus has been in mountain bikes, it has offerings in road bikes, folding bikes, tandem bikes, cruiser bikes (under the Manhattan brand name), single speed bikes and BMX bikes (under the FreeAgent brand name). Some of its products have been favorably reviewed.
Overview
KHS Bicycles, Inc. of Los Angeles, California is the designer and U.S. distributor of KHS Bicycles, Manhattan Cruisers and Free Agent BMX Bicycles. KHS stands for Knowledge, Health, and Strength. Founded in 1974 by Wen Hsieh, the KHS bicycle brand is a part of the KHS Co. Ltd., and UEC (United Engineering Cooperation) which manufactures bicycles, motorcycles and Yamaha musical instruments in wholly owned factories located in Taiwan. KHS, Inc. was founded and is located in Southern California. As of 2020 KHS makes more than 90 models of KHS bicycles, 24 models of Free Agent BMX Bicycles, and 25 models of Manhattan Cruisers to serve the needs of recreational as well as enthusiast cyclists in over 33 countries around the world. Making more than 130,000 bicycles a year, KHS Bicycles has many innovative models. Such as mountain & road bikes in XXL & XXXL models for the extra tall (6'4" and up!) cycling enthusiasts. KHS employs 120 associates in Taiwan, as well as 55 associates in the USA. KHS Inc. is also a major distributor for various Parts and Accessories manufacturers in the USA. Featuring brands like Shimano, Park Tool, Maxxis tires, Hollywood Racks, Thule, Maxima Racing Products and ODI, just to name a few.
History
KHS Co. Ltd. Was founded in 1953 as part of the KHS Group, privately held by the Hsieh Family. The initial product produced by KHS was motorcycles under Yamaha license. In 1974, the KHS bicycle division was established with technical cooperation from Sukosha of Japan. In 1987, the KHS Co. and Yamaha of Japan established a joint venture operation in order to increase production capacity and explore new markets around the world. Consequently, motorcycles are now exported to Greece, Portugal, Italy, India and Japan. United Engineering Corp. was established in 1988. Formerly known as the KHS Bicycle Factory, United Engineering Corp. now manufactures KHS bicycles, as well as bicycles for other companies throughout the world.
Patents, awards and accomplishments
KHS was the first Taiwan-made road bike to enter U.S. market with Reynolds 531 tubing. Bicycling Magazine tested this model in 1979 and rated it as good as a similar, French-made Motobecane model.
KHS awarded the “Sears Partner in Progress” award in 1986
KHS remains the only brand to have a finalist in Mountain Biking Magazine's “Bike of the Year” award every year since the inception of the award in 1992
KHS Comp was awarded the “Bike of the Year” award by Mountain Biking Magazine in 1994 and 2001
Bicycling Magazine awards the 1997 KHS Fleetwood its “Editor's Choice Award” for best bike at the 1996 Interbike International Bicycle show
In March 1998, the KHS FXT Sport is rated “Best Value” full suspension bike under $1000 by Mountain Bike Action Magazine
KHS introduces suspension seatposts and semi-slick tires on its 1998 mountain bike line, a full year ahead of most other brands
KHS is the first to introduce popularly priced Soft Tails to the market during 1999 giving Hard Tail and Full Suspension buyers a new alternative that incorporates the best of both designs
Preferred Bicycle & Parts Distributor in the U.S. voted by U.S. bicycle dealers in 2002
Consumers Digest Best Buy for the Urban Xpress bicycle in the July 2006 issue
Bicycling Magazine's “Editor's Choice” for the 2006 XC604
KHS introduces one of the first major production 650b wheel size mountain bike models in 2010
Delta Linear, U.S. patent 5,842,712 issued on 12/1/98. KHS developed its Delta Linear Downtube in order to decrease weight and to increase strength, rigidity and long term durability of its frames. The teardrop-shaped Delta Linear tube is drawn to a round shape at the bottom bracket in order to reduce flex under aggressive pedaling and ovalized on the vertical axis at the headtube in order to increase frame rigidity by over 30% over conventional round tubes.
Adjustable seat tower, patent pending. Found on the KHS LT3 frame, this seat tube Tower can be rotated via a cam to change the effective seat tube angle of the frame by four degrees. Ideal for downhill riders competing or riding in carried terrain.
Brake Booster leverage converter, U.S. patent 5,660,082 issued August 26, 1997. This unique converter allows use of road bike brake levers with linear pull, “V” brakes. Found on all KHS road tandems.
KHS & FREE AGENT Racing
KHS Bicycles and its BMX brand Free Agent have long histories of racing victories, including numerous national and world championships. Here is a brief list of some of the brands' top racing victories, sponsored riders and sponsored teams.
Sponsored racers:
John Howard: World speed record holder @ 152 m.p.h., 24-hour distance record holder @ 539 miles, Ironman Triathlon winner, 3-time Olympian, 13-time U.S. National cycling champion, Master dual road & MTB XC champion in U.S.A.
Logan Binggeli: U.S.A. National Champion DH Pro
Quinton Spaulding: U.S.A. National Champion DH Pro
Kevin Aiello: U.S.A. National Champion DH Pro
Steven Walton: U.S.A. National DH Pro
Nikolas Nestoroff: U.S.A. National DH Pro
Dave Cullinan: World Champion Downhill and Dual Slalom medal winner
Cindy Whitehead: U.S. National Cyclocross champion
“Insane Wayne” Croasdale: Mammoth Mountain kamikaze down hill champion
Cheri Elliot: U.S. National Cyclocross and Dual Slalom Champion
Andrew Shandro: Canadian Downhill champion
Katrina Miller: UCI Dual Slalom champion, Australian Downhill champion
Melissa Buhl: UCI World Downhill champion, U.S. National 4X champion
Maris Strombergs: 2008 Olympic Gold Medal, 2008 UCI World Champion, 2012 Olympic Gold Medal
Kyle Bennett: 3-time UCI World Champion, Multi-time ABA and NBL National Champion
Dale Holmes: 2-time UCI World Champion, Multi-time British National Champion
Connor Fields: 2009 NBL National Champion, ABA National Age Group Champion
Cristian Becerine: 9-time Argentine National Champion
Romero Marino: 4-time Junior World Champion
Mariana Pajon : 2009 UCI World Champion, Multi-time Colombian National Champion
Nicole Callisto: 2005 Junior World Champion
Tom Haugen: X-Games Pro
Heath Pinter: X-Games Pro
Sponsored teams:
KHS Factory Racing is now KHS Pro MTB
Cash Call Cycling
BCR/Pizza Hut/KHS – Costa Rica
University of California, Berkeley
University of Southern California
University of Arizona
University of California, San Diego
South Bay Wheelman Club
Guacamole Intern Seller Bicycle racing team
San Francisco Cycle Couriers
Highway.net cycling team
References
External links
—
Cycle manufacturers of Taiwan
Mountain bike manufacturers
Companies based in Taoyuan City
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1974
1974 establishments in Taiwan
Taiwanese brands
.
John J. O'Neill was a Major League player. They were born in New York City.
Little is known about this utility who played for the New York Giants in parts of two seasons. Used as a backup catcher for John Warner () and Frank Bowerman (), O'Neill appeared in four games and went hitless in 15 at-bats (.000). As a catcher, they collected 19 outs with eight assists and committed four errors for a .931 fielding percentage.
External links
Baseball Reference
Retrosheet
New York Giants (NL) players
Major League Baseball catchers
Baseball players from New York (state)
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Date of death unknown
Milwaukee Creams players
19th-century baseball players
Argentina revolucionaria (English: Revolutionary Argentina) is a 1948 Argentine documentary film directed by Lucio Berto and written by the same Berto and José Gallegos. It was premiered on May 6, 1948.
The film describes the social and economic politics of Argentina during the first years of government of Juan Domingo Perón and includes footage of their inauguration ceremony on June 4, 1946.
References
External links
1948 films
1940s Spanish-language films
Argentine black-and-white films
1948 documentary films
Argentine documentary films
1940s Argentine films
Aion () is a Hellenistic deity associated with time, the orb or circle encompassing the universe, and the zodiac.
The "time" which Aion represents is perpetual, unbounded, ritual, and cyclic: The future is a returning version of the past, later called aevum (see Vedic Sanskrit Ṛtú).
This kind of time contrasts with empirical, linear, progressive, and historical time that Chronos represented, which divides into past, present, and future.
Aion is thus a god of the cyclic ages, and the cycle of the year and the zodiac. In the latter part of the Classical era they became associated with mystery religions concerned with the afterlife, such as the mysteries of Cybele, the Dionysian mysteries, Orphic religion, and the Mithraic mysteries. In Latin, the concept of the deity may appear as Aeternitas, Anna Perenna, or Saeculum.  They are typically in the company of an earth or mother goddess such as Tellus or Cybele, as on the Parabiago plate.
Iconography and symbolism
Aion is usually identified as the nude or mostly nude young man within a circle representing the zodiac, symbolic of eternal and cyclical time. Examples include two Roman mosaics from Sentinum (modern–day Sassoferrato) and Hippo Regius in Roman Africa, and the Parabiago plate. But because they represent time as a cycle, they may also be presented as an old man. In the Dionysiaca, Nonnus associates Aion with the Horae and says that he:
changes the burden of old age like a snake who sloughs off the coils of the useless old scales, rejuvenescing while washing in the swells of the laws [of time].
The imagery of the twining serpent is connected to the hoop or wheel through the ouroboros, a ring formed by a snake holding the tip of its tail in its mouth. The 4th century CE Latin commentator Servius notes that the image of a snake biting its tail represents the cyclical nature of the year.
In their 5th century work on hieroglyphics, Horapollo makes a further distinction between a serpent that hides its tail under the rest of its body, which represents Aion, and the ouroboros that represents the kosmos, which is the serpent devouring its tail.
Identifications
Martianus Capella (5th century CE) identified Aion with Cronus (Latin Saturnus), whose name caused them to be theologically conflated with Chronos ("Time"), in the way that the Greek ruler of the underworld Plouton (Pluto) was conflated with Ploutos (Plutus, "Wealth"). Martianus presents Cronus-Aion as the consort of Rhea (Latin Ops) as identified with Physis.
In their highly speculative reconstruction of Mithraic cosmogony, Franz Cumont positioned Aion as Unlimited Time (sometimes represented as Saeculum, Cronus, or Saturn) as the god who emerged from primordial Chaos, and who in turn generated Heaven and Earth. Modern scholars call this deity the leonto‑cephaline figure – a winged, lion-headed, nude male, whose torso is entwined by a serpent. They typically hold a sceptre, keys, and / or a thunderbolt. Nobody knows for sure who they were or what they represented, but aside from the lion-head, depictions of them have Aion's icons; in rare instances, their statue appears in mithrea with the human head, and with the lion-head gone, they are indistinguishable from Aion.
The figure of Time "played a considerable, though to us completely obscure, role" in Mithraic ritual and theology.
Aion is identified with Dionysus in Christian and Neoplatonic writers, but there are no references to Dionysus as Aion before the Christian era. Euripides, however, does call Aion a 'son of Zeus'.
The Suda identifies Aion with Osiris. In Ptolemaic Alexandria, at the site of a dream oracle, the Hellenistic syncretic god Serapis was identified as Aion Plutonius. The epithet Plutonius marks functional aspects shared with Pluto, consort of Persephone and ruler of the underworld in the Eleusinian tradition. Epiphanius says that at Alexandria Aion's birth from Kore the Virgin was celebrated 6 January: "On this day and at this hour the Virgin gave birth to Aion." The date, which coincides with Epiphany, brought new year's celebrations to a close, completing the cycle of time that Aion embodies.
The Alexandrian Aion may be a form of Osiris-Dionysus, reborn annually; their image was marked with crosses on their hands, knees, and forehead. Quispel (2008) conjectured that the figure resulted from integrating the Orphic Phanes, who like Aion is associated with a coiling serpent, into Mithraic religion at Alexandria, and that they "assures the eternity of the city."
In the art of the Roman era, Aion was often conflated with the primordial sky god Uranus / Caelus.
Roman Empire
This syncretic Aion became a symbol and guarantor of the perpetuity of Roman rule, and emperors such as Antoninus Pius issued coins with the legend Aion, whose (female) Roman counterpart was Aeternitas. Roman coins associate both Aion and Aeternitas with the phoenix as a symbol of rebirth and cyclical renewal.
Aion was among the virtues and divine personifications that were part of late Hellenic discourse, in which they figure as "creative agents in grand cosmological schemes". The significance of Aion lies in their malleability:  They are a "fluid conception" through which various ideas about time and divinity converge in the Hellenistic era, in the context of syncretic and monotheistic tendencies.
References
Further reading
External links
Greco-Roman mysteries
Hellenistic Anatolian deities
Mithraism
Time and fate gods
Greek gods
Personifications in Greek mythology
Greek primordial deities
Snake deities
Lion deities
The First Academy (TFA), is a private Christian school established in 1987 in Orlando, Florida. The school serves over 1,250 students from preschool to twelfth grade.
Academics
The First Academy is an Orlando-based private Christian school for students from preschool to 12th grade. It is an Apple Distinguished School and was named Orlando's Best Private School by Orlando Magazine in 2017, and the second-best private school by Southwest Orlando Bulletin in 2016.
Athletics
As a member of the Florida High School Athletic Association (FHSAA), The First Academy Royals participate in over 22 interscholastic sports at the varsity, junior varsity and middle school levels.
2016 Incident
In 2016, students at the school caused controversy by holding an "Instagram debate on the N-word"; some former students claimed to have experienced racism and homophobia while attending the institution. School officials denounced what had happened and implemented changes to improve race relations.
The City Beautiful Invitational
The First Academy hosts a 16-team annual Christmas basketball tournament called the CIty Beautiful Invitational, last contested () in 2019.
Notable alumni
Adam Haseley, baseball player for the Philadelphia Phillies
Fletcher Magee, basketball player for Wofford College, All-Time leader in 3 pointers made in NCAA
References
External links
1987 establishments in Florida
Baptist schools in the United States
Christian schools in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1987
High schools in Orange County, Florida
Private elementary schools in Florida
Private high schools in Florida
Private middle schools in Florida
Schools in Orlando, Florida
Olive Smith may refer to:
Olive Smith, (1906–1993), Irish conductor
Olive Smith (masseuse), (1880–1916), masseuse, Scottish Women's Hospitals for Foreign Service
Olive Smith (cricketer),(1993–2014), Australian cricketer
See also
Olive Smith-Dorrien, (1881–1951) creator of hospital bag fund World War I
James Walker (14 September 1781 – 8 October 1862) was an influential British civil engineer.
Life
Born in Law Wynd in Falkirk, the eldest of five children of John Walker and their wife Margaret, James was educated at the local school and was sent to Glasgow University in October 1794, aged 13. They studied Latin and Greek for two years, and logic during their third year. During their final two years they studied natural philosophy and mathematics, taking the first prize.
They returned to Falkirk in May 1799, aged 18, and their family discussed a career in business or law. But, by chance, in the summer of 1800, they were asked to accompany their ill brother-in-law on a sea journey to London. Once there, they visited their uncle Ralph Walker in Blackwall, intending to return to Scotland after a week. However, Ralph discussed their work at the West India Docks, and was so impressed by their young nephew's grasp of engineering that they immediately took them on as their apprentice.
Around 1800 they worked on the design and construction of London's West India and East India Docks. At the age of 21 they took on their first engineering work in their own right: the construction of Commercial Road in London, connecting the West India Docks to the warehouses of the City. Later, they worked on the Surrey Commercial Docks from about 1810 onwards, remaining as engineer to the Surrey Commercial Dock Company until their death in 1862.
In 1821 Walker built their first lighthouse, the West Usk Lighthouse, near Newport, South Wales. They went on to build another 21 lighthouses.
Walker was the senior partner of the consulting engineering firm of Messrs. Walker and Burges (of Limehouse), Burges having first became their pupil in 1811 and risen to partner in 1829. In 1832 their offices moved to 44 Parliament Street, Westminster (which lies at southern end of Whitehall) and then to 23 George Street. In 1853 they promoted James Cooper, one of their assistants, to the partnership with the firm then being known as Messrs. Walker, Burges & Cooper.
Walker succeeded their associate Thomas Telford as President of the Institution of Civil Engineers, serving from 1834 to 1845. One of their first major roles as President was to oversee the choice of three new harbours to serve Edinburgh: a major extension to Leith Docks; a new harbour at Trinity; or a new harbour at Granton. The choice resulted in the building of Granton Harbour.
They were also chief engineer within Trinity House, hence their considerable involvement with coastal engineering and lighthouses. They were conferred with Honorary Membership of the Institution of Engineers and Shipbuilders in Scotland in 1857.
They died at 23 Great George Street in Westminster, London on 8 October 1862.
 They are buried beneath a humble gravestone in St Johns churchyard in Edinburgh against a retaining wall on one of the southern terraces.
Projects and other work
Walker worked on various engineering projects, including:
Greenland Dock, London (c. 1808 – c. 1862)
Vauxhall Bridge, London (1816, since demolished)
Poplar Workhouse, London (c. 1815 - c. 1817), designer
West Usk Lighthouse, near Newport, South Wales
Survey for the Leeds and Selby Railway (1829)
Brunswick Wharf Warehouse, Blackwall, London (1832–34) designer, for the East India Dock Company and built by contractor Messrs. Horne & Gates of Poplar
Survey for the Leipzig–Dresden Railway (1835)
Hull and Selby Railway (survey and consulting engineer, 1834, 1836–40).
Start Point lighthouse, Devon (1836)
Maplin Sands Lighthouse (1838)
Advice on alignment of Hereford and Gloucester Canal (1838)
Victoria Viaduct (or Bridge) on the Durham Junction Railway (1838)
Improvements to Aberdeen Harbour (1838)
South Bishop Lighthouse (1839)
Wolf Rock beacon and lighthouse (1840–1862)
Coquet Lighthouse (1841)
Plans for River Thames embankments, later known as 'Walker's lines,' upon which the present Thames and Victoria Embankments are largely based (c. 1842)
South Foreland Lighthouse rebuilt with a taller tower (1841-1842)
Trevose Head Lighthouse (1844–1847)
River Severn and South Wales Railway (1845), a report that blocked Brunel's plans for railway bridges across the River Severn.
Gunfleet Lighthouse, off Frinton-on-Sea, Essex (1850)
Design of the East Bute Dock, Cardiff (1855)
Whitby Lighthouse - the twin lights of Whitby North and Whitby South lighthouses, near Ling Hill, High Whitby (1857–58)
Bishop Rock lighthouse (1858)
Needles Lighthouse, Isle of Wight (1859)
Completion of the Caledonian Canal (1838–1848)
Alderney breakwater, Channel Islands (1847) and harbour (1862)
St Catherine's Harbour, Jersey, Channel Islands (1847–1856)
Improvements to navigation in the River Tyne (1853–1861)
Houses of Parliament, consulting engineer for the Clock Tower (also known as Big Ben) as well as the Victoria Tower and Central Tower (1836–1859), cofferdam for the riverside foundations and terrace (1837–49)
Walker was also involved in designing a dock harbour in Hamburg (1845, with William Lindley and Heinrich Hübbe). They were also involved in the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, preparing a report on the merits of stationary and locomotive engines along with other notable engineers of the day. They were also for a long period consulting engineer to the Board of Admiralty.
Memorial
A memorial to Walker was commissioned by the Institution of Civil Engineers to stand at Greenland Dock and was unveiled in 1990.
References
Obituaries
Proceedings of the Royal Society of London, Volume 12, Royal Society (Great Britain), 1863, "Obituary Notices of Fellows Deceased", p. lxiv–lxvi, google books link
Scottish civil engineers
19th-century British engineers
Lighthouse builders
People from Falkirk
1781 births
1862 deaths
Presidents of the Institution of Civil Engineers
Presidents of the Smeatonian Society of Civil Engineers
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Burials at St John's, Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal Society
Theresia Anna Lilian Maria Shields (née Schmon; August 1, 1933 – October 31, 2012) was an American actor, film producer, socialite, and model.
Life and career
Shields was born and raised in Newark, New Jersey. They were the daughter of Theresa (née Dollinger), a house cleaner, and John Schmon, a chemist. They were of German, English, Scotch-Irish, and Welsh ancestry. In 1964, they married Francis Alexander Shields. Several months later, they filed for divorce. The couple's only child, Brooke (born 1965), became a well-known model and actor.
When Brooke was a child, they lived in a townhouse on the Upper East Side.
They acted alongside their daughter in Wanda Nevada, Endless Love, and Backstreet Dreams.
In 2009, Brooke announced that their mother was suffering from dementia. On October 31, 2012, Shields died at age 79 following a long illness related to dementia.
Filmography
1979 – Wanda Nevada, actor
1981 – Endless Love, actor
1983 – Sahara, producer
1990 – Backstreet Dreams, actor
References
External links
Teri Shields at Find a Grave (archive)
1933 births
2012 deaths
People from the Upper East Side
American socialites
Female models from New Jersey
American film actores
Actresses from Newark, New Jersey
Deaths from dementia in New York (state)
21st-century American women
John William Watson Stephens FRS (1865–1946) was a British parasitologist and expert on tropical diseases.
After a term at Christ College, Brecon and then completion of secondary school at Dulwich College, Stephens matriculated in 1884 at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, graduating there with B.A. in 1887. They received their medical education at St Bartholomew's Hospital, receiving there M.B. and B.Chir. in 1893 and D.P.H. in 1894.
Stephens held in 1895–1886 a Sir Trevor Lawrence research studentship in pathology and bacteriology at St Bartholomew's Hospital and in 1897 a John Lucas Walker research studentship in pathology at Cambridge. They became in 1897 an Assistant Bacteriologist to the Government of India. In 1898–1902 they were a member of the Royal Society's malaria commission in Africa and India. At Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine they were from 1903 to 1913 the Walter Myers Lecturer in Tropical Medicine and, as the successor to Sir Ronald Ross, from 1913 to 1928 the Alfred Jones Professor of Tropical Medicine. In World War I they were a malaria consultant with rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, Royal Army Medical Corps. They were a member of the Colonial Medical Research Committee in 1927 and the president of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene in 1927–1928.
Stephens and H. B. Fantham did pioneer work on sleeping sickness and were the first to distinguish Trypanosoma brucei rhodesiense from Trypanosoma brucei gambiense (although they called T. brucei gambiense and T. brucei rhodesiense by the names T. gambiense and T. rhodesiense, respectively — contrary to contemporary taxonomy).
There are several species of the protozoan parasite Plasmodium that cause malaria in humans. One such species, namely Plasmodium ovale, was first described in 1914 by Stephens in a blood sample taken from a patient in Pachmarhi, Madhya Pradesh in the autumn of 1913.
They married in 1901 and was the father of two sons.
Selected works
with S. R. Christophers:
French translation, published 1906
References
1865 births
1946 deaths
People educated at Dulwich College
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge
Malariologists
British parasitologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Indian Medical Service officers
People from Carmarthenshire
Manson medal winners
Presidents of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene
Academics of the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine
The 2005 World Taekwondo Championships were the 17th edition of the World Taekwondo Championships, and were held in Madrid, Spain from 13 to 17 April 2005.
Medal summary
Men
Women
Medal table
Team ranking
South Korea won both men's and women's team titles at the 2005 WTF World Taekwondo Championships.
Men
Women
References
WTF Medal Winners
External links
Official Website
World Championships
Taekwondo Championships
World Taekwondo Championships
International taekwondo competitions hosted by Spain
Taekwondo in Spain
Ohio's 12th senatorial district has been based in rural western Ohio. It comprises the counties of Allen, Mercer, Shelby, Champaign as well as portions of Auglaize, Darke and Logan counties. It encompasses Ohio House districts 4, 84 and 85. It has a Cook PVI of R+14. Its Ohio Senator is Republican Matt Huffman. They reside in Lima, a city located in Allen County.
Former senator Keith Faber served as Senate President from 2013 to 2016.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 12th district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Portrait of a Lady is a 1677 oil painting on canvas by Nicolaes Maes, created in 1677. It is held at the Timken Museum of Art, in San Diego.
References
1677 paintings
Paintings by Nicolaes Maes
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Paintings of people
Joachim Jerzy Marx (born 31 August 1944) is a Polish former professional footballer who played as a striker. Besides Poland, they have played in France.
On the national level, they played for Poland national team (23 matches/10 goals) and was a participant at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where their team won the gold medal.
With Ruch Chorzów, they played 162 matches in the Ekstraklasa scoring 66 goals. With Marx, Ruch won the national championship (1974 and 1975), and the Polish Cup (1974).
Later in their career, Marx went to France, where they played most notably for RC Lens (second place in Ligue 1 in 1977). Since ending their professional career in 1982, Marx worked as a coach in France.
Marx was famed for the power of their shot.
References
Living people
1944 births
Association football forwards
Polish footballers
Poland international footballers
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Poland
Olympic footballers of Poland
Ruch Chorzów players
RC Lens players
Expatriate footballers in France
Sportspeople from Gliwice
Polish football managers
RC Lens managers
LB Châteauroux managers
Ligue 1 players
Expatriate football managers in France
Olympic medalists in football
Gwardia Warsaw players
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
US Nœux-les-Mines players
Piast Gliwice players
Geastrum britannicum is an inedible fungus from the family Geastraceae, whose fruit body resembles a man figure. The specific epithet britannicum reflects the fact that the fungus is found only in Great Britain.
Taxonomy
Geastrum britannicum was first spotted on a roadside verge in Cockley Cley under pine trees in 2000 by Jonathan Revett. At the time, the species was believed to be merely a variant of Geastrum quadrifidum, which is only slightly different in appearance. In 2015, the fungus was finally described as a new species by Juan Carlos Zamora on the basis of morphology and DNA sequence analysis.
References
Further reading
britannicum
Fungi of the United Kingdom
Inedible fungi
Fungi described in 2015
Biota of Great Britain
Seymenli, Şereflikoçhisar is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Gündoğan, Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Marquis was a vice admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography
Born in Chiyoda, Tokyo into a kuge family of court nobility related to the Fujiwara aristocracy, Daigo was a graduate of the Gakushuin Peers' school. They went on to graduate from the 40th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1912. Their rank on entering was only 126th out of 150 cadets, but they improved their scores, so that they graduated at 17th out of 144.
Daigo served as a midshipman on the cruiser and battleship . As an ensign, they were assigned to the cruiser .
After their promotion to sub-lieutenant in 1913, they took time out to attend a session of the House of Peers as was obligatory for members of their social class. They then returned to active service on the battleship and destroyer .
Daigo was promoted to lieutenant in 1918, and after taking courses in torpedo warfare, was assigned to submarines, serving on , and then becoming captain of , followed by . They also served on the cruiser in 1924. After promotion to lieutenant commander in 1924, they were captain of in 1926, and chief torpedo officer on the battleship later the same year.
In the 1930s, Daigo was captain of a large number of cruisers in rapid succession: , , , , , and . They were promoted to rear admiral on 15 November 1940.
Daigo commanded Submarine Squadron 5 (Subron 5), with their flag on the light cruiser at the start of the Pacific War. At the time of the attack on Pearl Harbor, Subron 5 was covering the first wave of the Malaya Invasion Force south of the Cape of Camau, French Indochina.
On 9 December 1941, Subron 5 was ordered to pursue and sink the Royal Navy Force Z (battleship , battlecruiser and supporting destroyers). Although Yura received word from that the British ships were spotted, due to poor wireless reception, the signal was unclear and the British vessels were overwhelmed by torpedo bombers of the 22nd Air Flotilla from bases in Indochina before Yura and their submarines could take action.
Subron 5 was then assigned to the invasion of Sarawak from 13–26 December, covering landings in Brunei, Miri, Seria, and Kuching. The 2,500 men of the "Kawaguchi Detachment" and the No. 2 Yokosuka Special Naval Landing Force (SNLF) quickly captured Miri's airfield and oil fields. The operation was completed, and Yura returned to its base at Camranh Bay, Indochina by the end of the year.
Subron 5 was also part of the advance screening force for the Battle of Midway.
Daigo became vice admiral on 1 November 1943. They were assigned command of the Eastern Attack Group which carried out midget submarine and merchant shipping attacks on the east coast of Australia.
Daigo was Commandant of the Naval Submarine School from 23 August 1944 and final Commander in Chief of the IJN 6th Fleet from 1 May 1945. During these assignments, they were involved in the kaiten human-torpedo program.
After the end of the war, Daigo was arrested by SCAP authorities at the request of the Netherlands government, and was extradited to Batavia in the Dutch East Indies, where they were charged with war crimes in connection with the kidnapping, torture and massacre of 21,000 people (including women and children) by Japanese troops in Pontianak during the Pontianak incidents. After being held for several months under severe conditions, they were found guilty in a closed military tribunal at Pontianak after only three hours of testimony, during which time they were not allowed to speak in their own defense. They were found guilty and executed with a rifle shot to the stomach on 6 December 1947. As Daigo was commander of submarine forces, (although from 8 November 1943 the 22nd Special Guard Division based at Balikpapan, Borneo fell nominally under their command), their connection (if any) with the events in Pontianak from 23 April 1943 – 28 June 1944 remain very unclear. Whereas other "Class B" war criminals found guilty of professional negligence for atrocities committed by junior staff under their nominal command were sentenced to several years in prison, the speed and secrecy surrounding their trial, and the severity and brutality of their punishment, have created questions which remain unanswered.
Notable Positions Held
Crewmember, BB Kongo - 1 December 1916 – 1 April 1917
Chief Equipping Officer, SS RO-64 - 15 January 1925 – 30 April 1925
Commanding Officer, SS RO-64 - 30 April 1925 – 1 December 1925
Staff Officer, Yokosuka Naval District - 1 December 1925 – 1 March 1926
ComSubDiv 9–1 December 1932 – 15 November 1933
ComSubDiv 19–15 November 1933 – 15 November 1934
Commanding Officer, CL Yubari - 15 November 1934 – 25 May 1935
Commanding Officer, CL Naka - 25 May 1935 – 15 November 1935
Commanding Officer, CL Kuma - 15 November 1935 – 1 December 1936
Commanding Officer, CA Takao - 1 December 1936 – 3 June 1938
Commanding Officer, CA Ashigara - 3 June 1938 – 1 December 1938
ComSubRon 5–20 October 1941 – 10 July 1942
Acting Commanding Officer, Kure SubRon - 31 August 1942 – 1 April 1943
ComSubRon 11–1 April 1943 – 20 October 1943
Commander-in-Chief, 6th Fleet - 1 May 1945 – 15 September 1945
Dates of Promotion
Midshipman - 17 July 1912
Ensign - 1 December 1913
Sublieutenant - 13 December 1915
Lieutenant - 1 December 1918
Lieutenant Commander - 1 December 1924
Commander - 30 November 1929
Captain - 15 November 1934
Rear Admiral - 15 November 1940
Vice Admiral - 1 November 1943
Ancestry
References
Books
External links
Notes
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
Japanese admirals of World War II
1891 births
1947 deaths
Kazoku
People from Chiyoda, Tokyo
Japanese people convicted of war crimes
Executed military personnel
People executed by the Netherlands by firearm
Japanese people executed abroad
Executed Japanese people
People executed for war crimes
Slapton may refer to the following places in the United Kingdom:
Slapton, Buckinghamshire, a village and civil parish
Slapton, Devon, a village and civil parish
Slapton, Northamptonshire, a village
See also
Slapton Castle, an Iron Age hill fort near Slapton, Devon
Slapton Ley, a lake on the south coast of Devon
Slipton, Northamptonshire, a village
André Giroux (December 10, 1916 – July 28, 1977) was a Canadian writer of fiction. Giroux authored Malgré tout, la joie, a series of short stories for which they received the Governor General's Award for French Canadian literature in 1959, as presented by the Canada Council. They were also a Montyon Prize winner.
Giroux was born in Quebec City, Quebec. A member of the Royal Society of Canada, they died following an automobile accident on July 24, 1977.
List of literary works
Au-delà des visages / Beyond the Faces (1948 novel)
Le gouffre a toujours soif / The Bottomless Pit (1953 novel)
14, rue de Galais / 14 Galais street (television series, 1954–57)
Malgré tout, la joie / Despite Everything, the Joy! (1958) — Winner, 1959 Governor General's Awards
André Giroux also authored articles in newspapers under the pseudonym Rene de Villers.
Biographies
Analytical Bibliography of Andre Giroux, Yvette Giroux, 1949
Andre Giroux - the writer, the man, the poet, Mado of Isle, the Editions Arion, 1994
Awards and honours
1949 - Montyon Prize of the French Academy
1950 - Province of Quebec Prize
1952 - Guggenheim Fellowship
1959 - Governor General's Award for French language fiction
External links
CyberScol: Quebec literature
Guide to Literary Archives: André Giroux provided by Library and Archives Canada
Archives of Andr Giroux (Fonds André Giroux, R11742) are held at Library and Archives Canada
1916 births
1977 deaths
Canadian male novelists
Writers from Quebec City
Governor General's Award-winning fiction writers
20th-century Canadian novelists
Canadian novelists in French
20th-century Canadian male writers
Montyon Prize laureates
The Suite for Variety Orchestra () (circa 1956) is a suite in eight movements by Dmitri Shostakovich. The work consists of a collection of movements which derive from other works by the composer. It is also named Suite for Variety Stage Orchestra, for example in Derek Hulme's Shostakovich catalogue.
For many years the Suite for Variety Orchestra was misidentified as the lost Suite for Jazz Orchestra No. 2 (1938), a different work in three movements that was lost during World War II, the piano score of which was rediscovered in 1999 by Manashir Yakubov, and orchestrated the following year by Gerard McBurney.
Instrumentation
The work is scored for an orchestra of 2 flutes (with piccolo), an oboe, 2 (optionally 4) clarinets, 2 alto saxophones, 2 tenor saxophones (the first tenor doubling on soprano saxophone), a bassoon, 3 horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, a tuba, timpani, 3 percussionists (with triangle, tambourine, side drum, bass drum, cymbal, suspended cymbal, glockenspiel, xylophone and vibraphone), harp, 2 pianos (one doubling celesta), accordion, guitar and strings.
Movements
According to a note by the composer, any number of the pieces may be played, and in any order. The order of movements given in the New Collected Works of Dmitri Shostakovich series is as follows:
Background
The Suite was first performed in a Western country on 1 December 1988 in Barbican Hall, London, conducted by Mstislav Rostropovich, under the title Suite for Jazz Orchestra No. 2.
The work was recorded by Riccardo Chailly conducting the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra in 1991 (also erroneously identified as the Jazz Suite No. 2), and released on a disc entitled Shostakovich: The Jazz Album (Decca 33702). The movements on that recording were ordered 1, 5, 2, 6, 4, 7, 3, 8. Chailly's recording of the Waltz 2 movement was used on the soundtrack to the 1999 Stanley Kubrick film Eyes Wide Shut, as the opening title and closing credit theme, as well as in the A&E Network series A Nero Wolfe Mystery (the episode "Champagne for One").
It is thought that the Suite for Variety Orchestra must have been assembled by Shostakovich at least post-1956, because of the use of material from that year's music to the film The First Echelon. In fact, the greater part of the Suite for Variety Orchestra is recycled material:
The opening and closing movements (March and Finale) are based on the "March" from Korzinkina's Adventures, Op. 59 (1940).
The second movement (Dance 1) was adapted from "The Market Place" (No. 16) from the film score for The Gadfly, Op. 97 (1955).
The third movement (Dance 2) goes back to "Invitation to a Rendezvous" (No. 20), from The Limpid Stream, Op. 39 (1934–35) [which itself was taken from "Mime and Dance of the Pope" (No. 19) from The Bolt, Op. 27 (1930–31)].
The seventh movement (Waltz 2) was adapted from the Waltz (eighth movement) from the Suite from 'The First Echelon''', Op. 99a (1956).
In popular culture
In addition to the film Eyes Wide Shut, the music was featured in the films Bad Santa and Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, as well as in the television series Mr. Robot, Altered Carbon, A Nero Wolfe Mystery and House of Cards'' (2013).
It has also been used in advertisements for Sprint Nextel, Heineken, and Lincoln Motor Company.
References
External links
Publisher's page of the Suite for Variety Orchestra
Sikorski's Shostakovich Catalogue
concert programme notes about the Suite
DSCH
Introduction to "Dmitri Shostakovich: Jazz Suites" by Classic FM
Variety Orchestra
Andrzej Tomza (6 August 1931 – 17 June 2006) was a Polish sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. They were shot dead in their garden in 2006.
References
1931 births
2006 deaths
Polish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Poland
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lublin
Deaths by firearm in Poland
Gençler Birliği SK is a sports club based in Trikomo, Northern Cyprus and first established in 1934 in Larnaca. For a small period the team's name was Demi Spor Larnaca.
References
Football clubs in Northern Cyprus
Sport clubs established in 1934
Ársæll Örn Kjartansson (born 6 October 1945) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a defender. They won three caps for the Iceland national football team between 1966 and 1968.
References
Ársæll Kjartansson international appearances at ksi.is
1945 births
Living people
Arsaell Kjartansson
Association football defenders
Arsaell Kjartansson
Arsaell Kjartansson
"All I Am" is a song by English singer-songwriter Jess Glynne. It was released through the Atlantic on 17 August 2018 as the second single from their second studio album, Always in Between (2018). It contains a sample replay of Kings of Tomorrow's 2000 single "Finally" bass line performed and produced by Mark Summers of Scorccio.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
Jess Glynne songs
Song recordings produced by Mark Ralph (record producer)
Songs written by Frances (musician)
Songs written by James Newman (musician)
Songs written by Jess Glynne
Songs written by Jin Jin (musician)
Catch and Release is a Canadian drama film, directed by Dominique Cardona and Laurie Colbert and released in 2018. An adaptation of Jane Martin's theatrical play Keely and Du, the film stars Laurence Leboeuf as Keely, a woman who got pregnant from being raped by their ex-husband, but has been kidnapped by an extremist anti-abortion group and is being detained at a remote wilderness cabin in Northern Ontario to prevent them from aborting the pregnancy.
The cast also includes Nancy Palk as Du, the guard watching Keely to prevent them from escaping, and Aidan Devine as Du's colleague Robert, as well as Peter Mooney and Michael James Regan in supporting roles.
The film had its theatrical premiere at the Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival in September 2018 as Keely and Du, and was subsequently screened at other film festivals under the Catch and Release title. In an interview with the Toronto-based Muff film blog, Cardona and Colbert clarified their reasons for retitling the film, noting that the original title did not necessarily resonate with audiences as the play is not as well-remembered in the 2010s as it was in its prime, and instead they opted to play on the film's use of catch and release fishing as a metaphor. It was released to video-on-demand platforms in 2020 as Catch and Release.
Critical response
Chris Knight of the National Post rated the film 2.5 stars out of 5, writing that "The resulting product is serious, well shot and thoughtful to a point, but it cries out for more shaded characters and motivations. As it stands, it won't change the minds of any abortion foes, who won't recognize themselves in the overtly villainous kidnappers. Like the fishing practice, Catch and Release lets viewers go on their way untroubled and unchanged." They also criticized the title change, asserting that the original Keely and Du was a better title as it affirmed the connection to the original source material, while the new title left the possibility of viewers getting it confused with the very different Catch and Release from 2006.
For In the Seats, Thomas Wishloff also rated the film 2.5 stars, concluding that "it's impossible to shake the feeling that no matter how well-crafted some the ambient surroundings are, they're trapped inside a film far less interesting than it could be. This isn't a great exploration of religious fundamentalism, nor is it even a great play at the need for women to stand together. It's actually a horror film, and one that needs a stronger sense of catharsis."
Alisha Mughal of Exclaim! reviewed the film more favourably, rating it 7 out of 10 and writing that "Catch and Release's broad strokes would certainly have been provocative and effective when Keely and Du first came out in 1993. Today, in 2020, it still offers a powerful message, because the movie's directors are right: we still haven't come far enough in transforming attitudes towards abortions. We need to continue the dialogue."
References
External links
2018 films
2018 drama films
Canadian drama films
Films about abortion
English-language Canadian films
Films shot in Ontario
Films set in Northern Ontario
Films directed by Dominique Cardona and Laurie Colbert
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
Una Leacy is a camogie player and winner of two All-Star awards. Leacy's first All-Star came in 2007, the year their two early goals helped Wexford win their first All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship in 32 years, and their second in 2011. They won further All Ireland medals in 2010 and 2011.
Family background
Them sister Mary Leacy won two All Star awards with Wexford.  They are a daughter of Margaret (née O'Leary) who was selected at left half-back on the camogie team of the century. Margaret's successes include three All-Ireland Seniors with Wexford in 1968, '69 and '75; seven Gael Linn Cups with Leinster in 1965, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972 and 1978; five All-Ireland Clubs, with Eoghan Ruadh (Dublin) in 1967 and with Buffers Alley (Wexford) in 1978, 1981, 1982 and 1983; Gaelic All Star award 1968; captain of the first Wexford team to win the National Camogie League in 1977-'78. They play for Oulart the Ballagh.
Other awards
National League Division one 2009; All Star 2007; five All-Ireland Féile na nGael 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002 as captain (national record); Leinster Under-14 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002; Leinster Under-16 2002; Leinster and winner of All-Ireland Senior medals in Colleges with Coláiste Bríde in 2003, 2004, 2005; All-Ireland Junior Colleges in 2004 (captain); Leinster Junior 2003, 2004; Club Senior 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009; Leinster Club Senior 2009; Ashbourne Cup 2007, 2008; Leinster Senior 2007; shared 'Irish Independent/Jury's' sportstar of the week with their sister, Mary, after the 2007 Winner of All-Ireland Senior medals in final; Purple and Gold Star 2008.
References
Living people
Wexford camogie players
1988 births
UCD camogie players
Events from the year 1858 in France.
Incumbents
Monarch – Napoleon III
Events
14 January - Orsini affair: Felice Orsini and their accomplices fail to assassinate Napoleon III in Paris but their Orsini bombs kill 156 bystanders. Orsini is executed on 13 March by guillotine.
11 February - Lourdes apparitions: Peasant girl Bernadette Soubirous of Lourdes, 14, has a vision at the grotto of Massabielle, the first in a series of eighteen events (up to 16 August) which will come to be regarded as Marian apparitions.
August - The first aerial photography is carried out by Nadar, from a tethered balloon.
September - Cochinchina Campaign: French warships, under Charles Rigault de Genouilly, attack and occupy Da Nang, Vietnam.
Arts and literature
21 October - Following the lifting of government licensing restrictions on the number of performers, Jacques Offenbach's first 2-act opéra bouffe, Orpheus in the Underworld (Orphée aux enfers), is premiered at Théâtre des Bouffes-Parisiens.
Camille Saint-Saëns succeeds Louis James Alfred Lefébure-Wély as organist of La Madeleine, Paris.
Births
6 January - Sébastien Faure, anarchist, (died 1942)
9 January - Maurice Couette, physicist (died 1943)
21 January - Mélanie Bonis, composer (died 1937)
31 January - André Antoine, actor-manager (died 1943)
7 February - Amédée-François Lamy, military officer (died 1900)
15 April - Émile Durkheim, sociologist (died 1917)
19 May - Roland Bonaparte, prince, president of the Société de Géographie (died 1924)
28 August - Charles le Bargy, actor and film director (died 1936)
August - Guy d'Hardelot (Helen Rhodes, née Guy), composer, pianist and teacher (died 1936)
Deaths
15 January - Antoine Maurice Apollinaire d'Argout, statesman, minister and governor of the Bank of France (born 1782)
8 February - Ambroise Roux-Alphéran, historian (born 1776)
27 March - Jean Guillaume Audinet-Serville, entomologist (born 1775)
9 April - Auguste François Chomel, pathologist (born 1788)
3 May - Julien Auguste Pélage Brizeux, poet (born 1803)
21 May - Charles-Louis Havas, writer and founder of Agence France-Presse (born 1783)
10 July - Auguste de Montferrand, architect (born 1786)
5 August - Joseph-Marie, comte Portalis, diplomat and statesman (born 1778)
10 December - Joseph Paul Gaimard, naval surgeon and naturalist (born 1793)
References
1850s in France
Viola lilliputana, the Lilliputian violet, is a species of violet described in 2012, and is among the smallest violets, and in fact one of the tiniest terrestrial dicot plants in the world. It was discovered from the arid puna in the Peruvian Andes in the 1960s and formally described only after half a century later. The name is derived from the fictional little people in Gulliver's Travels.
The violet species was selected by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University to be among the Top 10 New Species discovered in 2012 out of more than 140 nominated species. Its distinctiveness is the small size. The selection was publicised on 22 May 2013.
Nomenclature
According to the Jonathan Swift's 1726 novel Gulliver's Travels, the Lilliputians were diminutive humans only about 6 inches (actually 1/12th a normal human size). The specific epithet of the novel violet is named after those fictional people because of its exceptionally small size.
Discovery
The Lilliputian violet was collected from an extensive intermontane plateau of the high Andes of Peru. This species is known only from its type locality from collection of the specimen during the research team expedition from November 1962 to January 1963. Originally Hugh Iltis and their student Don Ugent, from the University of Wisconsin–Madison, had a project to study potato of Peru. On 15 December 1962 they were driving through a vast stretch of treeless puna in the centre of the western slope of the Andes. They were amazed by the extraordinary landscape where everything was in a Lilliputian scale. In the afternoon the made a halt at the base of Cerra Palla Palla to enjoy the view of vicuñas roaming in the wilderness. Iltis crouched on the ground to take a close snapshot of two vicuñas but dropped their haze filter off the camera. By a pure stroke of luck they looked down the ground to spot an extraordinarily minute violet which would in due course make its name aptly as Lilliputian violet. After collecting the specimen and maintaining the voucher for half a century, no other specimens have been recovered from anywhere. Therefore, the full description and formal naming was published only in December 2012.
Description
The entire above ground portion of the plant is barely tall. It is basically similar to other pinnatifid violets found endemic to central and southern Peru. It has large and strong stipules, elongate leaf lobes and dilated unappendaged style. But unlike other violets, it has conduplicated leaf blades, strong and oblong lanceolate to broadly elliptical lobes with blunt tips, and large basally-fused pedicel bractlets.
Significance
The name V. lilliputana is justified by its size. It is among the tiniest not only of violets but also of terrestrial dicotyledonous plants. Its serendipitous discovery and delayed description are notable in the annals of science.
References
External links
Taxon profile at BioLib
News at NesRX
CNET: The top 10new species discovered in 2012
Top Ten New Species distribution map
National Geographic: Pictures: Top 10 Newly Discovered Species of 2012
LiveScience: Top Ten New Species
Top 10 Species Gallery
lilliputana
Flora of Peru
The Basque Museum and Cultural Center is an institution in Boise, Idaho focused on Basque culture and history.
It was founded in 1985 and its museum is the only Basque museum in the United States.
References
Museums in Boise, Idaho
American people of Basque descent
Basque culture
Incorporated
American Revolutionary War, 1776–1780 (Perpetrator: Great Britain)
War of 1812, 1812–1815 (Perpetrator: United Kingdom, British Canada)
Thornton Affair, April 26, 1846 (Perpetrator: Second Federal Republic of Mexico)
Mexican–American War, 1846–1848 (Perpetrator: Second Federal Republic of Mexico)
American Civil War, 1861-1865 (Perpetrator: Confederate States of America)
Black Tom explosion, July 30, 1916 (Perpetrator: German Empire)
Battle of Columbus, 1916 (Perpetrator: Pancho Villa's División del Norte)
Attack on Orleans, 1918 (Perpetrator: German Empire)
Battle of Ambos Nogales, 1918 (Perpetrator: Improvised Mexican civilian volunteers)
Bombing of Naco, 1929 (Perpetrator: Escobar rebels)
Attack on Pearl Harbor, December 7, 1941 (Perpetrator: Empire of Japan)
American Theater (World War II), 1941–1945 (Perpetrator: Empire of Japan, Nazi Germany, Kingdom of Italy)
Attack on Goleta, Calif, Feb. 23, 1942, (Perpetrator: Empire of Japan) https://goletahistory.com/attack-on-ellwood/
1954 United States Capitol shooting, March 1, 1954 (Perpetrator: Puerto Rican nationalists)
1993 World Trade Center bombing, February 26, 1993 (Perpetrator: Al-Qaeda)
September 11 attacks in New York City, New York; Arlington, Virginia; and Shanksville, Pennsylvania, September 11, 2001 (Perpetrator: Al-Qaeda)
Unincorporated
Japanese invasion of the Philippines, 1941–1945
Battle of Guam, 1941
Battle of Wake, 1941
Battle of Midway, 1942
See also
Impressment
Texas Revolution
California Republic
Mexican Revolution
United States involvement in the Mexican Revolution
Johann Heinrich von Bernstorff
List of conflicts in the United States
Invasion of the United States
Terrorism in the United States
United States territory
Military history of the United States
Piermaria Siciliano (born 27 June 1974, in Catania) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Italy, who represented their native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics: 1992 and 1996. They won the bronze medal in the men's 4×200 m freestyle at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships, alongside Massimiliano Rosolino, Emanuele Merisi, and Emanuele Idini.
References
RAI Profile
1974 births
Living people
Italian male swimmers
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Italy
Sportspeople from Catania
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Italian male freestyle swimmers
Neritona juttingae, also known as the King Koopa Nerite Snail, is a species of a freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae.
Description
Distribution
The holotype was found in the River Musi near Palembang, Sumatra, Indonesia.
Human use
It is a part of ornamental pet trade for freshwater aquaria.
References
Eichhorst T.E. (2016). Neritidae of the world. Volume 2. Harxheim: Conchbooks. Pp. 696-1366
External links
Mienis H. (1973). Notes on recent and fossil Neritidae. 3. Neritina juttingae, new name for Nerita aculeata Gmelin, 1791, non Müller, 1774 (Mollusca, Gastropoda). Basteria. 37: 39-40
Gmelin J.F. (1791). Vermes. In: Gmelin J.F. (Ed.) Caroli a Linnaei Systema Naturae per Regna Tria Naturae, Ed. 13. Tome 1(6). G.E. Beer, Lipsiae [Leipzig. pp. 3021-3910]
Neritidae
Gastropods described in 1973
The Eagle: A Crime Odyssey (In Danish: "Ørnen: En krimi-odyssé") (2004-2006) is a Danish police procedural television series produced by Danmarks Radio, created and written by Peter Thorsboe and Mai Brostrøm. The series debuted on 10 October 2004 in Denmark. It won an International Emmy Award from the International Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for best non-American television drama series in 2005. There were three seasons; the second season premiered in Denmark on 9 October 2005 and the third on 8 October 2006. The last episode originally aired in Denmark on 26 November 2006. The series was filmed on location in various parts of northern Europe, from Berlin (Germany) and Copenhagen (Denmark) to Stockholm (Sweden), Oslo (Norway) and Iceland.
Plot
The series is named after the lead character, a half-Icelandic half-Danish police officer named Hallgrim Ørn Hallgrimsson, nicknamed "Ørnen" (the eagle). In the first episode, a new international criminal investigative unit is being formed under Thea Nellemann (Ghita Nørby), and Hallgrimsson (Jens Albinus) is persuaded to take the job as the lead investigator for the unit. They put together a small investigation team that are experts in their respective fields. Their cases cross the borders between Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Germany, Russia and various other countries; and involve biker gangs, former Russian KGB, possible terrorist threats and international fraud. Throughout the series Hallgrimsson deals with recurring flashbacks and possibly post-traumatic stress from a childhood incident.
Cast
Main Characters
Jens Albinus as Hallgrim Ørn Hallgrimsson (2004–2006)
Marina Bouras as Marie Wied (2004–2006)
Steen Stig Lommer as Villy Frandsen (2004–2006)
Susan A. Olsen as Ditte Hansen (2004–2006)
Janus Nabil Bakrawi as Nazim Talawi (2004–2006)
David Owe as Michael Kristensen (2004–2006)
Ghita Nørby as Thea Nellemann (2004–2006)
Hans Alfredsson as Hallgrim's dad (2004-2006)
Recurring Characters
Henrik Lykkegaard as Jens Hansen (2004–2006)
Morten Lützhøft as Holsøe (2004–2006)
Kristian Wanzl as Gustav (2005)
Episodes
The episodes bear the names of the following entities from Greek mythology:
Sisyphus, Scylla, Iphigenia, Ares, Nemesis, Hades, Cronus, Erinyes, Agamemnon, Keres, Calypso, Thanatos, Minos and Ithaca.
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Title track
The title track is called "Forgiveness". It is composed by Jacob Groth with lyrics and vocals by their spouse Misen Groth.
External links
Lyrics to the theme song.
Jacob Groth's official site. Various snippets can be downloaded.
.
2004 Danish television series debuts
2006 Danish television series endings
2000s Danish television series
2000s crime drama television series
2000s police procedural television series
DR television dramas
Danish crime television series
Danish drama television series
International Emmy Award for Best Drama Series winners
Seth Privacky (June 2, 1980 – July 15, 2010) was an American mass murderer who was convicted of five counts of murder at the age of 18 for shooting their parents, brother, brother's girlfriend and their grandfather in Muskegon, Michigan on November 29, 1998.
On July 15, 2010, Privacky was shot and killed during a failed prison escape attempt at Kinross Correctional Facility in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. Privacky and two other inmates overpowered the driver of a facilities semi-truck around 9:10 a.m. (ET) and tried to drive it through the double fence. Guards from the prison quickly apprehended two of the inmates, but Privacky tried to flee the truck once it stopped and was shot, resulting in their death. All three escapees were serving murder sentences.
See also
List of homicides in Michigan
References
External links
1980 births
2010 deaths
American escapees
American mass murderers
American people convicted of murder
Deaths by firearm in Michigan
Familicides
Mass shootings in Michigan
People from Muskegon, Michigan
People convicted of murder by Michigan
Prisoners who died in Michigan detention
People shot dead by law enforcement officers in the United States
Kasper Ansgarius "Ansgar" Almquist (4 February 1889 – 15 June 1973) was a Swedish sculptor, primarily of freestanding figural bronzes.
Early life and education
Born in Säby parish, now part of Tranås Municipality, to sales clerk Gustav Almquist and Augusta Åhman, Almquist was raised in the village of Åsen went to work for a furniture company when they were 14. In 1908 they began studying at the KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm; they continued in 1909 under the painter Carl Wilhelmson at Valand Academy in Gothenburg, and starting in 1910 in Paris, at the Académie Colarossi under Jean Antoine Injalbert and the École des Beaux-Arts. After the First World War, they returned to Europe in the 1920s on study tours in England, France, Germany and Italy.
Career
Almquist established their studio in Stockholm. They received a number of commissions for public art, including for Stockholm City Hall (four sculptures for the courtyard façade), the Gothenburg Museum of Art, and the Stockholm Concert Hall (staircase sculptures and the lights and columns in the main hall), and also executed sculptures in wood for the interior of of the Holland America Line; Venus is now held by in Gothenburg. They exhibited frequently with the Swedish Association of Artists, and individually in Tranås in 1930 and in Norrköping in 1944. From 1931 to 1938 they taught at the Högre konstindustriella skolan in Stockholm and from 1945 at its successor, Konstfack.
Their life-size bronze Gångaren (Race Walker) was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Personal life and death
Almquist married Sigrid Maria Löfgren in 1916. They died in 1973 in on the island of the same name.
Collections
Eriksbergs museum in Tranås exhibits a collection of their sculptures and some of the contents from their studio, and works by them have also been shown at Moderna Museet and Nationalmuseum in Stockholm and at the end the Gothenburg Museum of Art.
Selected works
Gångaren (Race Walker, 1936), Tidaholm
Carl Linnaeus (1938), Lund
Damen i dammen (1959), Skara
Mälarstäderna, Stockholm City Hall
Fiskarflickan, Stockholm County Museum
References
External links
1889 births
1973 deaths
20th-century Swedish sculptors
20th-century Swedish male artists
Swedish male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tranås Municipality
USS Monterey may refer to:
, was a screw tug that operated in San Francisco Bay from 1863 to 1892
, was an armored monitor in service from 1893 to 1921
, was a light aircraft carrier of World War II, serving from 1943 to 1956
, is a guided missile cruiser commissioned in 1990 and currently in active service
See also
(1931, completed 1932 and shown in Lloyd's as 1932), was an ocean liner of that saw service as a War Shipping Administration troopship in World War II. Due to its close association with Army troop transport this ship is sometimes labeled USAT, though it was never Army operated. Sunk in 2000 while under tow.
was the ex Puerto Rico, ex Hati of acquired by the War Shipping Administration 26 September 1942 and allocated to the U.S. Army under bareboat charter. Note: This ship operated at the same time as the Matson liner SS Monterey and has a 1932 date that is also seen for the larger ship as that was the completion date.
Monterey, a Matson cruise ship constructed from a 1952 C4 Mariner-class hull formerly named Free State Mariner; renamed Monte in 2006 to be broken up for scrap in 2007
United States Navy ship names
Lieutenant-Colonel John Ward (21 November 1866 – 19 December 1934) was an English Liberal Party politician, trade union leader and soldier.
Early life
Ward was born at Oatlands, Weybridge, Surrey, the son of Robert and Caroline Ward. Their father, a plasterer, died when they were three and they and their mother moved back to their home village of Appleshaw, near Andover, Hampshire. They had no real education and began working at a variety of odd jobs when they were seven years old. At the age of twelve they began work as a navvy on the Andover and Weyhill Railway, lodging with a man in Weyhill. They continued working as a navvy on jobs all over the country, including the Manchester Ship Canal, for the next seven years. It was only during this time that they learned to read and write.
In 1885, they enlisted in the British Army and served in the Sudan campaign, where they worked on the uncompleted military railway from Suakin to Berber. They were now becoming increasingly interested in politics and in 1886 joined the new Social Democratic Federation. On 9 November 1886 they took part in the meeting in Trafalgar Square which had been specially organised by the SDF to test the legality of the proclamation of Sir Charles Warren, the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, that demonstrations of the unemployed could not be held there. They were arrested, but due to their military record escaped with a fine.
Pre-war trade union and political career
In 1889, Ward founded the Navvies, Bricklayers' Labourers and General Labourers' Union, and continued to serve as its general secretary throughout its existence. They were also a co-founder of the short-lived National Federation of Labour Union the same year. In 1901, they were elected to the management committee of the new General Federation of Trade Unions and served on it until 1929; from 1913 they were its treasurer.
In 1892, Ward married Lilian Elizabeth Gibbs. They had three sons and a daughter. Lilian Ward died on 14 December 1926.
In 1888 and 1892 Ward unsuccessfully stood as an SDF candidate in local elections. They were prominent in the National Democratic League founded in 1900. In 1906 they were elected to the House of Commons as Liberal–Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for Stoke-upon-Trent, having refused to sign the Labour Representation Committee constitution three years earlier. They never joined the Labour Party and took the Liberal Party whip.
First World War
When the First World War broke out in 1914, Ward rejoined the Army, this time as a commissioned officer in the Middlesex Regiment. Using their connections in the labour movement, they recruited five labour battalions and in 1915 raised and became commanding officer of a pioneer battalion, the 25th Battalion, Middlesex Regiment (known as "The Navvies' Battalion" and later to become known as the "Diehards"), with the rank of lieutenant-colonel. They commanded the battalion in France for a short period, but was then ordered to the Far East. On the voyage, on 8 February 1917, the troopship Tyndareus hit a mine off the coast of South Africa. They acquitted themselves extremely well in this incident, keeping their composure throughout as they organised the evacuation of their men in the lifeboats. The battalion later continued with its voyage, serving as garrison troops in Hong Kong and the Straits Settlements.
Ward and their battalion were then sent to Siberia to support the White forces of Admiral Kolchak during the Russian Civil War. They were originally only intended for garrison duty, but soon found themselves in the field. Ward took their men from Vladivostok to Omsk, and effectively served as senior British officer in the region. They were instrumental in saving the lives of the Directorate of Five whom Kolchak replaced, but was on friendly terms with Kolchak throughout the period. Their book about these events, With the Diehards in Siberia, was published in 1920, shortly after their return to England on 3 September 1919. They later became secretary of the Russian Relief and Reconstruction Fund, which helped those who had been victims of the Bolsheviks. They also became a vice-president of the British Legion and a trustee of Comrades of the Great War, another veterans' organisation founded in 1917.
Ward was appointed Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1918 and Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1919. They also received the French Croix de Guerre (for the Battle of Kraevsky) and the Italian and Czechoslovakian equivalents, and was given the great honour of being made an ataman by their Cossack allies.
Post-war
After the war Ward was returned to the House of Commons as a Coalition Liberal in 1918, unopposed in their absence. They became increasingly anti-socialist, claiming to have witnessed atrocities committed by the Bolsheviks in Russia. They were also opposed to pacifism. They were re-elected in 1922, with a large majority; and in 1923, with a much smaller majority. They objected to the individual membership permitted by the Labour Party's 1918 Constitution; previously one could only join Labour through membership of an affiliated trade union or socialist society, and Ward felt that individual membership would open up the party to middle-class eccentrics. In 1924 they were returned as a Constitutionalist, backed by the Liberals and Conservatives, although they re-took the Liberal Party whip after the election on 16 December 1924. In 1922 they were appointed to the Select Committee on War Service Canteens. They had developed an opposition to the mui tsai system, a form of Chinese child slavery then prevalent in Hong Kong, during their military service in the colony. Their vocal criticism in the House of Commons eventually contributed to the abolition of mui tsai in colonial Hong Kong.
In 1929, Ward was defeated by Lady Cynthia Mosley, the Labour candidate, by a large margin, and decided to retire from politics. They retired to Weyhill, where they became a justice of the peace and president of the Andover branch of the British Legion. Having suffered heart problems for several years, they died at their home in 1934 and was buried in Appleshaw, where they had spent much of their childhood.
Cultural depictions
In 2013, Ward appeared briefly as a character in the TV drama series Downton Abbey (episode 7 of series 4), giving a lecture in Ripon. They were played by actor Stephen Critchlow.
Footnotes
References
Dictionary of National Biography
Obituary, The Times, 20 December 1934
External links
1866 births
1934 deaths
People from the Borough of Elmbridge
People from Test Valley
English trade unionists
British trade union leaders
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
British Army soldiers
British Army personnel of World War I
British Army personnel of the Russian Civil War
Middlesex Regiment officers
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Social Democratic Federation members
Liberal-Labour (UK) MPs
UK MPs 1906–1910
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
UK MPs 1924–1929
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
British Army personnel of the Mahdist War
National Liberal Party (UK, 1922) politicians
People from Appleshaw
Military personnel from Surrey
Kurt Seifert (4 July 1903 – 3 December 1950) was a German actor, singer, comedian, and in their later years, theatre director. Seifert was known as an operetta singer. From 1934 onwards they appeared in a significant number of feature films, sometimes in the lead as in Robert and Bertram (1939) but also in supporting roles. By the time they died in 1950, they had performed in forty-five films.
Selected filmography
The Island (1934)
The Castle in Flanders (1936)
Glückskinder (1936)
(1936)
Tango Notturno (1937)
Sergeant Berry (1937)
Patriots (1937)
Nights in Andalusia (1938)
The Roundabouts of Handsome Karl (1938)
The Great and the Little Love (1938)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
(1941)
The Gasman (1941)
Krach im Vorderhaus (1941)
We Make Music (1942)
The Thing About Styx (1942)
Somewhere in Berlin (1946)
Peter Voss, Thief of Millions (1946)
Anonymous Letters (1949)
Nights on the Nile (1949)
One Night Apart (1950)
When Men Cheat (1950)
Wedding with Erika (1950)
The Black Forest Girl (1950)
Wedding in the Hay (1951)
References
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
External links
1903 births
1950 deaths
German male film actors
20th-century German male singers
Actors from Essen
20th-century German male actors
The River Annalee () is a river in County Cavan, Ireland. The source of the river is Lough Sillan near Shercock from which it flows westwards through Lough Tacker, and south of Cootehill, until it reaches Butlersbridge. To the west of the village the river then flows through a series of lakes, before its confluence with the River Erne.
The Bunnoe and Laragh Rivers are two main tributaries that join the river below Cootehill, where it is also joined by the Dromore River.
The Irish name for the river is Abhainn na hEoghanach, which originates from the name of the historical district to the north of the river known as An Eoghanach, a district sometimes anglicised as Owenagh. The anglicised name of the river derives from one of the townlands through which it flows, namely Annaghlee (Eanach Lao).
Fishing is quite popular at Deredis near Butlersbridge and upstream of Cootehill in the stretch below Knappagh Bridge. Catches include Perch, Pike, Roach and Bream with Trout to over 3 pounds being reported.
The flow or discharge of the river is measured in its lower reaches at Butlersbridge, river levels are also measured at Rathkenny and Derryheen Bridge. The catchment area to the gauging station at Butlersbridge is , which with an annual average rainfall of , yields an average flow of . The maximum recorded flow between 1955 and 2012 was on 30 November 1995.
In September 1895 Charles Joseph Fay, former Home Rule League MP for Cavan, drowned in the River Annalee. It is believed that they lost their way in the dark, traveling home from Cootehill fair.
References
Rivers of County Cavan
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Worcestershire, England.
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Medieval sites in England
Houses in Worcestershire
Worcestershire
Worcestershire
Lists of buildings and structures in Worcestershire
John O'Neil may refer to:
John O'Neil (painter) (1915–2004), American painter and writer
John O'Neil (footballer) (born 1971), Scottish footballer
John O'Neil (rugby union) (1898–1950), American rugby union player
John O'Neil (rugby league), English rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s
John O'Neil (baseball) (1920–2012), American baseball player
John G. A. O'Neil (1937–1992), American politician from New York
John O'Neil (priest), Irish Anglican priest
John E. O'Neil IV, U.S. Army officer
John Jordan O'Neil, better known as Buck O'Neil (1911–2006), American baseball player
Fictional characters
Mr. John O'Neil, a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles character
See also
John O'Neill (disambiguation)
John O'Neal (disambiguation)
Al Rajhi Bank Malaysia is a bank based in Malaysia. Its head office is located at Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
See also
Al-Rajhi Bank
List of banks
List of banks in Malaysia
References
Islamic banks of Malaysia
Julian Egerton (24 August 1848 – 22 January 1945) was a British classical clarinetist.
Egerton was born in London. Despite contracting polio at the age of eight, they went on to have a lengthy, productive career, performing until the age of 93. They first studied under their father, William Egerton, and then with George Tyler of the Royal Philharmonic Society. They were the first British clarinetist to perform Brahms' Clarinet Quintet Op. 115. They were professor at the Royal College of Music in succession to Henry Lazarus from 1894 until 1910, and at Kneller Hall from 1889. Their students included Charles Draper and Haydn Draper.
When Queen Victoria's State and Private Bands were re-organised in 1870, Julian Egerton took over their father's place, at the age of 22 years, a position they held until 1909. They are, in addition, principal at the Hans Richter Concerts from their inception in 1879, and at many provincial festivals. They played at the first and many subsequent Promenade Concerts at Queens Hall under Henry J. Wood.
In 1910 they gave up both teaching appointments for personal reasons, much to the surprise and regret of the institutions involved.
In 1911 their wife Caroline Wakelin, whom they married in 1872, died. Together they had seven children. They remarried in 1917 and moved shortly after to Bilsington in Kent, where they died, aged 96.
Their Fieldhouse clarinets are preserved in the Edinburgh Collection of Historic Musical Instruments.
References
Weston, Pamela (1971), Clarinet Virtuosi of the Past, 292 pages.
Sources at www.music.ed.ac.uk
1848 births
1945 deaths
Musicians from London
British classical clarinetists
Academics of the Royal College of Music
Five ships and a shore establishment of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Calliope after the muse Calliope in Greek mythology:
was a 10-gun launched in 1808 and broken up in 1829.
was a 28-gun sixth rate launched in 1837. They were used as a floating chapel in 1860 and a factory from 1865. They were broken up in 1883.
was a or third class cruiser launched in 1884. They were used as a Royal Naval Reserve drill ship from 1907, was renamed HMS Helicon in 1915 and took back the name of HMS Calliope in 1931. They were sold in 1951.
was a light cruiser launched in 1914, the lead ship of the Calliope subgroup. They were sold in 1931.
HMS Calliope was originally the sloop . They were launched in 1932, and renamed HMS Calliope in 1952 when they replaced the 1884 HMS Calliope as the RNR's drill ship. They were broken up in 1968.
, one of fourteen Royal Naval Reserve units, is a "stone frigate" situated on the Gateshead bank of the River Tyne, between the Tyne Bridge and the Gateshead Millennium Bridge.
References
HMS Calliope from the Royal Navy website.
Royal Navy ship names
Yongfeng station may refer to:
Yongfeng station (Beijing)
Yongfeng station (Chengdu)
The Ledger Plaza Hotel N'Djamena, formerly the Kempinski Hotel N'Djamena, is a luxury hotel in N'Djamena, the capital of Chad. It is located in the city center of N'Djamena, near Quartier Diguel Est. The hotel opened in 2004. It features 177 rooms and suites.
Gallery
References
External links
Kempinski Hotel N'Djamena in the Emporis database
2004 establishments in Chad
Hotels in Chad
N'Djamena
Hotels established in 2004
Hotel buildings completed in 2004
The FASEB Journal is a scientific journal related to experimental biosciences, promoting scientific progress and education. It is published by the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology, that was founded in 1912, originally by three societies (29 as of January 2019).
References
Publications established in 1912
Biology journals
Monthly journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies
1912 establishments in the United States
Reusch Glacier () is a very small glacier descending into Relay Bay immediately east of Islands Point, along the north coast of Victoria Land. First charted by British Antarctic Expedition, 1898–1900, under C.E. Borchgrevink, who named this feature for Professor Hans Henrik Reusch, then president of the Norwegian Geographical Society.
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
Nooseneck is a village in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States, in the rural town of West Greenwich. Nooseneck is located on Rhode Island Route 3 near Interstate 95. The Nooseneck River passes through the village, where Interstate 95 crosses over it.
References
Villages in Kent County, Rhode Island
West Greenwich, Rhode Island
Providence metropolitan area
Villages in Rhode Island
Ronald Thomas Rhodes (17 November 1932 – 24 May 2021) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Ron Rhodes's profile at Blueseum
1932 births
2021 deaths
Carlton Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Kenneth Parr is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1960s and 1970s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Rochdale Hornets and Warrington, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career
International honours
Ken Parr won a cap for England while at Warrington in 1968 against Wales, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1968 against France.
County Cup Final appearances
Ken Parr played left-, i.e. number 11, in Rochdale Hornets' 5-16 defeat by Warrington in the 1965 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1965–66 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Friday 29 October 1965, played left-, i.e. number 11, in Warrington's 2-2 draw with St. Helens in the 1967 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1967–68 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 7 October 1967, and played right-, i.e. number 12, in the 10-13 defeat by St. Helens in the 1967 Lancashire County Cup Final replay during the 1967–68 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 2 December 1967.
References
External links
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
Living people
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rochdale Hornets players
Rugby league second-rows
Warrington Wolves players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Çığlık is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gazipaşa District
Giovanni Scialpi, best known as Scialpi or Shalpy (; born 14 May 1962) is an Italian pop singer, active from the early eighties of the 20th century.
Background
Born in Parma, Scialpi had an immediate success in the Summer of 1983 with the song "Rocking Rolling". Considered a sex symbol, in the 1980s they amassed several domestic hits, alternating romantic ballads (such as "Cigarettes and Coffee") and upbeat songs marked by futuristic lyrics (such as the cited "Rocking Rolling" and "No East No West", with whom they entered the competition at the 1986 Sanremo Music Festival). In 1988 they won the Festivalbar with the song "Pregherei". Since the 1990s they gradually slowed down their production although they never dropped out from music altogether.
Scialpi also appeared as an actor in an episode of the TV series Derrick and starred on several stage musicals. In 1990 they co-hosted the variety television Ricomincio da due together with Raffaella Carrà.
In 2012 they changed their stage name to Shalpy.
In July 2015 they announced their marriage with Roberto Blasi, an actor. They had been in a relationship since 2009.
In September 2015 they took part to the fourth Italian edition of Pechino Express.
Discography
Selected singles
″Rocking Rolling″ (1983)
″Mi manchi tu″ (1983)
″Cigarettes and Coffee″ (1984)
″No East No West″ (1986)
″Cry″ (1986)
″Bella età″ (1987)
″Pregherei″ (with Scarlett, 1988)
″Il grande fiume″ (1990)
″A... amare″ (1991)
″È una nanna″ (1992)
″Baciami″ (1994)
″Che per amore fai″ (1995)
″Bella signora″ (1998)
″La creazione″ (2001)
″Sono quel ragazzo″ (2002)
″Pregherò Imparerò Salverò″ (2003)
″Non ti amo più″ (2005)
″Goodbye″ (2006)
″I believe I can fly″ (2011)
″Here I am″ (2011)
″Ilventocaldodellestate″(2012)
″Icon-man″ (2012)
″Music is Mine″ (2013)
″Came to Me″ (2014)
Studio albums
Es-tensioni (1983)
Animale (1984)
Scialpi (1986)
Yo soy el amor (1987)
Un morso e via (1988)
Trasparente (1990)
Neroe (1991)
360 gradi (1992)
XXX (1994)
Spazio 1995 (1995)
Scialpi (2000)
Spingi, invoca, ali (2003)
Autoscatto (2006)
Liberi e Romantici (2011)
References
External links
1962 births
Musicians from Parma
Italian pop singers
Italian male actors
Living people
LGBT singers from Italy
Italian rock singers
Italian Italo disco musicians
English-language singers from Italy
Participants in Italian reality television series
ZYX Music artists
XBIZ is an American publisher of business news and business information for the sex industry.
In addition to its flagship "Xbiz.com" website, XBIZ publishes two monthly trade magazines, hosts winter and summer exhibition and industry conferences, as well as facilitates networking among adult online professionals through a business-to-business (B2B) professional networking service. XBIZ company representatives are frequently cited in mainstream media articles about business trends and practices in the industry.
XBIZ and its affiliated publications and services are operated by Adnet Media, which was founded in 1998 by adult-internet industry veteran Alec Helmy. Helmy is a founding member of the Association of Sites Advocating Child Protection (ASACP).
News and information products
XBIZ Awards – the adult entertainment industry's largest business-to-business awards show, which honors and recognizes business excellence and outstanding achievement by industry professionals, companies and performers.
XBIZ Digital Edition – XBIZ Digital features digital editions of the XBIZ World Magazine and XBIZ Premiere Magazine business journals, offering online or downloadable versions for offline viewing.
XBIZ Forum – a three-day business forum and networking event for industry professionals, held at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Paradise, Nevada.
XBIZ LA Conference – the adult entertainment industry's annual business seminar and trade expo, featuring seminars, workshops, keynote addresses and industry networking events.
XBIZ Newswire – an adult industry newswire and RSS service
XBIZ Premiere Magazine (formerly XBIZ Video) – a trade magazine for the adult entertainment industry's retail sector, which reports on the news and developments in the gay, retail, sex toy and video sectors of the adult entertainment industry.
XBIZ Research – an adult entertainment industry market research program.
XBIZ World Magazine – a trade magazine for the adult industry's digital media sector, which features Internet and technology news, feature articles, market analysis, trend reports and interviews with online adult industry trendsetters.
XBIZ.com – an adult industry business news and resource enterprise portal, which features headline news, feature articles, event listings, blogs, message boards, business services and a comprehensive company directory of the adult entertainment industry.
XBIZ.net – an adult entertainment industry business-to-business professional network service that connects adult entertainment industry professionals with new business opportunities.
XBIZ Awards
XBIZ gives annual industry awards in adult entertainment.
The XBIZ Awards are the largest award ceremony in the B2B sector of the sex industry. The award will take place at the winter conference and is organized by the industry magazine. The first event took place in 2003. The nominations are determined by the members of the industry. The jury is provided by the employees of XBIZ, colleagues and partners.
References
External links
XBIZ.com Website
Professional and trade magazines
Monthly magazines published in the United States
American entertainment news websites
American film awards
Magazines established in 1998
Internet properties established in 1998
Adult entertainment companies
Pornography
Companies based in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
The Mini Print International of Cadaqués is a print competition open to all printmaking techniques and tendencies in which artists from all over the world participate. The contest is held every year and it annually brings together about 650 artists from around 50 countries of the world. Apart from the annual exhibition held at the Taller Galeria Fort in Cadaqués, since 1992 the Mini Print is also presented in England and France.
The art gallery Taller Galeria Fort created by Pascual Fort and Mercedes Barberà Rusiñol in 1964, was first opened in Tarragona (1964-1973), where both renowned artists (Miró, Rouault...) and promising young artists from Camp de Tarragona exhibited. In 1965, Pascual Fort set up a workshop in New York. They had received an award from the Brooklyn Museum and a grant from the Institute of International Education in recognition of their work as an avant-garde artist and promoter. In 1973, the couple settled the gallery in Barcelona and Cadaqués, and in 1981 they conceived and carried out the first Mini Print International of Cadaqués, a contest that has become a reference in the world of printmaking.
In June 2016, one copy of the winning prints of all editions were donated to the Library of Catalonia.
References
External links
The collection of the Mini Print in the Library of Catalonia
Official Website
Visual arts awards
Catalan awards
Mustafa Zalmi () (July 1, 1924 – June 4, 2016) was a Kurdish professor and expert in Islamic studies and Sharia law. Zalmi was born in 1924 in the village of Zalm in Hawraman in Sulaypersoniyah province in Iraqi Kurdistan. They began to study in local religious schools in 1934 and has studied in both Iraq and Iran. They have finished their religious studies in 1946 in Koya city. Zalmi has received many significant certificates and awards throughout their life for their significant contributions to the Islamic and Sharia law.  They are the author of more than 50 books many of which are being studied as the major curriculum in many universities in Iraq, Jordan, Indonesia, and Yemen. Zalmi has earned three master's degrees and three PhD's in Islamic studies and Sharia law. Zalmi has received more than 65 local and international awards in Muslim countries and their work on the interpretation of the Islamic and Sharia law are studied in Kurdistan, Iraq, Jordan, Turkey and Malaysia.
Life
From the beginning of their life Zalmi had a lot of curiosity for education and studying. In the beginning of their youth Zalmi has started to study in their village Zalm in Hawraman. Then they have visited Iranian Kurdistan and Iraqi Kurdistan to reach many different scholars for education and self-improvement. After that they receive a certificate for finishing their education as a Muslim imam or scholar. In 1946 they also receive a certificate in Islamic studies. Then they go into Iraqi army and serves as an Imam for the military troops in Jalawla town in the south of Iraq. Zalmi had a big impact of the Revolution of July 14 in 1958.
In 1959 they ended the study of the preparatory school, and in 1965 received a bachelor's degree in law at the University of Baghdad, and in 1969 received a master's degree in Islamic law at Baghdad University, and in 1973 received a master's degree at Al-Azhar University, and in 1975 they earned a PhD at the same university.
Professor Zalmi is one of the most popular professors of the law departments in the universities of Iraq. They were the first professor ever to receive a special command from the government under the rule of Saddam Hussein to stay as an active professor in the universities of Iraq and until the end of their life and not to retire from their work because of their excellency and success as a Professor. Zalmi has contributed to the establishment of the curriculum of Iraqi universities in the fields of Law and Islamic Studies in all of the stages of the university. Four of their books are being studied as a part of the university curriculum from the first stage to the last in Law department. And one of their books is being studied for master's degree and one for PhD degree in Law. Their books are also been studied in Iraq, Jordan, Indonesia, and Yemen.
On June 4, 2016 they died in the Par Hospital in the city of Erbil and buried in their motherland near Khurmal town.
Certificates
1946 - Certificate of local religious school.
1965 - Bachelor's degree in Law.
1969 - Master's degree in Islamic Law.
1971 - Master's degree in Islamic Fiqh.
1973 - Master's degree in Law in Cairo University.
1975 - PhD in Islamic Fiqh (Deep understanding of Sharia law).
1981- Assistant Professor in Baghdad University.
1985 - Doctor (Dr.) in Baghdad University.
1987 - Professor in Baghdad University.
2005 - PhD in Law in Baghdad University.
Contributions
Zalmi is the Author of more than 50 books in the fields of Sharia Law and Law and has more than 40 scientific researches in the fields of Law and Philosophy.
Has supervised more than 100 letters and theses of masters and PhD's in the fields of Islamic Fiqh, Law, and Sharia Law.
Thorough out their life Professor Zalmi has been awarded and honored many times for their contributions.
References
Sources
The journey of my life. Author: Professor Mustafa Zalmi
1924 births
2016 deaths
Kurdish scholars
Kurdish writers
20th-century Muslim scholars of Islam
Iraqi expatriates in Egypt
Iraqi writers
The Men's 25 km competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 30 June 2022.
Results
The race was started at 07:00.
References
Men's 25 km
Men's 25 km open water
Matthew Steinmetz (born September 26, 1964 in Reading, Pennsylvania) is an American journalist and television sportscaster who worked as the pregame and postgame analyst for Comcast SportsNet Bay Area, the broadcast home of the Golden State Warriors of the NBA. They were also an WNBA writer for Comcast Sportsnet Bay Area.  They are now the host of Steiny and Guru on 95.7 THE GAME based in the San Francisco Bay.
Career
Previous to their current role, Steinmetz was featured numerous times per week as the Golden State Warriors Insider on local radio station 95.7 The Game (KGMZ-FM), an Entercom station.
In 2007, Steinmetz earned a Northern California Emmy Award for on-camera talent as part of the Warriors broadcast team. From 2004 through 2007, Steinmetz was part of the Warriors' radio and television Roundtable programs, and co-hosted the radio Roundtable with Tim Roye, the team's radio play-by-play man.
Steinmetz worked as the Golden State Warriors beat writer for the Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA) from 1996 through 2005. While working for the Contra Costa Times, Steinmetz earned the Associated Press Sports Editors first-place award for Best News Story of 1997 (circ. 50,000-175,000) for their reporting of the Latrell Sprewell-P.J. Carlesimo choking incident.
The San Francisco Peninsula Press Club honored Steinmetz in 2000 for their story on Joe DiMaggio (Joe's Grace Lifted Him Above Game). Steinmetz also worked as a basketball columnist for the San Francisco Examiner.
Early life
Steinmetz grew up in Reading, Pennsylvania and attended Holy Name High School.
Education
They graduated from Franklin and Marshall College in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, where they played four years of varsity basketball and worked at WFNM, the campus' college radio station.
External links
Steinmetz's basketball blog on AOL Fanhouse
Golden State Warriors broadcast team on the Comcast SportsNet Bay Area site
Steinmetz's basketball blog for Comcast SportsNet Bay Area.
Steinmetz's statistics at Franklin and Marshall College
American sports journalists
American television journalists
1964 births
Living people
Writers from Reading, Pennsylvania
Golden State Warriors announcers
Writers from Oakland, California
National Basketball Association broadcasters
American male journalists
Cootehill (; ) is a market town and townland in County Cavan, Ireland. Cootehill was formerly part of the neighbouring townland of Munnilly. Both townlands lie within the barony of Tullygarvey.
The English language name of the town is a portmanteau of "Coote" and "Hill", the family names of a local 18th century landowning family.
Name
The town's Irish name, Muinchille, derives from the Irish language term meaning a ridge or "sleeve".
The town's name in English, Cootehill, is a portmanteau attributed to the intermarriage of the landowning Coote and Hill families in the early 1700s. This involved the marriage of Thomas Coote (c. 1620–25 Nov 1671) and Frances Hill from Hillsborough, County Down, who were involved in the linen trade. The Coote family of Cootehill had some notable members, including the asupervisorstioned Thomas Coote who was a Cromwellian Colonel and a judge of the Court of King's Bench during the 18th century. Other Cootes served as sheriffs and under-sheriffs in the 19th century. Thomas Coote's great, great nephew was Charles Coote, 1st Earl of Bellomont.
History
Cootehill was formally established as a market town in 1725 when Thomas Coote obtained a charter to hold markets and fairs; thereafter strong ties to the Irish linen industry were cultivated. A description from 1844 states: "The town is comparatively well-built and respectively inhabited; and is not equaled in appearance by any place between it and Dublin except Navan."
The Cootehill of this era has a link to communist and labour history, in that a branch of the International Workingmen's Association (IWA) was established in Cootehill in 1872. This followed the establishment of branches in Dublin, Cork, and Belfast.
Prominent people who have visited the town over the years have included President Mary McAleese, who visited in 2002 to open Damien House near Dartrey Forest. Bertie Ahern, then Taoiseach, visited the town in 2006. Arthur Griffith, founder of Sinn Féin and later President of Dáil Éireann, was elected here in 1918, and Rev. John Wesley, a founder of the evangelical and Methodist movement, visited the town in the mid-18th century. Eoghan Ruadh Ó Néill camped and trained the Ulster Army in Munnilly, in the 1640s during the Irish Confederate Wars.
Heritage and culture
Built heritage
Many of the buildings in the area were built in the 18th and 19th centuries, with a number of Georgian buildings in the town centre. The town has several architecturally notable buildings, including an office with an arched sandstone facade, built for the Provincial Bank (later AIB Bank) in 1858 and designed by architect William G Murray. It stands at the far end of Market Street, and is next door to the Church of Ireland church, built 1819. Within 90 metres stands the renovated St. Michaels Roman Catholic Chapel. The Cootehill Court House is also nearby and was designed and built in 1832 by William Deane Butler. There are also examples of Modern and Postmodern architecture, such as the Cootehill Post Office. The market house was demolished in the 1960s. Cootehill workhouse and infirmary was built in 1841-1842. It was designed by George Wilkinson to accommodate up to 800 inmates, and a fever hospital was added in 1846 during the Great Famine. It closed in 1917 after serving as an asylum for a few years and was demolished in the 1960s.
Bellamont House
One of the main estate houses in the area, Bellamont Forest, was built between 1725 and 1730 for Thomas Coote, the Lord Justice of Ireland. It was designed by Coote's nephew, architect Edward Lovett Pearce. Pearce's other works include the former Houses of Parliament in College Green in Dublin, now the Bank of Ireland. They later became Surveyor General of Ireland, a post which they held until their death in 1733. Considered one of the finest Palladian villas in Ireland, Bellamont House is not as well known as some of Pearce's other works, but the Coote family who built it are. The first was Sir Charles Coote who died in battle at Trim in 1642, leaving their four estates to their four sons. Their youngest son Colonel Thomas Coote was granted the lands in County Cavan after the Act of Settlement in 1662 and was the founder of the town of Cootehill.
Music
Live music (including irish traditional music, country music, rock music and classical music) is played in the area. The Ulster Fleadh Cheoil has been hosted in Cootehill several times.
Industry and tourism
In 1837, Cootehill became the site of one of the first eight branches of Ulster Bank which remains to this day. The town is also home to Abbott Laboratories, which manufactures infant formulae. Other factories include Eakins and Whelans Shoes, and the Cootehill Enterprise Centre is home to Carleton Bakery. Agriculture and related industry (such as chicken processing and mushroom cultivation), as well as retail, are the main employers.
The surrounding lakes and rivers provide a backdrop which attracts visitors and sports enthusiasts. In the 18th and 19th century Cootehill was a centre for horse-racing.
There is a megalithic tomb in the townland of Cohaw approximately 5 km from Cootehill along the Shercock road.
Bellamont House is a noted example of Palladian Architecture in Ireland, and remains in a well-preserved condition. The country house was the ancestral seat of the Coote family, Earls of Bellamont. The former Bellamont Estate was a sprawling country estate stretching from the town centre north towards Rockcorry to the right of the Dromore River. The forest was once thickly planted with Norway spruce and other trees, and is now managed by Coillte and was clearcut in the early 1990s.
The estate featured several lakes, gatehouses at the numerous gates, pasture, forest, drumlins, and wildlife which includes wild deer and corncrakes. It is bordered by the Dromore River and Dartrey Forest (once part of the former, Dartrey Estate). Most of Bellamont Forest is now designated as Natural Heritage Area by Ireland's National Parks and Wildlife Service.
Infrastructure
At the end of 2006, Bindoo wind farm was completed close to Cootehill supplying the area with 48MW of wind generated electricity.
In 2008, a further two wind farms were constructed namely the 31.5MW wind farm of Mountain Lodge co-owned by Galetech Energy Ltd and Hibernian Wind Ltd and the 3MW two turbine wind project of Edrans wholly owned by Galetech Energy Ltd.
In 2017, a 20.5MW wind farm started construction known as Carrickallen wind farm owned by local company Galetech Energy Developments Ltd.
Transport
Cootehill railway station opened on 18 October 1860, closed for goods and passenger traffic on 10 March 1947, finally closing altogether on 20 June 1955. The line closed under the auspices of the Great Northern Railway after it was nationalised by the two governments.
Traditionally served by Bus Éireann. The service now comprises six journeys each way to/from Cavan and four journeys each way to/from Monaghan Mondays to Fridays inclusive. On Saturdays and Sundays there are two journeys in each direction.
There is also a three days a week Route 166 linking the town to Carrickmacross and Dundalk: A company called Sillan operates a through coach service between the town and Dublin.
Education
The town has two national schools: the Darley National School and St. Michael's National School. St Michael's is the larger of the two, with over 200 students from the ages of 4 to 12. The Darley National School is named after the Right Reverend John Darley, the sixth Bishop of Kilmore, Elphin and Ardagh, who established the school in 1859.
The local secondary school is St. Aidan's Comprehensive School. The Holy Family School, Monaghan Road, caters to students with special needs. Tanagh Outdoor Education Centre provides adventure sport activities (including canoeing and orienteering) for school groups and others.
Notable people
Eric Dorman O'Gowan, a major-general in the British Army during World War II and advisor to the IRA executive during the 1950s IRA Border Campaign.
Sir Reginald Dorman-Smith, a brother of above, was a colonel in the British Army and later served as the second Governor of Burma.
Mary Anne Madden Sadlier, author, was born in Cootehill in 1820.
John Charles McQuaid, Primate of Ireland and Archbishop of Dublin, was born in Cootehill in 1895.
Paddy Smith, Fianna Fáil T.D. who became the longest-serving member of Dáil Éireann.
Hughie O'Reilly, Gaelic footballer, who played for many years for the local GAA team, Cootehill Celtic.
Charlie Gallagher, former Gaelic football player for Cavan in the 1960s.
Ruairí McKiernan, social campaigner and member of the Council of State.
See also
List of towns and villages in the Republic of Ireland
References
External links
County Council Development Plan (2014-2020)
Cootehill History: 1835, 1844, Tenant Rights 1850, First International branch, Linen Industry, Cootehill Workhouse, Town Directory 1910,Trades 1931.
Cootehill in Song: Sweet Cootehill Town Tab, The Town of Cootehill notes, Sam Hall, Nell Flaherty's Drake!
Sightseeing: Town Heritage Trail, Dartrey Forest Walks, Heritage Tours
Civic Information: Tourism Fishing, Library, Chamber of Commerce
Towns and villages in County Cavan
Planned communities in the Republic of Ireland
Estadio Alfonso Lastras is a multi-use unfinished stadium in San Luis Potosí, Mexico. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and also music concerts. It used to be the home stadium of San Luis F.C. but after it dissolved, Atlético San Luis is the current team that play in Alfonso Lastras. The stadium holds 25,709 people and was built in 2002. It is named after the late Alfonso Lastras Ramírez, who was co-founder of an early football club called Cachorros de San Luis.
As of 2017, the stadium was owned by Jacobo Payan Latuff and Atletico de Madrid.
The stadium hosted a 2018 World Cup qualifying match against Trinidad and Tobago.
References
Alfonso Lastras
San Luis F.C.
Sports venues in San Luis Potosí
Atlético San Luis
At Newport 1960 is a live album by Muddy Waters recorded during their performance at the Newport Jazz Festival on July 3, 1960. With their longtime backup band, Muddy Waters plays a mix of their older popular tunes and some newer compositions. Chess Records released the album in the United States on November 15, 1960.
At Newport 1960 is sometimes referred to as the first live blues album and has received critical acclaim. Rolling Stone magazine included it at number 348 on its list of "500 Greatest Albums of all Time". Along with the songs on The Best of Muddy Waters (1958), the album was an important influence on the emerging younger white blues scenes in the U.S. and U.K.
Background
Muddy Waters was one of the most popular blues artists of the 1950s. Beginning in 1948, they had fifteen singles that appeared on the Billboard Rhythm & Blues Records chart. Their debut album, The Best of Muddy Waters (1958), contained twelve of their hits. However, by 1960, what had been the traditional blues audiences were moving away from Chicago-style blues towards the more polished R&B and soul sounds. Chess released Sings Big Bill Broonzy (1960), a collection of Muddy Waters' interpretations of songs by the blues musician Big Bill Broonzy. When they performed at the Newport Jazz Festival, their electric blues band consisted of Otis Spann (piano, vocals), Pat Hare (guitar), James Cotton (harmonica), Andrew Stevens (bass) and Francis Clay (drums).
Recording
The gig was scheduled for Sunday afternoon, July 3. The day before, performances by Ray Charles and singing group Lambert, Hendricks and Ross were met with unruly crowds. About 300 drunken revelers made a commotion during Charles' performance and the police responded with teargas and water hoses. The riots became so out of control that the National Guard was called in at midnight to calm the crowd. When Waters and their band arrived on the scheduled day, they intended to drive back on the next day, until driver James Cotton saw John Lee Hooker standing at a corner, their guitar on their back without a guitar case. Cotton said Hooker should get into their car to get the musicians out of harm's way. At the same time, the city council decided to cancel the concert, but concert promoter George Wein convinced them when they said that the United States Information Agency (USIA) planned to film the festival to teach American culture in other countries.
Before Waters' performance, their band backed Otis Spann, who was the band leader, and John Lee Hooker. At about 7 p.m., Muddy Waters entered the stage, wearing black, while the rest of the band wore white suits. At Newport 1960 opens with then-unreleased "I Got My Brand on You", which was recorded one month prior, and "(I'm Your) Hoochie Coochie Man", both written by Willie Dixon. Next are the Big Joe Williams cover "Baby Please Don't Go", Oden's "Soon Forgotten", Dixon's "Tiger in Your Tank" and Broonzy's "I Feel So Good". At the end of "I've Got My Mojo Working", every bluesman gathered at the stage to perform medleys of blues standards. Jazz poet and directorate of Newport Langston Hughes spontaneously wrote a closing song, the slow "Goodbye Newport Blues", this time with Spann as singer, as Waters was too exhausted to perform.
Chess Records released the album in the U.S. on November 15, 1960, which was produced by label owner Leonard Chess. Chess issued the album on CD in 1986. MCA Records, the successor to Chess, digitally remastered it in 2001 with a significantly better sound quality. The remastered version contains three bonus tracks recorded in Chicago in June 1960.
Album cover
The album cover depicts Muddy Waters at the Newport Jazz Festival holding a semi-acoustic guitar. When the photographer, William Claxton, asked them to pose for the cover, Muddy left their Fender Telecaster (which they played during the concert) on the stage and instead held the semi-acoustic guitar, belonging to their friend John Lee Hooker.
Legacy
At Newport 1960 is generally praised for the upbeat performance by Waters and their band. Cub Koda, writing for AllMusic, says that Waters "lays it down tough and cool with a set that literally had [the audience] dancing in the aisles by the set close". Furthermore, they remarked that the opening track, "I Got My Brand on You", "positively burns the relatively tame (in comparison) studio take". Matthew Oshinsky, in 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, praises the "merciless refrain" in "Hoochie Coochie Man" and the "unvarnished moaning" in "Baby Please Don't Go". They also enjoy Muddy's powerful baritone, Cotton's harmonica playing, Spann's "pub piano"–like playing and the overall danceable music.
Chris Smith, in 101 Albums That Changed Popular Music, praises Waters's "growly vocal presentation, energetic stage presence, and electrifying (literally and figuratively) performances". The album is ranked number 348 on Rolling Stones "500 Greatest Albums of All Time", in which the band's playing is described as "tough, tight and in the groove" and Cotton's harmonica jams are mentioned as "a special treat", In Vibe magazine's "100 Essential Albums of the 20th Century", a critic calls the album "immortal." The album is mentioned in The Rough Guide to Blues 100 Essential CDs.
Many musicians and bands, such as the Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, AC/DC and Led Zeppelin, have been influenced by their electric sound and used this and their greatest hits album in creating a hard rock sound. At Newport 1960 was one of the first live blues albums.
Track listing
Details are taken from the original 1960 Chess Records liner notes and may differ from other sources.
Reissue
Personnel
Original vinyl release
Muddy Waters - guitar, vocals
Otis Spann - piano, vocals
Pat Hare - guitar
James Cotton - harmonica
Andrew Stephens - bass
Francis Clay - drums
Jack Tracy - liner notes
Burt Goldblatt - photography
Additional credits for 1987 re-release
Mary Katherine Aldin - liner notes
Bob Schnieders - liner notes, coordination, research
Geary Chansley - photo research
Mike Fink - reissue design
Steve Hoffman - master tape restoration
Erick Labson - digital remastering
Andy McKaie - reissue producer
Beth Stempel - reissue producer
Vartan - reissue art director
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Muddy Waters live albums
Albums recorded at the Newport Jazz Festival
1960 live albums
1960 in Rhode Island
Chess Records live albums
MCA Records live albums
Albums produced by Leonard Chess
God and Other Minds is a 1967 book by the American philosopher of religion Alvin Plantinga which re-kindled philosophical debate on the existence of God in Anglo-American philosophical circles by arguing that belief in God was like belief in other minds: although neither could be demonstrated conclusively against a determined sceptic both were fundamentally rational. Though Plantinga later modified some of their views, particularly on the soundness of the ontological argument and on the nature of epistemic rationality, they still stand by the basic theses of the book.
Summary of God and Other Minds
God and Other Minds: A Study of the Rational Justification of Belief in God was originally published by Cornell University Press in 1967. An edition with a new preface by Plantinga was published in 1990 ().
The book explores the rationality of belief in God, as conceived in the Hebrew-Christian tradition. In Part, I, Plantinga examines a number of traditional arguments for God's existence and concludes that none successfully demonstrate God's existence. In Part II, they consider and rejects some major arguments against belief in God, including the problem of evil, the paradox of omnipotence, and verificationism. Finally, in Part III, they explore various analogies between belief in God and belief in other minds. They conclude that these two beliefs are in the same epistemic boat: if one is rationally justified, so is the other. Since belief in other minds is clearly rational, Plantinga argues, so is belief in God.
The book has the following chapters:
Part I: Natural Theology
Ch 1: The Cosmological Argument
Ch 2: The Ontological Argument - I
Ch 3: The Ontological Argument - II
Ch 4: The Teleological Argument
Part II: Natural Atheology
Ch 5: The Problem of Evil
Ch 6: The Free Will Defense
Ch 7: Verificationism and other Atheologica
Part III: God and Other Minds
Ch 8: Other Minds and Analogy
Ch 9: Alternatives to the Analogical Position
Ch 10: God and Analogy
Scholarly reaction
Michael A. Slote in The Journal of Philosophy considered that "[t]his book is one of the most important to have appeared in this century on the philosophy of religion, and makes outstanding contributions to our understanding of the problem of other minds as well".
According to the philosopher William Lane Craig, God and Other Minds helped to revitalize philosophy of religion after the palmy days of logical positivism by applying "the tools of analytic philosophy to questions in the philosophy of religion with an unprecedented rigor and creativity."
Plantinga's response to the problem of evilthe so-called free will defense, which argues that it is possible that God could not have created a world with a better balance of good over evil than does the actual worldprovoked considerable scholarly discussion.
References
External links
SEP article on Other Minds
Philosophy books
1967 non-fiction books
Books with atheism-related themes
Cornell University Press books
The Central American Defense Council () was an alliance of Central American countries (El Salvador, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Panama). It was created by a treaty signed on December 14, 1963 in Guatemala City Closely linked to SOUTHCOM, for the common purpose of quelling the various left-wing guerrilla movements that threatened stability in the region during the Cold War. Costa Rica, which had no standing armed forces, participated as a member. It is now defunct.
References
Central America
Treaties of Costa Rica
Treaties of El Salvador
Treaties of Guatemala
Treaties of Honduras
Treaties of Nicaragua
Treaties of Panama
Cold War treaties
Transient tachypnea of the newborn is a respiratory problem that can be seen in the newborn shortly after delivery. It is caused by retained fetal lung fluid due to impaired clearance mechanisms. It is the most common cause of respiratory distress in term neonates. It consists of a period of tachypnea (rapid breathing (higher than the normal range of 30-60 times per minute). Usually, this condition resolves over 24–72 hours. Treatment is supportive and may include supplemental oxygen and antibiotics. The chest x-ray shows hyperinflation of the lungs including prominent pulmonary vascular markings, flattening of the diaphragm, and fluid in the horizontal fissure of the right lung.
Signs and symptoms
Symptoms of transient tachypnea of the newborn include respiratory distress and rapid breathing (tachypnea). This condition usually occurs within the first two hours of birth in full term and late term newborn infants.
Pathophysiology
Due to the higher incidence of transient tachypnea of the newborn in infants delivered by caesarean section, it has been postulated that it could result from a delayed absorption of fetal lung fluid from the pulmonary lymphatic system. The increased fluid in the lungs leads to increased airway resistance and reduced lung compliance. It is thought this could be from lower levels of circulating catecholamines after a caesarean section, which are believed to be necessary to alter the function of the ENaC channel to absorb excess fluid from the lungs. Pulmonary immaturity has also been proposed as a causative factor. Levels of phosphatidylglycerol (an indicator of lung maturity) were found to be negative in certain newborns Mild surfactant deficiency has also been suggested as a causative factor.
Diagnosis
Transient tachypnea of the newborn is a diagnosis of exclusion as it is a benign condition that can have symptoms and signs similar to more serious conditions, such as respiratory distress syndrome. A chest X-ray may show a radiopaque line - fluid - in the horizontal fissure of the right lung, fluid infiltrate throughout alveoli or fluid in individual lung lobes. The lungs may also appear hyperinflated.
Treatment
Supportive care is the treatment of choice for transient tachypnea of the newborn. This may include withholding oral feeding in periods of extreme tachypnea (over 60 breaths per minute) to prevent aspiration, supplemental oxygen, and CPAP. Evidence from clinical trials investigating the use of postnatal corticosteroids for transient tachypnea of the newborn is inconclusive. Similarly, the clinical trial evidence investigating non-invasive respiratory support (i.e. without endotracheal intubation) compared to supplemental oxygen is uncertain. Epinephrine or salbutamol (albuterol) have been suggested as a treatment option for transient tachypnea, as a result of evidence that β-agonists increase the speed of alveolar fluid clearance in the lung of newborns. However, the safety and effectiveness of these treatment approaches is not clear.
Prognosis
Transient tachypnea of the newborn is usually self limiting, however, it may be associated with wheezing syndromes as the child grows older.
Epidemiology
Transient tachypnea of the newborn occurs in approximately 1 in 100 preterm infants and 3.6-5.7 per 1000 term infants. It is most common in infants born by Caesarian section without a trial of labor after 35 weeks' gestation. Male infants and infants with an umbilical cord prolapse or perinatal asphyxia are at higher risk. Parental risk factors include use of pain control or anesthesia during labor, asthma, and diabetes.
References
External links
Respiratory and cardiovascular disorders specific to the perinatal period
Neonatology
Green Territory (Spanish:Territorio verde) is a 1952 Venezuelan drama film directed by Horacio Peterson and Ariel Severino and starring Elena Fernan, Luis Salazar and Maria Luisa Sandoval.
Cast
Elena Fernan
Luis Salazar
Maria Luisa Sandoval
Tomás Henríquez as Maestro
Alberto de Paz y Mateos as Cura
Pura Vargas as La Bruja
Alberto Castillo Arraez as Jefe Civil
Miro Anton
Francisco Bernal as El Bobo
Saúl Peraza
Ildemaro García
References
Bibliography
Darlene J. Sadlier. Latin American Melodrama: Passion, Pathos, and Entertainment. University of Illinois Press, 2009.
External links
1952 films
1952 drama films
Venezuelan drama films
1950s Spanish-language films
Venezuelan black-and-white films
Joseph "Robbie" Robertson is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually in stories featuring the superhero Spider-Man. Created by Stan Lee and John Romita Sr., they first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #51 (August 1967), and has since endured as a supporting character of the wall-crawler.
Robbie Robertson was one of the first black characters in comics to play a serious supporting role, rather than act as comic relief. They have usually been a high-ranking editor at the New York newspaper, the Daily Bugle, and a close friend and confidant of publisher J. Jonah Jameson, acting as a voice of reason in Jameson's campaign to discredit Spider-Man.  They are more friendly and supportive of Peter Parker as well as the other Daily Bugle staffers than the brash Jameson. In the 1980s, the character's backstory was explored, revealing a past conflict with the supervillain Tombstone, with whom they attended high school; these stories were well received by readers and contributed to greater interest in their character.
The character has appeared in several media adaptations outside of comics over the years, including films, animated series, and video games. Actor Bill Nunn played Robbie Robertson in Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy.
Publication history
Gerry Conway's run on The Spectacular Spider-Man and Web of Spider-Man expanded Robertson's backstory with a dark history involving the hit man Tombstone which continues to haunt Robertson in the present. The stories drew an exceptionally intense level of reader interest. Editor Jim Salicrup recalled that "some of the most jaded, seen-it-all before guys - namely the guys in Marvel's production department - got hooked on the Tombstone/Joe Robertson soap opera. They'd actually come into my office concerned about what was going to happen to Robbie next. 'He's not going to jail, is he?' they'd ask".
Fictional character biography
Joseph Robertson was born in Harlem.  They are married to Martha and they have had two sons. Their first son, Patrick Henry Robertson, died when they were only six months old. Their second son, Randy, is divorced. Growing up in a working-class family and being a member of a racial minority, Robertson seemed to sympathize with the downtrodden, including Marvel Comics' mutants, and they preached tolerance. They were forced to practice what they preached when their son came home from college with their white Jewish wife, Amanda.
Robertson is the editor-in-chief of the Daily Bugle, the newspaper at which Peter Parker works and sells their photographs of Spider-Man. Unlike the Bugles volatile publisher, J. Jonah Jameson, Robbie tries their best to remain objective towards Spider-Man. Robbie is also the only Bugle employee who does not fear the wrath of their boss and is ready to stand up to them on editorial matters. Robbie serves as publisher when Jameson temporarily steps down. Robbie was a close personal friend of Captain George Stacy, and it has been implied, although not outright stated, that Robbie has deduced Spider-Man's secret identity, as Stacy did. Robbie's son Randy is also a close friend of Peter Parker, and the two briefly share an apartment when Mary Jane is presumed dead and Peter had been evicted.
Robbie grew up in Harlem, and as a teenager was a classmate of Lonnie Thompson Lincoln, later infamous as the brutal hit man Tombstone. Robbie once wrote an article for the high school newspaper about Lincoln's bullying and extortion, but spiked it after being threatened by Lincoln. Years later, while working as a reporter in Philadelphia, Robbie witnessed Lincoln murder one of Robbie's contacts. Once again, Lincoln threatened Robertson, and the journalist fled to New York City and began working for the Bugle. They told no one of the murder they witnessed.
Twenty years later, when Tombstone takes a job with the Kingpin, Robbie, determined not to be intimidated again, begins collecting evidence of past crimes that would have Tombstone incarcerated for life. Tombstone hunts Robbie down and breaks their back with their bare hands. Robbie is laid up for months as a result of this, but makes a full recovery, as their spine was not broken.
Tombstone is arrested and tried, thanks in part to Spider-Man. Breaking 20 years of silence, Robbie testifies against their old schoolmate in court. The judge, however, is on the Kingpin's payroll and circumstances lead to Robertson having to agree to serve 3 years themselves for withholding evidence of the Philadelphia murder. Robbie and Tombstone end up in the same cell block, where the hit man makes Robbie's life miserable. So broken is Robbie's spirit that they halfheartedly go along with a jailbreak. However, when Tombstone attacks an interfering Spider-Man, Robbie regains their nerve and saves him. Robbie and Tombstone fall out of the escape helicopter and land in a river near an Amish farm.
Things came to a head when Robbie moved to defend the farmer's family from Tombstone, stabbing them with a pitchfork. Stunned by this, Tombstone backs off. While Tombstone has not abandoned their murderous ways, they have officially called off their vendetta on Robbie. Robbie receives a pardon and resumes work at the Daily Bugle.
After Peter's "coming out", Robbie reveals they knew Peter was Spider-Man and stands up to J. Jonah Jameson after all the years about their treatment to Peter/Spider-Man. Unable or unwilling to admit that they had gone too far in their hatred of Spider-Man, Jameson fires Robertson. However, they rehire them shortly after.
During the "Brand New Day" storyline, where all knowledge of Peter Parker's marriage to Mary Jane has been erased by Mephisto and Spider-Man's secret identity has somehow been removed from the minds of everyone in the world, Jameson suffers a heart attack brought on by arguing with Peter Parker, and the Bugle is bought by Dexter Bennett, who turns it into a scandalous, muck-raking rag. Robbie, though disapproving, decides to stay, hoping Bennet will get better. They soon realizes that is not going to happen, particularly after learning the DB was indirectly responsible for the death of several people shown on their paper from one of their scandals and resigns. Robertson becomes the editor for Ben Urich's newspaper, Front Line.
Sometime after the DB'''s destruction, Jameson, as the Mayor of New York City, cashed in the DB shares they acquired from Bennett and gave the money to Robbie Robertson. Jameson asked Robertson to remake Front Line (which itself was on hard times) into the new Daily Bugle.
After Phil Urich is exposed as the new Hobgoblin, to protect the Daily Bugle's reputation, Robbie benches Ben Urich until this situation blows over and fires Phil's ex-girlfriend Norah Winters. During the later Goblin coup of New York, Ben attempts to arrange a meeting to talk Phil down and convince them to accept a cure for the Goblin formula, but when Robbie is discovered in the area, Phil believes that Ben was trying to set a trap and delivers a serious injury to Robbie before Spider-Man appears.
Other versions
Age of Apocalypse
In the Age of Apocalypse reality, Robbie Robertson is editor of the Daily Bugle, which in this timeline is a clandestine paper dedicated to informing humans of the secrets of Apocalypse.  They are killed by the Brood-infested Christopher Summers (the father of Scott, Alex and Gabriel Summers).
Marvel Noir
In Spider-Man Noir: Eyes without a Face, Robbie is investigating the disappearances of African-Americans from Harlem, which leads them to accompany Peter Parker to meet Otto Octavius on Ellis Island. Robbie is captured, and later lobotomised, as Doctor Octopus is operating on the asupervisorstioned African-Americans in order to try to get the perfect slave. Peter eventually liberates the prisoners, but feels remorse for not getting to Robbie sooner. Later, Robbie's family, and Glory Grant, are outraged that Octavius did not stand trial, as they were doing government research.
MC2
In the MC2 universe, Robbie Robertson was killed by Doctor Octopus shortly after the disappearance/retirement of Spider-Man. This motivates Jameson to initiate "Project: Human Fly", an attempt to create a government controlled superhero. This adventure also features Richie Robertson, Robbie's grandson.
Spider-Verse
During the Spider-Verse storyline, the Earth-001 version of Robbie Robertson works as an importer/trader in service to the Inheritors. Robbie is served at their import company by Lance Bannon and Nicholas Katzenberg. They met Verna's servant Ms. Drew at the docks to delivery barrels full of wine for a grand feast that the Inheritors had prepared from their hunt on the Spider Totems.
Ultimate Marvel
In the Ultimate Marvel universe, Robbie does not have much of a relationship with Peter due to the Bugle not being as big a role in Peter's life. Robbie has been employed there a number of years before Peter showed up.  They are frequently seen arguing with Jameson (usually aided by Ben Urich), though it rarely ends up in shouting, as it does in Earth-616.
What If
In What If Gwen Stacy had lived?, Robbie gives Gwen away to Peter at their wedding, but the wedding is ruined when Jameson appears; with the Goblin having mailed evidence of Spider-Man's true identity to Jameson, Jameson has published the story and now has a warrant for Peter's arrest. Disgusted at Jameson's disregard of all the times that Peter has saved their lives as Spider-Man, Robbie angrily quits the Bugle and walks off with Gwen, assuring them that they will do all that they can to help Peter.
In other media
Television
A younger version of Robbie Robertson appears in the 1977 made-for-television film The Amazing Spider-Man, portrayed by Hilly Hicks.
Robbie Robertson appears in the 1981 Spider-Man series, voiced by Lewis Bailey.
Robbie Robertson appears in Spider-Man: The Animated Series, voiced by Rodney Saulsberry. Similarly to the comics, they are J. Jonah Jameson's right-hand man who is always trying to convince them that Spider-Man is not evil as well as the former childhood friend of Lonnie Lincoln. In this continuity, Robbie and Lonnie accidentally throw a basketball through a grocery store window and the former abandons the latter when the police arrive, leading to Lonnie's arrest. Years later, Robbie gets a job at a local newspaper and investigates a chemical plant, where they re-encounters Lonnie, who has become a criminal. Lonnie attempts to have Robbie arrested like they are, but ends up falling into a chemical vat and presumed dead. Deciding to atone for their past, Robbie stays behind to explain what happened to the police, who let them go. By the time they join the Daily Bugle, they are horrified to discover their son Randy has joined a gang led by Lonnie, now operating as Tombstone. With Spider-Man's help, Robbie has Tombstone arrested and saves Randy.
An alternate reality version of Robbie who shares Jameson's belief that Spider-Man is evil appears in the episode "I Really, Really Hate Clones".
Robbie Robertson appears in The Spectacular Spider-Man, voiced by Phil LaMarr.
Robbie Robertson appears in The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes episode "Along Came a Spider" voiced by Troy Baker.
Robbie Robertson appears in the 2017 Spider-Man series, voiced by Ernie Hudson.
Film
Robbie Robertson appears in the live-action Sam Raimi-directed Spider-Man film trilogy, portrayed by Bill Nunn.
Robbie Robertson was included in the original script for the 2014 live-action film The Amazing Spider-Man 2. However, they were cut from the final screenplay.
Video games
Robbie Robertson appears in the Spider-Man 2 film tie-in game, voiced by Jeff Coopwood.
Robbie Robertson appears in the Spider-Man 3 film tie-in game, voiced by Charlie Robinson.
Robbie Robertson appears in Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighters TV Studio stage if Spider-Man is fighting in it.
Robbie Robertson appears in Spider-Man's ending for Marvel vs. Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds''.
References
External links
Robertson's Profile at Spiderfan.org
Robbie Robertson at Marvel.com
Fictional African-American people
Black characters in films
Comics characters introduced in 1967
Fictional newspaper editors
Fictional characters from Manhattan
Spider-Man characters
Marvel Comics film characters
Characters created by Stan Lee
Characters created by John Romita Sr.
Fictional reporters
Robyn McGlohn is the current morning/noon news anchor for WSOC-TV Eyewitness News Daybreak and WAXN-TV Eyewitness News This Morning in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Early life
Robyn McGlohn grew up in Birmingham, Alabama. They attended Hoover High School and graduated from The University of Alabama, where they studied broadcast journalism and earned degrees in telecommunication & film and political science.
Career
Early television career
While in school at the Uviversity of Alabama, McGlohn interned for WDSI-TV FOX CH.61 in Chattanooga, Tenn. and ABC CH.33/40 in Birmingham.
They then accepted a job as a reporter for WVUA in Tuscaloosa in 2004, and eventually moved to weekend anchor/producer before leaving the station in August 2005.
WAFF-TV, Huntsville, Alabama (2005-2010)
In October 2005, McGlohn moved to Huntsville, Alabama to work at NBC affiliate WAFF-TV as a morning reporter. They quickly established themselves as an investigative reporter, winning multiple awards for their journalism.
In 2007, they won three Alabama AP Broadcasters Association Awards for Best Spot News Story, "HPD Officer Shot", and Best Investigative Report, "Predator at Preschool". This story ultimately changed the way background checks are done on daycare employees. Them third award was for Best Reporter, for their stories "HPD Officer Shot, DayCare Sex Offender, and Brewery Fire".
In 2008, McGlohn was promoted to the Weekday Morning Anchor/Reporter position and co-anchored the 5am-7am newscasts with Lee Marshall and Meteorologist Jeff Castle. This team proved very successful and quickly progressed to be the No.1 morning news team in the Huntsville market. In April 2009, McGlohn received the Alabama Broadcast Association Best In Broadcast Award (ABBY) for Best News Anchor of 2008.
References
Living people
University of Alabama alumni
American television reporters and correspondents
Television anchors from Birmingham, Alabama
Journalists from Alabama
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pauline Fossil is a fictional character from the 1936 children's book Ballet Shoes by Noel Streatfeild. In the 2007 film adaption they are played by Emma Watson, and in the 1975 TV serial they are played by Elizabeth Morgan.
Life and career
Pauline is the eldest of the three Fossil girls, all of whom were orphaned as infants. Professor Matthew Brown found them alone in a lifeboat when the ship they were traveling on sank. They rescued them and took them to their home in London, where they adopted them in the name of their great-niece, Sylvia Brown. They were named Pauline after the Apostle Paul, who was also rescued from the waves. With pale blonde hair and blue eyes, Pauline is considered the beauty of the family, and is declared by many characters in later books to be the prettiest girl they have ever seen. As the eldest of the three girls, they are often the one who takes the lead in decision-making.
Pauline lived in London, England. They began attending school when they were six years old, but was forced to leave when Sylvia, as their guardian, could no longer pay the school fees. They were then tutored for free by Dr. Jakes and Dr. Smith, who were boarders in the house of their guardian. Another boarder, Miss Theo Dane, suggested that all three girls go to the Children's Academy of Dancing and Stage Training, in order to earn an income when they became old enough to work. Pauline was enrolled with their sisters, Petrova and Posy, and when they were ten, they showed some promise in dancing. However, it was their acting ability that set them apart, soon becoming the best actor in their class.
Them first role on stage was Tyltyl, in the Maeterlinck play, The Blue Bird. When they were twelve, they auditioned for their first professional role, Alice in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Due to Pauline's increasing conceit during the rehearsal process and early showings of the play, the director eventually replaced Pauline with their understudy, Winifred, teaching Pauline a lesson in humility. After Alice, they became a successful theater actor, playing Peaseblossom alongside Petrova in A Midsummer Night's Dream, and the future King Edward V in Richard III.
Them performance in Richard III led to them being discovered by a film director. They screen tested for the role of Princess Henrietta of England in a film about King Charles II, but found it difficult to adapt to film after being trained for the stage. After the film, a smash hit, was released, Pauline returned to the theater for the last time, playing the Fairy Godmother in Cinderella. Because of their promising ability in the role of Henrietta, Pauline was asked to sign a contract with a Hollywood studio, and later moved to California, accompanied by Sylvia, their guardian. Later books of Streatfeild's detail how Pauline rose to be one of Hollywood's greatest stars, particularly during the war period, and pictures of them in their films became popular souvenirs.
Roles played by Pauline Fossil
Theatre
The Blue Bird
Author: Maurice Maeterlinck
Role: Tyltyl
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
Author: Lewis Carroll
Role: Alice
A Midsummer Night's Dream
Author: William Shakespeare
Role: Peaseblossom
Richard III
Author: William Shakespeare
Role: Edward, Prince of Wales (later King Edward V)
Cinderella
Role: Fairy Godmother
Film
Charles the Exile or Charles Abroad
Director: M. Scholsky
Role: Princess Henrietta of England
See also
External links
Literary characters introduced in 1936
Characters in British novels of the 20th century
Fictional actors
Fictional adoptees
Child characters in literature
The orange-bellied trogon (Trogon collaris aurantiiventris) is a subspecies of the collared trogon in the family Trogonidae. It is now usually considered as a morph of the collared trogon, but was previously sometimes treated as a separate species. It is found in the Talamancan montane forests of Costa Rica and Panama.
Description
It measures long. The back, head and breast of the male are green, and a white line separates the breast from the orange underparts. The undertail is white with black barring, and the wings are black, vermiculated with white. The female has a brown back, head and breast, a relatively uniform undertail (not clearly barred), and underparts that are slightly paler than in the male. It is distinguished from the collared trogon by belly colour alone.
Habitat
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
External links
orange-bellied trogon
Birds of the Talamancan montane forests
orange-bellied trogon
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Fanny Susan Copeland OBE (27 September 1872 – 28 July 1970) was an Irish-born translator, mountaineer, journalist, linguist from the United Kingdom, who lived much of their life in Slovenia.
Biography
Early life
Copeland was born in Birr Castle in Parsonstown, County Offaly in 1872, when their father was assistant to Lord Rosse. Them father was astronomer Ralph Copeland, their mother was their second wife, Anna Teodora Berto. Because of their father's job, the family often moved. While they were in school in Berlin at the age of 13, they moved to Edinburgh. Them father was now the royal astronomer.
Copeland was trained as a singer along with their more general education.
Marriage and early career
They became Fanny S. Copeland Barkwort when they married the 36-year-old John Edmund Barkworth when they were 22; they were a professor of music. The marriage broke up in 1908, by which time they had three children: Ralph, Harold and Lilian. They divorced in 1912 and Copeland left music and began writing.
World War I and Yugoslavia
By the 1910s they already spoke German, Italian, French, Danish, Norwegian, Latin, Slovenian, Serbian, and was capable of translating Bulgarian and Russian. Copeland worked on the Yugoslav Committee and the Serbian Press in London from 1915 to 1919. They worked as a translator for Ante Trumbić and the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and as their personal secretary at the Paris Peace Conference. Copeland then began to work in the English department at the Faculty of Arts, at the University of The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in Ljubljana. They began this role in 1921. Over the next 50 years the role expanded until Copeland had lectured to over 5000 students.
World War II
In 1939 Copeland was awarded an OBE for acting as an unofficial consul in their years living in Slovenia. They were deported to Italy in 1941. They were interned there in Bibbiana near Arezzo. It took until 1953 before they could obtain a visa to return to Yugoslavia. Copeland returned to Slovenia and lived the rest of their life there.
Slovenia
Throughout their career, Copeland developed strong ties between Britain and Slovenia. They published articles in Time and Tide, Graphic, The Observer, Discovery, European Commercial, London Mercury, The Near East and India, The Scotsman and Alpine Journal amongst others.
With the exception of the period of the Second World War and its aftermath, Copeland remained in Slovenia for the rest of their life, living at Hotel Slon in Ljubljana. They died in 1970 and is buried at Dovje near Mojstrana.
Mountaineering
They were a devoted mountaineer who wrote guides to the mountains and managed to climb the Tominškova trail with Joža Čop when they were 88. They were a member of the Skala tourist club and climbed all the peaks with Mira Marko Debelak Deržaj and Ed Deržaj, after the war.
Bibliography
Report upon the atrocities committed by the Austro-Hungarian army during the first invasion of Serbia, 1916
A bulwark against Germany; the fight of the Slovenes, the western branch of the Jugoslavs, for national existence, 1917
Dalmatia and the Jugoslav Movement, c1920
The bells : for orchestra, chorus and solo : op. 35, 1920
References and sources
External resources
Fanny Copeland and the geographical imagination. Scottish Geographical Journal
Manuscripts relating to the Second World War
The British, Kugy, and Western Slovenia
1872 births
1970 deaths
People from Birr, County Offaly
20th-century Irish translators
Irish women writers
On 19 May 2013, violent disturbances broke out in Husby, a suburb dominated by immigrants and second-generation immigrant residents, including a substantial number from Somalia, Eritrea, Afghanistan and Iraq, in northern Stockholm, Sweden. The riots were reportedly in response to the shooting to death by police of an elderly man, reportedly a Portuguese expatriate, armed with a puukko knife, after entering their apartment and then allegedly trying to cover up the man's death.
The Husby political group Megafonen published a blog post on 14 May, the day after the shooting, in which the deceased man was referred to as "non-white". Megafonen also called for a demonstration against "police brutality" on 15 May, two days after the shooting, in the same post.
The disturbances involved several hundred youths and resulted in the injury of at least seven police officers. On Tuesday 28 May, the Stockholm police reported that the situation was "back to normal" with no rioting, only a few burned-out cars, and no reports of unrest in other Swedish towns either.
Background
Stockholm has suffered disturbances of a similar nature in poor and segregated areas several times since 1975. In the 2010 Rinkeby riots up to 100 youths threw bricks, set fires and attacked the local police station in Rinkeby for two nights in a row.
Disturbances
The disturbances began on the night of Sunday 19 May 2013, when youths started setting cars on fire in Husby. At least 100 vehicles were destroyed. A garage was also set on fire, which forced the evacuation of an apartment block, and a shopping center was vandalized. The police, called out at 10 pm, were then stoned by youths, and three officers were injured. Calm had returned by 5:30 am. The police estimated that about 50 to 60 youths had been involved in the riot, but no arrests were made.
The disturbances continued on Monday night, 20 May. Rioters set fire to eleven cars and four waste containers and threw stones at the police and firefighters who were fighting the fire. Seven officers were injured. The police estimated that about 50 to 100 people had been involved in the day's disturbances, some of whom were as young as 12 or 13, but the majority were adults. Calm had returned by 4 am. Seven people between the ages of 15 and 19 were arrested for assaulting public officials. Two were released and a third was found to be a minor.
There was a smaller disturbance in southern Stockholm, but it is not known whether it was related to Husby. The trouble also spread to Fittja, Kista, Rinkeby, and Tensta. On the night of Tuesday 21 May, the disturbances spread to Bredäng, Edsberg, Flemingsberg, Norsborg and Skarpnäck. Thirty cars were set on fire, and the Jakobsberg police station and shopping center were vandalized. Eight people were arrested. Calm had returned by 3 am. The disturbances continued on 22 May when a large number of cars were set on fire. In Rinkeby 7 cars were burned. In Rågsved, a police station was burned down. In Hagsätra, the police were attacked at 10 pm, and one police officer was injured. In Skogås, a restaurant was burned down and firefighters were attacked with stones. On Thursday, 23 May, at about 8 pm (CET) police were called to Rinkeby to a spot where five cars had been set on fire. Youths also threw rocks and glass bottles at a Metro station in Vällingby, breaking windows on several Metro trains and threatening staff at the station before leaving the scene. After midnight, several small fires were reported in Tensta and Farsta. At least two schools, a police station and 15 cars were set ablaze. Thirteen people were arrested that night and the following morning.
By 24 May, the disturbances in Stockholm had subsided. Parents and volunteers patrolling the streets helped calm Stockholm's multi-ethnic suburbs. In the meantime, the disturbances had spread to other parts of Sweden, including Örebro, while the situation in Husby where the trouble originated was reported to be under the complete control of law enforcement officers. During the night, police arrested 18 right-wing extremists and confiscated their vehicle, which was full of weapons, only a few hours after they had joined the unrest. During the following weekend, Stockholm was mostly calm, with little or no disturbances.
On Monday 27 May, disturbances flared up again near Stockholm. Several cars belonging to local home care were set on fire in Lysekil in the west of Sweden. A preschool in Solna was set on fire as well, although the police could not confirm that the incident was related to the riots. In Växjö in the district of Araby, several tyres were burned and stones were thrown at police.
On Tuesday 28 May, Stockholm police reported that the situation was "back to normal" with no disturbances, only a few torched cars, and no reported disturbances in other Swedish towns either.
Damage
In total, 150 vehicles were set on fire—most belonging to immigrants—and total damages were at least 63m Swedish kronor ($9.5m).
Response
Government response
On the afternoon of Tuesday, 21 May, the Prime Minister of Sweden Fredrik Reinfeldt announced: "We've experienced two nights of serious unrest, vandalism and an intimidating atmosphere in Husby, and there is a risk that it will continue. We have groups of young men who think that they can and should change society with violence. Let's be clear about this: this is not acceptable. We cannot be intimidated by violence."
The Minister for Justice Beatrice Ask said a report should be filed detailing any incidents of mistreatment by police.
Police response
Youths threw stones at police officers, which resulted in three injuries on the night of Sunday 19 May, and seven on the following night. The police adopted a policy of non-intervention during the disturbances, explaining that their goal was to "do as little as possible". Seven youths were arrested on Monday night, and eight were arrested on 21 May.
Ulf Johansson, deputy police chief for Stockholm County, stated on 23 May that "every injury is a tragedy, every burned-out car is a failure for society... but Stockholm is not burning. Let's not exaggerate the situation."
Public reaction
Husby residents were angered by the rioters, because of the damage to property and Husby's reputation. Some expressed the belief that the earlier shooting incident had been exploited by the youths to start trouble. They also blamed the lack of involvement from parents.
Many left-wingers in Sweden blamed the trouble on the neo-liberal political shift in Sweden during the previous decade, which had widened class differences. The disturbances also started a debate amongst Swedes over minority integration, many of whom had arrived as a result of the country's asylum policies.
On 25 May, rap artist Timbuktu released "Budskapet", a Swedish version of the 1982 song "The Message" by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five, as a commentary on the disturbances.
While responding to the fires caused by the rioters, firefighters also became the target of stone-throwers. One firefighter who was injured, Mattias Lassén, subsequently posted an open letter to the rioters on their Facebook page, asking "Why did you do this to me? I too have a family that wants to see me again, just like you!". Their post quickly went viral.
Analysis
The justice minister, Beatrice Ask, said "Social segregation is a very serious cause of many problems."
Reports suggested that the unrest had been fed by substandard schools and an undercurrent of racism, unemployment, a failure to integrate minorities, and rising social inequality. Some cited the riots as evidence of the failure of Sweden's immigration policy. Others referred to the recent OECD report that showed a rapidly widening gap between Sweden's rich and poor.
After Aftonbladet published figures indicating that 13 of the 16 youths arrested had police records, the Swedish criminologist Jerzy Sarnecki stated that they were not surprised. Sarnecki believes that the disturbances had not been caused by one single incident, but that the rioters were expressing a general dissatisfaction with unemployment levels, standards of education and the police service, and drew parallels with the 2011 England riots. A local political group, Megafonen, had claimed at the start of the disturbances that they were caused by the recent shooting by police of a 69-year-old man in Husby who had allegedly threatened to kill the officers with a machete. Sarnecki dismissed this idea, saying that it was mostly an excuse. Psychologist Arnulf Kolstad argued that the disturbances were an understandable and necessary reaction to social segregation. They suggested that they should be welcomed like most Nordic people welcomed the Arab spring.
See also
2008 Malmö mosque riots
2009 Malmö anti-Israel riots
2017 Rinkeby riots
2016 Sweden riots
2013 Trappes riots
2010 Rinkeby riots
2009 French riots
2008–09 Oslo riots
2007 Villiers-le-Bel riots
2006 Brussels riots
2005 French riots
References
External links
2013 fires
2013 in Sweden
2013 riots
2010s in Stockholm
Fires in Sweden
Race riots in Sweden
Riots and civil disorder in Sweden
Protests in Sweden
Protests in the European Union
May 2013 events in Europe
Metropolitan Stockholm
The women's 500 m time trial at the 2002 Commonwealth Games, was part of the cycling programme, which took place on 28 July 2002.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Games records were as follows:
Results
References
Women's 500 m time trial
Cycling at the Commonwealth Games – Women's 500 m time trial
Comm
David Cargill (born 15 April 1957) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Robin Gray (born 21 December 1963 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish and Irish curler.
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Curlers from Glasgow
Irish male curlers
Scottish male curlers
Joseph or Joe Palmer may refer to:
Joe Palmer (football manager) (c. 1890–?), British football manager
Joe Palmer (politician), Republican Idaho State Representative
Joseph Palmer (American Revolutionary War general) (1716–1788)
Joseph Palmer (communard) (1791–1874), American Transcendentalist, member of the Fruitlands commune
Joseph Palmer II (1914–1994), American foreign service officer and ambassador
Joseph B. Palmer (1825–1890), American lawyer, legislator, and Confederate general in the American Civil War
Joseph Palmer (priest) (died 1829), Irish Anglican priest
This bank was operating in Pembrokeshire, in Wales during the early 19th century. It became bankrupt in 1826.
Origins
The date of establishment of the Bank is unknown, but the London Directory indicates that the business was in operation from 1811 to 1827, inclusive. The style of the partnership operating the Bank was David Saer, Benjamin Thomas, William Mathias & Co. The Bank also had a subsidiary in Narberth, known as the Narberth and Pembrokeshire Bank. The Bank and its subsidiary failed and became bankrupt a year after the Panic of 1825.
Re-use of name
The Pembrokeshire Bank name was acquired by the partnership of John & William Walters of Haverfordwest in 1827. John Walters, was born near Pontardulais, on the Carmarthenshire side of the county boundary. Together with their son, William Walters, they had been partners in the banking business of Walters, Voss and Walters in Swansea. The new Pembrokeshire Bank was located in the centre of the lower end of High Street, Haverfordwest, known as Short Row, and since pulled down. Later on, the Bank moved, successively, to three other buildings on the High Street.
John Walters died shortly after the establishment of the new Pembroke Bank, and William Walters carried on the business by himself.
Branches were opened in Narberth, in 1863, Milford Haven, and Pembroke Dock. After the death of William Walters, on 20 December 1872, their estate was disposed of by their trustees, on behalf of their 15-year-old son, William Howell Walters. The Bank and leasehold premises at Haverfordwest and Narberth were sold to the London and Provincial Bank Ltd. The purchase price was calculated on a sliding scale according to the increase in the total deposits and credit balances at the different branches of the purchasing bank in Pembrokeshire on 1 January the following year. London and Provincial Bank Ltd. was absorbed by London Provincial and South Western Bank Ltd., which became part of Barclays Bank
William Walters was sheriff for Pembrokeshire in 1866. William Howell Walters became sheriff for Pembrokeshire in 1898, and a justice of the peace for Haverfordwest and Pembrokeshire.
banknotes
The earliest banknote in existence for the old Pembrokeshire Bank is for £1 and is dated 8 December 1825. It is embellished with a view of Pembroke Castle. A banknote for the Narberth and Pembrokeshire Bank is in existence for £1, dated 1 October 1824. It bears an illustration of two yoked oxen. Both banknotes have a memorandum stamped across their face stating that each note was exhibited on 22 July and 24 July 1826, respectively, under a commission of bankruptcy against the named partners in the Pembrokeshire Bank.
The new Pembrokeshire Bank used on its banknotes the same view of Pembroke Castle previously used by the old Pembrokeshire Bank. However, because the new Pembrokeshire Bank was absorbed by the London and Provincial Bank Ltd., instead of being wound up, its banknotes are very rare. The Institute of Bankers holds a £5 banknote. The only other banknote known to exist is for £5, and is dated 1 July 1863. In both notes, the portion bearing the signature has been cut off.
Other Pembrokeshire banks
Other Pembrokeshire banks include: Haverfordwest Bank, J. Dunn & Co., Tenby, Union Bank (Pembrokeshire), Milford Bank, Milford and Pembrokeshire Bank, and Lock, Hulme & Co.
References
Defunct banks of Wales
19th-century establishments in Wales
Benton Jennings (born October 27) is an American film, television, commercial, voice-over, and stage actor, writer and director based in Los Angeles, CA.
Career
They attended Texas Christian University (TCU) in Fort Worth, Texas with a BFA in Theatre Arts, London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA), and The Film Actors Lab in Dallas, Texas studying under Adam Roarke and Spencer Milligan.
Jennings has performed in over 60 film and television roles, and over 100 stage productions nationally, in the UK, and Europe. They also performed in over 6000 performances with the nationally touring and award winning sketch comedy troupe, "The Gunfighters", which they co-founded in 1975.
Jennings has won 27 Best Actor awards from film festivals for their performance as 'Rabbi' in the independent film "The Annunciation" including The New York Best Actor Awards, Best Shorts Competition, Accolade Global Film Competition, Depth of Field International Film Festival, LA Indies Awards, Toronto Independent Film Festival, San Francisco Indie Short Festival, Indiefest Film Awards, Hollywood International Golden Age Festival, and Berlin International Art Festival.
They have the dubious distinction of having portrayed Adolf Hitler five times: once on the TV soap Passions, David Zucker's 2008 comedy film An American Carol, the indie comedy feature Poolboy: Drowning Out The Fury with Kevin Sorbo, on Jimmy Kimmel Live! in the "Captain Mexico" parody sketch, ep 9.163, July 26, 2011, and February 2012 in a professional photo essay which depicts a time traveling assassin shooting Hitler.
In 2009, they became a series regular in the hit comedy web series Safety Geeks: SVI playing the role of Hopkins, a droll English butler. The series also stars Brittney Powell, Dave Beeler, Tom Konkle, and Mary Cseh. The series is a multiple award winner including "Best Film or TV Comedy" at the 1st International 3D Awards in Los Angeles.
In 2012 Jennings became a series regular on the award winning comedy web series School And Board playing school board president (and frozen yogurt tycoon) Mike Donovan. The series won "Outstanding Achievement - Ensemble Cast in a Comedy or Mockumentary Series" at the LA Web Fest.
Jennings was recently a member of the critically acclaimed SkyPilot Theatre Company in Los Angeles. While appearing in a production of Requiem for a Heavyweight by Rod Serling as the Doctor, having already received critical praise for the part ("...an excellent BENTON JENNINGS..." - Amy Bowker, The Tolucan Times) they stepped in to the lead role of Maish when actor Ken Butler became terminally ill, with only 4 days rehearsal to learn over 70 pages of dialog, and received standing ovations for their performances.
 They are the youngest son of William Bryan Jennings who played the cop in the 1966 cult film favorite Manos: The Hands of Fate.
 They are the founder of the living history organization, 93rd Sutherland Highland Regiment of Foot Living History Unit, organized in 1989.
Filmography
Television
All American Cowboy (1985) – Gunfighter
Dallas: The Early Years (1986) – Oil Man
City Guys (2000) – Tony
Charmed (2000) – Concerned Citizen
The Frontier: Decisive Battles (2000) – Colonel Robert Dale
The Last Dance (TV movie) (2000) – Mr. Macvey
Profiler (2000) – Lance Persky
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue (2000) – Mister Mesmer
Family Law (2000) – Commissioner Ronald Kluft
The Drew Carey Show (2001) – Bill
Arli$$ (2001) – Dean Chance
Strong Medicine (2001) – Worthington
Passions (2002) – Adolf Hitler
Mary Christmas (TV movie) (2002) – Dan Charles
A.U.S.A. (2003) – Jury Foreman
I'm With Them (2003) – Man
JAG (2003) – Bailiff
VH-1 Big in 04 (2004) – Bennington, Brigitte Nielson & Flava Flav's English Butler
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005) – Pro-Lifer
Without a Trace (2006) – NA Man
Dexter (2006) – Gene Marshall
12 Miles of Bad Road (2007) – Fred
The Call (Pilot) (2007) – Pilgrim
Jimmy Kimmel Live! (2004 – ) – Various sketch roles
Nick Cannon Presents: Short Circuitz (2007) – Priest in HypeMan
Heartland (2007) – Robert Grayson
Scrubs (2007) – Mr. Hobbs
Big Love (2010) – Dave
Elevator Girl Hallmark Channel TV movie (2010) – Doug
Greek (2011) – Professor
The League (2010) – Brassy Judge
How I Met Your Mother (2010) – Jordan
The Event – (2011) NSA Supervisor
Safety Geeks:SVI (2009) – Hopkins (Series Regular)
School And Board (2012) – Mike Donovan (Series Regular)
Vegas (2012) – Moderator
Incredible Crew – Krumping High School Principal (a.k.a. Krumping H.S. Principal) (December 31, 2012 and February 7 and April 4, 2013)
General Hospital – Swiss Doctor (2013)
American Horror Story: Hotel – Butler Graves (2015)
Documentary Now! - Mr. Runner-Up: My Life as an Oscar Bridesmaid – Rich Snooty Man (2016)
Dr. Ken – Middle Age Patient (2017)
Shameless – Father Henry (2018)
For All Mankind – Judge (2019)
Our Flag Means Death – Anglican Priest (2021)
Mrs. American Pie – Theodore Thimble, III (2022)
Film
Alamo: The Price of Freedom (1988) – Gordon C. Jennings
Legacy (1990) – Governor Boggs
Macon County War (1990) – Nathan Jackson (Lead)
Highway to Hell (1990) – Toby Gilmore (Lead)
Travis (1991) – Col. William Barrett Travis (Lead)
Steele's Law (1991) – Agent West
The Last of the Mohicans (1992) – Scottish Officer
Shoo Fly (2001) – Doctor Bum the Messenger of the Gods (Lead)
Sisyphus Rocks (2001) – Herman Perkins (Lead)
Winning London (2001) – Chef (British hotel)
Pollinator (2002) – Doctor Rappaccini
Temptation (2003) – Boris, the Butler
I-See-You.Com (2006) – HR Executive
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005) – Maitre'd
How Henri Came To Stay (2006) – Mr. Darly (Lead)
San Saba (2008) – Arthur "Chip" Miller
Poolboy: Drowning Out The Fury (2010) – Adolf Hitler
San Francisco 2177 (2010) – Hoffman
An American Carol (2008) – Adolf Hitler
In Them Shoes (2005) – Shoe Salesman (John Johnson)
Trouble Is My Business (2018) – Wilson Montemar
The Annunciation (2018) – Rabbi (Lead)
The Wedding Year (2019) – The Waiter
References
External links
Official Website
93rd Highlanders Living History
Benton Jennings Biography
Benton Jennings – The Gunfighters
SkyPilot Theatre Company, "Death and the Maiden"
Benton Jennings Youtube Channel
Benton Jennings Facebook Fan Page
"School And Board"
"Safety Geeks: SVI" by Dave & Tom
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Alumni of the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Texas Christian University alumni
Male actors from El Paso, Texas
Male actors from Fort Worth, Texas
American male Shakespearean actors
Albert R. "Tim" Womack (20 September 1934 – 8 November 2010) was an English professional footballer who played at outside left for various clubs in the 1950s and 1960s.
Football career
Womack was born in Denaby, near Doncaster and played their early football with Denaby United before turning professional with Derby County in October 1957. They spent two years with the Baseball Ground club, but only made two appearances in the Football League Second Division.
In May 1959, they moved to the south coast to join Southampton of the Third Division. With John Sydenham established in the outside-left position, Womack was unable to break into the first team and spent their year at The Dell in the reserves, where they made 20 appearances, scoring three goals. The "Saints" ended the season as champions, but shortly afterwards Womack was released.
They then joined Workington of the Fourth Division for a season, making nine league appearances.
Death
Womack died on 8 November 2010 at their home in Barnby Dun, near Doncaster, aged 76 years. They were married to Doreen and they had three children.
References
1934 births
2010 deaths
Footballers from Doncaster
English footballers
Denaby United F.C. players
Derby County F.C. players
Southampton F.C. players
Workington A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football forwards
The Scientific Committee on Problems of the Environment (SCOPE) was established by the 10th meeting of the Executive Committee of the International Council for Science (ICSU) in 1969. SCOPE's members include 38 national science academies and research councils, and 22 international scientific unions. The current president is Jon Samseth (Norway). The secretariat is located in the Netherlands.
SCOPE exists primarily to develop scientific reviews of key environmental issues around the themes of managing societal and natural resources, ecosystem processes, and biodiversity, health and environment.
In 2012, SCOPE and Elsevier established a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal, Environmental Development.
In 2019 SCOPE became an affiliated member of the International Science Council.
SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Awards
The SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Awards were introduced in 2010. They include three categories of annual Young Scientist awards (environmental sciences, environmental technologies, and environmental management). Every second year the Lifetime Achievements Award is given to two scientists with major contribution to the environmental sciences.
SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Forum
The SCOPE-Zhongyu Environmental Forum is an annual event first organised in Yixing in 2011. It addresses current environmental issues, trying to bring scientists from different fields together with policymakers.
United Nations
SCOPE has through the years developed a close collaboration with United Nations organizations, in particular UNESCO and UNEP. SCOPE is a major contributor to UNEP's yearbooks and publishes a policy brief series together with UNESCO and UNEP.
Presidents
The following persons have been president of SCOPE:
References
External links
Organizations established in 1969
International environmental organizations
Ecology organizations
Environmental organizations established in 1969
Garment Quarter is an independent designer fashion boutique that was founded in Bristol, England in 2010 by John Reid, Christopher Atkinson and Michael Barker. The shop was recently acquired by Teesside entrepreneur Howard Eggleston. The acquisition brought a relocation of the store and head offices to Merchant Street, Bristol.
The name Garment Quarter stems from New York's Garment District and the founders roots in Manchester's Northern Quarter.
Designed in Manchester, the contemporary architecture of the store was based on a cocoon with monochrome shards framed by contrasting pine wood with products 'floating' on a unique wiring system.
In 2011, Garment Quarter won 'Best New Business' at the Drapers's Fashion Awards and has been included in the top shopping destination guides for The Daily Telegraph, The Times and British Airways Executive Club.
Garment Quarter continues to have strong relationships with designers Vivienne Westwood, Alexander McQueen, Victoria Beckham and Comme des Garcons. In 2014 Garment Quarter supported London Collections: MEN designers KTZ and Sibling London.
In 2015 the Bristol store was ram raided for a second time.
In 2016, Garment Quarter won 'Bristol's Best Fashion Retailer' at the Bristol Lifestyle Awards thanks to a public vote. The award was presented by model Chloe-Jasmine.
References
External links
Garment Quarter
Clothing retailers of England
Companies based in Bristol
2010 establishments in the United Kingdom
Clothing companies of England
Quinlan Sharif McAfee (born January 18, 2001), better known by their stage name Quin NFN (formerly Quincho), is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter from Austin, Texas.  They are best known for their singles "Talkin' My Shit," "Straight Thru," and "Poles" featuring NLE Choppa.
They released their debut commercial mixtape, 4Nun, on October 25, 2019. They released their second mixtape, Quincho, on March 27, 2020.
Early life
Quinlan McAfee was born in Austin, Texas, on January 18, 2001. They started rhyming and writing rap songs at six years old. As stated in interviews, they cite Lil Wayne as "the first inspiration to basically make me wanna rap." They have also said that rapper Young Pappy inspired them "to get in the studio and talk shit." The first album they purchased was Lil Wayne's Tha Carter III.
Career
2016-2017: Early fame and debut EP
According to McAfee, they did not start recording music until the end of 2016. By that time, they started gaining attention in their hometown of Austin, Texas. However, their first hit song did not come until they released the single "Game Time Pt. 2" in August 2017. They followed this up with the releases of songs such as "Gang Shit", "Revenge", and "Lil Gangsta", with the former two being featured on their debut EP Stain or Starve.
2018-2019: Big success and debut mixtape
McAfee gained national success after the release of two of their biggest singles to date, "Talkin' My Shit" and "Straight Thru", which both had music videos uploaded onto the popular Jmoney1041 YouTube channel in late 2018, helping them gain traction. These singles helped McAfee sign a record deal with 10K Projects. They followed this success up with hit singles such as "How I'm Living" and "NFN ENT", both of which accumulated over a million views on YouTube.
On October 25, 2019, McAfee released their debut mixtape, 4Nun. The tape included features from NLE Choppa and PnB Rock, and one of the singles from the tape, "Poles" featuring NLE Choppa, went on to become one of McAfee's most popular singles.
2020-present: Second mixtape
McAfee released their second mixtape, Quincho, on March 27, 2020. The tape included no features and four previously released tracks.
Discography
Mixtapes
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
References
2001 births
Living people
African-American male rappers
21st-century American rappers
Rappers from Austin
American child musicians
21st-century American male musicians
21st-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American men
Shin Sung-woo (born Shin Dong-yoon; April 19, 1968) is a South Korean rock singer and actor. They were very popular as a rock star in the 90s with their song "Seoshi". They then went into acting, stage/musical plays and up to this time has been active in both.
Discography
Solo artist
내일을 향해 Towards Tomorrow (1992)
Eight Smiles of Klein (1993)
Shinsungwoo 003 (1994)
For (1995)
Mauve (1998)
Identity (2000)
2002 Shin Sung-woo (compilation album, 2002)
"I Swear" (track from First Love OST, 2003)
遭遇 (조우) Encounter (compilation album, 2006)
"To an Old Friend" (track from Telecinema Project Vol.2, 2009)
"Stagnant" (track from Warrior Baek Dong-soo OST, 2011)
Geenie
Cool World (1995)
Elephant (1996)
Filmography
Television series
Love Story (SBS, 2000) (episode 6: "Miss Hip-Hop and Mr. Rock")
Man in Crisis (MBC, 2002)
MBC Best Theater "Flower" (MBC, 2003)
Country Princess (MBC, 2003)
First Love (SBS, 2003)
Beautiful Temptation (KBS2, 2004)
Midnight DJ (SBS, 2004)
Tropical Nights in December (MBC, 2004)
Beating Heart (MBC, 2005)
Rehearsal (MBC, 2005)
MBC Best Theater "A Sweet Villainess Has Come to Me" (MBC, 2005)
MBC Best Theater "May, June" (MBC, 2005)
Special of My Life (MBC, 2006)
Super Rookie Ranger (MBC, 2006)
It's Okay Because I Love You (KBS2, 2007)
The Secret of Coocoo Island (MBC, 2008)
Home Sweet Home (MBC, 2010)
Mom (MBC, 2015-2016)
Moorim School: Saga of the Brave (KBS2, 2016)
Dear My Friends (tvN, 2016)
The Great Seducer (MBC, 2018)
The Penthouse: War in Life 3 (SBS, 2021) / as Clark Lee Cameo (Episode 7)
The Murderer's Shopping List (tvN, 2022) / as Young-chun
Film
Detective Mr. Gong (2006)
After the Banquet (2009)
Variety show
Roommate (SBS, 2014) - season 1 cast member
Real Life Men and Women (MBN, 2018) - season 1, cast member
Musical theatre
Dracula (1998)
Rock Hamlet (2000)
Rock of Ages (2010)
Jack the Ripper (2011-2014)
The Three Musketeers (2011-2014)
Mozart, the Rock Opera (2012)
Gone with the Wind (2014-2015)
Chess (2015)
Jack the Ripper (2021–2022) as Jack
The Three Musketeers (2022) as Athos
References
External links
Shin Sung-woo Fan Cafe at Daum
1968 births
Living people
People from Seosan
Rock songwriters
20th-century South Korean male singers
21st-century South Korean male singers
20th-century South Korean male actors
21st-century South Korean male actors
South Korean rock singers
South Korean male singer-songwriters
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male musical theatre actors
South Korean male stage actors
Chung-Ang University alumni
Aprakos is a kind of Gospel or Acts of the Apostles book, otherwise known as weekly or service Gospel (Acts). In aprakoses, the text is organized not in the natural order of books, but along with the weekly church readings starting from the Holy (Easter) Week as used in the Eastern Orthodox Church. In particular, the text of Aprakos-Gospels begins with the first chapter of Gospel according to John (In the beginning was the Word...), whereas regular Gospels (Tetra-Gospels) begin with the Gospel according to Matthew (The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David...). Many of the oldest Slavic manuscripts are aprakoses, like Codex Assemanius, Ostromir Gospels or Vukan's Gospel.
Similar books used in the Western Christianity (Catholic Church and others) are known as Lectionaries (the term of much broader meaning), or (Gospels only) as Evangeliarium or Evangelistarium.
External links
A discussion on the word "aprakos"
Eastern Orthodox liturgical books
ru:Апракос
Markus Büchel (14 May 1959 – 9 July 2013) was a former head of government of Liechtenstein.
Prime Minister of Liechtenstein
Büchel was in office as Prime Minister of Liechtenstein from May to December 1993. They won the elections in 1993 as a candidate for the conservative FBP (Fortschrittliche Bürgerpartei) (Progressive Citizens' Party).
Later life
In 2002, Büchel became Honorary Consul of Russia in Liechtenstein.
They died in 2013, aged 54. Büchel was survived by their wife, Elena, and their son David.
See also
Politics of Liechtenstein
References
Heads of government of Liechtenstein
1959 births
2013 deaths
Honorary consuls of Russia
Progressive Citizens' Party politicians
University of Bern alumni
Jay Beagle (born October 16, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently an unrestricted free agent. They most recently played as an alternate captain for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). As an undrafted free agent, Beagle joined the Washington Capitals's organization for the 2007-08 season. They eventually made their NHL debut on February 11, 2009, and joined the team full time during their 2010–11 season. They concluded their tenure with the Capitals after winning their first Stanley Cup, where they became the first player to win the Kelly Cup (ECHL), Calder Cup (AHL), and the Stanley Cup (NHL). Following their Stanley Cup win, Beagle left the Capitals organization and joined the Vancouver Canucks. In July 2021, Beagle was acquired by the Coyotes in a multi-player trade.
Early life
Beagle was born on October 16, 1985, in Calgary, Alberta, to parents Al and Sue Beagle. They grew up in Calgary alongside their younger siblings Steve and Jen, and worked in their father's auto garage during high school.
Playing career
Junior
Growing up in Calgary, Alberta, Beagle played for the Simons Valley minor-hockey association and won the 2003 Air Canada Cup as a member of the Midget-AAA Calgary Northstars. After being released from their tryout with the Calgary Hitmen of the Western Hockey League, they then played for the Calgary Royals of the Alberta Junior Hockey League (AJHL) from 2003 to 2005. During the 2003–04 season, they ranked third on the team in goals and second in power-play goals, earning the Royals' Top Rookie Award and Most Inspirational Award. While playing with the team, Beagle also changed tires in the garage and wired houses for an electrical company to earn money.
Beagle then played for the University of Alaska Anchorage's men's ice hockey from 2005 until 2007. While playing for the Seawolves, Beagle recorded 20 points in their sophomore season and 10 points in their rookie season. As a youth, they began playing the position of a defensive forward but focused their skill as a two-way player during college. They specifically focused on penalty killing and playing defensively.
Professional
Following their sophomore season, Beagle chose to leave college and pursue a career playing professional hockey. They also explained that they were "struggling in school a little bit to juggle hockey with school and weight training." Their father Al began calling ECHL teams urging them to try out their son. They eventually earned a tryout with the Idaho Steelheads for the 2006–07 season. Beagle played eight games with the team to conclude their regular season and helped them make their Kelly Cup run. While playing in Las Vegas during the playoffs, Beagle met Steve Richmond, Washington Capitals' director of player development, who offered them a tryout at their development camp. Beagle scored one goal and two assists for the Steelheads during their 18-game playoff games to win the Kelly Cup championship.
Washington Capitals
The following year, Beagle played 64 games for the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League scoring 37 points. Their first AHL goal, a shorthanded goal, came during a game against the Bridgeport Sound Tigers on November 5, 2007. By December, Beagle was tied for fourth in the league in rookie goal scoring with nine. They later praised the coaching of Bruce Boudreau for their increased offensive ability during the season, saying "[h]e pushed me hard and made sure they got 100% out of me every practice and every game." Beagle subsequently signed a two-year entry-level contract with the Capitals for the 2008–09 season.
Following the signing, Beagle attended the Capitals summer camp and training camp prior to the 2008–09 season. They competed with the Capitals during their pre-season game, playing alongside Oskar Osala and Andrew Gordon. In their pre-season debut, Beagle played 16:11 minutes and had one shot on goal. They were eventually re-assigned to the Bears to begin the season and played 25 games for the team before being recalled to the NHL level due to an injury to Alexander Semin. Upon returning to the Bears, Beagle helped the team qualify for the 2009 Calder Cup playoffs and win the Calder Cup by recording one goal and three assists.
On November 17, 2009, Beagle recorded their first NHL point, an assist on Matt Bradley's game-winning goal in the team's 4-2 win over the New York Rangers, and on November 23, they scored their first NHL goal, an unassisted tally against the Ottawa Senators. At the conclusion of the season, Beagle signed a two-year contract to remain with the Capitals organization.
In the 2010–11 season, Beagle began the year with the Hershey Bears before they were recalled from the AHL on December 15, 2010.
During the Capitals exit interview, teammate Brooks Laich urged the coaching staff to give Beagle a regular role with the team. However, on October 13, 2011, Beagle suffered a concussion during a fight against Pittsburgh Penguins' Arron Asham and they missed 31 games to recover.
On July 5, 2012, Beagle was signed to a three-year extension with the Capitals. Beagle continued their tenure with the Capitals in further signing another three-year extension worth $5.25 million on June 29, 2015.
When the Washington Capitals won the Stanley Cup on June 7, 2018, Beagle became the only player to have won championships in the ECHL (2007), AHL (2009 and 2010) and NHL (2018).
Vancouver Canucks
Having left the Capitals as a free agent after 11 seasons within the organization, on July 1, 2018, Beagle signed a four-year, $12 million contract with the Vancouver Canucks. In their first month with the team, Beagle suffered a broken forearm during a game against the Florida Panthers and missed 24 games to recover.
Arizona Coyotes
On July 23, 2021, Beagle was traded, along with Loui Eriksson, Antoine Roussel, a 2021 first-round pick, a 2022 second-round pick and a 2023 seventh-round pick, to the Arizona Coyotes in exchange for Oliver Ekman-Larsson and Conor Garland.
Personal life
Beagle married their high school sweetheart Ashley in 2009, and together they have two sons and a daughter. During the summer, Beagle runs a ball hockey camp in their hometown.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Alaska Anchorage Seawolves men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Arizona Coyotes players
Calgary Royals players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey centres
Hershey Bears players
Idaho Steelheads (ECHL) players
Sportspeople from Calgary
Stanley Cup champions
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Vancouver Canucks players
Washington Capitals players
Microsoft Automatic Graph Layout (MSAGL) is a .NET library for automatic graph layout.
It was created by Lev Nachmanson at Microsoft Research.
Earlier versions carried the name GLEE (Graph Layout Execution Engine).
Contents
The MSAGL software supplies three programming libraries:
, a device-independent graph layout engine;
, a device-independent implementation of graphs as graphical user interface objects, with all kinds of graphical attributes, and support for interface events such as mouse actions;
, a Windows.Forms-based graph viewer control.
, a WPF (Windows Presentation Foundation) based graph viewer control.
A trivial application is supplied to demonstrate the viewer.
Features
MSAGL performs layout based on principles of the Sugiyama scheme; it produces so called layered, or hierarchical, layouts (according to the MSAGL home page). Modified Coffman–Graham scheduling algorithm is then used to find a layout that would fit in a given space. More detailed description of the algorithm can be found in .
At some time, it did not support a wide range of different layout algorithms, unlike, for instance, GraphViz or GUESS.
It does not appear to support incremental layout.
Availability and licensing
MSAGL is distributed under MIT License as open source at GitHub.
See also
graph layout
Graph algorithms
Graphviz, an open-source graph drawing system from AT&T
References
External links
MSAGL home page
MSAGL in a browser
US Patent 7932907
Graph drawing software
Free and open-source software
Microsoft free software
Microsoft Research
Programming tools for Windows
Software using the MIT license
Kınık, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
George William Hill (March 3, 1838 – April 16, 1914) was an American astronomer and mathematician. Working independently and largely in isolation from the wider scientific community, they made major contributions to celestial mechanics and to the theory of ordinary differential equations. The importance of their work was explicitly acknowledged by Henri Poincaré in 1905. In 1909 Hill was awarded the Royal Society's Copley Medal, "on the ground of their researches in mathematical astronomy". Today, they are chiefly remembered for the Hill differential equation.
Early life and education
Hill was born in New York City to painter and engraver John William Hill and their wife, Catherine Smith. They moved to West Nyack with their family when they were eight years old. After high school, Hill attended Rutgers College, where they became interested in mathematics.
At Rutgers, Hill came under the influence of professor Theodore Strong, who was a friend of pioneering US mathematician and astronomer Nathaniel Bowditch. Strong encouraged Hill to read the great works on analysis by Sylvestre Lacroix and Adrien-Marie Legendre, as well as the treatises on mechanics and mathematical astronomy by Joseph-Louis Lagrange, Pierre-Simon Laplace, Siméon Denis Poisson, and Gustave de Pontécoulant.
Hill graduated from Rutgers College in 1859, with a Bachelor of Arts degree. In that same year they published their first scientific paper, on the geometrical curve of a drawbridge. Two years later they earned a prize from the Runkle Mathematical Monthly for their work on the mathematical theory of the figure of the Earth.
In the early 1860s, Hill began studying the works on lunar theory by Charles-Eugène Delaunay and Peter Andreas Hansen, which would inspire and motivate most of Hill's subsequent research. In 1861, Hill was hired by John Daniel Runkle to work in the United States Naval Observatory's Nautical Almanac Office, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 1862 Rutgers awarded Hill a Master of Arts degree. Hill lived for a while in Cambridge and later in Washington, D.C., but they preferred to carry out their mathematical work in their family farm in West Nyack, to which they retired for good after 1892.
Work on mathematical astronomy
Hill's mature work focused on the mathematics of the three-body problem, and later the four-body problem, to calculate the orbits of the Moon around the Earth, as well as that of planets around the Sun. Hill was able to quantify the gravitational sphere of influence of an astronomical body in the presence of other heavy bodies, by introducing the concept of the zero-velocity surface. The space within this surface is now known as the Hill sphere and it corresponds to the region around a body within which it may capture satellites.
In 1878, Hill provided the first complete mathematical solution to the problem of the apsidal precession of the Moon's orbit around the Earth, a difficult problem in lunar theory first raised in Isaac Newton's Principia Mathematica of 1687. This same work also introduced what is now known in physics and mathematics as the "Hill differential equation", which describes the behavior of a parametric oscillator and which made an important contribution to the mathematical Floquet theory.
Influence and recognition
Hill's work attracted the attention of the international scientific community, and in 1894 they were chosen as president of the American Mathematical Society, serving for two years. Hill lectured at Columbia University from 1898 to 1901, but they attracted few students and they ultimately chose to return their salary and to continue working alone in their home in West Nyack, rather than within academia.
Hill's Collected Works were published in 1905-07 by the Carnegie Institution for Science, with a 12-page introduction by the eminent French mathematician and theoretical physicist Henri Poincaré. In that introduction, Poincaré said that, in Hill's 1878 article titled "Researches in the lunar theory", "one is allowed to perceive the germ of most of the progress that [celestial mechanics] has made ever since". Of Hill's isolation from the academic community, Poincaré declared that
George William Hill was elected as a foreign member of the Royal Society of London in 1902. They also became a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1908, and of the scientific academies of Belgium (1909), Norway (1910), Sweden (1913), and the Netherlands (1914). Their later years were marked by poor health, and they died in West Nyack in 1914. They never married and had no children.
Honors
Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society (1887)
Damoiseau Prize from the Institut de France (1898)
Copley Medal of the Royal Society of London (1909)
Bruce Medal of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific (1909)
Hill crater on the Moon
Asteroid 1642 Hill
Hill Center for the Mathematical Sciences at Rutgers University's Busch Campus
References
Bibliography
The collected mathematical works of George William Hill vol. 1 (Carnegie Institution of Washington, 1905–1907)
The collected mathematical works of George William Hill vol. 2 (Carnegie Institution of Washington, 1905–1907)
The collected mathematical works of George William Hill vol. 3, entitled A New Theory of Jupiter and Saturn, (Carnegie Institution of Washington, 1905–1907)
The collected mathematical works of George William Hill vol. 4 (Carnegie Institution of Washington, 1905–1907)
External links
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
1838 births
1914 deaths
American astronomers
19th-century American mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
Recipients of the Bruce Medal
Recipients of the Copley Medal
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Recipients of the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society
Foreign Members of the Royal Society
Presidents of the American Mathematical Society
Rutgers University alumni
David Pelham Guthrie-James, MBE, DSC (25 December 1919 – 15 December 1986) was a British Conservative Party politician, author and adventurer.
Biography
Early life and education
James was born in 1919, the oldest son of Sir Archibald James and Bridget James Miller (née Guthrie). They went first to Summer Fields School in Oxford and then Eton. They left Eton at the age of 17, sailing round the world "before the mast" in the 4-masted barque Viking as a trainee officer. They then joined their father on a trip to Spain where they observed the ongoing Spanish Civil War. In 1938 they went up to Balliol College, Oxford, to read geography, but left after four terms to join the RNVR.
Wartime service
In June 1940, James became a midshipman on HMS Drake. Later on they served on an armed merchant cruiser patrolling the Denmark Strait. In December 1941, they became the second in command of Motor Gun Boat No.63 operating out of Felixstowe. In the early hours of Sunday 28 February 1943, their then vessel MGB 79, was sunk in action off the Hook of Holland. James and three of their crew were rescued from the water by a German trawler and were taken prisoner, later earned the DSC for this action. They were sent to Marlag O, the naval prisoner-of-war camp near Westertimke.
They attempted to escape in December 1943, slipping out of the shower block on a foggy morning, then crossed Germany wearing their full British naval uniform, but with forged papers identifying them as "I. Bagerov" of the Bulgarian Navy. This name was chosen as a joke, so that when asked who they were they would reply “Bugger off”. James made it as far as the port of Lübeck and had made contact with the crew of a Swedish ship willing to smuggle them out of the country before they were arrested, and returned to the camp. Their second escape in late 1944 used the same method, relying on the corrupt shower-block guards not to report their own short head-count. James again headed for the Baltic coast, posing as a merchant seaman, and this time made it to Sweden.
Their successful escape earned them an Order of the British Empire and a spot at the Naval Intelligence Division where they lectured their colleagues on escape methods. Believing that their experience would be of no use in the Middle East where they were to be transferred they joined Operation Tabarin in 1944, wintering in Graham Land until January 1946. In consequence, the James Nunatak was named after them by the British Antarctic Survey.
A self-penned account of their 11 months in (and out of) the camp was published in the UK as A Prisoner's Progress in Blackwood's Magazine (1946–7), then in book form by Blackwoods in 1947, with a second edition in 1954 and in the U.S. under the title Escaper's Progress. A review at the time described the work as "one of the better escape books". In 1978, when the book was re-published in the UK in paperback as Escaper's Progress (Corgi), their original account of the escape, as prepared for Naval Intelligence Division was included as an appendix, having become de-classified. This has again been republished by Pen & Sword Ltd.
Post-war career
James was then chosen to act as Polar Adviser to director Charles Frend for the 1948 film production of Scott of the Antarctic, during which they appeared as John Mills' "body double" in a number of long shots in the snow. Never one to miss a book opportunity, James wrote Scott of the Antarctic: The Film and Its Production which was published by Lon Convoy, followed a year later, in 1949, by That Frozen Land: The Story of a Year in the Antarctic. Being the only near contemporary account of Operation Tabarin That Frozen Land avoided referring to its geopolitical objectives.
James was asked by George G. Harrap and Co. to co-edit, with James Lennox Kerr, a book of wartime stories and experiences of RNVR members entitled Wavy Navy - By Some Who Served. (1950), and was then chosen by the daughter of Lord Roberts of Kandahar to write their father's biography, published by Hollis & Carter under the title Lord Roberts (1954).
In 1957 James wrote a book entitled Outward Bound, with a foreword by the Duke of Edinburgh, about the Outward Bound organisation, and in 1960 co-edited, with The Field editor Wilson Stephens, In Praise of Fox Hunting, a series of essays by contributors such as Dick Francis, Jimmy Edwards and BBC show jumping commentator Dorian Williams.
In 1962, weeks before the birth of their youngest son, they featured on This Is Your Life, having been ambushed at Victoria Station by Eamonn Andrews and their red book, getting off the train from their home town of Haywards Heath.
Although born into a Church of England family, they were a director of Catholic publishing house Burns & Oates, having been received into the church whilst a POW.
They were Member of Parliament for Brighton Kemptown from 1959 to 1964, when they lost, after a record seven recounts, by just 7 votes to Labour's Dennis Hobden (the first Labour MP for a Sussex constituency). James was subsequently elected as MP for North Dorset in 1970 and they served as member for that seat until their retirement in 1979, when they were succeeded by Sir Nicholas Baker. In the 1964 election when they lost their Brighton seat, their view was that their campaign was sabotaged by extreme left wing infiltrators, in revenge for the assistance they had given to the exposure of ballot rigging in the Electrical Trades Union.
Personal life
On 20 May 1950, James married Jaquetta Mary Theresa (née Digby) (28 October 1928 – 22 February 2019), the youngest daughter of Edward Digby, 11th Baron Digby, and sister of Pamela Harriman and Edward Digby, 12th Baron Digby. They had six children, four sons and two daughters, born between 1951 and 1962. In 1979 they changed their name to David Guthrie-James to mark the connection between Clan Guthrie and their family home Torosay Castle on the Isle of Mull.
Interested in the existence of the Loch Ness Monster, they co-founded the Loch Ness Phenomena Investigation Bureau with naturalist Sir Peter Scott in 1962.
Their friend John Robson wrote their biography which was published under the title One Man in Their Time (Spellmount Ltd. 1998).
References
Notes
Bibliography
Times Guide to the House of Commons October 1974
Further reading
External links
1919 births
1986 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Cross (United Kingdom)
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
People educated at Eton College
Converts to Roman Catholicism
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Escapees from German detention
People from the Isle of Mull
Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Live in Sydney refers to a Kylie Minogue DVD
Live in Sydney may also refer to:
Live in Sydney, DVD by André Rieu 2009
Live in Sydney, DVD by Culture Club 1984
Live in Sydney, DVD by Roxette 1991
Live in Sydney, DVD by Living Loud 2010
Live in Sydney, DVD by Arlo Guthrie 2012
Live in Sydney, DVD by Michael Franti and Spearhead
Live in Sydney, DVD by k.d. lang
This article lists DVD ripper software capable of ripping and converting DVD discs, ISO image files or DVD folders to computer, mobile handsets and media players supported file formats.
General information
Note: Applications with a purple background are no longer in development.
Supported software & hardware, user interface
This table lists the operating systems that different DVD rippers can run on without emulation and/or compatibility layer(s) (e.g.Wine under Linux and/or other operating systems are marked as No, mostly noted, but there may be other applications running under emulation and/or compatibility layer(s) which are not marked). Other minimum system requirements are listed; some features (like High Definition support) may be unavailable with these specifications.
Disabling DRM
Note: As at 2009-12-10 much of the data below is based on available wiki-pages, official website pages & some limited user experience (i.e. where this table reads 'Yes' OR 'No', may be true OR may in fact need to read 'Partial', or 'Obsolete' as many encryption methods may change over time.)
Input files supported
Output files supported
Other features
References
External links
DVD rippers
DVD ripper software
The Rose Ryal is a gold coin of the Kingdom of England issued in the reign of King James I and is now very rare. The coin is really a two-ryal coin worth thirty shillings (i.e. 1½ pounds) and is a development of the earlier fine sovereign of Queen Elizabeth I.
The Rose Ryal, so called because the rose appearing on the reverse, was introduced during James I's second coinage (1604-1619). The design of this first issue shows on the obverse the king enthroned with a portcullis beneath their feet, surrounded by the legend IACOBUS DG MAG BRIT FRAN ET HIBER REX ("James, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland King"). The reverse shows the royal arms over a rose surrounded by the legend A. DNO FACTUM EST ISTUD ET EST MIRAB IN OCULIS NRIS ("This is the Lord's doing and it is marvellous in our eyes", from Psalm 118).
During James' third coinage (1619–25) a new-style rose ryal was issued. On the reverse is the royal shield, with the value "XXX" over the shield and the whole surrounded by roses, lions, and lis, surrounded by the legend A. DNO FACTUM EST ISTUD ET EST MIRAB IN OCULIS NRIS, while the obverse shows a redesigned version of the enthroned king with a portcullis beneath, surrounded by the legend IACOBUS DG MA BRI FR ET HI REX.
English gold coins
Coins of England
Song of Stockholm (Swedish: Sången om Stockholm) is a 1947 Swedish musical drama film directed by Elof Ahrle and starring Ahrle, Alice Babs and Bengt Logardt. The film's sets were designed by the art director Arthur Spjuth.
Cast
Elof Ahrle as Knatten
Alice Babs as Britt
Bengt Logardt as Jan
Åke Grönberg as Åke
Marianne Gyllenhammar as Anne-Marie
Anders Börje as Anders
Hilda Borgström as Jans mor
Douglas Håge as Britts far
Carin Swensson as Gullan
Nils Ferlin as Nils
Sune Waldimir as Sune
Eric Gustafson as Direktör Rosenstam
Gustaf Lövås as Rakbladsförsäljaren
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1947 films
Swedish drama films
1947 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Elof Ahrle
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Wiltz is a small impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars. It was named after the town of Wiltz, Luxembourg, in 2008.
References
Impact craters on Mars
Elysium quadrangle
Amatori Parma Rugby is a historical Italian rugby union team founded in 1971.
History
From Amatori to Gran Ducato
Gran Parma Rugby was founded in 1999 following the merger of Amatori Parma Rugby and Rugby Noceto.
From 1999 to 2002 they competed in Seria A2 and won promotion to Serie A1. They finished eighth in their first season in the top flight which gave them the right to join the newly formed Super 10 (now Top12). They made their European debut in 2002–03 in the European Shield.
GranDucato Parma Rugby was formed in June 2010 through the merger of Gran Parma Rugby, Rugby Colorno and Rugby Viadana. With the formation of Aironi to play in the Celtic League, the best players and sponsorship from the three participating clubs were concentrated in this new single club Aironi. As a result of Aironi, these three teams decided to merge their senior and U-20 teams in order to better compete in the National Championship of Excellence for the 2010/2011 season. The three teams continued to exist below the U-20 level independently with the goal of producing players for GranDucato, and ultimately Aironi and the national team.
Aironi struggled in the two season in the Magners League ran into financial difficulties and were replaced by Zebre. Viadana reformed as a professional team in the National Championship of Excellence.
Come back to Amatori Parma
From the 2011/12 season with the original name of Amatori Parma, it participates with a team in the Serie B championship, in addition to having seven youth representatives from Under 6 to Under 20.  They are promoted and in the following season 2012/13 they play in the Serie A2 championship, but arriving eleventh and facing the relegation in Serie B. In the 2014/15 season the blucelesti reach salvation and win the seventh place in the standings.
European Challenge Cup
References
Italian rugby union teams
Sport in Parma
The Rhodes Site, designated 31BR90, is a prehistoric archaeological site near Hamilton, North Carolina. It is a deeply buried midden located on the eastern bank of the Roanoke River, and has been dated to the Middle and Late Woodland Periods. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bertie County, North Carolina
References
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Bertie County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Bertie County, North Carolina
Henk-Jan Zwolle (born 30 November 1964 in Enschede, Overijssel) is a former rower from the Netherlands and two-time Olympic medallist. They competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988.
Zwolle and Nico Rienks won gold in double sculls at the 1991 World Rowing Championships in Vienna. The following year, they won a bronze medal in the men's double sculls at the 1992 Summer Olympics. At the 1996 Summer Olympics, they claimed the gold medal in the men's eight event with the Holland Acht (Holland Eight).
They married fellow Dutch rower Tessa Appeldoorn in October 1998.
References
1964 births
Living people
Dutch male rowers
Rowers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Olympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Enschede
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for the Netherlands
Mulyadi Tamsir (8 April 1981 – 9 January 2021) was an Indonesian student activist and politician from the People's Conscience Party who was the chairperson of the Muslim Students' Association from 2015 until 2018.
Early life and education
Mulyadi was born on 8 April 1981 in Lampung as the son of Ponijan and Katimah. At the age of 4, Mulyadi and their parents moved to Sintang Regency in West Kalimantan. Mulyadi graduated from the Serangas State Elementary School in 1993, West Kalimantan Junior High School in 1996, and the Budi Luhur Business Management Vocational School in 1999.
After they graduated from the vocational school, Mulyadi did not continue their study to university due to the lack of funds. They instead worked for about two years, until they obtained enough money to attend the Social and Political Faculty of the Kapuas University. They studied from the university for six years until they graduated in 2007. Mulyadi then moved to Malang, where they enrolled at the Indonesian Economic Institute and graduated from the institute with a Bachelor of Economics degree in 2009. Two years later, Mulyadi attended the Faculty of Economics of the Trisakti University to pursue postgraduate degree in economics.
In the Muslim Students' Association
Positions
Mulyadi joined the Muslim Students' Association (HMI) in October 2001 while they were in the Kapuas University. Two years, Mulyadi was put in charge of supervising members of the association in the university and was promoted again to become the chairperson of the Sintang branch of the association. Between 2005 and 2013, Mulyadi was promoted several times, ranging from regencial and provincial positions, until they were appointed in 2013 as the secretary general of the organization. As a secretary general, Mulyadi was involved in various protests which criticized government policies, such as demonstration against rising fuel prices.
Chairman of the Muslim Students' Association
Mulyadi was elected as the chairperson of the Muslim Students' Association (HMI) on 5 December 2015. Mulyadi ran against Azhar Kahfi in the section round of election, where they obtained 224 votes, while Kahfi only obtained 181 votes. Mulyadi served as chairperson until their term ended on 30 March 2018.
During their tenure, the November 2016 Jakarta protests occurred, with HMI as one of the main perpetrators of the protests. However, the protests soon turned violent and Mulyadi's secretary general—along with five HMI cadres—was arrested by the police. The Indonesian National Police speculated that there were a group of politicians inciting the riots and interrogated Mulyadi as the chairperson of the organization. Mulyadi defended the innocence of the organizations, stating that the arrests had no legal basis and that a group of unknown students were the one who should be blamed for the riots. Mulyadi then formed a legal team to challenge the arrests conducted by the police. They stated that the arrests "did not conform with the human rights principles". The police later relented and freed Mulyadi's secretary general and the five cadres on 17 November. In an interview conducted after the arrests, Mulyadi denied that the demonstration was masterminded by certain political groups and stated that the association was an "independent and idealist" association.
In March 2017, a photo of Mulyadi wearing a shirt with the word "Anies-Sandi" and a logo of HMI became viral. A number of HMI branches criticized Mulyadi for their partisanship in the 2017 Jakarta gubernatorial election. Joni Riski Putra, the chairperson of the association in Bukittinggi, demanded Mulyadi to resign from their position because Mulyadi had violated the HMI constitution for wearing the shirt.
In the People's Conscience Party
After their term ended, Mulyadi joined the People's Conscience Party in 2018 and became the Deputy Treasurer of the Party. As part of their job, Mulyadi organized meetings for provincial legislature candidates to consolidate in the 2019 elections. Mulyadi themselves ran as a candidate for the People's Representative Council from the East Java I electoral district, but they did not win the election. After the election, they became the chairperson for organization affairs of the party.
Personal life
Mulyadi was married to Makrufatul Yeti Srianingsih on 20 November 2020.
Death
Mulyadi, alongside their wife, a parent-in-law and one child, died on 9 January 2021 on board Sriwijaya Air Flight 182, which crashed in the waters near Thousand Islands. Their body, along with five other victims of the crash, was identified on 19 January 2021. Their body was handed over to their family a day later and they were buried in a public cemetery near their house on 21 January 2021. A number of HMI members and government officials, including the chairperson of the Indonesian Investment Coordinating Board Bahlil Lahadalia and the Governor of Jakarta Anies Baswedan, conducted a funeral prayer for Mulyadi in the HMI headquarters.
References
1981 births
21st-century Indonesian politicians
People from Lampung
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Indonesia
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 2021
Trisakti University alumni
2021 deaths
Uroš Račić (; born 17 March 1998) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Primeira Liga club Braga, on loan from La Liga club Valencia, and the Serbia national team.
Club career
Early years
Born in Kraljevo, Račić started playing football in local football academies "Bambi" and "Knjaz" along with their twin brother Bogdan. After three years paying with Altina football school in Zemun, twins returned to home town and joined Sloga Kraljevo. They also played with Sloboda Čačak before joined OFK Beograd. After two years they spent with youth team, Uroš was also licensed for the first team for the 2015–16 season. After they scored a goal for youth team in a match against Red Star Belgrade for 4:1 win, Uroš moved in opponent team with their twin brother and signed a three-year professional contract with Red Star on 13 March 2016.
Red Star Belgrade
Račić made their debut with Red Star Belgrade on 8 May 2016 in a friendly match against Olympiacos. On 14 May 2016, they made their SuperLiga debut in away match against Radnik Surdulica, coming on as a substitute for Aleksandar Katai.
During the 2017 summer pre-season, Račić was presented as one of the club's top 10 youth prospects. On 6 July 2017, Račić made their first continental appearance for the club, in the second leg of the first qualifying round for the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League, in a 3–3 draw against Floriana. Račić scored their first senior goal for Red Star Belgrade in a 3−1 victory against OFK Bačka on 13 August 2017. On the last day of the 2017 summer transfer window, Račić extended their contract with Red Star to 30 June 2021. They also scored in a 2–1 victory over Mladost Lučani in the 14th fixture of the Serbian SuperLiga campaign. Their goal was proclaimed goal of the week in the domestic football competition, after which they won a wristwatch as a reward. On 5 May 2018, Račić was fouled for a penalty kick, which was scored by Dejan Joveljić in 4–0 home victory over Spartak Subotica. They scored and assisted teammate Nemanja Radonjić in the last season match against Voždovac on 19 May 2018.
Valencia
Račić joined Valencia in the summer of 2018 in a €2.2 million transfer from Red Star Belgrade. On 13 June 2018, they signed a four-year contract, but was assigned to the B-team in Segunda División B. A fixed-rate clause of €100 million was inserted in their contract.
2017–18 season
On 4 December 2018, Račić made their debut for Valencia in a 1–0 win over CD Ebro in the Copa del Rey.
Loans
On 14 January 2019, Račić was loaned to Segunda División side CD Tenerife until the end of the season. They were then loaned to Portuguese team FC Famalicão in August 2019.
2020–21 season
On 13 September 2020, Račić came on as a substitute in Valencia's opening game of the 2020–21 La Liga season home against Levante, in a 4–2 win.
International career
As a member of Serbia national under-18 football team Račić played several matches in 2016 and scored 1 goal against Armenia in a match played 15 March 2016. In August 2016, Račić was called into Serbia U19 squad for memorial tournament "Stevan Vilotić - Ćele", where they debuted in opening match against the United States. Račić scored their first goal for U19 national team from a penalty kick, in a friendly match against Georgia, played on 8 October 2016. Račić was also a scorer in the last testing match before elite qualification round for the 2017 UEFA European Under-19 Championship, against Bosnia and Herzegovina on 9 March 2017. Račić got their first call in Serbian under-21 team by coach Goran Đorović in December 2017. They made their debut for the team in an away friendly against Qatar on 17 December 2017.
Style of play
Standing at 6-foot-4-inches (1.93 m), Račić is a right-footed footballer. They joined Red Star Belgrade as a successor to Marko Grujić and player who usually plays on central midfield position, being capable of playing both attacking and defensive role equally. Račić also played as a centre-back in a friendly during the Miodrag Božović era. In August 2017, Račić was linked with Juventus, when they were also compared with Sergej Milinković-Savić. Račić emphasized Paul Pogba as their idol.
When it was announced about Račić's signing with Valencia, former player of the club, Predrag Mijatović, described Račić in Spanish media. They said they watched them against their former club, Partizan and mentioned Račić's physical characteristics. They also described their mode of play, but emphasized a difference in quality between the Serbian SuperLiga and La Liga.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Red Star Belgrade
Serbian SuperLiga: 2015–16, 2017–18
Valencia
Copa del Rey: 2018–19
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kraljevo
Serbian footballers
Serbia international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
OFK Beograd players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Valencia CF Mestalla footballers
Valencia CF players
CD Tenerife players
F.C. Famalicão players
S.C. Braga players
Serbian SuperLiga players
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Primeira Liga players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
This is a list of AEW Dynamite special episodes, detailing all professional wrestling television special cards promoted on AEW Dynamite by All Elite Wrestling (AEW).
On May 8, 2019, AEW reached a new media rights deal with British media company ITV plc to broadcast their shows on ITV4. On May 15, 2019, AEW and WarnerMedia announced a deal for a weekly prime-time show airing live on TNT and would also stream live events and pay-per-views on B/R Live in the United States and Canada. On September 25, 2019, AEW announced an international streaming deal with FITE TV primarily for regions outside of the United States and Canada via the "AEW Plus" package, which includes live streaming and replay access of Dynamite in simulcast with its U.S. airing. In Canada, Bell Media's TSN acquired broadcast rights to Dynamite, marking the return of professional wrestling to the network after WWE Raw moved to rival network The Score (now Sportsnet 360) in 2006. The show is broadcast in simulcast with TNT in the U.S (but is subject to scheduling) and is streamed on TSN Direct as well as TSN's website.
Special episodes
2019
2020
2021
2022
See also
List of All Elite Wrestling special events
List of All Elite Wrestling pay-per-view events
Wednesday Night Wars
Notes
References
External links
Special episodes
Professional wrestling-related lists
Lists of television episodes
"That's Where It's At" is a song written by Sam Cooke and J.W. Alexander. Recorded by Cooke, it was released as a single in September 1964.
The song was recorded in 32 takes on August 20, 1963 at the RCA studio in Los Angeles, although not released until over a year later. The backing band on the single consisted of trumpeter John Anderson, bassist Harper Cosby, trombonist John "Streamline" Ewing, drummer June Gardner, saxophonist Jewell Grant, violinist Darel Terwilliger, and guitarists René Hall and Bobby Womack.
It was not initially much of a commercial success, charting no higher than 93 on the Billboard Hot 100. By Cooke's personal standards it was similarly low, especially when compared to their previous and following singles ("Good Times" and "Shake", respectively), both of which were comfortably in the Top 20. However, the song has also garnered critical acclaim in the decades since. It is ranked 876th in American music critic Dave Marsh's 1989 list, The Heart of Rock and Soul: The 1001 Greatest Singles Ever Made.
"That's Where It's At" has been covered by such artists as Van Morrison, Ray Charles, and Bobby Womack, among others.
References
1964 singles
Sam Cooke songs
Songs written by Sam Cooke
Songs written by J. W. Alexander (musician)
RCA Records singles
1964 songs
Jackie Gay (born October 15, 1962) is a Canadian paralympic sailor. Alongside their husband, they won a silver medal at the SKUD 18 – 2 person keelboats during the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
Early life
Gay was born on October 15, 1962. Growing up in South Africa, Gay lost their leg in a landslide with their previous husband in 1994.
Career
Upon moving to Canada and remarrying in 2010, Gay and their second husband John McRoberts sailed with the Royal Victoria Yacht Club and qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics. During the 2016 Summer Paralympics, Gay and McRoberts won a silver medal at the SKUD 18 – 2 person keelboats. In recognition of their efforts, the couple was the recipient of the Rolex Sailor of the Year and Sail Canada Sailor of the Month.
References
External links
Living people
1962 births
Paralympic silver medalists for Canada
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Canadian female sailors (sport)
Paralympic sailors of Canada
South African emigrants to Canada
Canadian amputees
In Croatia, the driving licence (Croatian: vozačka dozvola) is a type of licence granted by the government to citizens who request it, provided they satisfy certain requirements. The licence permits holders to drive motorised vehicles on public roads.
Until 2013, the Croatian driving licence had a pink booklet format, which was common in Europe at the time. A separate booklet was required for each vehicle category endorsement. This was before the European Parliament adopted the Directive 2006/126/EC of the European Commission, which mandated the creation of a single European driving licence. Since 2013, Croatian driving licences are issued in an EU-standard, credit-card-style format. Only one card is required per licence holder as it contains information on all vehicle categories that the holder is allowed to operate. Old (pre-2013) licences remain to be valid until their expiry, or until year 2033, whichever comes sooner.
The licence for any category can be obtained after finishing driving school and passing a two-stage test, the theory test and the road test, which test the prospective driver's knowledge of the rules of the road including the speed limits in Croatia.
The minimum age to obtain a Croatian driving licence varies; for cars, it is 18 years, but the young drivers are only allowed to drive under a stricter regime until the age of 24; for some motorcycles it is 24, or 20 after two years of probation with another motorcycle licence.
See also
European driving licence
Vehicle registration plates of Croatia
Croatian identity card
Croatian passport
References
Croatia
Road transport in Croatia
Rosenthal Seamount () is a seamount in the Weddell Sea named for Alfred Rosenthal (1828–1882), a German captain and shipowner. Rosenthal helped to finance and coordinate Eduard Dallmann's Antarctic voyages.
Background
The seamount's name was proposed by Dr. Heinrich Hinze, Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research, Bremerhaven, Germany. The name was ame approved in June 1997 (ACUF 271). The minimal depth is 2770m.
References
Seamounts of the Southern Ocean
NBCA may refer to:
Narrow Burst Cutting Area
National Basketball Coaches Association, union representing NBA coaches
National Biodiversity Conservation Area
n-Butyl cyanoacrylate
New Braunfels Christian Academy
New Brunswick Court of Appeal
New Brunswick Curling Association
Nuneaton and Bedworth Community Association
Hopelessly Lost () is a 1973 Soviet adventure comedy directed by Georgiy Daneliya based on Mark Twain's 1884 novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Cinematography by Vadim Yusov. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Roman Madyanov as Huck
Vladimir Basov as Huck's father
Feliks Imokuede as Jim
Vladimir Ivashov as Colonel Sherborne
Vakhtang Kikabidze as Duke
Yevgeny Leonov as King
Irina Popova
Ivan Ryzhov
Natalya Sayko
Irina Skobtseva
Veriko Verulashvili
See also
List of films featuring slavery
References
External links
1973 films
Soviet adventure comedy films
Russian adventure comedy films
1970s adventure comedy films
Mosfilm films
Films directed by Georgiy Daneliya
Films based on Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
1970s Russian-language films
1973 comedy films
Arthur John MacLean (6 July 1858 – 24 February 1943) was an Anglican bishop in the later decades of the 19th century and first four of the 20th century.
Maclean was born into an ecclesiastical family. Their father, the Rev Arthur J. Macleane (he later dropped the final "e" from the surname), began a career in the East India Company before returning to England, obtaining a degree from Trinity College, Cambridge, being ordained and securing appointment as inaugural Principal of Brighton College (1846–51). They held two subsequent headships and was editor of various Classical texts, especially Horace and Juvenal.
Maclean was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge. They were ordained in 1882 and they were head of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Assyrian Mission from 1886 to 1891 and then Rector of Portree. In 1882 they became Dean of Argyll and The Isles and after this was Rector of Selkirk before a spell as Principal of the Scottish Episcopal Theological College and then a nearly 40 years episcopacy as Bishop of Moray, Ross and Caithness. Late in their life they were additionally elected Primus of the Scottish Episcopal Church. An eminent author, they died on 24 February 1943.
Writings
Grammar of the Dialects of Vernacular Syriac, 1895
Dictionary of the Dialects of Vernacular Syriac, 1901
The Ancient Church Orders, 1910
The Didache, 1922
References
Sources
J.F.Coakley. The Church of the East and the Church of England:a history of the Archbishop of Canterbury's Assyrian Mission, Oxford, 1992.
1858 births
1943 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of King's College, Cambridge
Deans of Argyll and The Isles
Bishops of Moray, Ross and Caithness
20th-century Scottish Episcopalian bishops
Primuses of the Scottish Episcopal Church
20th-century Anglican archbishops
Landkreditt Bank AS is a Norwegian commercial bank aimed explicitly at the agricultural sector. The bank only offers its products online, and has no branch offices. It is owned by one of 13 agricultural cooperatives in Norway, Landkreditt. Total equity is NOK 4.6 billion.
Traditionally Landkreditt only offered credit to the agricultural sector, but since 2002 the company has also expanded into other financial services like insurance, mutual funds and mortgages. The owning company is the cooperative Landkreditt BA while the banking itself is performed by Landkreditt Bank AS.
Banks of Norway
Companies based in Oslo
Banks established in 2002
Norwegian companies established in 2002
Joseph Wayne Pittman (January 1, 1953 – June 13, 2014) was a backup infielder/outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Houston Astros, San Diego Padres and San Francisco Giants in parts of three seasons spanning 1981–1984. Listed at , , Pittman batted and threw right handed. They were dubbed 'Shoes'.
Born in Houston, Texas, Pittman was selected by the Astros in the 5th round of the 1975 MLB Draft out of Southern University and A&M College in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. They debuted professionally for their Double-A Columbus Astros club late in the year.
In between, they played winter baseball with the Cardenales de Lara and Navegantes de Magallanes clubs of the Venezuelan League. They then won the Senior Professional Baseball Association championship with the St. Petersburg Pelicans in its 1989 inaugural season.
Following their playing retirement, Pittman coached in the minors and also served as an scout for the Astros organization.
In June 2014, Pittman was working a construction job in Freeport, Texas, when they suddenly collapsed. Immediate attempts to revive them were unsuccessful. They died in Lake Jackson, Texas, at the age of 61.
References
External links
Baseball Gauge
BR Bullpen biography
Retrosheet
1953 births
2014 deaths
African-American baseball players
Baseball players from Houston
Cardenales de Lara players
Charleston Charlies players
Cocoa Astros players
Columbus Astros players
Houston Astros players
Houston Astros scouts
Las Vegas Stars (baseball) players
Major League Baseball infielders
Major League Baseball outfielders
Minor league baseball coaches
Nashville Sounds players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Phoenix Giants players
San Diego Padres players
San Francisco Giants players
Southern Jaguars baseball players
Southern University alumni
St. Petersburg Pelicans players
Tucson Toros players
Winter Haven Super Sox players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Stan McQuay (born July 12, 1973 in Yokosuka, Japan) is a professional bodybuilder and business person, known for their appearances in muscle championships and as the founder of Physique Inc., a bodybuilding coaching company.
Early life
Born in Yokosuka, Japan in 1977 to a Japanese mother and Irish father, Stan McQuay moved to the United States with their family at an early age, living first in Illinois before settling in Van Nuys, California. Growing up in the San Fernando Valley, Stan spent most of their time in the weight room, a means to an end for competing in American football and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
McQuay built up a criminal record in their late teenage years, and they were sentenced to 12 months of community service for their involvement in a murder, for which their arrest was in front of their peers at school. Their accomplice was sentenced to jail time for the murder. They cite this moment as what influenced them to be more careful with the law.
Career
McQuay founded Physique, Inc., in 2006 after winning the NPC Nationals bodybuilding competition, advertising their business as "the go-to platform for the person seeking expert guidance and accountability" with "the best trainers industry". McQuay additionally claims to have appeared on Discovery Channel, Fox, and ESPN, and have trained numerous personalities in the entertainment industry, including Dr. Dre, Xzibit, and Vin Diesel, as well as various unnamed National Football League and Major League Baseball players.
Murder of Gavin Smith
Subpoenaed for testimony before a Los Angeles County grand jury, Stan McQuay was called to testify under oath regarding their involvement in the assault and murder of Fox Film executive Gavin Smith, having aided and abetted in the impromptu storage and concealment of Smith's stolen vehicle, for one week from the night of the murder, in their own garage, affording their gym buddy John Creech, a convicted drug dealer having just murdered Smith in the front seat of Smith's Mercedes-Benz E420, time sufficient to remove and discard Smith's body, and arrange for the bloodied vehicle's clandestine storage at a long-term storage facility in Simi Valley.
Personal Life
McQuay's eldest daughter, Tati, is an actor, dancer, and social media influencer.
See also
List of male professional bodybuilders
List of female professional bodybuilders
References
McGlashan, Lara. Stan the Man's Six-Pack Plan. Muscle and Fitness, June 2003.
External links
Official Facebook Page
Muscle Memory Page
Official Instagram Page
1973 births
American people of Irish descent
Living people
Professional bodybuilders
People from Yokosuka, Kanagawa
Japanese emigrants to the United States
St Francis is an undated and unfinished oil on canvas painting attributed to Bernardo Strozzi. It is housed in the parish church in Campagnola Cremasca.
It has similarities to other paintings of Francis of Assisi by Strozzi now held in Genoa (Palazzo Bianco, Palazzo Rosso and Rubinacci collection) and the Pinacoteca di Siena. Its attribution to Strozzi originated with Cesare Alpini, but the artist's uncertain chronology means it is impossible to date it more precisely than their mature post-Mannerist period.
References
Paintings by Bernardo Strozzi
Strozzi
Paintings in the Province of Cremona
17th-century paintings
Unfinished paintings
A flag flying day is a day, when it is decreed, either officially or by tradition, that the national flag should be hoisted by every official agency in the country and private citizens and corporations are also recommended to fly the national flag, thus for those days neither leaving the flag staff empty nor using their own family or corporate flags. There may also be flagged flying days observed for some provincial flags.
As opposed to the Flag Day, of which there is usually only one in each country in the year and on which the flag itself is celebrated, there are a number of flag flying days in a country during the year, celebrating different national holidays or other national festive days.
For flag flying days in different countries, see
Flag flying days in Estonia
Flag flying days in Finland
Flag flying days in Germany
Flag flying days in Lithuania
Flag flying days in Mexico
Flag flying days in the Netherlands
Flag flying days in Norway
Flag flying days in Sweden
Flag flying days in the United Kingdom
Flag flying days in the United States
References
See also
Dance of Flags, Israeli celebration
Flag Day
Flags
Flag practices
Observances
O'Connor Peak () is a mountain peak, 675 m, standing west of Long Point on Barff Peninsula, South Georgia. Charted by a Norwegian Antarctic Expedition, 1927–28, and named Mount Bryde. Recharted by DI in 1929 and named after Midshipman W. P. O'Connor, Royal Navy Reserve, who assisted with the survey.
Mountains of Antarctica
Sean Young (born 20 April 2001) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Pacific FC.
Early life
Young was born in Victoria, British Columbia. At youth level, they played for Pacific Coast Soccer League side Vancouver Island Wave, winning the provincial title at the U16 level in 2017.
Club career
Victoria Highlanders Reserves
In 2018, Young played for Victoria Highlanders Reserves in the Pacific Coast Soccer League, scoring one goal and helping the team to a second place finish in the league table. They played in both PCSL cup games losing in the final to Vancouver United.
Westcastle United
In winter 2018–19, Young played for Vancouver Island Soccer League side Westcastle United, helping the club win the 2019 Jackson Cup.
Victoria Highlanders
On 23 April 2019, Young signed with the Victoria Highlanders first team. They made twelve appearances that season and scored a goal against Portland Timbers U23s on 19 May 2019.
Pacific FC
On 23 July 2020, Young signed their first professional contract with their hometown club, Canadian Premier League side Pacific FC. In October 2020 Young re-signed with Pacific for the 2021 season.
Honours
Club
Pacific FC
Canadian Premier League: 2021
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Canadian soccer players
Soccer players from Victoria, British Columbia
Victoria Highlanders players
Pacific FC players
Pacific Coast Soccer League players
USL League Two players
Canadian Premier League players
Monte Coglians (Friulian: Coliàns; ) is the highest mountain of the Carnic Alps, on the border between Italy (province of Udine) and Austria (Carinthia), west of the Monte Croce Carnico pass (Plöcken Pass). With its elevation of , it is the highest peak of the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy and of the Carnic and Gailtal Alps.
Monte Coglians is characterised by karst topography.
References
Related articles
List of Italian regions by highest point
External links
Monte Coglians on Hribi.net
Monte Coglians on Hike.uno
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Carinthia (state)
Mountains of Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Friuli
Austria–Italy border
International mountains of Europe
Two-thousanders of Austria
Carnic Alps
Two-thousanders of Italy
Highest points of Italian regions
HBTU (2-(1H-benzotriazol-1-yl)-1,1,3,3-tetramethyluronium hexafluorophosphate, Hexafluorophosphate Benzotriazole Tetramethyl Uronium) is a coupling reagent used in solid phase peptide synthesis. It was introduced in 1978 and shows resistance against racemization. It is used because of its mild activating properties.
The product obtained by reaction of HOBt with tetramethyl chloro uronium salt (TMUCl) was assigned to a uronium type structure, presumably by analogy with the corresponding phosphonium salts, which bear a positive carbon atom instead of the phosphonium residue. Later, it was shown by X-ray analysis that salts crystallize as aminium rather than the corresponding uronium salts.
Mechanism
HBTU activates carboxylic acids by forming a stabilized HOBt (Hydroxybenzotriazole) leaving group. The activated intermediate species attacked by the amine during aminolysis is the HOBt ester.
To create the HOBt ester, the carboxyl group of the acid attacks the imide carbonyl carbon of HBTU. Subsequently, the displaced anionic benzotriazole N-oxide attacks of the acid carbonyl, giving the tetramethyl urea byproduct and the activated ester. Aminolysis displaces the benzotriazole N-oxide to form the desired amide.
See also
EDC
HATU
BOP reagent
PyBOP
PyAOP reagent
References
Hexafluorophosphates
Peptide coupling reagents
Benzotriazoles
Dimethylamino compounds
The Białystok Department (German: Kammerdepartement Bialystok, Polish:Departament białostocki) was part of the New East Prussia Province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1795 to 1807. It was created out of territory annexed in the Third Partition of Poland and included parts of Podlaskie.
Geography
The Białystok Department encompassed territory between East Prussia and the Bug River and Neman river.
Administrative Subdivisions
The Department consisted of the following Counties
Bialystok
Bielsk
Bobrz
Dombrowa
Drohiczyn
Kalwary
Lomza
Mariampol
Surasz
Wygry
Government regions of Prussia
Obulapuram is a village in Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh, India. It has one iron ore mine.
References
Villages in Anantapur district
Terminous is a census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California. Terminous sits at an elevation of below sea level. It is located on the Terminous Tract, an island of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta. The 2010 United States census reported Terminous's population as 381.
Terminous was named from its location at the "terminus" of a road.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of 1.0 square miles (2.5 km), all of it land.
Demographics
At the 2010 census Terminous had a population of 381. The population density was . The racial makeup of Terminous was 338 (88.7%) Caucasian, 2 (0.5%) African American, 6 (1.6%) Native American, 7 (1.8%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 13 (3.4%) from other races, and 15 (3.9%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 40 people (10.5%).
The whole population lived in households, no one lived in non-institutionalized group quarters and no one was institutionalized.
There were 182 households, 25 (13.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 92 (50.5%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 15 (8.2%) had a female householder with no husband present, 7 (3.8%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 15 (8.2%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 4 (2.2%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 50 households (27.5%) were one person and 23 (12.6%) had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.09. There were 114 families (62.6% of households); the average family size was 2.50.
The age distribution was 34 people (8.9%) under the age of 18, 23 people (6.0%) aged 18 to 24, 41 people (10.8%) aged 25 to 44, 131 people (34.4%) aged 45 to 64, and 152 people (39.9%) who were 65 or older. The median age was 60.3 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.5 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.7 males.
There were 206 housing units at an average density of 210.8 per square mile, of the occupied units 155 (85.2%) were owner-occupied and 27 (14.8%) were rented. The homeowner vacancy rate was 3.7%; the rental vacancy rate was 22.9%. 306 people (80.3% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 75 people (19.7%) lived in rental housing units.
References
Census-designated places in San Joaquin County, California
Census-designated places in California
Utopia is a genus of longhorn beetles in the tribe Cerambycini, erected by J. Thomson, 1864.
This appears to be a monotypic genus containing the species Utopia castelnaudi J. Thomson, 1864, which occurs in Borneo and Sumatra.
References
External links
Cerambycidae genera
Beetles of Asia
Cerambycini
David Dennis Buckingham, (born 6 October 1954) is a media, communications and education scholar and retired academic.
Career
David Dennis Buckingham was born on 6 October 1954. They completed their undergraduate studies at Clare College, Cambridge, graduating in 1975. They worked at the Inner London Education Authority from 1978 to 1984, during which time they also completed film studies master's degree at the Polytechnic of Central London (in 1982). In 1984, they joined the Institute of Education as a lecturer, and completed a doctorate there in 1993 (awarded for their thesis "The development of television literacy: talk, text and context"). Three years later, they were promoted to a readership at the institute, and in 1999 was promoted again to Professor of Education. They remained in that post until taking up a professorship at Loughborough University in 2012; they retired in 2014 and was appointed an emeritus fellow at Loughborough.
According to their university profile, Buckingham specialises in "children's and young people's interactions with electronic media, and on media literacy education"; their British Academy profile adds that they maintain interests in "media use, civic participation, consumerism, youth culture, sexuality, media literacy, media regulation, identity".
Honours and awards
Buckingham was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences (FAcSS) in 2011, and four years later they were also elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy of the humanities and social sciences.
Selected publications
(Editor) Reading Audiences: Young People and the Media (Manchester University Press, 1993).
Children Talking Television: The Making of Television Literacy (Falmer, 1993).
Moving Images: Understanding Children's Emotional Responses to Television (Manchester University Press, 1996).
The Making of Citizens: Young People, News and Politics (Routledge, 2000).
After the Death of Childhood: Growing up in the Age of Electronic Media (Open University Press, 2000).
Media Education: Literacy, Learning and Contemporary Culture (Polity Press, 2003).
Beyond Technology: Children's Learning in the Age of Digital Culture (Wiley, 2007).
The Material Child: Growing Up in Consumer Culture (Wiley, 2011).
References
1954 births
Living people
Alumni of Clare College, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Westminster
Alumni of the UCL Institute of Education
Academics of the UCL Institute of Education
Academics of Loughborough University
Fellows of the British Academy
Fellows of the Academy of Social Sciences
Mass media scholars
Communication scholars
British educational theorists
The Chicago Freeze was a Tier II junior A ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's West Division. The team was originally the Detroit Freeze until it relocated to a Chicago suburb of Geneva. The Chicago Freeze played out of the Fox Valley Ice Arena, which later became home to the Chicago Hitmen of the NAHL.
Regular season
Notable alumni
Craig Anderson , goaltender: 1998–99 season
Jason Bacashihua , goaltender: - 1999–2000 and 2000–01 seasons
Chris Conner, right wing: 2000–01 and 2001–02 seasons
George Parros, right wing: 1998–99 season
John Scott, defenseman: 2001–02 season
References
External links
Official website of the NAHL
Official website of Fox Valley Ice Arena
Defunct North American Hockey League teams
Freeze
Ice hockey clubs established in 1997
Ice hockey clubs disestablished in 2003
Ávalos is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Cristiano Ávalos dos Passos (born 1977), Brazilian footballer
Enrique Tovar Ávalos, Mexican film director
Fernando Horácio Ávalos (born 1978), Argentine footballer
José Vicente Rangel Ávalos, the mayor of Sucre Municipality in Venezuela
Juan de Ávalos (1911-2006), Spanish sculptor
John Avalos (born 1964), American politician
Jorge Ramos Ávalos (born 1958), Mexican-American journalist and author.
Luis Ávalos (1946–2014), Cuban actor
The d'Avalos were prominent in Renaissance Italy :
Fernando d'Avalos (1489-1525), 5th Marquess of Pescara, won the Battle of Pavia
Alfonso d'Avalos (1502-1546), Italian condottiero and 6th Marquess of Pescara
Francesco Ferdinando d'Ávalos (1530–1571), 7th Marquess of Pescara
Spanish-language surnames
William Blundell Spence (13 January 1814 – 23 January 1900) was an English painter and art dealer.
Born in Drypool, Yorkshire, to noted entomologist William Spence and their wife Elizabeth Blundell, they spent the years 1826-1832 travelling abroad with their parents. In 1836 they settled in Florence, Italy, where they spent the rest of their life.
As a painter, they specialized, mainly painting Alpine landscapes. At the 1870 Exhibition of Fine Arts in Parma, they exhibited an oil: Bagni of Lucca. Among other works are Dallo Porte Sante and La pensierosa. At Florence, in 1882: Veduta della Marina. In 1885, in the same city: Veduta del Chalet Plauta.
Though not themselves an entomologist, they joined the Entomological Society of London at its founding in 1833, and was noted as its longest-surviving original member.
References
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English art dealers
1814 births
1900 deaths
19th-century English businesspeople
19th-century English male artists
English expatriates in Italy
Ithu Manushyano is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Thomas Berly. The film stars Sheela, KPAC Lalitha, Adoor Bhasi and K. P. Ummer in the lead roles. The film had musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
Cast
Sheela
KPAC Lalitha
Adoor Bhasi
K. P. Ummer
Sarojam
Supriya (Fatafat Jayalaxmi)
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. K. Arjunan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Katrin the Thrill (Katerina Panopoulou) is a singer-songwriter from Athens, Greece.
Early career
At the age of 17, they started creating music as a singer with some friends. When the band broke up they got themselves an electric guitar and started writing their own songs. In 2001, they moved to Manchester, England to study music. Two years later, they returned to Greece and teamed up with Guitarist Gina Dimakopoulou, violinist Katerina Michailidi, bassist Iakovos Siaparinas, drummer Dimitris Panagiotopoulos and formed the band Dementia Praecox. After many live performances in Greece, they broke up the band and moved to London, England to further their studies. During their stay in London, they performed live in several pubs, singing their songs unplugged.
Solo career
In 2007, under the name Katrin the Thrill, they participated in the Coca-Cola Sounwave music contest, and won a place among the best music acts. Them song If You Believe in Dreams was included in the Music on the coke side of life compilation. For the next two years they performed in Greece in various music stages and festivals, among them, Terra Vibe Park, Gagarin 205, Vrachon Theater, European Music Day, Bios, Athens Gay Pride, Festival Against Racism, Indie Free Festival and shared the stage with Electrelane, Manic Street Preachers, Greg Dulli and Chinawoman. In 2009, following the devastating fires that swept through Greece, as well as many other places around the world, the concept for Earth is calling us EP was devised, and the need to take action and help reforestation was fully realized.
Recent activity
In 2010, the Earth is calling us EP was released by Incense, as their first solo project dedicated to the earth and the environment. Them song You make me wanna die was voted for the MWR Alternative Top Charts and their EP was considered as one of the best indie rock Greek releases of the year 2010.
Discography
Earth is calling us EP (2010)
Evil Eye Charm (2012)
Compilation albums
Music on the coke side of life (2007)
www.elliniki-skini.gr (2011)
The Indie Side of Music Vol II (2014)
References
European Music Day (Retrieved: 20 July 2009)
Skintzas, George (27 February 2011) Vima newspaper
Kanelopoulos, Dimitris (20 January 2011) e-tetradio
Papanikolaou, Nikos (17 January 2011) Music Corner
Yupi.gr (Retrieved: 14 January 2011)
Lucas Vasilis interview (Retrieved: 23 February 2011)
Milatos, Makis (24 February 2011) Athens Voice -the podcast-
Lukas, Vasilis (6 March 2011) Espresso newspaper interview
Dailymotion.com (17 February 2010)
External links
Katrinthethrill.com – Official website
Incense: Katrin the Thrill
Livanis: Katrin the Thrill
Greek rock singers
Greek singer-songwriters
Greek rock guitarists
Indie rock musicians
Alternative rock guitarists
Alternative rock singers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women guitarists
Musicians from Athens
Singers from Athens
Stenopsestis alternata is a moth in the family Drepanidae. It is found in Sikkim in India, Nepal, Myanmar, Thailand, and the Chinese provinces of Gansu, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Sichuan, Yunnan and Tibet.
The forewings are pale metallic cupreous brown, crossed by a broad basal, a median, and two narrow submarginal greenish-grey indistinct bands. There are some black basal spots, an antemedian and postmedian transverse black sinuous line and black and white streaks externally along the veins. The hindwings and abdomen are pale cupreous brown.
References
Moths described in 1881
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
Planina () is a village in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
Geography
Planina includes the hamlets of Gornja Planina (in older sources Gorenja Planina, ),, Dolnja Planina (in older sources Dolenja Planina, ), and Grič in the main settlement; Pod Gradom () and Kačja Vas (or Kačje Ride) to the southwest; and Malni (in older sources Malini, ) and Hasberg (in older sources Planinski Grad, ) to the south. The hamlet of Mačkovec (a.k.a. Planinski vrh, ), formerly considered belonging to Planina, is now part of neighboring Postojna.
Name
Planina was attested in written sources in 1300 as Mounç in foro (and as Renç miles de Albinus in 1321, czu der Alben in 1333, and pey der Albn in 1341). The Slovenian name of the settlement is derived from the common noun planina 'treeless mountain; mountain pasture', referring to the local geography and semantically corresponding to Middle High German albe in the medieval transcriptions of the name.
History
The Planina area was already settled in prehistoric times, along a trade route from Šmihel pod Nanosom to Vrhnika. The hill with ruins of Haasberg Castle has the remains of prehistoric and Roman-era fortifications, and graves dating to the Bronze Age and Roman era have been excavated on a hill slope closer to Unec. Medieval Planina developed around a castle belonging to the lords of Alben (). A toll house belonging to the Counts of Gorizia was attested in Planina in 1217. As a town, Planina was granted the right to a market day every Saturday and an annual fair on Saint Margaret's Day. The town was later under the control of the Haller and Eggenberg noble families. By the 17th century, Planina had developed into an important trade connection between Carniola and the Adriatic, with routes connecting it to Pivka, Cerknica, and Logatec. A major postal station was established in Planina in 1728, and a road to Trieste was laid through the town in 1830.
In the early 19th century an amadou factory was established in Planina and it exported its products throughout Europe. A district court was established in Planina in 1867 (and transferred to Logatec in 1875). After the First World War, the Treaty of Rapallo split the town: the hamlet of Kačja Vas, the source of the Unica River (at the mouth of Planina Cave), the Ravbar Tower of Little Castle, and Haasberg Castle lay on the Italian side of the border.
During the Second World War, the Partisan Dolomite Detachment was active in the area. The Partisans destroyed an Italian outpost near Planina on 17 May 1943, and then burned Haasberg Castle on 27 March 1944, resulting in the loss of all the castle's furnishings. The Partisans also burned the Windischgrätz archive and destroyed the nearby family crypt and castle park.
Mass grave
Planina is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Liplje Cave Mass Grave () is located on the slope of Mount Planina (), northeast of the peak. It contains the remains of undetermined victims based on skeletal remains discovered by spelunkers.
Churches
The parish church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Margaret and belongs to the Ljubljana Archdiocese. It is a Baroque church that was built at the site of an older predecessor in 1771. Another church stands in Gornja Planina and is dedicated to Saint Roch. It was built in the Baroque style in 1763. The chancel was painted in 1852 by Franz Kurz zum Thurn und Goldenstein. There are a number of churches near the village belonging to the same parish. Holy Cross Church is built next to the cemetery north of the village. A church dedicated to Mary Refuge of Sinners stands on a hill northwest of the village.
Notable people
Notable people that were born or lived in Planina include:
Gallery
References
External links
Planina webpage
Planina on Geopedia (map, aerial view)
Planina on Google Maps (map, photographs, street view)
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
The Narmada Valley dry deciduous forests are a tropical dry forest ecoregion of central India. The ecoregion lies mostly in Madhya Pradesh state, but extends into portions of Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh states.
Setting
The Narmada Valley dry deciduous forests cover an area of of the lower Narmada River Valley and the surrounding uplands of the Vindhya Range to the north and the western end of the Satpura Range to the south. The Narmada Valley is an east-west flat-bottomed valley, or graben, that separates the two plateaus. The Vindhya Range separates the valley from the Malwa plateau and Bundelkhand upland to the north. The Satpura Range reaches a height of 1,300m and encloses the valley on the south separating it from the Deccan plateau. The ecoregion includes the western portion of the Satpuras, and also extends to the southeast along the eastern flank of the Western Ghats' range. The uplands of this ecoregion are the northern limits of the Indian peninsula.
Rainfall in the ecoregion is highly seasonal; a seven- to eight-month dry season is followed by the June-to-September southwest monsoon, which brings 1,200–1,500 mm of rainfall in an average year. Many trees lose their leaves during the long dry season to conserve moisture.
The ecoregion lies between moister forests to the northeast, southeast, and southwest, which receive greater rainfall from the southeast monsoon, and the drier forests and scrublands of the Deccan to the south and Malwa and Gujarat to the west and northwest. The lowland Upper Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests lie to the northeast, on the alluvial plain of the Ganges River and its tributaries below the eastern Vindhyas and the Bundelkhand upland. The Chota-Nagpur dry deciduous forests lie on the Chota Nagpur plateau to the east. The Eastern highlands moist deciduous forests, which receive more annual moisture from the Bay of Bengal, lie to the southeast. To the southwest, along the spine of the Western Ghats range, lie the wetter North Western Ghats moist deciduous forests, which receive more moisture from the southwest monsoon winds off the Arabian Sea.
To the south, the Deccan Plateau of Maharashtra lies in the rain shadow of the Western Ghats, and is home to the Central Deccan Plateau dry deciduous forests of Vidarbha and the drier Deccan thorn scrub forests of Kandesh. The Khathiar-Gir dry deciduous forests cover most Malwa to the northwest and the lowlands of Gujarat to the west.
Flora
The natural vegetation of the region is a three-tiered forest adapted to the monsoon and dry season climate. The forests typically have an upper canopy at 15–25 meters, a 10–15 meter understory of smaller trees and large shrubs, and a 3–4 meter undergrowth. Teak (Tectona grandis) is the dominant canopy tree, in association with coromandel ebony (Diospyros melanoxylon), dhaora (Anogeissus latifolia), Lagerstroemia parviflora, Terminalia tomentosa, Lannea coromandelica, Hardwickia binata, and Boswellia serrata.
Riparian areas along the regions rivers and streams, which receive year-round water, are home to moist evergreen forests, whose dominant tree species are Terminalia arjuna, Syzygium cumini, Syzygium heyneanum, Salix tetrasperma, Homonoia riparia, and Vitex negundo.
Fauna
The ecoregion is home to 76 species of mammals, none of which are endemic, although several of which, including the Bengal tiger (Panthera tigris tigris), along with gaur (Bos gaurus), packs of dholes or Asiatic wild dog (Cuon alpinus), sloth bear (Melursus ursinus), chousingha (Tetracerus quadricornis), and blackbuck (Antilope cervicapra), are threatened.
The ecoregion is home to 276 bird species, none of which are endemic. Large threatened birds include the lesser florican (Eupodotis indica) and Indian bustard (Ardeotis nigriceps).
Conservation
This area is densely populated and only about 30% of the ecoregion is covered in relatively intact vegetation, but this does include some large blocks of habitat in the amarkantak, Vindhya and Satpura ranges which are important for the preservation of the tiger.
Protected areas
As of 1997, about 5% of the ecoregion (7,500 km²) lies within protected areas, the largest of which are Melghat Tiger Reserve and Nauradehi Wildlife Sanctuary while others include Bandhavgarh, Panna, and Sanjay national parks. Plans to dam the Narmada River will impact on the wildlife of the ecoregion.
Aner Dam Wildlife Sanctuary, Dhule district, Maharashtra (70 km²)
Bagdara Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (540 km²)
Bandhavgarh National Park , Umaria district, Madhya Pradesh (360 km²)
Achanakmar Wildlife Sanctuary, Bilaspur District, Chhattisgarh (305 km²
Kheoni Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (80 km²)
Nauradehi Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (1,380 km²)
Melghat Tiger Reserve, Amravati district, Maharashtra. Includes Melghat Wildlife Sanctuary (1,490 km²) and Gugamal National Park (1974 km²)
Panna National Park, Panna and Chhatarpur districts, Madhya Pradesh (820 km²)
Panpatha Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (300 km²)
Ratapani Tiger Reserve, Madhya Pradesh (490 km²)
Sanjay-Dubri Tiger Reserve (831 km²), which includes Sanjay National Park, Chhattisgarh, and Dubri Wildlife Sanctuary.
Sardarpur Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (120 km²)
Singhori Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (220 km²)
Son Gharial Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh (210 km²)
Yawal Wildlife Sanctuary, Jalgaon district, Maharashtra (100 km²)
See also
Ecoregions of India
References
External links
Official Website of NVDA - Narmada Valley Development Authority
Ecoregions of India
Environment of Maharashtra
Environment of Uttar Pradesh
Flora of Madhya Pradesh
Forests of India
Geography of Chhattisgarh
Geography of Madhya Pradesh
Geography of Malwa
Indomalayan ecoregions
Narmada River
Tropical and subtropical dry broadleaf forests
Craig Lapsley is a former senior public servant in Australia who provided active service to the Victorian Country Fire Authority, the New South Wales Fire Brigades, the Victoria State Emergency Service, and Emergency Management Victoria. Lapsley served as the inaugural Emergency Management Commissioner of Emergency Management Victoria between July 2014 until August 2018, with overall responsibility for coordination before, during and after major emergencies including management of consequences of an emergency.
Career
Lapsley served approximately 30-years in Australian emergency management, mostly with the Victorian Country Fire Authority (CFA) including service as a volunteer firefighter. Lapsley finished their employment with CFA in August 2007, ranked as Deputy Chief Officer. During their service with the CFA, in 1996 Lapsley was seconded to NSW Fire Brigades in the position of Manager State Operations for two years. They were also seconded to Victoria State Emergency Service (SES) in 2005 to transform the SES from a government department to a newly formed statutory authority.
In 2007, they were appointed Director Emergency Management, Health and Human Services and was responsible for the health sector emergency response to major incidents including mass casualty, pre-hospital (ambulance) and hospital surge capability. This extended to the state coordination and management of recovery arrangements for all emergencies, including recovery efforts after the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires.
In 2010, Lapsley was appointed as Victoria's first and only Fire Services Commissioner.
As Victoria's first Emergency Management Commissioner, appointed under the Emergency Management Act 2013, Lapsley worked on the shift to an “all communities, all emergencies” approach to emergency management will ensure a systematic and coordinated approach before, during and after major emergencies. They were also focussed on opportunities for the alignment of strategy, planning and investment across multiple agencies, to champion unified information systems, a culture of information sharing, and a sharp and deliberate focus on better decision making with the community as a central partner in emergency management.
In 2018, Lapsley stepped down as Victoria's Emergency Management Commissioner. They were succeeded by Andrew Crisp, from Victoria Police.
Patronage and other activities
Chief Patron of Road Rescue Association Victoria
Committee member of National Emergency Services Advisory Committee of the Australian Red Cross
Director with the Victorian Emergency Services Foundation
Bushfire and Natural Hazards Cooperative Research Centre (CRC)
Patron of SARDA (Search and Rescue Dog Association), the Bendigo Football Netball League and the Central Victorian Fire Preservation Society
References
Commissioners of Victoria
Emergency management in Australia
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sergio Luque is a composer of vocal, instrumental and electroacoustic music. Their work often involves computer-aided algorithmic composition and stochastic processes.
Their music has been performed by the Birmingham Contemporary Music Group, Les Jeunes Solistes, Garth Knox, the Nieuw Ensemble and the Schönberg Ensemble, among others, and has been presented in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, France, Switzerland, Austria, Spain, the United States, Mexico, Cuba, El Salvador, Chile, Argentina, Japan and Australia.
They have a PhD in Musical Composition from the University of Birmingham, where they studied with Jonty Harrison and Scott Wilson, and was a member of BEAST (Birmingham ElectroAcoustic Sound Theatre). During their PhD, they worked on the development of stochastic synthesis, a synthesis technique invented by Iannis Xenakis.
In 2006, they received a master's degree with Distinction in Sonology from the Institute of Sonology at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague, studying with Paul Berg and Kees Tazelaar. In 2004, they received a master's degree in Composition from the Conservatory of Rotterdam, studying with Klaas de Vries and René Uijlenhoet. They have a bachelor's degree in Composition from the Musical Studies and Research Centre (CIEM, Mexico).
External links
Official site
Sergio Luque. "The Stochastic Synthesis of Iannis Xenakis," Leonardo Music Journal 19 (2009): 77-84
References
21st-century classical composers
Mexican classical composers
Musicians from Mexico City
Living people
Royal Conservatory of The Hague alumni
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Mexican male classical composers
21st-century male musicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Hall Road rail accident occurred at 16:37 on 27 July 1905 at Hall Road station between Bootle and Formby north of Liverpool, operated at the time by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. The 16:30 Liverpool Exchange to Southport express collided with a local train which had departed Liverpool ten minutes earlier, and which was to be turned round at Hall Road. The empty local train had been shunted into a siding to allow the express to pass; according to the official report, the points failed to close properly and the signalman was unable to clear the signal for the express. They then worked the points back and forth three times and, unable to clear the signal, waved a green flag to the driver. Unfortunately they had left the points set for the siding and the express was diverted into it and struck the rear of the local train, killing 20 people in the front coach of the express after telescoping occurred. Both drivers survived, having jumped clear prior to the impact.
Sources
Disasters in and around the Crosby, Waterloo and Nth Liverpool area
External links
Eyewitness accounts
Official Report Railway Archive, accessed 28 July 2012
Railway accidents in 1905
1905 in England
Accidents and incidents involving Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway
History of Liverpool
1905 disasters in the United Kingdom
July 1905 events
Train collisions in England
Railway accidents and incidents in Merseyside
Rennick is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dave Rennick (born 1983), Australian musician
Gerard Rennick (born 1970), Australian politician
Rennick Bay, in Antarctica
Rennick Glacier, in Antarctica
Rennick Névé, in Antarctica
See also
Diana Rennik (born 1985), Estonian figure skater
Rennicks, surname
Victoria Bridge in Bath, England, was built in 1836 across the River Avon. The bridge has been recognised as a Grade II* listed building.
Victoria Bridge is an important example of a suspension bridge which initially carried horses and carts but later carried cyclists and pedestrians.
Construction
Victoria Bridge is a Dredge taper bridge, a type which modern viewers often see as a hybrid between a suspension bridge and a cable-stayed bridge, built by Motley and Dredge. It has a span of with the chains slung from Bath stone towers. The road deck is joined to the chains by iron eyebars, which, unusually, are not vertical. James Dredge who was a brewer in Bath designed the bridge to carry beer from their brewery across the river without using a ferry or having to detour through the city centre. Construction cost £1,760. They patented the 'taper principle' based on using chains rather than cables, as it is now more common in suspension bridges. Dredge's bridge design was considered "a very significant yet relatively short-lived phase in suspension bridge development".
The main span chains of Victoria Bridge have 155 links each of which is long and supports two wrought iron hangers. The deck is made of wooden planks.
Initially the bridge was used for horse-drawn carts but later only carried bicycles and pedestrians.
Closure and restoration
In October 2010 the bridge was closed to users, because of concerns about the safety of the beams and cables. This caused criticism from cycling groups in the city. It was reopened later in October 2010, but then closed again.
Further inspections were carried out by a structural engineer in September 2011.
In November 2011 the tow-path was closed and then the navigation itself was closed to all boats.
The bridge was listed on the Heritage at Risk Register.
Restoration costs were estimated at £3 million in 2011. Emergency work to prop up either side of the bridge and apply temporary strapping took place in November 2011. Full restoration work was originally planned to be completed by the winter of 2013.
Work on restoring the bridge started in 2014, and an internal structure was fitted to render both the bridge and the canal usable during restorations. The bridge was taken apart and rebuilt with additional steel reinforcing, and repainted dark green. It officially reopened on 15 January 2015.
References
Bridges in Somerset
Road bridges in England
Grade II* listed buildings in Bath, Somerset
Grade II* listed bridges in England
Cable-stayed bridges in England
Structures on the Heritage at Risk register in Somerset
Bridges across the River Avon, Bristol
Bridges by James Dredge
1836 establishments in England
Niamh Coyle is a camogie player, winner of a Soaring Star award in 2009. The Soaring Star and Roscommon player of the year awards for 2009 commemorated their achievement in helping Roscommon achieve a historic victory in the (junior) Nancy Murray Cup, coming from five points down to defeat Armagh in the final by three points. They won a Roscommon intermediate football title in 2008 with Four Roads.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Roscommon camogie players
Philippe Hervé (born 16 April 1959) is a French water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
French male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of France
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Le Havre
Heterolebes is a genus of trematodes in the family Opecoelidae.
Species
Heterolebes buckleyi (Gupta, 1968) Cribb, 2005
Heterolebes diodonti Parukhin, 1970
Heterolebes dongshanensis Liu, 1999
Heterolebes immaculosus Ku & Shen, 1965
Heterolebes maculosus Ozaki, 1935
Heterolebes sinensis Gu & Shen, 1979
Heterolebes spindalis Gupta, 1968
Heterolebes yamagutii Manter & Pritchard, 1962
References
Opecoelidae
Plagiorchiida genera
Gulf Stream Council is a council of the Boy Scouts of America in southeast Florida with the headquarters in Palm Beach Gardens. Founded in 1914, the Gulf Stream Council serves Scouts in Palm Beach, Martin, St. Lucie, Indian River, Okeechobee, Glades and Hendry counties. Throughout its area, it serves over 24,000 youth.
Organization
A district is a small area within a council of the Boy Scouts of America. The Gulf Stream Council currently has six Districts. All of the districts in the Gulf Stream Council have an associated Order of the Arrow chapter as part of Aal-pa-tah Lodge.
Big Lake District
Big Lake District, formerly known as Okeechobee District, serves Scouts in Glades, Hendry, and Okeechobee, as well as western Palm Beach County. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Big Lake District is known as Panasofee.
Everglades District
Everglades District serves Scouts from southern Palm Beach County from Southern Blvd south to the Broward County Line. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Everglades District is Abaniki.
Indian River District
Indian River District serves Scouts throughout Indian River County. The Order of the Arrow chapter of Indian River District is called
Lowaneumawat.
Lighthouse District
Lighthouse District is a district that serves Scouts in north Palm Beach County from Southern Blvd to the Martin County border. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Lighthouse District is Wyhome-Pa-Tah.
Sailfish District
Sailfish District serves Scouts throughout Martin County. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Sailfish District is Nekiwa.
Sailfish District maintains a website (located at sailfishdistrict.org) where local Scout units and Scouters can be found, as well as information regarding district events.
Treasure Coast District
Treasure Coast District serves Scouts throughout St. Lucie County. The Order of the Arrow chapter associated with Treasure Coast District is Oiyatah.
Inactive districts
Seminole District
Manatee District was a district that served Scouts in Lake Worth and Boynton Beach in Palm Beach County. However, Manatee District merged with Osceola and Trade Winds District in May 2009. Manatee District also had an Order of the Arrow chapter which was called Coowachobee.
Tradewinds District served Scouts from forest hill blvd to 45th street split in August 2013. Its southern half merged with Osceola and formed Everglades District and its Northern half joined Lighthouse District. It also had an Order of the Arrow Chapter call Chee-Pa-Tah.
Osceola District merged with the southern half of Tradewinds District in August 2013 to form Everglades District
Camps
The Gulf Stream Council has three camps, ranging in size from to just a few acres. There is also Scout Hill, which is a small area in Palm Beach County, however, it is not completely owned by the Gulf Stream Council.
Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation
Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation or usually Tanah Keeta, is the main and largest campground of the Gulf Stream Council. Tanah Keeta is a word in Hitchiti, which translates in English to, "the gathering place". Along with the adjacent Jonathan Dickinson State Park, it was originally a part of Camp Murphy, a World War II Army Camp. It is about in size. In addition, Tanah Keeta is adjacent a Girl Scout camp, called Camp Welaka. Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation is divided roughly in half into two camps, Camp Loxahatchee and Camp Clear Lake. A summer camp program has been held at Tanah Keeta in June and July since the summer of 1957. The property was deeded to the Gulf Stream Council in 1953.
Tanah Keeta Grace
May this food nourish our bodies, May life give us a smile, May the adventure always be with us, and may Tanah Keeta remain in our hearts all the while. Amen
Camp Loxahatchee
Camp Loxahatchee is on the western half of Tanah Keeta. It is more utilized than Camp Clear Lake, as it includes the Dining Hall, the Pool, COPE, the Climbing Tower, the Trading Post, and more campsites than Camp Clear Lake. The name is derived from the Loxahatchee River, which is adjacent to the camp.
Camp Clear Lake
Clear Lake covers the eastern half of Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation. Camp Clear Lake is a mostly primitive type campground, as opposed to Camp Loxahatchee. The title of Camp "Clear Lake" is derived from a small lake in the southeastern corner of Tanah Keeta, which has the name "Clear Lake". In 1957 the first summer camp at Tanah Keeta was held in Camp Clear Lake.
The Mike Machek Trail
The Mike Machek Trail is a 5.2 mile self-guided trail in the heart of Tanah Keeta. Within the one mile area of camp can be found almost every kind of topographical feature indictive to South Florida. This trail travels through them all. Originally developed by its founder Clayton Jones in 1984, they spent 3 and a half years planning the trail. The trail opened for use in the Fall of 1988. Currently the trail is maintained by various units and most construction projects are conducted by the Order of the Arrow Trail Care Crew.
Oklawaha Scout Reservation
Oklawaha Scout Reservation is also known as Oklawaha, but sometimes referred to as OK, is a site in Sebastian, Indian River County, on the banks of the Oklawaha River. Donated by Anna Vern Smith in memory of their husband Claude in 1953, Oklawaha is a scrub oak flatland which includes a swimming area, canoe launch into the river, amphitheater, large meeting/dining hall pavilion, archery/BB range and chapel.
Camp Dark Hammock
Camp Dark Hammock is leased by the Gulf Stream Council to provide a Florida wilderness camping for Troops, Crews, or Explorer Posts only. It is located northeast of Okeechobee in Okeechobee County.
Scout Hill
Scout Hill is a small area of the John Prince Memorial Park Campground in Lake Worth, Florida. It was known as Camp Osborne until about 1952. In 1952 most of Camp Osborne was sold to Palm Beach County to create the campground of John Prince Memorial Park. The small area that remained was renamed "Scout Hill".
Aal-pa-tah Lodge
Aal-Pa-Tah Lodge #237 is the Order of the Arrow lodge associated with the Gulf Stream Council. The lodge building is located in Tanah Keeta Scout Reservation in Tequesta, Florida. Aal-pa-tah is one of seven OA lodges in Section S-4, which covers a majority of Florida and southern Georgia. The word "Aal-Pa-Tah" is word from the Leni Lenape language that translates to Alligator in English.
History
The lodge was founded 1942 during World War II; then from 1945 to 1947, on the list of lodge chiefs says "WWII". There were only two or three chapters when Aal-pa-tah was founded in 1942. Aal-pa-tah Lodge held the title as the best all around lodge in 2008, 2009, 2012, and 2016.
Section S-4 Events
Aal-pa-tah has hosted a number of Section S-4 events. Aal-pa-tah Lodge has hosted section conference for Section S-4 in 1953, 1962, 1972, 1981, 1988, 1997, 2004, 2011, and will host in 2019. The lodge also hosted section seminars in 2000 and 2008 and is scheduled to host a revamped seminar entitled Section Leadership Summit or (SLS) in 2014.
Chapters
As mentioned above each district has an OA Chapter. Lodges usually divide into chapters which will usually corresponding to districts within the council. The chapter is led by the elected youth chapter chief, a volunteer adult is appointed as the adviser and the district executive is the professional (staff) adviser. The following names are the names of Aal-pa-tah's Chapters:
Wyhome-pa-tah is the chapter of Lighthouse District.
Panasofee is the chapter of Okeechobee District.[3]
Abaniki is the chapter of Everglades District.[15]
Nekiwa is the chapter of Sailfish District.[16]
Oiyatah is the chapter of Treasure Coast District
Lowaneu Mawat is the chapter of Indian River District
Defunct Chapters
Coo-wa-chobee was the OA Chapter of Manatee District until 2009. In 2009 it merged with Abaniki and Cheepatah Chapters, because the Manatee District split and merged with the Osceola and Trade Winds Districts. Coowachobee was awarded the best chapter all around award for 2008. Chee-pa-tah was the chapter of Tradewinds District until 2013 when the District split and merged with Osceola and Lighthouse.
See also
Scouting in Florida
References
External links
Trade Winds District website
Lowaneumawat Chapter website
Abaniki Chapter website
Nekiwa Chapter website
Cheepatah Chapter website
Oiyatah Chapter website
Aal-pa-tah Website
Gulf Stream Council website
Local councils of the Boy Scouts of America
Southern Region (Boy Scouts of America)
Youth organizations based in Florida
1914 establishments in Florida
Silent running is a stealth mode of operation for naval submarines. The aim is to evade discovery by passive sonar by eliminating superfluous noise: nonessential systems are shut down, the crew is urged to rest and refrain from making any unnecessary sound, and speed is greatly reduced to minimize propeller noise. The protocol has been in use since the latter part of World War I, when hydrophones were invented to detect U-boats.
The propellers have a characteristic RPM band in which no cavitation noise arises. Since this rotation speed is usually relatively low, the first electric submarines had special "silent running" engines designed for optimum performance at reduced speed. These required less active cooling (further reducing noise), and were generally equipped with plain bearings rather than ball bearings. These engines were also acoustically decoupled from the hull, as they employed belt transmission rather than direct coupling to the propeller shaft.
Nuclear submarines can run even more quietly, at very low speeds only, by turning off active reactor cooling during silent running. The reactor is then only cooled by natural convection of the water.
See also
Acoustic signature
Acoustic quieting
Anti-submarine warfare
References
Submarines
David Rundqvist (born January 13, 1993) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Leksands IF in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).
Rundqvist made their Elitserien debut playing with Färjestad BK during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Bofors IK players
Djurgårdens IF Hockey players
Frölunda HC players
Leksands IF players
Modo Hockey players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
IF Troja/Ljungby players
Sportspeople from Karlstad
Parking is a French fantasy and musical film from 1985. It was directed and written by Jacques Demy, starring Francis Huster, Laurent Malet, and Jean Marais.
Synopsis
The Orpheus myth repeats itself in the 20th century, paying tribute to Jean Cocteau's film classic Orphée (1950) by having the actor who played Orpheus appears as Hades.
Orpheus is a famous pop singer who composes love songs for Eurydice, their wife and sculptress who also designs their album covers; together they live alongside Aristée, their manager, and Calaïs, their sound engineer and lover, in a castle. During one of their concerts, an electrical malfunction briefly kills them and sends them to the Underworld, represented by a metro station and parking garage. Orpheus meets Charon, Hades, and Persephone, who agree to send them back to Earth as long as they don't reveal what they see. Back on Earth, Persephone being sent to spy on Orpheus causes rifts between them and their lovers, as Calaïs admits to being jealous of Eurydice while Eurydice feels threatened by Persephone's attention. Meanwhile, Eurydice trades Orpheus concert tickets in exchange for drugs supplied by Dominique Daniel; they and Orpheus have a violent argument over their drug usage and Eurydice refuses to attend their upcoming concert as a result.
As Orpheus wrestles with their lost muse and additional love for Calaïs, Orpheus finds that Eurydice has died of a drug overdose during their show. After failed attempts to get to the Underworld on their own, Persephone takes Orpheus to a cemetery to descend to the Underworld and ask for Eurydice back. Hades agrees, but imposes the condition that they not look at Eurydice until they've both reached the exit; to circumvent this, Orpheus ties their tourniquet around their eyes. Eurydice stops for a break and they make love at one of Hades' motels. As the walk continues, Orpheus removes the tourniquet to avoid falling, but a speeding car makes them turn around and lose Eurydice, sending them back to Earth. At their final showstopping performance, dedicated to Eurydice, they are murdered by Dominique Daniel, who was denied their concert tickets. Orpheus reunites with their love in death.
Cast
Francis Huster as Orpheus
Laurent Malet as Calaïs
Keiko Itô as Eurydice
Gérard Klein as Aristée
Marie-France Pisier as Claude Perséphone
Jean Marais as Hades
Hugues Quester as Caron
Éva Darlan as Dominique Daniel
Annick Alane as Luciennne
Marion Game as the costumer
Jean Amos as Clément
References
External links
Parking (1985) at Films de France
1980s fantasy films
1985 films
Films directed by Jacques Demy
French drama films
French fantasy films
1980s musical drama films
1985 romantic drama films
1980s French-language films
1980s romantic musical films
Films scored by Michel Legrand
Orpheus
1980s French films
