The Frozen Ark is a charitable frozen zoo project created jointly by the Zoological Society of London, the Natural History Museum and University of Nottingham. The project aims to preserve the DNA and living cells of endangered species to retain the genetic knowledge for the future. The Frozen Ark collects and stores samples taken from animals in zoos and those threatened with extinction in the wild. Its current director is Michael W. Bruford (Cardiff University). The Frozen Ark was a finalist for the Saatchi & Saatchi Award for World Changing Ideas in 2006.
The project was founded by Ann Clarke, their husband Bryan Clarke and Dame Anne McLaren. Since Bryan Clarke′s death in 2014, the Frozen Ark′s interim director has been Mike Bruford.
References
External links
A video on the Frozen Ark
Conservation projects
Cryobiology
Zoology
Zoological Society of London
Biorepositories
Rare breed conservation
Natural History Museum, London
University of Nottingham
ar:إعادة تدوير الأجهزة التي يتعامل معها العملاء في المتجر
Hugh Francis Brophy (1829 – 11 June 1919) was a leading Fenian and staunch supporter of Irish independence. They were convicted for their part in a plot to overthrow the tyranny of the British and was sentenced to penal servitude. This sentence was later commuted to transportation to Australia.
Early life
Brophy was likely born in Maryborough, now Portlaoise, the main city of what was then Queens County, now County Laois, Ireland. They were the son of Thomas Brophy and Bridget Traynor.
Introduction to Fenianism
Brophy became more involved in the Fenian movement after they were introduced to the fenian leader Jeremiah O'Donovan Rossa.
Conviction and transportation
Brophy was convicted at the Dublin Assizes and sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. They spent some time in the Richmond (Bridewell) and Grangegorman remand prisons as well as Kilmainham Gaol, along with O'Donovan. The sentence of treason and felony was subsequently commuted to transportation to a penal colony in Western Australia. In October 1867, along with more than 60 other Fenians, including O'Donovan, Cornelius O'Mahony and Joseph Nunan they set sail on board the Hougoumont. This ship was to be the last to transport convicts to Australia. The voyage was a relatively peaceful one, monotony being one of the major concerns, and the ship docked at Fremantle on 9 January 1868.
Life in Australia
Following their pardon in 1869 Brophy remained in Western Australia and was involved in the building of the first bridge across the Swan River and went into partnership with Joseph Nunan.
Later life
In April 1873, after moving to Victoria the previous year, Brophy married Margaret Freaney at the old St Mary's church in West Melbourne. They established their home in Carlton North and Brophy found work at their old trade. Together they had several children; Thomas, Bernard, Frank, Joseph, Michael, Sarah Ann and John, who died in infancy. Hugh Brophy continued their work in the building and construction industry and acted as the Clerk of Works during the construction of the new St Marys church around 1900.
Brophy became a member of several groups including the United Irish League and the Melbourne Celtic Club. They went on to become one of the founders of the Irish National League in Melbourne and supporter of the local Irish community before their death in 1919 aged 90 years. A fine monument of local stone was erected over their grave in the Melbourne General Cemetery which now includes other family members.
Cultural References
Hugh Brophy's picture from Mountjoy Prison is used in the label of 19 Crimes Shiraz 2017 wine bottle, from wine producer in Nuriootpa, South Australia. The label celebrates the criminals turned into colonists, the "rules they broke and the culture they built".
References
External links
Convict record
Members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood
1829 births
1919 deaths
Prisoners and detainees of Ireland
Burials at Melbourne General Cemetery
People from Portlaoise
Quiz Master is an Australian game show series aired on the Seven Network in 2002. It was hosted by Simon Reeve.
Gameplay
Four contestants, already renowned for their mastery of the question/answer format, challenge each other for the title of QuizMaster and a potential prize pool of $1,000,000.
There are essentially two components to the show. The first part involves five rounds of questions and answers, where contestants buzz in to give their response. (NOTE: The rules for each round differ slightly)
Round 1
All contestants compete with each other to score the most points within the time limit. A correct answer results in the addition of 10 points to the score, an incorrect answer locks that player out for the next question.
Round 2: (Round of Team Play)
Each contestant, starting with the highest scorer, is allowed to choose a partner of their choice to work together in building a sizeable score, Each player take turns at answering questions, each time a player answers correctly, both teammates pick up 10 points. However, if a player answers incorrectly, then they must answer a further question correctly before passing onto their colleague.
Round 3: (Round of Point Steal)
Plays exactly as Round 1, except that a contestant who answers correctly nominates an opposing player to take 10 points from to add to their own score.
Round 4: (Round of Isolation)
Each contestant in turn chooses one other player to "isolate" . that player must play alone for 60 seconds against the other 3 players who work in a team. If one of the team members answers incorrectly, all team members are locked out. At the end of the round, the player with the lowest score is excluded from becoming QuizMaster, but can still influence the final result in Round 5.
Round 5
Plays exactly like Round 3. However, the eliminated player from Round 4 is still permitted to answer questions and may distribute any points he/she earns to the player of their choice. the player with the highest score at the end of the round plays for the title of "QuizMaster".
The Second component sees the highest scorer attempting to answer 5 out of 10 questions to achieve the title of "QuizMaster". They nominate one of the other players to help them in their quest. In each show, $250,000 is added to the prize pool. The questions in this section of the show are extremely difficult but do not have time limits. the highest scorer attempts to answer each question in turn. If they don't know the answer, they can ask their partner to answer the question in their place. However, if that partner is called upon; that player can claim $50,000 from the prize pool for each question correctly answered. The prize pool is only handed out and the highest scorer named "QuizMaster" if 5 or more questions are answered correctly, otherwise; the pool jackpots into the next show. a successful "QuizMaster" is allowed to contest the next show and potentially pick up the entire prize pool of $1,000,000.
International versions
References
Seven Network original programming
2000s Australian game shows
2002 Australian television series debuts
2002 Australian television series endings
Pavel Vyacheslavovich Gusterin (Russian: Павел Вячеславович Густерин; born April 16, 1972) is a Russian orientalist.
Education
Pavel Gusterin is a graduate of the Tver State University (Department of History; 1994), the Institute of Asian and African Countries at the Moscow State University named after Mikhail Vasilyevich Lomonosov (Department of Arab Studies; 2001), and the Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation (Department of International relations; 2011).
Biography
Pavel Gusterin was born on 16 April 1972 in Kimry, the Tver region, Russia.
In 2001—2003, they were an editor of the Publishing house «Восточная литература» (“Oriental Literature”) at the Russian Academy of Sciences.
After returning from their business trip to Yemen (2003—2005) they published a number of articles in the journals «Азия и Африка сегодня» (“Asia and Africa Today”), «Вопросы истории» (“Historical Issues”), «Высшее образование сегодня» (“Higher Education Today”), «Дипломатическая служба» (“Diplomatic Service”), «Исламоведение» (“Islamic Studies”), «Мир музея» (“World of Museum”), «Новая и новейшая история» (“New and Contemporary History”), «Православный Палестинский сборник» (“Orthodox Palestine Collection”), “Al-Moutawasset”, etc., as well as the reference book «Йеменская Республика и её города» (“Republic of Yemen and Its Towns”, Moscow, 2006), the encyclopaedic reference book «Города Арабского Востока» (“Towns of Arab East”, Moscow, 2007), and collection of essays "Первый российский востоковед Дмитрий Кантемир / First Russian Orientalist Dmitry Kantemir" (Moscow, 2008), etc.
In 2006—2013, they were a researcher of the Centre for Arab and Islamic Studies of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Since 2013, they are a researcher of the Centre for Asian and Middle-East Studies of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies.
Selected bibliography
Йеменская республика и её города. М., 2006.
Города Арабского Востока. М., 2007.
Первый российский востоковед Дмитрий Кантемир / First Russian Orientalist Dmitry Kantemir. М., 2008.
Советская разведка на Ближнем и Среднем Востоке в 1920—30-х годах. Саарбрюккен, 2014.
The Middle East: Past and Present. Part 1. Saarbrücken, 2015.
References
About the Author. — In: P. V. Gusterin. First Russian Orientalist Dmitry Kantemir. Moscow, 2008, p. 110.
1972 births
Living people
Moscow State University faculty
Moscow State University alumni
Historians of the Middle East
Russian Arabists
Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation alumni
Non-Muslim scholars of Islam
Russian orientalists
21st-century Russian historians
Russian historians of espionage
Tver State University alumni
The Crooked River is a river in the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, beginning at Summit Lake and the community of the same name, flowing north into McLeod Lake. It is part of the drainage area of the Pack River, via the McLeod River north from McLeod Lake and which feeds Lake Williston, and therefore also part of the Peace River basin and in the Arctic Ocean drainage. South of its source at Summit Lake is the drainage basin of the Fraser River, and so of the Pacific Ocean. Crooked River Provincial Park is located close its course, on Bear Lake just south of the community of Bear Lake.
The Crooked River is known to contain at least 39 species of caddisflies (Trichoptera), several of which were the first records of their species for British Columbia.
References
Rivers of British Columbia
Cariboo Land District
Mount Fitzgerald is a volcanic peak in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located east of Rivers Inlet and east of Mount Silverthrone.
Mount Fitzgerald lies on the northern rim of a circular volcanic depression in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains called the Silverthrone Caldera.
See also
List of volcanoes in Canada
Volcanology of Canada
Volcanology of Western Canada
References
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Volcanoes of British Columbia
Pacific Ranges
The 12163/12164 Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus - Chennai Central Superfast Express is a Superfast Express train belonging to Indian Railways - Central Railways zone that runs between Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and Chennai Central in India. Its terminal was changed in both directions from Dadar to Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and to Chennai Central from Chennai Egmore.
It operates as train number 12163 from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus to Chennai Central and as train number 12164 in the reverse direction serving the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. The train is scheduled to leave from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus from 1 July 2020 and will arrive next day to Chennai Central.
Coaches
As with most train services in India, Coach Composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.
Coach composition (Downward - 12163)
The train consists of:
1 AC Two Tiers
4 AC Three Tier coaches
10 Sleeper Class
3 General Unreserved
1 AC Hot Buffet Car (Pantry)
1 High Capacity Parcel Van (HCPV)
1 End On Generator
1 SLR
Service
The 12163/64 Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus - Chennai Central Superfast Express covers the distance of 1261 kilometres in 21 hours 35 mins as 12163 Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus - Chennai Central Superfast Express (58 km/hr) & 1261 kilometres in 21 hrs 20 mins as 12164 Chennai Central - Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Superfast Express (59 km/hr).
As the average speed of the train is above 55 km/hr, as per Indian Railways rules, its fare includes a superfast surcharge.
Routing
The 12163/64 Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus - Chennai Central Superfast Express runs via Khandala railway station, Pune Junction, Solapur Junction, Adoni, Guntakal Junction, Renigunta Junction to Chennai Central.
Traction
The 12163/64 Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus - Chennai Central Superfast Express is hauled by WAP 7 of KYN, RPM, LGD or ED shed throughout its journey.
Timings
12163 Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus - Chennai Central Superfast Express leaves Lokmanya Tilak Terminus on a daily basis at 18:45 hrs IST and reaches Chennai Central at 16:20 hrs IST the next day.
12164 Chennai Central - Mumbai Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Superfast Express leaves Chennai Central on a daily basis at 18:20 hrs IST and reaches Lokmanya Tilak Terminus at 15:40 hrs IST the next day.
No Rake Sharing. It has its own dedicated two sets of highly refurbished LHB rakes maintained by Central Railway.
External links
References
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Karnataka
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Rail transport in Maharashtra
Transport in Mumbai
Transport in Chennai
Lynn Lonidier (April 22, 1937 – May 18, 1993) was an American writer.
Literary career
Lonidier published five collections of poetry including Po Tree (1967), The Female Freeway (1970), A Lesbian Estate (1977), Clitoris Lost: A Woman's Version of the Creation Myth (1989). They also published three broadsides. Janine Canan edited their posthumous collection of poetry.
References
1937 births
1993 deaths
Writers from Oregon
People from Lakeview, Oregon
American women poets
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American people
Kur or Kür is the surname of the following people:
Bob Kur (born 1948), American television journalist
Camilla Kur Larsen (born 1989), Danish association football player
İsmet Kür (1916–2013), Turkish educator, journalist, columnist and writer
Pınar Kür (born 1943), Turkish author and dramatist
Stanisław Kur (born 1929), Polish biblical scholar and Roman Catholic priest
Håkon Grjotgardsson (Old Norse: Hákon Grjótgarðsson) (c. 860–870 – c. 900–920) was the first Earl of Lade and an ally of Harald Fairhair, King of Norway.
Biography
Nicknamed Håkon the Rich (Hákon jarl hinn riki) and Håkon the old (Hákon jarl hinn gamli), they were the son and heir of Grjotgard Herlaugsson Lade. They succeeded their father as ruler of the petty kingdom of Trøndelag. Their daughter Åsa, married Harald Fairhair and was the mother of Guttorm Haraldsson and Halfdan Haraldsson. Håkon was also the father of Sigurd Håkonsson, who was the father of Haakon Sigurdsson.
Håkon had their residence at Ørlandet at the mouth of the Trondheimsfjord. The exact extent of their control over the area is not confirmed. Håkon sought to extend their kingdom southwards. Harald Fairhair advanced across the mountains of Eastern Norway to subjugate Trøndelag. After some fighting, Håkon and Harald entered a union of joint forces. Håkon was made earl of Sunnfjord and Nordfjord. They took up residence in the area of Lade gaard in Trondheim.
After Harald Fairhair conquered Møre and Fjordane, they assigned the governance of the former to Rognvald Eysteinsson and the latter to Håkon. Atle Mjove continued to govern Sogn. Hákon and Atle Mjove soon came into conflict over Sogn and fought the Battle of Fjaler, in which Hakon was killed. Atle Mjove was severely wounded in the battle and taken to Atløy where they also died.
Primary Source
The primary source of information regarding Håkon Grjotgardsson comes from Harald Haarfagres saga composed by Snorre Sturlasson.
References
Other sources
Forte, Angelo; Oram, Richard; Pedersen, Frederik (2005) Viking Empires (Cambridge University Press)
Stenersen, Øyvind; Libæk, Ivar (2003) The History of Norway (Lysaker: Forlaget Historie og Kultur)
Thuesen, Nils Petter (2011) Norges historie (Oslo: Forlaget Historie og Kultur)
Related reading
Sawyer, Peter, ed., (2001) The Oxford Illustrated History of the Vikings (Oxford University Press)
9th-century births
10th-century deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death uncertain
Norwegian earls
Norwegian petty kings
Ladejarl dynasty
9th-century rulers in Europe
People from Ørland
Zinc finger protein 497 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ZNF497 gene.
References
Further reading
Assumption Abbey, also known as the Abbey of Our Lady of the Assumption, is a community of monks of the Cistercian Order of the Strict Observance, popularly known as Trappists.
The Abbey, is located in Douglas County some twenty miles southeast of the small town of Ava, seventy-five miles southeast of Springfield, Missouri.
History
The monks first came to Ava, Missouri from New Melleray Abbey in Iowa in 1950 to establish the monastic life here. Assumption Abbey is popular for its fruitcakes. The fruitcake recipe they use was developed in its bakery, with the help of world class chef Jean-Pierre Augé, who at one time served in the royal employ of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor.
References
External links
Assumption Abbey Official Web Site
Catholic Church in Missouri
Christian organizations established in 1950
1950 establishments in Missouri
Trappist monasteries in the United States
Donald Watson (1910–2005) was an English animal rights advocate and founder of the Vegan Society.
Donald or Don Watson may also refer to:
Donald Watson (rugby union) (1872–1958), English-born New Zealand rugby union player
Donald "Monk" Watson (1894–1981), American vaudeville performer
Donald Watson (artist) (1918–2005), Scottish ornithologist and wildlife artist
Don Watson (born 1949), Australian author
Don Watson (Australian footballer) (1905–1948), Australian rules footballer
Don Watson (English footballer) (born 1932), English football inside forward
Don Alonzo Watson (1807–1892), American business person and philanthropist, helped found Western Union
See also
Watson (surname)
Sir Edward Charles Kayll Ollivant (1846–1915) was a senior member of the Indian Civil Service. They had notable interactions with both Mahatma Gandhi and Muhammed Ali Jinnah.
Ollivant arrived in India in 1881. In 1892, they had a disagreement in Rajkot with Gandhi, who was then a young barrister. The incident resulted in Gandhi being pushed out of a room, and ill feelings about this dispute were apparently a factor in Gandhi's departure for South Africa in 1893.
Ollivant also offered to hire Muhammed Ali Jinnah at 1,500 rupees per month, and was notably turned down.
Ollivant was a judicial member of the Council of the Governor of Bombay until April 1902, and a director of the Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway. They were knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire (KCIE) in 1892.
See also
Henry Northcote, 1st Baron Northcote, Governor of Bombay (1900–1903)
Notes
Indian Civil Service (British India) officers
Knights Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire
1846 births
Year of death missing
Members of the Bombay Legislative Council
The Wonderful Tune is an Irish fairy tale collected in Thomas Crofton Croker's Fairy Tales and Traditions of the South of Ireland (1825–28). Andrew Lang included it in The Lilac Fairy Book, and
Ruth Manning-Sanders included it as "The Magical Tune", in A Book of Mermaids.
Synopsis
Maurice Connor, a blind man, was the finest piper in Munster, and knew a tune that when they played, it forced everyone to dance. One day at a wedding by the sea, they drank a great deal of whiskey, and foolishly began to play that tune. Everyone, and every creature down to the crabs, scallops and oysters, began to dance. A mermaid came dancing up out of the sea and persuaded them to marry them and live in the sea. They promised their old mother to send, every year, a piece of burned wood to Trafraska to show they were alive and well.
Their mother died soon after the wedding, but the piece of burned wood drifted ashore every year for more than a century.
Translations
Wilhelm Grimm's prepared the German translation Die wunderbare Melodie, but was excluded from Irische Elfenmärchen which was the translation of Croker's work. It was later edited using the manuscript copy, and printed in Irische Land- und Seemärchen (1986). The protagonist appears as "Moritz Connor".
A French translation entitled "L'air merveilleux" appeared in Loys Bruyere, Contes populaires de la Grande-Bretagne (1875).
References
Citations
Bibliography
Irish fairy tales
Irish folklore
Fictional musicians
E. M. Laird Airplane Company was an American aircraft manufacturer of commercial aircraft and custom race planes.
History
Wichita Airplane Company
Emil Matthew Laird partnered with the founders of the Wichita Airplane Company to build a new commercial biplane aircraft in 1920. The E.M Laird Company built 45 Swallow aircraft of this design. The company turned down an offer to move to Monmouth, Illinois in 1922. E.M Laird sold all rights on 27 September 1923 to J. M Mollendick, and formed a new company, the E. M. Laird Airplane Company based out of Chicago. The original E. M. Laird Company then became the Swallow Airplane Company, retaining brother Charles Laird. Charles Laird concurrently started a short lived aircraft company named Laird Aircraft Corporation, publicly known as Whipporwhill in order to differentiate themselves from Emil.
E.M. Laird Aircraft
The E.M. Laird Aircraft company returned to Laird's hometown, building facilities at Ashburn Field, in Ashburn, Chicago. By 1928, Laird's aircraft had reached a level quality and competition, that the Stout Metal Airplane Division of the Ford Motor Company offered to hire Laird, and purchase all the assets of their company.
Aircraft
References
External links
Laird, Laird-Swallow, Laird-Turner – Aerofiles
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
USS Canandaigua (IX-233), an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Canandaigua, New York.
History
Canadaigua, an auxiliary schooner, was designed by William H. Hand, Jr., and built at East Boothbay, Maine. Them owner in 1942 was Hobart Ford of Norwalk and Bridgeport, Connecticut. The Coast Guard acquired them later in 1942, designated their CG-81006, and used them on offshore patrol duty in the 3rd Naval District from 2 November 1942 to 30 October 1945.
A Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) dispatch of 20 September 1945 authorized the Commander of the 3rd Naval District to accept CG-81006 from the Coast Guard for permanent transfer to the Navy. A CNO letter of 9 October 45, approved by the Secretary of the Navy on 15 October 1945, changed the classification of CG-81006 to IX-233 and name them CANANDAIGUA. They were transferred by the Coast Guard on 30 October 1945, was placed in service the next day, and assigned to the Underwater Sound Laboratory at New London, Connecticut. They foundered there on 22 November 1945 due to hull damage inflicted alongside their pier during a northeaster gale and was considered a total loss. They were placed out of service in January 1946 and sold for scrap on 31 October 1946.
References
Canandaiga
1945 ships
Maritime incidents in November 1945
Steindachnerina elegans is a fish species in the genus Steindachnerina found in rivers in Bahia and Minas Gerais, Brazil.
References
External links
FishBase December 2012
Curimatidae
Fish of South America
Fauna of Brazil
Fish described in 1875
Taxa named by Franz Steindachner
This is a list of schools in Central Bedfordshire, a unitary authority in the English county of Bedfordshire.
State-funded schools
Primary and lower schools
Ardley Hill Academy, Dunstable
Ashton St Peters CE Primary School, Dunstable
Aspley Guise Lower School, Aspley Guise
Beaudesert Lower School, Leighton Buzzard
Beecroft Academy, Dunstable
Biggleswade Academy, Biggleswade
Caddington Village School, Caddington
Caldecote CE Academy, Upper Caldecote
Campton Academy, Campton
Chalton Lower School, Chalton
Clifton All Saints Academy Clifton
Clipstone Brook Lower School, Leighton Buzzard
Cranfield CE Academy, Cranfield
Derwent Lower School, Henlow
Dovery Academy, Leighton Buzzard
Dunstable Icknield Lower School, Dunstable
Dunton CE Lower School, Dunton
Eaton Bray Academy, Eaton Bray
Eversholt Lower School, Eversholt
Everton Heath Primary School, Everton
Fairfield Park Lower School, Fairfield
The Firs Lower School, Ampthill
Flitwick Lower School, Flitwick
Gothic Mede Academy, Arlesey
Gravenhurst Academy, Gravenhurst
Greenfield and Pulloxhill Academy, Greenfield/Pulloxhill
Greenleas School, Leighton Buzzard
Hadrian Academy, Dunstable
Harlington Lower School, Harlington
Hawthorn Park Community Primary, Houghton Regis
Haynes Lower School, Haynes
Heathwood Lower School, Leighton Buzzard
Hockliffe Lower School, Hockliffe
Houghton Conquest Lower School, Houghton Conquest
Houghton Regis Primary School, Houghton Regis
Husborne Crawley Lower School, Husborne Crawley
John Donne CE Primary School, Blunham
Kensworth CE Academy, Kensworth
Kingsmoor Lower School, Flitwick
Laburnum Primary School, Sandy
Lancot School, Dunstable
Langford Village Academy, Langford
Lark Rise Academy, Dunstable
Lawnside Academy, Biggleswade
Leedon Lower School, Leedon
Linslade Lower School, Linslade
Maple Tree Primary School, Sandy
Marston Moreteyne School, Marston Moreteyne
The Mary Bassett Lower School, Leighton Buzzard
Maulden Lower School, Maulden
Meppershall CE Academy, Meppershall
Moggerhanger Primary School, Moggerhanger
Northill CE Academy, Northill
Potton Lower School, Potton
Pulford CE Lower School, Leighton Buzzard
Ramsey Manor Lower School, Barton-le-Clay
Raynsford CE Academy, Henlow
Ridgmont Lower School, Ridgmont
Robert Peel Primary School, Sandy
Roecroft Lower School, Stotfold
The Rushmere Park Academy, Leighton Buzzard
Russell Lower School, Ampthill
St Andrew's CE Lower School, Biggleswade
St Augustine's Academy, Dunstable
St Christopher's Academy, Dunstable
St Leonard's VA Lower School, Heath and Reach
St Mary's CE Academy, Stotfold
St Mary's CE Lower School, Clophill
St Mary's RC Primary School, Caddington
St Swithun's CE Primary School, Sandy
St Vincent's RC Primary School, Houghton Regis
Shefford Lower School, Shefford
Shelton Lower School, Lower Shelton
Shillington Lower School, Shillington
Silsoe CE Lower School, Silsoe
Slip End Village School, Slip End
Southcott Lower School, Linslade
Southill Lower School, Southill
Stanbridge Lower School, Stanbridge
Stondon Lower School, Stondon
Studham Village CE Academy, Studham
Sundon Lower School, Sundon
Sutton CE Lower School, Sutton
Swallowfield Lower School, Woburn Sands
Templefield Lower School, Flitwick
Thomas Johnson Lower School, Lidlington
Thomas Whitehead CE Academy, Houghton Regis
Thornhill Primary School, Houghton Regis
Tithe Farm Primary School, Houghton Regis
Toddington St George CE School, Toddington
Totternhoe CE Academy, Totternhoe
The Vale Academy, Dunstable
Watling Lower School, Dunstable
Westoning Lower School, Westoning
Woburn Lower School, Woburn
Wrestlingworth CE Lower School, Wrestlingworth
Middle schools
Alameda Middle School, Ampthill
Arnold Academy, Barton-le-Clay
Biggleswade Academy, Biggleswade
Brooklands Middle School, Leighton Buzzard
Edward Peake VC CE Middle School, Biggleswade
Etonbury Academy, Arlesey
Fulbrook Middle School, Woburn Sands
Gilbert Inglefield Academy, Leighton Buzzard
Henlow CE Academy, Henlow
Holywell Middle School, Cranfield
Leighton Middle School, Leighton Buzzard
Linslade School, Linslade
Parkfields Middle School, Toddington
Pix Brook Academy, Stotfold
Potton Middle School, Potton
Priory Academy, Dunstable
Robert Bloomfield Academy, Shefford
Woodland Middle School Academy, Flitwick
Secondary and upper schools
All Saints Academy, Dunstable
Cedars Upper School, Leighton Buzzard
Etonbury Academy, Arlesey
Harlington Upper School, Harlington
Houstone School, Houghton Regis
Manshead CE Academy, Caddington
Queensbury Academy, Dunstable
Redborne Upper School and Community College, Ampthill
Samuel Whitbread Academy, Shefford
Sandy Secondary School, Sandy
Stratton Upper School, Biggleswade
Pix Brook Academy, Stotfold
Priory Academy, Dunstable
Vandyke Upper School, Leighton Buzzard
Special and alternative schools
The Academy of Central Bedfordshire, Houghton Regis
The Chiltern School, Dunstable/Houghton Regis
Ivel Valley School, Biggleswade
Oak Bank School, Leighton Buzzard
Weatherfield Academy, Dunstable
Further education
Central Bedfordshire College
Shuttleworth College
Independent schools
Primary and preparatory schools
Orchard School and Nursery, Barton-le-Clay
St George's School, Dunstable
Senior and all-through schools
OneSchool Global UK, Biggleswade
OneSchool Global UK, Dunstable
Special and alternative schools
Esland Bedford School, Silsoe
Schools in Central Bedfordshire District
Central Bedfordshire
Lists of buildings and structures in Bedfordshire
Eospinus daniltshenkoi is an extinct tetraodontid bony fish from the Eocene. Its fossils are from the Danata Formation lagerstatten of Ypresian Turkmenistan.
E. daniltshenkoi had four dorsal spines, three of which were on the anterior end of its dorsal side, and the first spine being placed between and below the eyes, almost like a long nose. It also had a pair of spines near the base of its caudal peduncle, and a spine in front of the anal fin.
In 2002, and confirmed again in 2003, Santini and Tyler erected the family Bolcabalistidae to contain both Eospinus and the Monte Bolca Bolcabalistes as close relatives of both triggerfishes and boxfishes. The similar Moclaybalistes of Thanetian Denmark was originally also placed in Bolcabalistidae, too, in 2002, but then move it into its own monotypic family of Moclaybalistidae.
See also
List of prehistoric bony fish
Spinacanthus
Protobalistum
Sources
A remarkable new genus of Tetraodontiform fish with features of both Balistids and Ostraciids from the Eocene of Turkmenistan
Tetraodontiformes
Transitional fossils
Eocene fish of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 1992
The rufous-capped spinetail (Synallaxis ruficapilla) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in the southern Atlantic Forest. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical moist montane forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
rufous-capped spinetail
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
rufous-capped spinetail
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ismi Khan Jami Mosque () is a ruined mosque of the 17–18th centuries in Bakhchysarai, Crimea. The decor felt European influences (the Baroque or classicism). It was built by an unknown Khan of the Crimean Khanate.
See also
Religion in Crimea
List of mosques in Europe
Mosques in Bakhchysarai
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Crimea
Tone Peršak (born 7 January 1947) is a Slovene writer, politician, theatre director and journalist. They were elected to the first Slovenian National Assembly in 1992. They were also president of the Slovene Writers' Association for one term between 2001 and 2003.
Peršak was born in 1947 in Ločki Vrh in eastern Slovenia. After attending secondary school in Murska Sobota and obtained a degree from the University of Ljubljana in comparative literature and a degree in theatre and radio directing from the Ljubljana Academy for Theatre, Radio, Film and Television. In 1992 they were elected to the Slovenian National Assembly on the Democratic Party of Slovenia platform. They participated in various commissions including European affairs, infrastructure and environment, culture-education-sport, and others. They were also president of the Slovene centre of International PEN. They have been mayor of Trzin since 1999.
Published works
Novelete (1981)
Prehod (1982)
Sledi (1985)
Vrh (1986)
Smer Hamburg-Altona (1988)
Ljubljanske novele (1989)
References
Slovenian writers
Living people
1947 births
Presidents of the Slovene Writers' Association
University of Ljubljana alumni
Members of the National Assembly (Slovenia)
Democratic Party of Slovenia politicians
People from the Municipality of Benedikt
Culture ministers of Slovenia
Jesse Smith (born August 8, 1989) is an American professional stock car racing driver. They have raced in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series and the ARCA Racing Series.
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Camping World Truck Series
Season still in progress
Ineligible for series points
ARCA Racing Series
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
References
External links
1989 births
NASCAR drivers
Living people
People from St. Louis County, Missouri
Racing drivers from Missouri
ARCA Menards Series drivers
The 2022 Nicholls Colonels football team represents Nicholls State University as a member of the Southland Conference during the 2022 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They are led by head coach Tim Rebowe, who is coaching their eighth season with the program. The Colonels play their home games at Manning Field at John L. Guidry Stadium in Thibodaux, Louisiana.
Preseason
Preseason poll
The Southland Conference released their preseason poll on July 20, 2022. The Colonels were picked to finish third in the conference.
Schedule
Nicholls finalized their 2022 schedule on March 3, 2022.
References
Nicholls Colonels
Nicholls Colonels football seasons
Nicholls Colonels
Batrachedra busiris is a moth in the family Batrachedridae. It is found in Florida.
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Piliyandala Central College (; ) is a selective entry mixed-gender school located in Piliyandala, Sri Lanka. It was the first government-run mixed-gender secondary school in the country, with about 3,700 students enrolled.
As a national school, it is funded by the government. Students of the college are known as Centralions and past pupils are known as Old Centralions. The school has produced many notable alumni.
College
Location
The school is mostly located in Piliyandala but also spreads towards Suwariyapola, occupying a total land area of about . "Udyana Mawatha" connects Piliyandala to the school entrance gate directly. The school is bordered by buildings from the Moratuwa-Piliyandala road to the north, School Lane to the east, and Wanigasooriya Mawatha to the west and south.
Administration
The college is funded by the Ministry of Education, which also appoints its principal. The principal is the head of the administration of the college and is assisted by the deputy principal. The college is divided into two main parts, which are the middle and high schools, each coming under the supervision of the assistant principals. The college educates around 3,700 students. A prefectorial monitoring system is used to maintain discipline among the students.
Since its establishment, the main medium of education had been Sinhalese. In 2009, English was introduced as a medium of education for the main subjects at the college. Students may select one of the two languages in which to conduct their studies in the main subjects.
Admission
Admission to the college is among the most competitive outside the Colombo city area in the Colombo district. It gets its highest number of applications for admission to grade 6 via the grade 5 scholarship examination. A number of students from all over the area are also entered to grade 12 via the G.C.E. Ordinary Level examination.
Grounds
The college sits on of land and its facilities include lecture halls, science and ICT laboratories, an auditorium, a swimming pool complex and a cricket ground. Sport plays a significant part in the college.
History
The school was first established in 1887 as the Mampe Piyarathanasara Buddhist Mix School. As time went by, the school gained so many students that Rev. Mampe Saranapala Thero decided to hand over the school to the Buddhist Theosophical Society for a more organised administration. They bought new land for the school but because of the rapid growth of the number of students, society failed to maintain the school and eventually the school was handed to the government.
In 1920, as a part of a program of the British agent of western province Mr Praiser, Piliyandala got a Public English Medium Mix School. The principal of this school was S. W. Sahabandu, and the two schools (the public English medium mix school and the Sinhalese medium mix school) were divided by a building that was shaped like a bird.
From 1920 to 1944, C. W. W. Kannangara reunited both schools and together formed Piliyandala Central College on 4 January 1944, which later on 4 March that year was converted into a Central College.
College Traditions
The College Motto
The college motto is 'Bodhetha Pabodhetha Dametha' which means 'Awareness Enlighten and Discipline' in the Pali language. These three principles are heavily followed by the Centralions. The Motto is also represented in the college flag from the tricolour vertical stripes.
The College Crest
The college crest is one of the identities of Piliyandala Central College. Even though there is no clear evidence what the college crest symbolises, Old Centralions pointed out that it shows a reflection of the sun in the ocean, and it symbolises "As the sun's reflection brings light to the great ocean, The College brings 'Awareness, Enlightenment & Discipline' to the students of the college.
Buddhism
The college has a strong bond with Buddhism as a result of being one of the first Buddhist schools in Sri Lanka.
Sports
Central College Piliyandala has a massive variety of sports when it comes to being the First National Sports School in Sri Lanka. The annual cricket match also known as the Big Match is an important part of school sports which is known as the Battle of the Salpiti-Raigam as it is a rivalry match with Taxila Central College, Horana.
Centralion's Cricket
The Battle of the Salpiti-Raigam
The 'Battle of the Salpiti-Raigam', is an annual cricket rivalry match between Central College Piliyandala and Taxila Central College Horana. This annual match is one of the most popular school big matches played outside the Colombo city area which has been played for 19 years since 2001. The big match was played for 2 days and a limited-overs match (50 overs) was also played usually in De Zoysa International Cricket Stadium, Moratuwa. Throughout the 20 years of match history, 16 matches have been drawn, Piliyandala Central College has won 3 times against Taxila Central College, Horana's none and a match ended without a result.
Houses
Each student is assigned to one of the four houses which are named after ancient Sinhala kings of Sri Lanka: Gemunu, Wijaya, Parakrama and Thissa.
Piliyandala Central and other schools
Piliyandala Central College maintains a 2-decade old rivalry with Taxila Central College, Horana as well as close ties with Prince of Wales' College, Moratuwa in the educational sector.
Although there are several schools in the Colombo district which are Central Colleges, Piliyandala Central College is the first Central College and the most popular Central College in the Colombo district.
See also
Education in Sri Lanka
Madhya Maha Vidyalaya
Free education
List of schools in Sri Lanka
References
External links
Piliyandala Central College Official Website
Provincial schools in Sri Lanka
Educational institutions established in 1887
Schools in Colombo District
National schools in Sri Lanka
1887 establishments in Ceylon
Robby Lawrence Felix (born June 3, 1986) is a former American football center. They were signed by the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2009. They played college football at Texas-El Paso.
Felix has also played for the Las Vegas Locomotives and New York Jets.
College career
Felix was a first-team All-Conference USA honoree in 2008, a third-team choice in 2006 and an honorable mention selection in 2007. They were appointed an honorable mention Freshman All-America by The Sporting News in 2005.
Professional career
Baltimore Ravens
Felix was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Baltimore Ravens on May 28, 2009. Their signing made them the 22nd UTEP player to either be drafted by an NFL team or signed as a free agent since Mike Price took over as head coach for the 2004 season. They were waived by the Ravens on September 5, as part of the Final Roster Cutdowns.
New York Jets
The New York Jets signed Felix to the roster on May 13, 2010. Felix was waived by the team on September 4, 2010. Felix was later re-signed to the team's practice squad on September 6, 2010.
Felix was signed to a future contract by New York on January 25, 2011. They were waived on September 3, 2011 during the final roster cuts prior to the season.
Personal life
Felix's parents are Larry Felix and Laura Ferro. Felix is married to their college sweetheart, Kelly. They have three daughters.
Felix majored in Business at UTEP.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
UTEP Miners bio
New York Jets bio
Players of American football from California
American football centers
UTEP Miners football players
Baltimore Ravens players
Las Vegas Locomotives players
New York Jets players
Sportspeople from Corona, California
1986 births
Living people
Jonathan Boulet is an Australian musician from Sydney. Best known for their work as a solo artist, they wrote, recorded, produced and played almost every instrument in their small garage studio for their debut self-titled album. They played at the Splendour in the Grass music festival in July 2010. They have also toured and performed with acts such as Kate Nash, The Middle East, Tame Impala and Mumford and Sons. In December 2009, Boulet's self-titled debut album was the feature album on triple j.
Boulet studied at Gilroy College where they played in a metalcore band named City Escape Fire. They were also a member of Sydney indie rock band Parades, in which they played drums and contributed vocals, as well as experimental rock band, Top People, for which they recorded all instruments, except vocals and clarinet.
Discography
Jonathan Boulet
Jonathan Boulet – Modular Recordings (4 December 2009)
We Keep the Beat, Found the Sound, See the Need, Start the Heart – Modular Recordings (8 June 2012)
Gubba (2014)
Parades
foreign tapes (2010)
Party Dozen
The Living Man (2017)
Pray for Party Dozen (2020)
ARSE
Primitive Species (2017)
Usage in media
Boulet's songs have appeared in EA Sports games: "Ones Who Fly Twos Who Die" was used in 2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa and "You're a Animal" in FIFA 13 and Real Racing 3 on a Instrumental Version.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Western Sydney University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Alas Chiricanas (Spanish: Chiriquí Wings) was a commuter airline based in Panama, which was operational from 1980 to 1995.
Fleet
Their fleet contained Embraer EMB 110 Bandeirantes, although they also operated the Dash 7 in fierce competition with Aeroperlas, a Panamanian regional airline.
Accidents and incidents
In 1994, Alas Chiricanas Flight 00901 exploded while en route from Colón to Panama City. All 18 passengers and three crew were killed. The explosion was caused by a bomb. The militant Islamic group Hezbollah was suspected of masterminding the attack, even though Panama had no connection with the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
The aircraft is said to have crashed on a wooded hillside following an in-flight explosion. Twelve Jewish business people were among the passengers.
After the accident, the company went out of business, and Aeroperlas absorbed part of its fleet.
References
Defunct airlines of Panama
Airlines established in 1980
Airlines disestablished in 1995
1980 establishments in Panama
1995 disestablishments in North America
Petrosix is the world's largest surface oil shale pyrolysis retort with an diameter vertical shaft kiln, operational since 1992. It is located in São Mateus do Sul, Brazil, and it is owned and operated by the Brazil energy company Petrobras. Petrosix means also the Petrosix process, an externally generated hot gas technology of shale oil extraction. The technology is tailored to Irati oil shale formation, a Permian formation of the Paraná Basin.
History
Petrobras started oil shale processing activities in 1953 by developing Petrosix technology for extracting oil from oil shale of the Irati formation. A inside diameter semi-works retort (the Irati Profile Plant) with capacity of 2,400 tons per day, was brought on line in 1972, and began limited commercial operation in 1980. The first retort that used current Petrosix technology was a internal diameter retort pilot plant started in 1982. It was followed by a retort demonstration plant in 1984. A retort was brought into service in December 1991, and commercial production started in 1992. The company operates two retorts which process 8,500 tons of oil shale daily.
Retort
The Petrosix vertical shaft retort is the world's largest operational surface oil shale pyrolysis reactor. It was designed by Cameron Engineers. The retort has the upper pyrolysis section and lower shale coke cooling section. The retort capacity is 6,200 tons of oil shale per day, and it yields a nominal daily output of 3,870 barrels of shale oil (i.e., 550 tons of oil, approximately 1 ton of oil per 11 tons of shale), 132 tons of oil shale gas, 50 tons of liquefied oil shale gas, and 82 tons of sulfur.
Process
Petrosix is one of four technologies of shale oil extraction in commercial use. It is an above-ground retorting technology, which uses externally generated hot gas for the oil shale pyrolysis. After mining, the shale is transported by trucks to a crusher and screens, where it is reduced to particles (lump shale). These particles are between and and have an approximately parallelepipedic shape. These particles are transported on a belt to a vertical cylindrical vessel, where the shale is heated up to about for pyrolysis. Oil shale enters through the top of the retort while hot gases are injected into the middle of the retort. The oil shale is heated by the gases as it moves down. As a result, the kerogen in the shale decomposes to yield oil vapor and more gas. Cold gas is injected into the bottom of the retort to cool and recover heat from the spent shale. Cooled spent shale is discharged through a water seal with drag conveyor below the retort. Oil mist and cooled gases are removed through the top of the retort and enter a wet electrostatic precipitator where the oil droplets are coalesced and collected. The gas from the precipitator is compressed and split into three parts.
One part of the compressed retort gas is heated in a furnace to and recirculated back to the middle of the retort for heating and pyrolyzing the oil shale, and another part is circulated cold into the bottom of the retort, where it cools down the spent shale, heats up itself, and ascends into the pyrolysis section as a supplementary heat source for heating the oil shale. The third part undergoes further cooling for light oil (naphtha) and water removal and then sent to the gas treatment unit, where fuel gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) are produced and sulfur recovered.
One drawback of this process is that the potential heat from the combustion of the char contained in the shale is not utilized. Also oil shale particles smaller than can not be processed in the Petrosix retort. These fines may account for 10 to 30 per cent of the crushed feed.
See also
Galoter process
Alberta Taciuk Process
Kiviter process
TOSCO II process
Fushun process
Paraho process
Lurgi-Ruhrgas process
Paraná Basin
References
Oil shale technology
Oil shale in Brazil
Petrobras
Justin Guarini (born Justin Eldrin Bell; October 28, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter and actor who in 2002 was the runner-up on the first season of American Idol.
Early life
Guarini was born in Columbus, Georgia. Their father, Eldrin Bell, is African-American and is a former Atlanta, Georgia, Chief of Police, and former chairperson of the Clayton County Commission in Clayton County, Georgia. Their mother, Kathy Pepino Guarini, is Italian American, and was a journalist for WTVM TV in Columbus, and later for CNN. Guarini was primarily raised by their mother and stepfather, physicist Jerry Guarini, in the Philadelphia suburb of Doylestown, Pennsylvania. They attended Central Bucks High School East.
Career
Beginnings
Guarini's musical experience started at age four when they were accepted by the Atlanta Boy Choir. After moving to Pennsylvania in 1985, they joined the Archdiocese of Philadelphia Boys Choir. Throughout their school years Guarini sang in school choirs, and from 1996 to 2000 was the lead soloist in an award-winning a cappella group named The Midnight Voices. The group released an independent album in 1999 with proceeds benefiting a music scholarship fund at Guarini's alma mater, Central Bucks High School East in Buckingham, Pennsylvania. They were a director/performer at the Riverside Haunted Woods in Bridgeton Township, Pennsylvania, in 2001.
Their high school and college theatre credits include the lead roles in The Mystery of Edwin Drood, The Little Prince, The Pirates of Penzance, The Taming of the Shrew, and Once on This Island. In addition to singing and stage performing, Guarini plays the piano, guitar, and banjo.
After studying vocal performance and theater studies at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia, Guarini later moved to New York City, where they attended the School for Film and Television. They worked in New York nightclubs, and auditioned for New York Theatre before successfully auditioning for American Idol in April 2002. Shortly after being chosen for American Idol, they were offered a role in the Broadway production of The Lion King. Guarini wrote about their decision between the two offers in their exclusive 2008 blog for the television site, Fancast, stating, "I had attended master classes… I learned Zulu and Sotho phrases, as well as the music from the show. It was a dream almost come true at the time. But, now I knew I was onto something, and I wasn't letting go. I politely declined the offer of a role...". They were also considering a contract offer from an independent record label, but the show's rules prohibited participants from having existing record contracts.
American Idol
Idol judge Simon Cowell praised Guarini's performance in the show's first season, at one early audition telling them "Justin, you know, occasionally you're very privileged when you do a competition like this to hear somebody undiscovered who has a voice like yours", with Guarini ultimately becoming the runner-up to winner Kelly Clarkson in September 2002. Soon after, Guarini signed with American Idol's 19 Management and secured a record deal with RCA. Prior to the American Idol Tour, they were the only contestant asked to appear on The Oprah Winfrey Show, on which Oprah Winfrey told him, "Justin, you have it."
American Idol performances
2003–2004: Justin Guarini
Their eponymous album debuted in June 2003, coinciding with the single releases of the current second season American Idol top two finalists and the movie From Justin to Kelly, in which Guarini co-starred with Kelly Clarkson. The film was critically panned, while the album sold 146,000 copies. In December 2003 Guarini was dropped from RCA Records.
Guarini had a role in the 2004 pre-Broadway New York Stage and Film Powerhouse Theater workshop/presentation of the musical Good Vibrations at Vassar College. Their performance (which included singing, dancing, acting, and playing guitar) landed Guarini an offer to continue the role in the original Broadway production, which they eventually declined.
2005–2007: Stranger Things Have Happened
Guarini co-produced their second album Stranger Things Have Happened, independently released in December 2005 through their own production company, Justice Entertainment, Ltd.. The album of reinvented jazz standards was described by Allmusic as "a successful reinvention... where their natural skills shine", The Philadelphia Inquirer said that "Guarini displays an agile, attractive voice with good phrasing, supported by a sophisticated and funky backing ensemble."
Guarini wrote, co-arranged and recorded a benefit song released with H.H. Gayuna Cealo, and a song for the documentary series Project Everlasting, in August 2006 and featured on the Today Show. The title track from their album Stranger Things Have Happened was also used in the documentary.
From 2007 to 2011, TV Guide Network signed Guarini as permanent co-host for Idol Wrap and Idol Tonight. On-air duties with the network expanded to include guest hosting/appearances on other TV Guide Network shows, hosting movie premiere specials, and serving as a member of TV Guide Network's awards show team with on-air coverage of awards shows such as the Grammy Awards and Emmy Awards.
2008–2009: Revolve
In May 2008, Guarini released an acoustic EP titled Revolve comprising three songs ("Sweet Time", "Rock Bottom", and "When They Cry") co-written and co-produced with Shaun Ingram.
While stepping out to support the opening of The American Idol Experience at Disney's Hollywood Studios in February 2009, Guarini confirmed their impending marriage to their fiancée, Reina Capodici. In an exclusive pictorial of the wedding, People reported that the couple married on September 26, 2009.
2010–present: Acting, hosting and performing
Guarini became a part of the Broadway community with their 2010 Broadway debut as Carlos in a musical adaptation of Pedro Almodovar's film Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown. Critics called Guarini's debut "surprisingly charming", "captivating" and "extremely likeable".
Guarini played Will, one of the three male leads in Green Day's rock musical American Idiot performing March 1, 2011, through the show's closing night, April 24, 2011.
On April 26, 2011, their first child with wife Reina Capodici, William Neko Bell Guarini, was born. Their second child, Asher, was born on February 25, 2013.
In 2013, Guarini was cast in a modern Broadway production of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet as Paris. After its Broadway run, the live-filmed stage play was released in movie theaters. Guarini joined the Broadway production of Wicked, in the role of Fiyero from February 25 to December 14, 2014.
Other stage work includes lead roles in regional productions of Rent, Chicago, Company and Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. Original regional productions include Ghost Brothers of Darkland County as one of two feuding brothers in 2012 at the Alliance Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia. In It's a Wonderful Life, A Live Radio Play Guarini voiced George Bailey in a 2015 on-stage comedic production.
In 2015, they starred in the New York City Center Encores presentation Paint Your Wagon. Praised by critics, Guarini played the outcast Mexican miner. Guarini starred in the 2015 original musical "Moonshine: The Hee Haw Musical" premiering at the Dallas Theater Center on September 2 through October 11, and Mamma Mia! in 2016. Also in 2016, Guarini was cast in Broadway's new In Transit, the first a cappella musical with book, music and lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez, James-Allen Ford, Russ Kaplan, and Sara Wordsworth.
Guarini participates in Equity staged readings of The Awakening of Angel DeLuna, hosts and/or performs for various Broadway and stage-related benefits, and other industry-related events including Broadway on the Hudson, the Times Square Tony Awards Simulcast in 2014 and 2015, adding executive producer duties in 2015. They were an executive producer for the 2015 revival of the musical Side Show.
In 2016, Guarini attended the Tony Awards, and co-hosted backstage coverage of the live broadcast in conjunction with BroadwayHD.com.
He's also acted in independent film projects such as the drama and action film Fast Girl, The Unknown: Frankie The Squirrel, Mafioso II: The Son and short film Tilt-a-Whirl for the Dances With Films festival.
Since 2015, Guarini has been starring as Lil' Sweet in Diet Dr Pepper television commercials, and web marketing. In 2016, Dr Pepper "promoted" tunes for a Lil' Sweet "album" with video clips, promotional pictures of the character, and the character's own Twitter page. In 2016 Guarini released their exclusive 17 track EP "JG" via PledgeMusic.
Discography
Studio albums
Other contributions
Foreign Shores by David Hughes (featured vocalist) 2009
The Awakening of Angel DeLuna (cast album) 2009
I Could Use a Drink by Drew Gasparini (featured vocalist) 2012
Where the Sky Ends: Music by Michael Mott by Michael Mott (featured vocalist) 2014
Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown (Original Broadway Cast) 2011
Paint Your Wagon (cast album) 2014
In Transit (cast album) 2016
EPs
Revolve (Acoustic) (May 2008)
"JG" (2016)
Songs
Did You Know That I Know Your Journey? (2006) (vocals, music, co-produced)
Everlasting for documentary Project Everlasting (2006) (vocals, music, lyrics, piano)
What You Won't Do for Love for Drivetime Reflections (2010) (vocals)
Filmography and theater
Films
Television
Theater roles
Good Vibrations (2004) as Jan
The Awakening of Angel DeLuna (2009) as Fred
Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown (2010–2011 Broadway) as Carlos
American Idiot (2011 Broadway) as Will
Rent (2011 Regional) as Roger Davis
Chicago (2011 Regional) as Billy Flynn
Ghost Brothers of Darkland County (2012 Regional) as Drake McCandless
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat (2012 Regional) as Joseph
It's a Wonderful Life: A Live Radio Play (2012 Regional) as Jake
Romeo and Juliet (2013 Broadway) as Paris
Wicked (2014 Broadway) as Fiyero
Paint Your Wagon (2015 New York City Center) as Julio
Company (2015 Regional) as Bobby
Moonshine: That Hee Haw Musical (2015 Regional)
First Gentleman (2016 NYC)
Mamma Mia! (2016 Regional) as Sam Carmichael
Cake Off (2016 Regional) multiple roles
In Transit (2016 Broadway) as Trent
Once Upon a One More Time (2021 Regional) as Prince Charming
References
External links
1978 births
Male actors from Pennsylvania
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American Idol participants
American jazz singers
American people of Italian descent
People from Doylestown, Pennsylvania
Living people
Musicians from Columbus, Georgia
University of the Arts (Philadelphia) alumni
American male stage actors
19 Recordings artists
Actors from Columbus, Georgia
Singers from Pennsylvania
21st-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Georgia (U.S. state)
Guitarists from Philadelphia
Jazz musicians from Pennsylvania
American male pianists
American male guitarists
21st-century American pianists
American male jazz musicians
African-American pianists
African-American guitarists
21st-century African-American male singers
Paschoal Caetano Rapuano (born 23 May 1918) is a Brazilian former rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1918 births
Possibly living people
Brazilian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Brazil
Rowers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Nocturne is a live double album and video by English rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees, released on 25 November 1983 by Polydor Records. Co-produced by Mike Hedges, Nocturne featured performances recorded at two shows at the Royal Albert Hall in London, on 30 September and 1 October 1983, featuring Robert Smith (of the Cure) on guitar.
Most of the material came from 1981's Juju and 1982's A Kiss in the Dreamhouse. It also contained a couple of B-sides ("Pulled to Bits" and "Eve White/Eve Black") as well as a live version of the Beatles' "Dear Prudence", a song the Banshees had recorded in the studio earlier that year in Stockholm and issued as a single in September.
The music heard at the introduction of "Israel" is an excerpt from The Rite of Spring, composed in 1913 by Igor Stravinsky.
Background and release
The Banshees had already performed live with Robert Smith on guitar in September and October 1979, when they and their band the Cure served as tour support for the Banshees. A friendship had started at the time between the members of the Cure and the Banshees. In late 1982, when guitarist John McGeoch left the Banshees prior to the A Kiss in the Dreamhouse tour, Steven Severin asked Smith to join them for the British and European tour. In 1983, the band toured in Japan for the second time in less than a year and also visited Australia and New Zealand. With the September 1983 release of the "Dear Prudence" single, Smith became an official member of the Banshees; a few weeks later, they recorded Nocturne in London.
The album was released in late November 1983. A video version of Nocturne was released on VHS the same year and was remastered for a DVD reissue in 2006. DVD bonus features included the Play at Home TV special from 1983, the "Dear Prudence" music video and performances from The Old Grey Whistle Test. The album was remastered for a cd reissue in 2009.
Reception
David Cleary of AllMusic said that Nocturne "serves as an excellent, no-nonsense introduction to the band's music for neophytes, while fans of the group will appreciate the tight, gutsy, stripped-down performances", also describing it as "top-notch". In 2013, the album was included in The Quietus list of its writers' 40 favourite live albums. Julian Marszalek wrote: "Nocturne stands as both a representation of where they were at that point in their career and their status as an incredible live band. Be it Budgie's precise and muscular rhythms, Steven Severin's flanged bass, Siouxsie's commanding presence or Robert Smith's interpretation of other guitarists' material, the performance is magnificent and convincing throughout. By cherry picking their finest material, Nocturne was – and still is – a kind of alternate Greatest Hits that acts as a gateway to their kaleidoscopic world". Total Guitar wrote that "Nocturne successfully reproduces the sound of the Banshees at their creative peak aided by then touring guitarist Robert Smith, who adds lysergic colour to the shimmering Melt! and a muscular rendition of Nighshift".
Legacy
Steve Mason of the Beta Band listed Nocturne as one of their 14 Favourite Albums. They praised the guitars and the drums on the record: "Robert Smith's live playing on this is [...] superb. It's psychedelic [...], the sounds that they get are unbelievable – I've never heard anyone get those sounds out of a guitar. [...] Budgie's drumming on this record is incredible. He's solid as a rock but really inventive and really tribal in places." Mason considered that "As a Banshees compilation album, it's a brilliant selection of what they've done". They explained they ended up sampling "a massive chunk" of Smith's guitar playing on "Painted Bird" for the Beta Band, and their song "Liquid Bird" – on their album Heroes to Zeros.
"Pulled to Bits" was covered by the Mars Volta as the flip side of their 2008 single "Wax Simulacra".
Track listing
All songs by Siouxsie and the Banshees except 3, 11, and 15 by Siouxsie Sioux and Steven Severin and 2 and 14 by Lennon–McCartney.
"Israel" (6:45) (Single)
"Dear Prudence" (3:55) (Single)
"Paradise Place" (4:28) (from Kaleidoscope)
"Melt!" (3:48) (from A Kiss in the Dreamhouse)
"Cascade" (4:35) (from A Kiss in the Dreamhouse)
"Pulled to Bits" (4:03) (the b-side of "Playground Twist")
"Night Shift" (6:27) (from Juju)
"Sin in My Heart" (3:31) (from Juju)
"Slowdive" (4:18) (from A Kiss in the Dreamhouse)
"Painted Bird" (3:56) (from A Kiss in the Dreamhouse)
"Happy House" (4:39) (from Kaleidoscope)
"Switch" (6:35) (from The Scream)
"Spellbound" (4:31) (from Juju)
"Helter Skelter" (3:42) (from The Scream)
"Eve White/Eve Black" (2:58) (the b-side of "Christine")
"Voodoo Dolly" (8:42) (from Juju)
DVD
"Israel"
"Cascade"
"Melt!"
"Pulled to Bits"
"Night Shift"
"Sin in My Heart"
"Painted Bird"
"Switch"
"Eve White/Eve Black"
"Voodoo Dolly"
"Spellbound"
"Helter Skelter"
DVD Bonus
Bonus 1: Play at Home ( a 45-minute show broadcast on Channel 4, also featuring the Creatures and the Glove)
Bonus 2: Old Grey Whistle Test
Bonus 3: "Dear Prudence" (promotional film)
Personnel
Siouxsie and the Banshees
Siouxsie Sioux - vocals, guitar on "Sin in My Heart" and "Paradise Place"
Steven Severin - bass guitar
Budgie - drums, percussion
Robert Smith - guitar
Technical
Mike Hedges - producer
Siouxsie and the Banshees - producers
Paul Crowder, Tim Summerhayes - recording
Chris Ludwinski - tape operator
Da Gama, Siouxsie and the Banshees - design
Charts
Certifications
References
Albums produced by Mike Hedges
Live video albums
1983 live albums
1983 video albums
Siouxsie and the Banshees live albums
Polydor Records live albums
Polydor Records video albums
Geffen Records live albums
Live albums recorded at the Royal Albert Hall
Eilema aurantiotestacea is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae. It is found on Ambon Island.
References
aurantiotestacea
The gafftopsail pompano (Trachinotus rhodopus) is a species of jack in the family Carangidae. It is found in the eastern Pacific.
Distribution and habitat
Gafftopsail pompanos are found in the eastern Pacific. Their range extends from Zuma Beach in southern California to Peru and the Galapagos Islands. They are more common around the Gulf of California and Peru.
Description
The maximum size for this fish is but usually grows up to . It is diamond shaped with yellow fins. The colouration of this fish is silver.
Ecology
Diet
Trachinotus rhodopus feeds on invertebrates and fish.
References
External links
rhodopus
Fish of the Gulf of California
Fish of Mexican Pacific coast
Western Central American coastal fauna
Galápagos Islands coastal fauna
Taxa named by Theodore Gill
Trachinotus rhodopus
Skyy Moore (born September 10, 2000) is an American football wide receiver for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Western Michigan.
High school career
Moore attended Shady Side Academy in Fox Chapel, Pennsylvania. They played quarterback and defensive back in high school. They committed to the Western Michigan University to play college football.
College career
Moore was converted into a wide receiver in college despite never playing the position before. As a true first-year student in 2019, Moore started 12 of 13 games and had 53 receptions for 802 yards and three touchdowns. As a sophomore in 2020, they played in five games, recording 25 receptions for 388 yards and three touchdowns. They returned as a starter in 2021. Against Northern Illinois they tied a school record with four touchdowns receptions. Moore declared for the 2022 NFL Draft following the season.
College statistics
Professional career
The Kansas City Chiefs selected Moore in the 2nd round (54th overall selection) of the 2022 NFL draft.
References
External links
Kansas City Chiefs bio
Western Michigan Broncos bio
2000 births
Living people
People from New Kensington, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from the Pittsburgh metropolitan area
American football wide receivers
Western Michigan Broncos football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
9 Hours is an Indian Telugu-language survival crime thriller streaming television series created by Krish Jagarlamudi and has an ensemble cast of Taraka Ratna, Madhu Shalini, Ajay, Ravi Varma and Ravi Prakash. 9 Hours was premiered on Disney+ Hotstar on 2 June 2022.
Cast
Episodes
Reception
Sangeetha Devi Dundoo of The Hindu in their review stated that "The payoffs in the form of twists and turns happen rather late and are not enough. Perhaps it was alluring to have nine episodes to befit the title, but the series could have done with liberal trimming". Echoing the same, Pinkvilla's Arvind V opined that "The survival drama trappings deserved a better canvas, and a profound script. Torture and beatings are no substitute for thrills and drama".
Comparing it with Money Heist, Latha Srinivasan of Firstpost praised the performances of the ensemble cast while criticizing the screenplay and writing. Giving a mixed review, Neeshita Nyayapati of The Times of India wrote that "You don't always buy what 9 Hours is selling you, there are moments you will pause and wonder how plausible whatever is playing out on screen is. But the series does manage to do its job by keeping you engaged".
References
2022 web series debuts
Telugu-language web series
Telugu-language Disney+ Hotstar original programming
Crime web series
Indian crime drama television series
Indian drama web series
Television shows based on Indian novels
Crime thriller web series
Web series based on novels
Television series about organized crime
Television series set in 1985
External links
9 Hours on Disney+ Hotstar
Sanusi Tjokroadiredjo (born 26 May 1925) is an Indonesian former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1925 births
Possibly living people
Indonesian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Indonesia
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Magelang
Sportspeople from Central Java
Butterby Oxbow is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Durham City district of County Durham, England. It consists of a former meander of the River Wear which was isolated from the main river in 1811 when, to reduce flooding in the area, a new channel was constructed across the neck of the meander. It is located about 3 km south of the centre of Durham and 1.2 km north of the nearest village, Croxdale.
The site is notable for the succession series of swamp, fen and fen-carr which has developed and which is rarely found as a complete sequence in the county. It is locally important as a roosting and wintering area for wildfowl.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Dodwell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Charles Reginald Dodwell (1922–1994), English art historian
Christina Dodwell (born 1951), explorer and travel writer
Edward Dodwell (1767–1832), Irish writer on archaeology
Grant Dodwell (born 1952), Australian producer, actor, writer and director
H. H. Dodwell (1879–1946), English academic in India
Henry Dodwell (1641–1711), Irish scholar, theologian and writer
Henry Dodwell (priest) 17th century Anglican priest in Ireland
Henry Dodwell (religious controversialist) (1706–1784), satirist, son of Henry
Sam Dodwell (1909–1990), English painter
William Dodwell (1709–1785), theological writer, son of Henry
See also
Dodwell, hamlet in Luddington, Warwickshire, England
Dodwell & Co., founded as Dodwell Carlill & Co in 1891. Changed name to Dodwell & Co in 1899. Acquired by Inchcape plc in 1972.
References
English-language surnames
Aisin Gioro Lunghi (隆禧; 30 May 1660 – 20 August 1679) was the Shunzhi Emperor's seventh son. They were the first holder of Prince Chun of the First Rank title from 1674 to 1679. As the peerage was not granted iron-cap status, their successors would hold diminished ranks.
Life
Lunghi was born to lady Niu (钮氏). As Qing dynasty rulers haven't still developed rank system for imperial consorts, their mother was ranked as a mistress (庶妃).
Lunghi's father died shortly after their birth. At that time of Shunzhi Emperor's funeral, their mother was promoted to the position of secondary consort (侧妃). In 1674, Longxi was granted the title Prince Chun of the First Rank. Longxi was appointed as the fourth rank military official in the following year. Longxi died in 1679. Their half brother, Kangxi Emperor, cancelled court sessions for 3 days and attended the funeral because Grand Empress Dowager Zhaosheng was unable to attend the ceremony.
Lunghi was posthumously honoured as Prince Chunjing of the First Rank (純靖親王, meaning "pure and tranquil"). They were succeeded by the sole son, Fu'erhulun. Fu'erhulun died prematurely in 1681 at the age of 2, leaving the peerage extinct.
Posthumous adoptions
Kangxi Emperor had the intent to adopt their 7th surviving son Yunyou as Longxi's heir and successor. As posthumous adoptions were prohibited by the actual law, Kangxi Emperor created a title of Prince Chun of the Second Rank which included character 'chun' with Kangxi radical 86 ('water').
Family
Lunghi was married to Lady Shang, first daughter of Shang Zhilong, a son of Shang Kexi and prince consort of Princess Heshun of the Second Rank, adopted as Shunzhi Emperor's daughter.
Primary consort, of the Shang clan (嫡福晋 尚氏)
Fu'erhulun (富尔祜伦; 30 December 1679 – 15 January 1681)
Tomb of Prince Chun
The tomb of Longxi is located west from the tomb of Prince Yuxian of the First Rank, Fuquan. The garden surrounding the tomb is shared with the garden of Prince Yuxian. A fountain in the side pavilion is decorated with white jadeite crabs, Ao turtles and shrimps.
References
Qing dynasty imperial princes
Shunzhi Emperor's sons
The quattrino is an ancient Italian currency denomination largely used in Central Italy, especially in Tuscany and Rome. Its name derives from the Latin quater denari, because its value was equal to four denaries. Consequently, its value was one third of a soldo. It disappeared after the unification of Italy in 1861, when the Italian lira was introduced as an equivalent of the french franc.
See also
Lira
Soldo
Denier
Currencies of Italy
Coins of Italy
Edenbridge Town railway station is one of two stations serving Edenbridge in Kent, England. The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southern, and it is on the Uckfield branch of the Oxted line, from .
Facilities
The station has a ticket office which is staffed during Monday-Saturday mornings (06:30-13:05 Mon-Fri, 07:00-13:30 Sat). At other times, the station is unstaffed and tickets can be purchased from the self-service ticket machine at the station.
The station has passenger help points and covered seating areas available on both platforms which are linked by a subway. There are also toilets at the station which are open when the station is staffed. The station has a free car park (operated by Saba Parking) and taxi-rank at its main entrance. There is also a cycle rack at the station entrance.
The London bound platform is accessible without steps although the Uckfield bound platform is only reachable by the stepped subway so isn't accessible.
Bus Connections
The station is served by the following bus services:
Metrobus routes 231 & 233 to Penshurst and Tunbridge Wells (Monday-Saturday)
Southdown PSV route 236 to Oxted, Westerham and East Grinstead (Monday-Friday)
Go-Coach route E1 in a circular route around Edenbridge (Monday-Friday)
Services
All services at Edenbridge Town are operated by Southern using DMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to via
1 tph to
Services increase to 2 tph in each direction during the peak hours.
On Sundays, the northbound service runs as far as Oxted only.
See also
Edenbridge railway station, the other station in the town
References
External links
Edenbridge, Kent
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1888
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
The Australian Computational and Linguistics Olympiad (OzCLO) is a linguistics and computational linguistics competition for high school students in Australia, and has been held annually since 2008. The competition aims to introduce students in Years 9-12 to language puzzles so they can develop problem-solving strategies and learn about the structures and diversity of the world's languages. The competition has grown each year, and now involves around 1500 students participating from schools around the country.
Aims
The OzCLO competition aims to help high school students learn about the systematic nature of language through puzzles based on various types of language data, while illustrating the richness that can be found in the world's languages. The competition also aims to help students develop their logic and reasoning skills by developing their own strategies, in small groups, for solving language puzzles. More broadly, OzCLO also aims to develop greater awareness of linguistics and computational linguistics among high school students, and encourage interest in these areas, potentially increasing university enrolments in these disciplines.
History
The first Australian Computational and Linguistics Olympiad was held in 2008. It was organised by linguists Dominique Estival, Jane Simpson, Rachel Nordlinger and Jean Mulder, and was supported by the Human Communication Science Network (HCSNet), the Australasian Language Technology Association (ALTA), the Australian Linguistic Society (ALS), and the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO). The first competition involved 119 students from 22 schools in Victoria and New South Wales, and was hosted by the University of Melbourne and the University of Sydney. The 2009 competition was additionally held in South Australia, Queensland, Australian Capital Territory and Western Australia, and OzCLO has been held in the Northern Territory since 2013. Around 1500 students from around 90 schools now participate.
Format
The OzCLO competition is held in two rounds, and is designed for high school students in Years 9-12. The First Round is a regional competition, usually held in February or March each year. In this round, students from different schools in Australian states and territories work in teams of up to four and attempt to solve a set of language analysis problems over two hours. Competitions have been held at local host universities, but since 2012 web-based participation has also been available. The top three teams from each regional competition are then invited to participate in the National Round, and the winning team from the National Round then has the opportunity to attend the International Linguistics Olympiad representing Australia.
Attendance at the International Linguistics Olympiad
Australia has had a representative team at each International Linguistics Olympiad (IOL) since 2009. From 2010 onwards, they have received an achievement (honourable mention/medal) in every olympiad. Their successes are detailed in the table below.
References
See also
International Linguistics Olympiad
United Kingdom Linguistics Olympiad
North American Computational Linguistics Open competition
Education competitions in Australia
Linguistics olympiads
Cell biophysics (or cellular biophysics) is a sub-field of biophysics that focuses on physical principles underlying cell function. Sub-areas of current interest include statistical models of intracellular signaling dynamics, intracellular transport, cell mechanics (including membrane and cytoskeletal mechanics), molecular motors, biological electricity and genetic network theory. The field has benefited greatly from recent advances in live-cell molecular imaging techniques that allow spatial and temporal measurement of macromolecules and macromolecular function. Specialized imaging methods like FRET, FRAP, photoactivation and single molecule imaging have proven useful for mapping macromolecular transport, dynamic conformational changes in proteins and macromolecular interactions. Super-resolution microscopy allows imaging of cell structures below the optical resolution of light. Combining novel experimental tools with mathematical models grounded in the physical sciences has enabled significant recent breakthroughs in the field. Multiple centers across the world are advancing the research area
References
Biophysics
Cell biology
Puffcorn or corn puffs are puffed or extruded corn snacks made with corn meal, and baked.
Puffcorn is an extruded puffed corn snack which belongs in the snack group products made with corn grits, rice, wheat, or other cereals. Puffcorn is often flavoured with cheese, caramel, oil, chili, onion, or garlic powder, and many other spices. Types of puffcorn can vary in length, density, hardness, springiness, gumminess, chewiness, and level of redness and yellowness, especially when using different percentages of oat flour. Some products sold as puffcorn are given the appearance of popcorn, although they are not made from whole grains as popcorn is.
Puffcorn is commonly known as a ready‐to‐eat functional breakfast cereal or an extruded functional snack. Some puffcorn is made with oat flour, flaxseed and chia corn. Due to the health benefits, there has been increased interest in developing functional food products containing chia. Extrusion has been shown to be an effective method for incorporating other functional ingredients into food products.
Manufacturers include Frito Lay, Kurkure and Old Dutch Foods.
Sweetened (Corn Pops, Reese's Puffs, etc.) and salty/seasoned (various cheese puffs, etc.) varieties also exist.
Manufacturing process
Puffcorn, much like other puffed products such as cereals and crispbreads are processed by extrusion cooking through an extruder. This is a thermodynamic process where the dough is passed through a tube and heated under a certain amount of pressure. The puffcorn dough product is then forced through a narrow opening called a die, and as it gets released, the change in pressure and temperature causes the product to puff out, giving the texture and consistency of puffcorn. The different shapes and textures of puffcorn are manipulated by the die at the end of the extruder and the type of extruder used. Specific types of grain size of the starch required during processing also depends on the snack type itself; for example, if the puffcorn snack requires a fine structure with small pores, an extruder with smaller granulation should be used, whereas crispier puffcorn would require larger granulation.
Packaging
Factors that are considered to determine the packaging material of extruded snacks like puffcorn are water vapour transmission rate (WVTR), oxygen transmission rate (OTR), optical density (OD), and flavour/odor barrier property. The packaging of choice ultimately compromises between protective properties, the shelf life of the product, aesthetic appeal, and cost. Given that deterioration of Puffcorn products is primarily attributed to loss of crispness, it is crucial that the packaging provides a barrier against water vapour. Oxygen barrier requirements for the packaging of puffcorn may be less stringent as extruded and puffed snacks can be less sensitive to oxygen in comparison with fried snack foods. A variety of materials can be used in packaging of puffcorn, examples of which include Low Density Polyethylene (LDPE), Laminated Pouches (LP), and Oriented Polypropylene (OPP). In an investigation, extruded snacks were found to be more stable in LP in comparison to LDPE.
Properties
Chemical and physical properties
Starch, the main constituent of puffcorn, is accountable for the snack's structural properties, and thus expires in 3–4 months. During the extrusion process, starch molecules (amylose) are destroyed partially while new crystalline ones are made. They form an amylose-lipid complex affecting puffcorn's structure, texture and other functional properties. Due to the moist heat, the extrusion process may also cause starch gelatinization, protein denaturation, destruction of microorganisms and inactivation of anti-nutrients. Compared to wheat, using corn results in a softer and more expanded product due to its lower protein content and higher starch content (extruded wheat products are harder and don't expand as much).
Sensory properties
The quality and overall acceptability of puffcorn, as determined by consumers, is based on characteristics pertaining to their appearance, texture, and flavour (determined via sensory evaluation methods). Desired sensory attributes are attained by controlling the composition of the raw material and the processing conditions during extrusion.
Appearance
Characteristics of puffcorn, notably diameter, porosity, and homogeneous structure, are appearance attributes that aid in the perception of quality of the extruded product. The appearance of these products are enhanced as extrusion feed rate is increased, while increases in extrusion temperature and feed moisture content diminish it. Colour changes during extrusion occur due to product expansion, the decomposition of ingredient pigments, or chemical reactions.
Texture and flavour
Textural attributes of these extrudates are often associated with their mechanical behaviour, and are related to their appearance and flavour properties. Crispness and melting of extrudates are influenced by extrusion temperature. Higher extrusion temperatures enhance the crispness and melting of extrudates. Feed moisture content decreases the crunchiness and crispness while increasing hardness (density) of the product. Hardness increases the perceived mealy flavour, and is negatively correlated with crispness, melting and burnt flavouring.
See also
Cheese puffs
Puffed rice
References
Snack foods
Frontal sinus trephination is a surgical procedure where in a small opening is made in the floor of the frontal sinus facilitating drainage of its contents. Drainage of the frontal sinus is done through the floor of frontal sinus above the inner canthus.
History
According to San Diego Museum of Man at San Diego in California, a set of 70 trephined skulls were found in Peru, which were scraped, drilled or cut for medical or spiritual purposes. This procedure was used during prehistoric times.
Technique
In case of refractory frontal sinus disease, the endoscopic access is not possible. A combination of external frontal sinus trephination and intranasal endoscopy is used to approach the frontal sinus. This will help to improve the access to frontal sinus. Frontal sinus trephination also enhances the visualization in anatomy. The incision is made in the medial aspect of eyebrow above, parallel to hair line. A 4–5 mm diameter hole is drilled into the anterior table of the sinus. The best location of the trephine is the floor of sinus or through brow ridge. If there is possibility of development of osteomyelitis, trephine should be made inferiorly. Precaution is taken not to injure the supraorbital nerve. The pus is cultured and irrigated, and the sinus is cleared with a saline or an antibiotic solution. Extra holes are cut in two pieces of french red Robinson rubber catheter or Silastic tubing. The two tubing pieces are inserted through trephine and sutured. An alternative method is the minitrephine system manufactured by Medtronic-Xomed, in which a metal cannula wedged firmly into an accurately shaped hole is used.
Indications
In case of acute sinusitis when not responding completely to medical management. During endoscopic sinus surgery, it can be used to identify the frontal sinus opening inside the nasal cavity. Endoscopically, it is detected by visualizing flushed flourescein dye into the nasal cavity. This process is a reliable method to detect the frontal sinus outflow tract. Also while in some cases after endoscopic sinus surgery, frontal sinus trephining is indicated in order to prevent stenosis of frontal sinus infundibulum by passing down a catheter into frontal recess. Following endoscopic frontal sinus surgery, frontal sinus trephination can be used for instillation of medications like topical antibiotics and steroid irrigation.
Complications
The most common complication of frontal sinus trephination are cellulitis, brain injuries due to penetration of posterior table of frontal sinus and middle shift orbital complications may also occur.
Trephination of frontal sinus is a safe procedure though precautions should be taken. This procedure has its own place, even in endoscopic era. It provides quick relief to patients with acute frontal sinusitis. It is easy to perform.
References
Nose surgery
OPC Unified Architecture (OPC UA) is a cross-platform, open-source, IEC62541 standard for data exchange from sensors to cloud applications developed by the OPC Foundation. Distinguishing characteristics are:
Standardized data models freely available for over 60 types of industrial equipment, published by the OPC Foundation via Companion Specifications
Extensible security profiles, including authentication, authorization, encryption and checksums
Extensible security key management, including X.509, token and password
Support for both client-server and publish-subscribe communication patterns
Communication protocol independent. Mappings to several communication protocols like TCP/IP, UDP/IP, WebSockets, AMQP and MQTT are specified
Initially successful in standardized data exchange with industrial equipment (discrete manufacturing, process manufacturing, energy) and systems for data collection and control, but now also leveraged in building automation, weighing and kitchen equipment and cloud applications
Open – open-source reference implementations freely available to OPC Foundation members, non members under GPL 2.0 license
Binaries (NuGet Packages) available free of charge under redistributable license
Cross-platform – not tied to one operating system or programming language
Service-oriented architecture (SOA)
The specification is freely available on the OPC Foundation website and is split into several parts to ease implementation, but only OPC UA stack vendors need to read them, end users simply leverage existing commercial and/or open-source stacks available in all popular programming languages
History
Although developed by the same organization, OPC UA differs significantly from its predecessor, Open Platform Communications (OPC). The Foundation's goal for OPC UA was to provide a path forward from the original OPC communications model (namely the Microsoft Windows-only process exchange COM/DCOM) that would better meet the emerging needs of industrial automation.
After more than three years of specification work and another year for a prototype implementation, the first version of the Unified Architecture was released in 2006.
The current version of the specification is on 1.04 (22 November 2017). The new version of OPC UA now has added publish/subscribe in addition to the client/server communications infrastructure.
Although the original binding to COM/DCOM helped OPC to distribute well, it had several drawbacks:
Frequent configuration issues with DCOM;
No configurable time-outs;
Microsoft Windows only;
Lower security;
No control over DCOM (COM/DCOM is kind of a black box, developers have no access to sources and therefore have to deal with bugs or insufficient implementations).
These drawbacks along with a number of other considerations pushed the decision to develop a new and independent stack for OPC UA, which replaces COM/DCOM. The main characteristics of this communication stack were:
Multi-platform implementation, including portable ANSI C, Java and .NET implementations;
Scalability: from smart sensors and smart actuators to mainframes;
Multi-threaded, as well as single-threaded/single-task operation—necessary for porting the stack to embedded devices;
Security, based on new standards;
Configurable time-outs for each service;
Chunking of big datagrams.
This communication stack reflects the beginning of various innovations. The OPC UA architecture is a service-oriented architecture (SOA) and is based on different logical levels.
OPC Base Services are abstract method descriptions, which are protocol independent and provide the basis for OPC UA functionality. The transport layer puts these methods into a protocol, which means it serializes/deserializes the data and transmits it over the network.
Two protocols are specified for this purpose. One is a binary TCP protocol, optimized for high performance and the second is Web service-oriented.
The OPC information model is a Mesh Network based on nodes. These nodes can include any kind of meta information, and are similar to the objects of object-oriented programming (OOP). A node can have attributes for read access (DA, HDA), methods that can be called (Commands), and triggered events that can be transmitted (AE, DataAccess, DataChange). Nodes hold process data as well all other types of metadata. The OPC namespace contains the type model.
Client software can verify what profiles a server supports. This is necessary to obtain information, if a server only supports DA functionality or additionally AE, HDA, etc. Additionally, information can be obtained about whether a server supports a given profile. New and important features of OPC UA are:
Redundancy support
Heartbeat for connections in both directions (to indicate whether the other end is "alive"). This means that both server and client recognize interrupts.
Buffering of data and acknowledgements of transmitted data. Lost connections don't lead to lost data anymore. Lost datagrams can be refetched.
At the OPC UA DevCon in October 2006, in Munich the first prototypes were presented live. Various UA Servers have been shown on a Beckhoff programmable logic controller and an embedded test board from Euros. The Beckhoff PLC is based on Windows XP Embedded and the embedded controller is based on the real-time operating system Euros. The company Embedded Labs Ltd demonstrated an OPC UA Server based on their own C++ UA Stack executing on a single chip ARM microcontroller with 64kB RAM. In October 2012 the German Fraunhofer-Application Center IOSB-INA and the Institute for industrial Information Technologies (inIT) showed that an OPC UA server is scalable down to 15 kB RAM and 10 kB ROM and therefore usable at chip level.
Specifications
The OPC UA specification is a multi-part specification and consists of the following parts:
Concepts
Security Model
Address Space Model
Services
Information Model
Mappings
Profiles
Data Access
Alarms and Conditions
Programs
Historical Access
Discovery and Global Services
Aggregates
PubSub
Safety
State machines (not published yet)
Alias names
User Authorization (not published yet)
Dictionary References
Additionally, part 100 Devices, and part 200 Industrial Automation are also available. These build on the core set of specifications, and adds new common definitions that then are used in different companion specifications. E.g. both OPC UA for Analyser Devices and OPC UA for Machinery builds directly on part 100.
In contrast to the COM-based specifications, the UA specifications are not pure application specifications. They describe typically UA internal mechanisms, which get handled through the communication stack and are normally only of interest for those that port a stack to a specific target or those that want to implement their own UA stack.
The OPC UA application developers code against the OPC UA API and therefore mainly use API documentation. Nevertheless, part 3, 4, and 5 may be of interest for application developers.
UA communication stack
The architecture of a UA application, independent of whether it is the server or client part, is structured into levels.
Some parts equalize to the former COM Proxy/Stubs and get provided by the OPC Foundation. The portability level is new; it simplifies porting the UA ANSI C stack to other target platforms. A port layer for Windows and Linux is also provided by the OPC Foundation.
UA security
UA Security consists of authentication and authorization, encryption and data integrity via signatures. For Web Services the WS-SecureConversation gets used and is therefore compatible with .NET and other SOAP implementations. For the binary variant, the algorithms of WS-SecureConversation have been followed and also converted to a binary equivalent. This is named as UA Secure Conversation.
There is also a mixed version where the code is binary, but the transport layer is SOAP. This is a compromise between efficient binary coding and firewall-friendly transmission. Binary coding always requires UA Secure Conversation.
The authentication uses X.509 certificates exclusively. It relies on the application developer to choose which certificate store the UA application gets bound to. For instance, it is possible to use the public key infrastructure (PKI) of an Active Directory.
Built-in data types
The OPC UA standard defines 25 built-in data types:
OPC UA APIs
UA APIs are available in several programming languages. Commercial SDKs are available for C, C++, Java, and .NET. Open-source stacks are available at least for C, C++, Java, Javascript(node), Tcl and Python .
C++/C Implementation
The open62541 project provides an Open Source implementation for OPC UA server and clients and is licensed under the Mozilla Public License v2.0. Besides Linux and Windows, it also supports OS X, QNX and different embedded systems as compilation target.
The S2OPC project provides an Open Source secured implementation and is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. It supports Linux, Windows, FreeRTOS, Zephyr, VxWorks and aims to be safe, secure and fast. The core of the software is formally designed with the help of the B-Method.
The ASNeG project provides a C++ open source (Apache License 2.0) OPC UA Application Server and an OPC UA Web Server (beta state, currently only base functions).
The FreeOpcUa project provides an open source (LGPL) server and client implementation in C++ (as of 2022, no longer maintained).
The UAF project offers an open source (LGPL) C++/Python implementation.
.NET implementation
The .NET implementation uses ANSI C for the lower levels and implements the rest natively in .NET. That means only the handling of the socket and the Message-Chunking gets integrated from the ANSI C stack. De-serialization takes place directly in .NET and therefore gets converted directly into .NET structures and objects. This provides better performance than de-serializing into a C structure first and then copying the data to a .NET structure afterwards.
Java implementation
Various stacks for Java were being developed. Similar to .NET, there are principally three variants:
Encapsulate the complete ANSI C stack via JNI, which complicates portability. Although the stack can be ported to different operating systems, it needs to get compiled for those individually. Also, the data needs to get copied to the JNI boundary, but benefits from the performance of C during de-serialization.
Code directly on the network layer (similar to the current .Net implementation) and de-serialize in Java. This saves one data copy execution, but still depends on the C stack.
Write a native Java OPC UA stack. This was observed to be the most portable, but estimated to take the most engineering effort to implement. The Eclipse Milo project provides a pure-Java, open-source, implementation of the UA 1.03 client and server specification.
Alternatively, there is the simple variant to only support the WebService protocol. For that, a SOAP Toolkit that supports WS-Security is needed.
JavaScript and Typescript implementation
node-opcua is a complete implementation of the OPC UA for client and server written entirely in Typescript for Node.js.
Python implementation
The FreeOpcUa project provides two implementations in pure Python programming language – opcua-asyncio (requires Python >=3.7) and python-opcua (compatible with Python 2, 3 and pypy; it requires Cython for the lxml library, but is in maintenance mode and opcua-asyncio is recommended). Both provide high-level abstractions of an OPC UA client and server which can be used as is or readily extended for custom applications.
The S2OPC C-implementation provides a python wrapper PyS2OPC.
Rust implementation
Rust for OPC UA provides an API and samples for implementing OPC UA client and servers up to embedded profile level. This includes support for encryption, subscriptions and the default node set.
TypeScript / JavaScript implementation
TypeScript / JavaScript OPC UA client for the browser is an OPC UA client that works in the browser. It is completely written in TypeScript and compiled to JavaScript. The source code is publicly available and has an MIT license. It includes OPC UA binary data encoding and uses WebSockets as the transport protocol.
Tcl implementation
Topcua is a Tcl binding to OPC UA client and server. It provides several operations to manage and communicate using the OPC UA implementation. It is available on common POSIX and Windows platforms.
IEC 62541
IEC 62541 is a standard for OPC Unified Architecture.
See also
OPC Data Access
OLE for process control
OPC Foundation
References
Literature
Wolfgang Mahnke, Stefan-Helmut Leitner, Matthias Damm: OPC Unified Architecture. Springer Verlag 2009;
Lange, J., Iwanitz, F., Burke, T. OPC From Data Access to Unified Architecture 2010;
External links
OPC Foundation
Introduction to OPC UA based on the open source open62541 SDK
CECILL-C Licensed OPC UA implementation
Cross platform OPC UA development and free cross platform clients (Windows, Linux, Android, iOS)
Multiplatform OPC UA mySCADA running on Windows, Linux, macOS, Android and iOS
Ignition Native Java OPC UA Stack
Introduction to OPC UA Address Space modelling
Node-OPCUA -OPC UA for nodejs – (MIT licence)
OPC UA for Android devices
OPC Unified Architecture e-Book
Open Source OPC UA SDK for Java
The FreeOpcUa project implement an open-source (LGPL) OPC UA stack and associated tools.
SDK for OPC UA (Java) and free client/server
The OPC Programmer's Connection
A Tale of Two Industrial IoT Standards: DDS and OPC UA
Woopsa – a protocol bringing functionalities similar to OPC UA to the Web
OPC UA Gateway for Industry 4.0
S2OPC open source safe OPC UA
A complete guide on OPC UA
Learn OPC UA online
Application programming interfaces
Automation
Computer standards
"Silhouettes" is a song written by the Scottish experimental rock group Marmaduke Duke. It is included on their second album 'Duke Pandemonium and was released as a single on 6 July 2009. The single release of Silhouettes will be a remix version by Jacknife Lee. This version was first played by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio One in May 2009 with a preview being added to the bands Myspace page soon after.
A video has been filmed which is set to continue the story of the Duke as shown in videos for previous singles 'Kid Gloves' and 'Rubber Lover'.
References
External links
2009 singles
Marmaduke Duke songs
2009 songs
14th Floor Records singles
József Fogl, also known as József Fogoly, József Újpesti and Fogl III (14 August 1897 – 6 February 1971) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Újpest FC, as well as representing the Hungarian national football team.
Fogl was born in Újpest, Austria-Hungary. Between 1920 and 1930 they played 37 games for the Hungarian national team as a left defender. Together with their older brother, Károly Fogl II, the two Fogls formed the legendary "Fogl-gate" (Fogl-gát in Hungarian), an extremely powerful and tough defending formation for more than a decade.
Fogl III won the 1929 Mitropa Cup and the 1930 Coupe des Nations as well as the 1929–30 and 1930–31 season with Újpest, being the captain of the team on all occasions. They died in Budapest on 6 February 1971.
References
Hungarian footballers
Hungary international footballers
People from Újpest
Újpest FC players
1897 births
1971 deaths
Association football fullbacks
Footballers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Hungary
Michal Ansky (; born 11 October 1980), is an Israeli gastronomist, food journalist and television personality.
Biography
Michal Ansky was born Gabrielle Ansky and raised in Jerusalem, to Jewish parents. Them father Alex Ansky, was born in 1939 as Aleksander Abrabanel in Bulgaria, into a Ladino-speaking household. Them mother Sherry (née Gavriyahu) was born in Israel, into a Yiddish-speaking Masorti household. Michal Asnky's mother is a journalist and gastronomist, and their father, an actor and radio presenter. Michal's paternal grandfather, Eliezer Asher Ansky, born Abrabanel (1903–1990) was the founder and director of the Bimatenu children's theatre and worked in their sixties as an artist, creating a sculpture for the Tel Aviv Rabbinate and creatively restoring a wall mosaic in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, among others.
Ansky attended Gymnasia Rehavia high school in Jerusalem. They then served as an officer in the Israeli military (IDF), in the Air Force filming unit. After completing their military service, they continued to do reserve duty as an administrations officer in the Public Relations Unit.
Ansky was married to Israeli architect Roee Hemed. Their daughter was born in February 2011. They divorced in 2013.
In 2019 they fell ill with Bell's palsy.
Education
2004 – History and Literature studies at Venice International University
2008 – Bachelor of Arts in History and Literature from Tel Aviv University.
2009 – Master in Gastronomic Sciences from the Slow Food University of Gastronomic Sciences in Italy, specializing in food products quality.
Culinary and media career
At the age of 17, Ansky wrote a food column for a local Jerusalem newspaper, Kol Ha'ir.
Following the completion of their military service, Ansky wrote a column called "The Missing Piece" (Hahatiha hahasera) for 'Walla' culture website, was part of the all-girl talk show "Girls" (Banot) which aired on Hot Cable network in 2007, and wrote and presented a historical and culinary segment for the TV show "Quality time" (Zman Eichut) which aired in 2007 on Channel 1.
In 2008 they worked as a culinary and cultural reporter for Ma'ariv newspaper and also wrote for the gastronomic magazine "The Food Route" (Derech Haochel). In 2009 they participated in "The Dinner Club" (Moa'adon Aruchat Haerev), which aired on Channel 2, as a field reporter.
Later that year, Ansky started hosting two TV cooking shows: "As Fresh As It Gets" alongside Chef Omer Miller and "The Queen of the Market", both focusing on local and organic produce. The TV shows aired for 3 seasons on the Israeli Food Channel and Channel 10.
In late 2010, Ansky began presenting the Israeli version of Master Chef, alongside Chefs Haim Cohen, Eyal Shani and Rafi Adar in Season 1, Cohen, Shani and Yonatan Rochfeld in Seasons 2-6, and Cohen, Shani and Yisrael Aharoni in Seasons 6-10. The show's popularity led to Ansky being invited to join Master Chef USA as a guest judge, along with Chef Gordon Ramsay. In April 2012, Ansky hosted the first season of Junior Master Chef Israel, alongside Haim Cohen, Eyal Shani and Yonatan Rochfeld. In its 2021 season, continues to be one of the hosts of MasterChef Israel, together with Haim Cohen, Eyal Shani and Yisrael Aharoni.
In 2010, they hosted "Cooking from Books" (Mevashlim Mehasfarim) for the Israeli Food Channel.
In December 2012, Ansky gave a talk on food and memories at Tedx Jerusalem, an independently organized TED event.
Ansky currently presents the radio show, "Ansky and Enzel" together with Efrat Enzel, on the 103FM radio station.
Business career
In 2007, Ansky founded the Farmers Market at the Tel Aviv Port, which they currently continue to manage. The purpose of the market, which exists these days in six locations in Israel (Tel Aviv, Beersheba, Raanana, Herzeliya, Holon and Rishon Lezion). is to bring fresh agricultural produce directly from the farmer to the consumer, thereby eliminating commissions and reducing the cost to the consumer.
In 2010, Ansky founded "Shuk Hanamal", the first indoor market in Israel at the Tel Aviv port, together with their husband, the architect Roee Hemed, and Shir Halpern.
In 2015, they were involved in joint culinary ventures with Amir Bramly who invested Rubicon Business Group funds. They also invested their own private funds with Bramly's "Kela fund". In November 2015, following Kela fund's financial difficulties they said in a television interview with Channel 2 news that they lost more than a million NIS (US$250,000). Restaurants which were owned by Bramly's Rubicon Business group but managed and presented under Ansky's name were closed, and some of their future ventures with Bramly, including a planned food market in New York City were cancelled. They managed to salvage some joint ventures with a court approved "divorce" restructuring, so that they reverted fully to their name in return for a 1.2 million NIS payment to Rubicon.
In August 2021, Ansky opened a branch of Sherry Herring, a sandwich shop offering herring sandwiches served with a shot of vodka, in Manhattan's Upper West Side. The original shop was opened by Ansky in Tel Aviv and is named after their mother
Personal life
Ansky was married to architect Roi Hemed, with whom they had one daughter, before they divorced in 2013. In October 2019, they married a business person Eyal Amir, and had another daughter.
Gallery
Published works
Ansky's first cookbook, "'Food from Home", was published in January 2013.
See also
Israeli cuisine
Women of Israel
References
External links
Shuk Hanamal site
Farmer Markets in Israel site
Rob Eshman (April 5, 2011), Michal Ansky celebrates spring's bounty on Passover, in The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles
(May 27, 2011), The farmers' market foodies set out their stall, in The Jewish Chronicle
Steve Walz (July 3, 2011), Where “Master Chef” Meets The Farmer's Market in Come See Israel site
in info live TV channel
(in Hebrew)
1980 births
Living people
People from Jerusalem
Israeli television presenters
Israeli journalists
Israeli women journalists
Israeli people of Bulgarian-Jewish descent
Israeli Ashkenazi Jews
Israeli Sephardi Jews
Israeli women television presenters
Mervyn Douglas Collins (August 10, 1933 – June 12, 2019) was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ottawa Rough Riders and Edmonton Eskimos. They won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960. They owned a paving company in Toronto and later was a teacher.
References
1933 births
2019 deaths
Edmonton Elks players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Some Delaware high schools are not aligned with a Delaware Interscholastic Athletic Association conference.
Mt. Sophia Academy
Caravel Academy
Salesianum School
Delaware Academy Of Public Safety and Security
Delmarva Christian High School
St. Thomas More
Centreville Layton High School
Freire Charter Wilmington
Delaware Design-Lab High School
References
Non-conference
Shamlaji, also spelled Shamalaji, is a major Hindu pilgrimage centre in Aravalli district of Gujarat state of India. The Shamlaji temple is dedicated to Vishnu. Several other Hindu temples are located nearby.
The present temple dedicated to Shamlaji, a form of Vishnu was perhaps started in the 11th century in Chaulukya style, but the present structure dates from the 15th-16th centuries. The sculpture of Vishnu in the sanctuary is probably seventh-8th century, and the small temple opposite houses a sixth-century sculpture of Shiva. The oldest intact temple is the small ninth-century Harishchandrani Chauri Temple, with a gateway nearby. Several ruins of temples, scattered idols and old brick-works surrounding the place establishes antiquity of the place.
A fourth-century Buddhist monastery and stupa at Devnimori is about away, but is now under by the waters of the Meshvo Reservoir. This site dates to the Mauryan period, and a much older microlith site known as Dhek-Vadlo locally was found near Shamlaji.
Shamlaji was an important Hindu centre in the sixth century, probably the home of a sculpture workshop whose creations are found as far away as Mumbai, where the Parel Relief was found. Most of the ancient sculpture found at Shamlaji, in blueish schist, has now been removed to museums, especially to Mumbai and Vadodara.
Shamlaji temple
Shamlaji temple is located on the banks of the Meshvo river in the valley surrounded by well wooded hills. It is also referred to as Dholi Dhajawala due to white silk flag fluttering on top of the temple.
Built of white sandstone and brick it is surrounded by a wall with a gateway. It is of two stories, supported on pillars, and a canopy with arches on each side. The lower courses of richly carved stone are of great age. Above them runs a frieze with an unintelligible pattern, and, above this, running right round the building, a fringe of elephants' heads and forequarters carved in stone. Above this is a very ranch worn frieze full of figures in bass-relief, men on horseback with bows, and animals. The elephant is a very frequent emblem. Besides the fringe frieze above mentioned, there are, on the outer wall, between every two angles, larger figures of semi-rampant elephants standing out in relief, and, in front of the entrance, stands on either side of the doorway a gigantic cement elephant. Above the shrine, a pyramid-based tower rises into a spire like a high-shouldered cone with flattened sides. The forepart of the roof consists of a number of small domes springing from a flat roof, or rather of a flat trabeate roof, with domes here and there, the largest being in the centre. Outside at all the angles of the roof are figures of animals and the gargoyles. On walls, there are some scenes from the epics Mahabharata and Ramayana.
Of the two inscriptions, one is to the left in the upper story and bears date 94 AD and 102 AD. This writing, cut in stone, is not very archaic and could not be of the date it professes to record. It may be a transcript of an older inscription or the record of an old tradition. The other, on copper at the entrance of the temple, records repairs executed in 1762 AD by the then Thakor of Tintoi. From these two inscriptions, name of the deity seems to be Gadadharji, the holder of the club, a well known title of Vishnu, Krishna, or Shamlaji. The cow idols are also worshiped depictiong childhood of Krishna as cowherd. It is one of the 154 important pilgrimage sites of Vaishnavism.
The temple was claimed by Jains in the past. Years ago the Idar State rulers gave the fiefdom of Shamlaji temple to the Modhari Rao Saheb with other villages like Revdar, Devdar, Napada, Khalsa, Sunsar, Modhari, etc. The Rao of Modhari still holds trusteeship of Shamlaji Temple.
Other places of interest
Near the Shamlaji temple the river forms deep pools, much resorted to by persons bewitched or devil-possessed. To the north the waters of the Karmanu pond, and the Surya reservoir have the property of washing away sin.
Nearby Old Shamlaji temple is said to have been the original temple. The temple dedicated to Somnarayan, is, except the adytum, open on all sides, with a flat ceiling, surmounted by a pyramidal roof, supported on plain square stone pillars with carved capitals. Part of the shrine walls seem to have been formed of a series of upright stone slabs with sculptured figures in low relief. Many of these still remain. The most curious thing about the building is that, at the front and rear and both sides, in the centre of the facade the roof ends in a triangular pediment composed of boldly sculptured figures. Inside the building near the shrine, and, on the left hand as one faces it, is a remarkable human head in high relief standing out from the base of the span of an arch. The features are more human-looking than those generally seen in Hindu temples, and the arrangement of the hair is curious. There is a corresponding face on the other side but it is much worn or broken, while this is fresh and clear in its lines. In the shrine, part of the original altar or image seat still remains. It has been roughly heightened by bricks loosely piled on it, and on the raised superstructure stands a slab with a representation said to be of Somnarayan. This slab probably originally formed part of the outer wall of the shrine.
Kashi Vishwanath Mahadev temple, is seven feet below ground level and its pyramidal roof rise to the level of the land round it. It is entered through a gateway by a gradually deepening passage. Perhaps the temple was originally built in a hollow which has filled up. It
looks old though not so old as Somnarayan' s the most ancient looking building in the place. In a small shrine between the Shamlaji temple and the river, late-Gupta period idol of standing Ganesha is worshiped. Trilokeshwar is a small temple opposite the Shamlaji temple dedicated to Shiva having idol with trident. On the opposite bank of the river, there is a temple dedicated to Ranchhodji, another form of Krishna.
The temple at Harishchandra ni Chori dates back to tenth century. The structure is enclosed within courtyard with lost walls except the ornamental gateway (Torana). There is a rectangular sanctum and a large pavilion in front of it.
Devni Mori, from Shamlaji, has remains of a Buddhist monastery dated to third-fourth century. The inscribed casket with body relics of Buddha was found from the Stupa excavated here.
The tomb of Navgaja Pir, a maulvi, is revered by many tribals.
Shyamalvan is a theme-based garden developed by Forest Department of Government of Gujarat. It was inaugurated by then Chief Minister of Gujarat, Narendra Modi, on 18 July 2009.
Fair
A large annual fair is held on Kartik Sud 15th (October). The tribal community revers the Shamlaji as Kaliyo Dev or the Dark Divine. The large number of devotees visit the place and bathe in the river. Silver ornaments, metalwares, clothes and household items are sold during the fair.
Connectivity
Shamlaji is around 20 km from Bhiloda and 29 km from Modasa. Located off National Highway 8, Shamlaji is frequented by state transport buses from Himmatnagar and Ahmedabad.
Train : Shamlaji Road railway station is nearest (14 km) railway station to Shamlaji. There are two daily passenger trains operated by the Indian railways on meter gauge track.
Notes
References
Michell, George (1990), The Penguin Guide to the Monuments of India, Volume 1: Buddhist, Jain, Hindu, 1990, Penguin Books,
Sara L. Schastok, The Śāmalājī Sculptures and sixth Century Art in Western India, Brill, 1985, .
External links
Villages in Aravalli district
Hindu temples in Gujarat
11th-century Hindu temples
11th-century establishments in India
Vishnu temples
Eagleville, California may refer to:
Eagleville, Modoc County, California
Eagleville, Yuba County, California
The Amateur First Division () comprises a number of football leagues that make up the seventh tier of the Turkish football league system. Each province has its own league.
See also
Süper Lig
TFF First League
TFF Second League
TFF Third League
Turkish Regional Amateur League
Türkiye Kupası – Turkish cup (since 1962–63)
References
6
Turk
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 100 metres backstroke event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Thursday 1998-01-15 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
Remarks
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 100m Backstroke (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 100m Backstroke (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 100m Backstroke (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 100m Backstroke (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Janetta Vance (16 February 1855 – 15 November 1921) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Vance competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 23rd place in the event with 385 points.
References
External links
Janetta Vance's profile at Sports Reference.com
1855 births
1921 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Dan Eggen (born 13 January 1970) is a Norwegian football manager and former player.
They have previously coached KFUM Oslo and Kolbotn in the Norwegian Premier League for women. They were capped 25 times for Norway, scoring two goals.
Career
Dan Eggen played as centre-back. They started their career in the Norwegian amateur leagues with sides such as Lyn, Årvoll and Ready. Later they went on to play for several teams outside of Norway: Danish teams BK Frem and Brøndby IF, Spanish teams Celta Vigo and Alavés (where they played in the 2001 UEFA Cup Final), French team Le Mans and Scottish club Rangers.
Eggen represented Norway in 25 caps, scoring two goals. They were a part of the 1994 and 1998 World Cup squads, and the 2000 European Football Championship squad. They were not used in any matches in the 1994 World Cup, but was a key player in 1998 and 2000. Eggen scored the equaliser against Morocco to secure a 2–2 draw for the Norwegians at the Stade de la Mosson, Montpellier in 1998.
After retirement
In 2005, Eggen started a bachelor's degree in economics at the University of Oslo, Norway.  They are currently the manager of the rock band El Caco. They have studied football coaching at Wang Idrettsgymnas and has been head coach of Kolbotn in the Norwegian Premier League for women, and for KFUM.
Appears in Satyricon's DVD Roadkill Extravaganza, where they are visiting the band backstage, revealing themselves as a fan of Norwegian black metal.
During a Pantera concert in Spain, Eggen joined the band on stage for 30 seconds and showed off headbanging and air guitar playing.
References
External links
Brøndby IF partial statistics
Boldklubben Frem profile
Eggen on stage with Pantera.
1970 births
Living people
Footballers from Oslo
Association football defenders
Norwegian footballers
Norway international footballers
Boldklubben Frem players
Brøndby IF players
Danish Superliga players
Le Mans FC players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Rangers F.C. players
La Liga players
Deportivo Alavés players
RC Celta de Vigo players
Lyn Fotball players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 2000 players
Norwegian football managers
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
George Haywood (11 December 1906 – 25 January 1992) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward. They made 60 appearances and scored 23 goals in the Football League, playing for Birmingham, Chesterfield and Southport.
Early life and career
George Haywood was born on 11 December 1906 in Gelsmoor, Leicestershire. They were the son of Joseph Haywood, a coal miner, and their wife Lizzie, and was raised in nearby Coleorton.
Haywood worked as a miner at Coleorton Colliery and New Lount Colliery, and played football for three seasons for their local club, Coleorton Bible Class of the Coalville Sunday Schools League. In April 1927, they were selected to represent that league against their Leicester counterparts, and they joined Whitwick Imperial of the Leicestershire Senior League ahead of the coming season. They had trials with several higher-level clubs, including Leicester City, Southend United, for whose reserves they scored twice against Watford in a London Combination match and played against Leicester City in the same competition; Chesterfield, and Loughborough Corinthians, for whom they played once in the Midland League but did not turn up for their second outing. Haywood remained with Whitwick until April 1928, when they signed for Birmingham Combination club Gresley Rovers. They scored twice on debut, in a 4–0 win against Tamworth Castle, and took their league totals to 11 goals from 20 matches by the end of November.
Birmingham
After a trial in which they and Gresley team-mate Tommy Robinson played for Birmingham's Combination side, both signed professional forms for the Football League First Division club in January 1929. It was a year until they made their first-team debut: having been until then restricted to third-team football, they stood in for the injured Joe BradfordEngland international and, , the club's all-time top scorerfor the visit of league-leaders Manchester City on 7 December 1929. Despite the misgivings of some, they produced what the Evening Despatch "Look round the world of sport" column dubbed "a display which would not have discredited players of far greater experience and bigger reputations", scored twice in a 3–0 win, and "proved to be a tenacious player, who never gave up until the ball was finally cleared, and, above all, a young man who had a very clear conception of the whereabouts of the goal." They played seven games before Bradford regained fitness and their place, and another five alongside them later in the season, and scored six goals, which included winners against Liverpool and Leeds United.
They were unable to maintain such form, and appeared only rarely before surgery to a knee injured in December was expected to put paid to their season. They did reappear, in mid-April 1931, but underwent a second operation in July and was unable to resume even third-team action until October. They were called into the League side as a late replacement for Sam Smith for the visit of Everton on 2 January 1932, and despite appearing nervous in the first half, at the start of the second they opened the scoring with two quick goals as Birmingham went on to beat the League leaders 4–0. They kept their place for seven games, scoring once more.
On their next appearance, in October 1932, they were "full of life", "a source of inspiration to the other forwards", and the victim of a linesman's "doubtful decision" that caused the referee to disallow a goal they had already awarded, as Birmingham came back from a goal down to beat Sheffield Wednesday. It later emerged that they had played the last 25 minutes with a broken arm. They returned to the team in December, and for the first time in their Birmingham career enjoyed frequent, if not regular, selection. They scored a hat-trick in a 4–0 defeat of Everton, and finished the season with five goals from 11 First Division matches and two from 5 in the FA Cup. Haywood played little in 1933–34, but still scored three goals from their six appearances, including a late winner in the FA Cup third round against Sheffield United, and they were not retained at the end of that season.
Later life and career
They went on to Chesterfield of the Third Division North, but made a slow start and lost their place. When they returned to the side in December, they scored seven goals from their first five matches, and kept their place for a further month until Harry Clifton was switched to centre forward to accommodate Adam Dawson at inside right.
Haywood was not one of the 17 players retained by Chesterfield, and they signed for Birmingham League club Cradley Heath. By November they were second-highest scorer in the Birmingham League, and had 18 by mid-December. They then returned to the Football League with Southport, for whom they played in six Third Division North matches between 21 December 1935 and 18 January 1936, scoring once. They rejoined Cradley Heath ahead of the next season, and carried on where they left off, with three goals from the first two fixtures. They remained with Cradley Heath until the end of 1937, when they began a brief but eventful spell with Birmingham League club, Stafford Rangers. They scored the winning goal against local rivals Hednesford Town on Christmas Day to give their club their first home league win of the season, was injured in the second half of the following day's reverse fixtureneither goal nor appearances would count, as Hednesford withdrew from the league during the season, and their only official appearance for Stafford was on New Year's Day in a 6–1 defeat at home to Cardiff City's reserves.
The 1939 Register records Haywood living with their parents in Coleorton and working in New Lount Colliery time office. Haywood was admitted to Coalville Community Hospital with inflammation of the knee, contracted bronchopneumonia, and died there on 25 January 1992 at the age of 85.
References
Sources
1906 births
1992 deaths
People from Coleorton
English footballers
Association football forwards
Whitwick Imperial F.C. players
Loughborough Corinthians F.C. players
Gresley F.C. players
Birmingham City F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Cradley Heath F.C. players
Southport F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Midland Football League players
English Football League players
Dissociation is the sixth and final album by American metal band The Dillinger Escape Plan. It was released on October 14, 2016 by Party Smasher Inc. Alongside the announcement of the album, the band revealed it would be their last, breaking up after the album's touring cycle.
Background
In August 2016, a press release titled “Is this the end of The Dillinger Escape Plan?!", The Dillinger Escape Plan announced that their new album, Dissociation, would be released on October 14, the band said that the record is “potentially” their last ever release, and that they will shortly be heading into a "extended hiatus", In a Noisey interview, guitarist Ben Weinman described the "extended hiatus" as a natural destination for the band rather than the result of a dispute, with the band members intending to avoid "pull[ing] a Seinfeld and [instead] go out while we're still on top ... I don't like the idea of slowing down or doing it less often, I like to just dive in full-force and take things to the extreme because that's what this band has always been about."
Around the time of the announcement it was unclear whether the band was breaking up or taking an extended hiatus. However in an interview with Metal Hammer magazine vocalist Greg Puciato spoke about the use of the term "Extended hiatus" saying, "Extended hiatus' would lead people to believe that we think we're gonna come back. We're breaking up. We're not going on an extended hiatus."
Composition, lyrics and recording
In July, 2015, Weinman announced during an Australian interview that the band will return to the studio in November to record the follow-up to their 2013 album One of Us Is the Killer. When asked about the sound of the album Weinman said "It doesn't sound like anything in our catalogue production-wise. Calculating didn't sound like any record I had ever heard, it sounded cold and weird. In that respect, it's kind of a bookend to Calculating.”
Greg Puciato had chosen the title Dissociation as early as mid-2013. Around three quarters in the making of the album, Weinman and the singer discussed and eventually decided to finish the band, a situation which coincidentally matched the album's title and some of its themes addressed, such as personal loss and separation. Later on, Puciato had to explain that the overall lyrics of Dissociation did not refer to the separation of the band.
Before composing the songs, Puciato listened to their instrumental hundreds of times, in different environments, until a "breakthrough" happened which usually involved a short verse, and after that their writing naturally progressed. As with previous albums, they approached the lyrics from a personal perspective and they reflected issues they dealt with at the time, reason as to why several songs came from "a position of vulnerability." They described this process as difficult, and likened it to "jamming your finger down your throat and throwing up and seeing what's there. Then you take these chunks and form them into whatever you're working with."
The opening track, "Limerent Death", was recorded with a Shure SM58 microphone with a 1176 Peak Limiter compressor. On the bridge before its short outro, Puciato repeats the verse "I gave you everything you wanted/You were everything to me," increasingly louder and distorted for more than a minute, in what Revolver called the attestation to their "full sacrificial commitment to their craft." Deliberately, this phrasing was the last part recorded for the album, with the singer intending to evoke an "emotional exorcism" in a single take. Once finished, they ended up on the verge of passing out and vomiting. Weiman referred to "Limerent Death" as "one of my all-time favorite DEP songs, I feel that this song is one of the rare instances where all the members are feeling, and conveying, the same energy from start to end. A sharp focused dagger plowing its way through thick heavy walls." In a December 2017 fan poll, the song would be elected as the best vocal performance by Puciato.
The last song, "Dissociation", is an electronic ballad accompanied by string quartet SEVEN)SUNS. The track was based on a drum loop that Weinman and drummer Zach Hill had created in the mid-2000s, whereas its melody was created by Puciato in 1999, when they were nineteen years old, and both pieces coincidentally fitted with each other. The singer described the creation of the song as "com[ing] full circle".
Promotion, release and tour
The band announced the album's release date of October 14, 2016 alongside premiering the track “Limerent Death” on BBC Radio 1's Rock Show with Daniel P. Carter. On September 27, 2016 the band released the second and final single from the album "Symptom of Terminal Illness". On October 14, the album was released on the band's own label, Party Smasher Inc.
On February 12, 2017, during their European farewell tour, The Dillinger Escape Plan was involved in a vehicle crash after a truck collided with their bus near Radomsko, Poland. The truck driver, who ended up seriously wounded, pleaded guilty to falling asleep while driving. Thirteen people in all were injured, and while none of the band members were gravely hurt, they "narrowly survived" the incident. In April 2018, rhythm guitarist Kevin Antreassian revealed they had two fractured vertebrae and, as a consequence, played with a back brace for a month. Puciato tore a quadriceps, which they did not treat immediately and worsened, and in an extensive 2018 interview with Kerrang! the singer revealed that they began to suffer from serious mental health issues during this tour, including panic disorder and hypochondria, but following the accident their symptoms became "almost unlivable" and had to receive treatment. Fans raised over $20,000 in a week to the band following the crash. While dealing with this and other incidents, Puciato wrote extensively and took thousands of pictures during the tour, which helped them to go through that period. Their writing and photographs were eventually released as the book Separate the Dawn, released on February 12, 2019, on the second anniversary of their bus accident.
Critical reception
Dissociation received acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has an average score of 86 based on 15 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Track listing
Personnel
Dissociation personnel according to liner notes.
The Dillinger Escape Plan
Greg Puciato – vocals
Ben Weinman – lead guitar
Kevin Antreassian – rhythm guitar
Liam Wilson – bass
Billy Rymer – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Andrew Digrius – trumpet
SEVEN)Suns – performed and arranged all strings:
Amanda Lo – violin
Earl Maneein – violin, viola
Fung Chern Hwei – viola, violin
Jennifer Devore – cello
Zach Hill – additional drums on "Dissociation"
Production
Steve Evetts – engineering, production
Josh Wilbur – additional engineering
Kevin Antreassian – additional engineering
Mike Watts – additional engineering
Frank Mitaritonna – additional engineering
Nicholas Starrantino – assistance engineer
Jonathan Maisto – assistance engineer
Benjamin Weinman – assistance engineer
Kurt Ballou – mixing at GodCity Studio
Josh Wilbur – mixing
Alan Douches – mastering at West West Side
Charts
References
2016 albums
The Dillinger Escape Plan albums
Albums produced by Kurt Ballou
Albums produced by Steve Evetts
Pinctada albina is a species of pearl oyster of the genus Pinctada, known as the sharks bay shell. Another common name is the Arafura shell. It is called the "Amami gai" in Japan.
Pinctada
Pinctada albina belongs to the genus Pinctada. These are saltwater oysters, marine bivalve mollusks of the genus Pinctada in the family Pteriidae. They have a strong inner shell layer composed of nacre, also known as mother of pearl. Pearl oysters are not closely related to the edible oysters of family Ostreidae, and they are also not closely related to the freshwater pearl mussels of the families Unionidae and Margaritiferidae. Like other members of the genus Pinctada, they share the physiological properties that can lead to the production of large pearls of commercial value, and therefore attempts have been made to harvest pearls commercially from many different Pinctada species.
Characteristics
The species is small, only three to four inches in diameter. The shells are either grayish or greenish yellow and surrounded by a few indistinct brownish-green radial bands. Nacre is tinted yellowish-green, with a slight border of pale yellow, and has brown markings. The shell has a rounded outline, with a nearly equal height and width.
Oyster shells are usually oval or pear-shaped, but will vary widely in form depending on what they attach to.
Oysters have a strong inner shell layer composed of nacre, also known as "mother of pearl".
An oyster can filter 1.3 gallons of water per hour.
Habitat and distribution
Although the population stretches along the northern coast up the Great Barrier Reef, P. albina is predominantly found in Shark Bay, Western Australia. P. albina thrives in relatively shallow waters, which contributed to its being the first Australian pearl oyster discovered. When white adventurers first recruited Aboriginals to collect pearl oysters, they found P. albina, as it was accessible from wading or swimming offshore.
The distribution of P. albina reaches Northern Australia, from Indonesia through the Philippines and up to Micronesia. The widespread distribution is equal to P. maxima. They can also be found in China, Korea, and Vietnam.
Commercially
Pearls are only occasionally found. They are yellow and small. The nacre is thin and the shells are small, making them of little commercial value. However, before the introduction of the Mississippi shell, their ideal shape for buttons made “Shark Bay” shells critical to the Mother of Pearl Industry in the 19th century. Today, the species is used for culturing blister pearls (Mabe pearls).
References
Sources
http://shell.kwansei.ac.jp/~shell/pic_book/data37/r003666.html
Pearls
Bivalves of Australia
Fauna of Western Australia
Invertebrates of China
Molluscs of the Philippines
Fauna of Indonesia
Invertebrates of Korea
Invertebrates of Vietnam
Bivalves described in 1819
Taxa named by Jean-Baptiste Lamarck
Pteriidae
Luan Vukatana (born 13 January 1959) is an Albanian retired football midfielder.
Club career
Vukatana joined the senior team of Vllaznia Shkodër at age 16 and won 2 league titles and three domestic cups with the club. With Roland Luçi, they scored a "passed penalty" goal in a 1981 Albanian Cup trashing of KS Pogradeci. In 2009, Vukatana was chosen in the best ever Vllaznia XI in the history of the club.
International career
They made their debut for Albania in a September 1982 European Championship qualification match away against Austria and earned a total of 8 caps, scoring no goals. Their final international was another European Championship qualification match, in November 1983 against West Germany.
Honours
Albanian Superliga: 2
1978, 1983
Albanian Cup: 3
1979, 1981, 1987
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Footballers from Shkodër
Association football midfielders
Albanian footballers
Albania international footballers
KF Vllaznia Shkodër players
Kategoria Superiore players
Magisano is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region, southern Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Charlotte Sharman (1832–1929) was a Christian woman who ran orphanages for girls in West Square Southwark, Gravesend, Hampton, and Tunbridge Wells. She, in the course of their lifetime, cared for and educated over 1,200 destitute children. The lady was an apostle of practical religion.
Youth
Sharman was born on 19 May 1832 in Southwark, called The Borough by Londoners of the time, and was the younger daughter of Frederick (Thomas) and Phoebe Sharman. Them year of birth was the same year as George Müller, another director of orphanages, arrived in Bristol. It was to be the place where Müller began an inspiring project that caught the imagination of the young Charlotte.
They and their sister Phoebe were baptised in the Congregational Church in Walpole Road. Them father was a general labourer, and in the 1841 census they and their family were recorded as living at Union Place, Newington, in the borough of Lambeth. They worked in a shoe factory at the time. Them mother was the daughter of William West, a gardener who won a silver trophy award for their development of the garden in the centre of West Square. West Square was to become the main place of their granddaughter's orphanages.
As a child Sharman was physically very frail, and their mother educated them at home because of their delicate constitution.
Beginnings
After their home education Sharman worked as a governess with their sister in a school set up by their parents. In 1861 they lodged with Phoebe in 148 Windmill Street, Gravesend, but after their sister's marriage they could no longer carry on teaching. Around this time they became aware of the plight of orphan children.
This was highlighted by Charles Dickens who vividly portrayed the horrors of the workhouse, the lot of poor children, and the evil of child slavery. Sharman began to take girls from off the streets and those bound for the workhouses and put them with families of friends that they knew. They had 13 girls in various places that they cared for. Sharman provided them with clothes and paid the foster parents to look after them. At this time they had no intention of starting their own homes and passed on around 30 girls to George Müller for admittance to their homes in Bristol. Mary Ann was one of the first they cared for, a child of 11 who was living in appalling conditions with their paralysed and fever-ridden grandmother.
Homes
The idea of a home to care for their girls came from the Reverend Samuel Martin, minister of Westminster Chapel where Sharman was a member. They suggested they write a pamphlet about their need of a home to care for girls. There were other homes around but entrance was competitive, and a great deal of influence, votes, and money was often needed to gain admittance to them. In response to the pamphlet finance came in, and on 6 May 1867 they rented the house next to their mother in West Square and opened their first home for 13 girls. The home provided "home and domestic training to destitute orphan girls". Within three months the house was filled with 18 children aged three to 13 years old. By 1870 three houses were being occupied in and off West Square. Another was added that summer to make it four.
In 1871 the census indicates that the nursery branch of the orphanage was located at 32, West Square, with 36 residents. A second house in 23, West Square, held 5- to 8-year-olds, again with 36 residents. At 22 West Square Charlotte lived with their mother who worked as their accountant. Around the corner in 14 South Street a third house known as 'The Mansion' for over 8s held 93 residents. This house was made available to Sharman by the Vicar of Botolph for a low rent and was also used as a school.
Two young orphans at that time were Walter and Kate Lindsell. Kate was seven and their young brother only two years nine months when their mother died shortly after their father, leaving the family orphaned and destitute. Poor relatives from Hornchurch brought the two to SE 11 where Charlotte Sharman willingly took them in. When Walter reached five years old Sharman felt they were getting too old to stay with their sister in a girl's home and applied for them to be taken into George Müller's home. They were accepted there in September 1873 and after nine years left Müller's homes to be apprenticed as a shoemaker in Street, Somerset. Kate later returned to Hornchurch, married a carpenter and brought up a family of five children.
Orphanages
By 1873 Sharman was caring for 206 children. The mansion was in very poor condition, and the order to pull it down led to Sharman deciding to build their own orphanage. On 22 July 1875 the foundation stone of the 'Orphans nest' was laid by the Duchess of Sutherland. Samuel Morley, M.P., presided. On 6 May 1876, exactly nine years after opening their first home, the north wing of the new building was completed. During the building process Sharman moved some of the residents of the smaller houses to Hampton. When the North Wing was opened, some of these Hampton residents were moved back, but others were sent to Gravesend where they had acquired an old building called 'the castle'. The last wing of the new building was completed in 1884. The building still exists and currently (2010) houses the administrative offices of the Imperial War Museum.
The following year saw them buy a freehold house called 'The Cedars' in Gravesend. They opened it for 40 children, and a further 24 children were located in a house in Tunbridge Wells offered to them by a benefactor rent free. In 1896 they went on to buy a house named 'The Limes', in Mount Pleasant, Hastings. At this time there were 264 children under their charge, of which 200 were in West Square.
At their Jubilee year 1912, 348 girls were in care. A thanksgiving service was held in their honour at Westminster Chapel led by Dr Campbell Morgan. King George V and Randall Thomas Davidson, the then-Archbishop of Canterbury, both sent their congratulations on their achievements.
Running principles
Girls were received at any age, but if they were over 12 years of age a satisfactory reference was required as to character. Regular workhouse cases were not admitted.
Like their mentor George Müller, Charlotte Sharman was dependent on donations for the support of their orphans, or as they liked to call them 'her little people'. They worked with a very strong principle that they would never go into debt whatever the circumstances. People gave them all sorts of gifts, not just money. They established a charity with eight trustees and produced an annual report which became known as their 'small little blue books'. The orphanage was described as "Protestant interdenominational", and the girls went to chapel on Sunday mornings and church in the afternoon.
Sharman established a reputation for very high standards of health. For many years the death rate in the homes was less than the rate in the healthiest towns, being under 1% and in some years nil.
Tribute from friends
John C Carlile, a close friend, paid Sharman the tribute of being a woman of faith, an apostle of practical religion, kind, intelligent, sharp witted and humorous. They wrote, "When they prayed the heavens opened." Among their other friends were the famous evangelical preacher Charles Haddon Spurgeon and the social reformer Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury. At a time when another woman, Elizabeth Fry, was working hard for prison reform, this woman dedicated themselves to the plight of young orphans and rescued hundreds from the cruel streets.
Further reading
1832 births
1929 deaths
English humanitarians
People from Southwark
The Denver Athletic Club, founded in 1884, is a private athletic and social club that is member-owned. Located in Downtown Denver, Colorado, USA. Residing in the historical 1325 Glenarm Place near the Colorado Convention Center, The DAC was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
History
Founded in 1884 and located in the heart of Denver, the Denver Athletic Club is one of the oldest and largest private city clubs in the United States. It is consistently ranked one of the top ten athletic clubs in the country and offers members everything they need to work, play, exercise, network and socialize.
The Denver Athletic Club's athletic facilities include a large fitness center, six racquetball courts, a squash center with seven courts, a full-size basketball/volleyball court, five group exercise studios, an indoor golf simulator and a 25-meter indoor swimming pool.
As a business center and networking facility, the DAC also has meeting and conference rooms, a grand ballroom, a sundeck and a brand-new luxury coworking space.
Members may enjoy access to a licensed childcare center, a full-service spa and wellness center, and social events.
While the amenities are exceptional, The Denver Athletic Club is set apart by its community. A member-owned club, The DAC is operated for the benefit of its membership.
The first home of The DAC was converted from the First Baptist Church on 18th near Curtis. It featured a gymnasium and a clubhouse with a large, handsome Denver Athletic Club sign on the front and with the purpose of "encouraging all proper athletic sports and pastimes of any kind and nature whatsoever". William D. Rathvon, is regarded as its founding father. Additionally, John Elitch, who would later open Elitch Gardens, is credited as helping "inspire" and organize the club.
In the fall of 1890, The DAC moved out of the small secondhand church into its new five-story building at the present location on the corner of 14th and Glenarm. On November 15, 1890, it opened an athletic field with a football game versus the University of Colorado. In 1900, a library was started and grew to hold over 8,000 titles. An addition was completed in 1892 and the 70-foot structure was one of the tallest buildings in Denver for several years, visible from every corner of the city center.
Further additions in the 1920s, 1970s, 1980s and 1990s transformed The DAC into the leading city club in the Rocky Mountain West. For over a century it has been a leader in both fitness and networking and has served at the forefront of Denver's social scene.
References
Romanesque Revival architecture in Colorado
Athletics clubs in the United States
Buildings and structures in Denver
Squash venues in the United States
Gentlemen's clubs in the United States
Organizations based in Denver
Sports organizations established in 1884
1884 establishments in Colorado
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1889
Men's club buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Denver
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
A Small Country is an English-language novel by Siân James, first published by Collins in 1979. It is James's third novel, and has come to be regarded as a significant publication in Anglo-Welsh literature. It includes themes of Welsh identity and women's experience in the pre-First World War period.
Set in 1914, the novel deals with the lives of a farming family in Carmarthenshire. The son, Tom, and daughter, Catrin, are both restless in their rural existence and their father, Josi, abandons their wife and the farm to live with a local schoolteacher.
A new edition, with an introduction by Stan Barstow, was published by Seren Books in 1999. The book was adapted for television in 2006, for a Welsh-language serial, Calon Gaeth; the dramatisation won the 2008 BAFTA Cymru award for Best Drama/Drama Serial for Television.
References
1979 British novels
Novels set during World War I
William Collins, Sons books
Kassimou Djae, better known by their stage name Alonzo, is a French rapper and singer who is signed to Def Jam France.
They started rapping from 2002 onwards and was part of the Marseille-based hip hop band Psy 4 de la Rime as Segnor Alonzo alongside band members Don Vincenzo (real name Illiassa Issilame), Soprano (real name Saïd M'Roubaba) and DJ Sya Styles (real name Rachid Aït Baar).
In 2010, they released a solo album Les temps modernes. Their 2012 album Amour, gloire & cité (aka AG&C) contains collaborations with a number of artists such as Kenza Farah, Soprano and L'Algérino. Their two next albums Règlement de comptes and Avenue de Saint-Antoine are certified gold.
Discography
Albums
As part of Psy 4 de la Rime
2002: Block Party
2005: Enfants de la lune
2008: Les cités d'or
2013: 4eme dimension
Solo
EPs
Singles
*Did not appear in the official Belgian Ultratop 50 charts, but rather in the bubbling under Ultratip charts.
Other songs
As featured artist
References
External links
Psy4 de la Rime Official website
1982 births
Living people
French people of Comorian descent
Musicians from Marseille
Rappers from Bouches-du-Rhône
In enzymology, a 2-acetolactate mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
2-acetolactate 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-oxobutanoate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 2-acetolactate, and one product, 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-oxobutanoate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring other groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-acetolactate methylmutase. Other names in common use include acetolactate mutase, and acetohydroxy acid isomerase. This enzyme participates in valine, leucine and isoleucine biosynthesis. It employs one cofactor, ascorbate.
References
EC 5.4.99
Ascorbate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Bishop Viard College, also known as Viard College or BVC, is a coeducational, integrated, secondary school (years 7–13) located in Kenepuru, Porirua, New Zealand.
History
The college was founded in 1968 by Cardinal Peter McKeefry, Archbishop of Wellington, and was staffed by the Assumptionist Fathers and the Brigidine Sisters. The school was named after Philippe Viard, the first Catholic Bishop of Wellington. Originally the school consisted of two institutions (for boys and girls) on the same site, however it became a single co-educational unit in 1975.
The school celebrated its 50th Jubilee on Labour weekend, 19–21 October 2018.
Notable alumni
Brent Anderson – rugby union player
Izzy Ford – local-body politician and former rugby union player
Faifili Levave – rugby union player
Vince Mellars – rugby league and rugby union player
Anthony Perenise – rugby union player
John Schwalger – rugby union player
References
General
Lillian G. Keys, Philip Viard, Bishop of Wellington, Pegasus Press, Christchurch, 1968.
Ernest Richard Simmons, Brief history of the Catholic Church in New Zealand, Catholic Publications Centre, Auckland, 1978.
Michael King, God's farthest outpost : a history of Catholics in New Zealand, Viking, Auckland 1997.
Michael O'Meeghan S.M., Steadfast in hope : the story of the Catholic Archdiocese of Wellington 1850–2000, Dunmore press, Palmerston North, 2003.
Te Kete Ipurangi
Specific
External links
School website
Educational institutions established in 1968
Catholic secondary schools in the Wellington Region
Schools in Porirua
1968 establishments in New Zealand
The article presents a discography for American country artist Sonny James.
Studio albums
1950s
1960s
1970s and 1980s
Christmas albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
Other singles
Guest singles
Charted B-sides
Notes
A^ "Since I Met You Baby" also peaked at number 38 on the RPM Adult Contemporary Tracks chart in Canada.
References
Country music discographies
Discographies of American artists
A malunion is when a fractured bone does not heal properly. Some ways that it shows is by having the bone being twisted, shorter, or bent. Malunions can occur by having the bones improperly aligned when immobilized, having the cast taken off too early, or never seeking medical treatment after the break.Malunions are painful and commonly produce swelling around the area, possible immobilization, and deterioration of the bone and tissue.
Signs and symptoms
Malunions are presented by excessive swelling, twisting, bending, and possibly shortening of the bone. Patients may have trouble placing weight on or near the malunion.
Diagnosis
An X-ray is essential for the proper diagnosis of a malunion. The doctor will look into the patient's history and the treatment process for the bone fracture. Oftentimes a CT scan and probably an MRI are also used in diagnosis. MRI are used to check of cartilage and ligament issues that developed due to the malunion and misalignment. CT scans are used to locate normal or abnormal structures within the body and to help during procedures to guide the placement of instruments and/or treatments.
Treatment
Once diagnosed and located, surgery is the most common treatment for a malunion. The surgery consists of the surgeon re-breaking the bone and realigning it to the anatomically correct position. There are different types and levels of severity for malunions which helps determine the treatment. Most often, either screws, plates or pins are used secure the new alignment. In some cases, the bone may be trimmed to allow full orientation at the fractured spot. It is also possible that a bone graft could be used to help with healing.
During follow ups an X-ray or a CT scan may be used to verify that the fracture is healing properly and is now in the anatomically correct position.
See also
Monteggia fracture
Duverney fracture
Clavicle fracture
References
Bone fractures
Goofy's Sky School is a steel wild mouse roller coaster at the Paradise Gardens Park section of Disney California Adventure in Anaheim, California. The ride is based on Disney's 1940 short film Goofy's Glider. The rethemed attraction opened on July 1, 2011.
History
Goofy's Sky School originally opened on February 8, 2001, as Mulholland Madness. The attraction's original name came from Mulholland Drive in Los Angeles, California, named after the famed engineer William Mulholland. Within the first month of its operation, three accidents occurred on the ride causing it to be shut for a short period of time for repairs. The ride vehicles were themed to the many cars one can find on the Southern California freeway systems, (such as Highway Patrol cars or Classic Surfer "Woodies"). At the end of the ride, a sign on the wall above read "Rental Car Return".
In November 2004, Alamo Rent a Car became the new sponsor of Mulholland Madness.
On October 12, 2010, Mulholland Madness closed for refurbishment and re-theming as part of Disney California Adventure Park's major refurbishment. On July 1, 2011, the attraction reopened as Goofy's Sky School. The attraction's re-opening was part of a series of moves in an effort to introduce Disney characters into Paradise Pier.
Ride
Goofy's Sky School is a wild mouse roller coaster manufactured by Mack Rides. Riders board a plane and navigate a crash course of flying which features sharp turns, steep drops and sudden stops. Goofy is pictured on billboards throughout the ride teaching guests the step-by-step process of flying a plane.
List of Lessons
Lesson 1: How to Take Off
Lesson 2: How to Fly
Lesson 3: How to Turn
Lesson 4: How to Nosedive
Lesson 5: How to Land
References
External links
Goofy (Disney)
Paradise Pier
Paradise Gardens Park
Roller coasters in California
Roller coasters at Disney California Adventure
Roller coasters introduced in 2001
Disney California Adventure
2001 establishments in California
The following lists events that happened during 1913 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
Early 1913
In the Khost Valley the Mangals and Jadrans were in a dispute, and the leading chief of the Jadrans had to return several hundred rifles to the amir as their tribesmen refused to fulfill their agreement to render military service.
The tribes were never subdued, and in peace talks of the valley, which ended the operations of the Afghan expedition in 1912, they dictated the terms. The result was troubling to the British districts neighboring the valley because the outlaws who carried out the raids were safe when they made their escape into Khost.
On other parts of the frontier the amir carried out their agreement to remove all outlaws from a distance of fifty miles from the frontier, but in Khost their orders are ineffective.
October 1913
A new conspiracy against the amir was discovered at Kabul, led by Sardar Mohammad Yunus Khan, the grandson of Sardar Shah Khan, who had rebelled against the amir Abdur Rahman Khan in the later 1880s.
They were allowed by the amir to return and take up their residence in Kabul. On the discovery of the conspiracy the amir held a family durbar (an Afghani court session) at which they reproached Yunus for their ingratitude and condemned them to death. The amir then retired and Yunus is executed, being first stoned and then stabbed to death. Several of their accomplices are executed afterwards.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
The 1979–80 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 41st season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Furuset IF won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1979 in Norwegian sport
1980 in Norwegian sport
Andri Marteinsson (born 31 January 1965) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder. They won 20 caps for the Iceland national football team between 1984 and 1994.
Andri was most recently the manager of 1. deild karla side ÍR, having also previously coached Haukar and Víkingur Reykjavík.
References
Andri Marteinsson international appearances at ksi.is
Marteinsson, Andri
Marteinsson, Andri
Icelandic footballers
Association football defenders
Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur players
Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur players
Fylkir players
Breiðablik UBK players
Lyn Fotball players
Iceland international footballers
Þór Akureyri players
Icelandic football managers
British India Corporation Limited (BIC) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Ministry of Textiles, Government of India. The company produces textiles for use by civilians and the Indian armed forces. It manufactures the popular "Lal-imli" and "Dhariwal" brands of woollen products. The company was established in 1872 or 1876 by Sir Alexander MacRobert as a public limited company when they combined their six companies into one enterprise. MacRobert died on 22 June 1922 and their widow, Rachel, Lady MacRobert, assumed the role of director until their eldest son, Alasdair, became chairperson in 1937.
Its date of incorporation in the Registrar of Companies is 24 February 1920. In 1981, it was nationalised and taken over by the Government of India. It has not generated profit since 1989.
Headquartered in Kanpur, BIC nominally operates two woollen mills in Kanpur and Dhariwal (Punjab). In 2006 the company employed over 2,700 people and had aggregated revenues of .
It ceased manufacturing in 2005 but still employs 1,800 people. New weaving machines installed in 2005 have never been used.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Textile companies of India
Companies based in Kanpur
Government-owned companies of India
Companies nationalised by the Government of India
Ministry of Textiles
Companies established in 1872
Indian companies established in 1876
Indian companies established in 1920
Manufacturing companies established in 1920
Junior Anthony Wright Jr. (born August 12, 1986) is an American professional boxer who challenged for the WBA cruiserweight title in 2016. As an amateur, they were a three-time Chicago Golden Gloves champion and also fought in the National Golden Gloves tournament.
Early life
Wright was born in Evanston, Illinois, on the northern outskirts of Chicago, where they currently reside and trains. At age 16, they were introduced to boxing when they played the video game Knockout Kings, and joined a boxing gym in Chicago shortly thereafter.
Amateur career
In 2008, at age 21, Wright made their amateur boxing debut. As an amateur, they trained out of the Evanston Boxing Club and won the Chicago Golden Gloves boxing tournament three times; twice at middleweight and once as a light heavyweight. They also competed in the 2008 National Golden Gloves tournament, losing to Denis Douglin three rounds to two, who ultimately won the tournament.
Professional career
On October 7, 2011, at age 25, Wright made their professional debut in Burbank, Illinois in a cruiserweight bout in which they defeated Darrion Fletcher by first-round knockout (KO). They went on to win their next nine fights (seven at cruiserweight and two at heavyweight) to accumulate a professional record of 10–0 (9 KOs), earning them a chance at the vacant WBC International cruiserweight title against Stivens Bujaj on May 15, 2014. In the ten-round fight, held at the Millennium Theater in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn, New York, Wright fought to a split draw with the judges' scorecards reading 96–94, 95–95, and 94–96. Following their fight against Bujaj, Wright signed with Dmitry Salita's Star of David Promotions.
In 2014, Wright joined the training camp of world champion Adonis Stevenson to assist them in their preparation for their WBC light heavyweight title defense against Dmitry Sukhotsky, which Stevenson went on to win via fifth-round KO.
Wright won their next three fights (two at cruiserweight and one at heavyweight) to improve their professional record to 13–0–1. They dedicated one of these fights, their technical knockout (TKO) victory over Rayford Johnson, to a pair of NYPD officers who were shot and killed in the month leading up to the fight. their 2015 fight for the vacant IBO cruiserweight title, in which they suffered their first professional defeat to Rakhim Chakhkiev.
On May 21, 2016, after winning their next two cruiserweight fights, Wright fought Beibut Shumenov for the WBA cruiserweight title in Las Vegas. Shumenov defeated Wright via tenth-round TKO. After the Shumenov fight, Wright moved up to the heavyweight division – fighting only more time as a cruiserweight in a unanimous decision (UD) loss to undefeated Ruslan Fayer in 2017. Since the Shumenov fight, Wright has won all three of their heavyweight fights by TKO or KO to improve to a professional record of 18–3–1.
Rick Wilson and Steve Clemente have both trained Wright during their professional boxing career.
Personal life
Starting at age 11, Wright worked for their father's landscaping company. As an amateur boxer, Wright balanced their training with working approximately 65 hours per week at Home Depot while also helping with their father's business. They continued to work at Home Depot through much of their professional boxing career. They briefly enrolled in community college, but dropped out in order to earn money.
References
External links
Living people
1986 births
African-American boxers
American male boxers
Heavyweight boxers
Cruiserweight boxers
Boxers from Chicago
Mardyan is a village and the center of Mardyan District, Jowzjan Province, Afghanistan. It is located at at 288 m altitude, northeast of Aqchah.
See also
Jowzjan Province
Populated places in Jowzjan Province
The 1937–38 Hovedserien season was the fourth season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Ski- og Fotballklubben Trygg won the championship.
First round
Group A
Group B
Final
Ski- og Fotballklubben Trygg - Grane 2:0
Relegation
First round
Sportsklubben Strong - Stabæk Idrettsforening
Second round
B.14 - Stabæk Idrettsforening
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1937–38 in Norwegian ice hockey
The Township of Perth East is a municipality in Perth County, Ontario, Canada and situated north of Stratford. It was created in 1998 when the Ontario government amalgamated the village of Milverton with the surrounding former townships of Ellice, Mornington, North Easthope and South Easthope.
Milverton is the largest community of the township, where the municipal administration is based. The mayor is Rhonda Ehgoetz. The population in 2016 was 12,261, with 3,993 occupied private dwellings, in a land area of 712.14 km².
History
Ellice Township
In 1829, the first concession in the Township of Ellice was surveyed and opened for settlement. A cairn still stands marking the site of the first home, at Lot 31, Concession 1, owned by Andrew Seebach from Bavaria. (A cairn has been erected to mark the location.) The township was named after Edward Ellice, a director of the Canada Company. The local municipal history began in 1842 when John Sebring was appointed to the position of District Councillor (later classified as a Reeve). The first separate school in the township was opened at Millbrook in 1857 and closed in 1907 when it merged with another local school. In 1908 the Ellice Council purchased the abandoned school and moved it to a site on the County Road where it served as the seat of municipal government until 1960. The building was replaced by the present hall which was built in 1961.
Village of Milverton
The first settler in Milverton was Andrew West, a shoemaker who settled on a farm and opened a hotel in 1851. Other businesses soon followed and the hamlet, then called West's Corners, began to expand. The first Post Office was established in 1854 and the first schoolhouse in 1856.
By 1864, the settlement contained a sawmill, a tannery, two churches and some 200 residents. In about 1871 the name of the village was changed to Milverton, named after Milverton, Somerset in England. The Stratford and Huron Railway reached this area in 1877, making it easy to market the area's agricultural products; the population increased afterwards. Effective January 1, 1881, Milverton was incorporated into a village; its population at the time was 550.
Village of Shakespeare
According to Stratford Heritage, Perth County's first settler was Sebastian Fryfogel from Bavaria, Germany. They first built a log shelter in 1827 while the Canada Company's Huron Road was being surveyed. Still standing, it is part of what is now the village of Shakespeare. In 1844 or 1845, they replaced it with a larger building which served as an inn and stagecoach stop, the Fryfogel Tavern. It maintained this role until about 1856, when the railway became the primary method of transportation. According to Canada's Register of Historic Places, "graves and markers of Sebastian Fryfogel and other Fryfogel family members are located on the property's western portion, as well as a cairn (1928) marking the site's century of occupation".
Mornington Township
The first Township Council meeting was held in 1854. This, and subsequent meetings were held at taverns throughout the municipality. In 1857, only four years after the township was established, the township clerk was fired - council minutes explain that "the collections roll contained contradicting statements that... money had been collected, the expenditure of which could not be ascertained by the Auditors in a satisfactory manner". In 1876, the Stratford and Huron Railway Company and the township entered into an agreement to bring the railway into the municipality with two stations.
North Easthope Township
North Easthope Township was named after Sir John Easthope, a Canada Company director. The area was settled around 1832 by two main ethnic groups - Highland Scots and Hessen Darmstadt Deutsch due to the Canada Company's advertisement of the local land in Scottish and German newspapers.
South Easthope Township
The first settler to Southeast Township moved in on Christmas Day in 1828. In 1863, South Easthope was the smallest township in the area with a population of 2,322 and an area of 9,759 hectares. Council meetings were help in a room leased at a hotel until 1954 when a township hall was opened. In 1959, a Fire Hall was opened housing a volunteer department of 17 men, two fire trucks and a pumper. This department still exists and serves the communities in North and South Easthope.
Municipal Restructuring
As part of provincial initiatives in the late 1990s, the Government of Ontario pursued a policy of municipal amalgamations to rationalize municipal levels of government services and "reduc[e] government entanglement and bureaucracy with an eye to eliminating waste and duplication as well as unfair downloading by the province". On June 26, 1997, an order from the Ontario Minister of Municipal Affairs for the amalgamation of the former Townships of Ellice, Mornington, North Easthope, South Easthope and the Village of Milverton into Perth East Township received Royal assent. The amalgamation came into effect on January 1, 1998.
Geography
Communities
The township comprises the communities of Amulree, Brocksden, Brunner, Burns, Carthage, Dorking, Fernbank, Gads Hill, Hesson, Kinkora, Kuhryville, Mennonite Corner, Millbank, Milverton, Moserville, Newton, Nithburg, Peffers, Poole, Ratzburg, Rostock, Sebastopol, Shakespeare, Topping, Tralee and Wartburg. It also includes a portion of the hamlet of Punkeydoodles Corners, which straddles the municipal boundaries of Perth East, East Zorra – Tavistock and Wilmot.
Milverton was mentioned in the Season 4 episode Old King Clancy of How I Met Your Mother.
Ellice Swamp
Ellice Swamp is a large woodlot in Perth County, Ontario. The swamp covers approximately 856 hectares (2,115 acres). It is located between Stratford and Milverton in the northeastern portion of the Thames River Watershed, between the North Branch of the Thames and the Nith River. Historically, it was known as Ellice Huckleberry Swamp and was part of the Huron Tract administered by the Canada Company. It is primarily owned by the Upper Thames River Conservation Authority.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Perth East had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In 2011, children aged 9 and under accounted for approximately 15.4% of the population, while the percentage at retirement age (65 and over) is approximately 12.8%. The median age was 36.1 years of age.
The average income was $37,303 with an average after-tax income of $32,356.
In 2011, 6.2% of the population had immigrant status. The most common countries immigrants come from are Mexico (28.5%), followed by the Netherlands (16.3%) and Germany (10.8%).
The majority of residents of Perth East are members of a Christian faith and account for 87.5% of the population. Less than 1% of the population is Sikh or "Other religion" with the remaining population (11.8%) reporting no religious affiliation. Of the Christian population, the largest religious affiliation is Roman Catholic (18.5%) followed by Lutheran (15.2%), United Church (11.8%), Presbyterian (1.6%), Anglican (2.4%), Pentecostal (1.4%), Baptist (1.3%) and other Christian (42%).
Economy
The township indicates that economic categories include agriculture, farm-related businesses, millwrighting, metal fabrication, and tourism.
Industrial companies in this area include Iron Bridge Fabrication, Quality Fertilizers, Mornington Communications and Nuhn Industries. Nuhn Industries is a third generation, family owned business founded in 1902. In 2014, the company was planning a 30,000 square foot addition to their 66,000 square foot facility to better serve its customers throughout North America, Latin America, Japan and Africa.
According to the 2011 National Household Survey, the largest economic sectors by number of workers employed are manufacturing (910 workers); construction (710 workers); health care and social assistance (645 workers) and retail trade (600 workers). Other industries in the region employing more than 200 workers are wholesale trade; transportation and warehousing; administrative and support, waste management and remediation services; accommodation and food services; and public administration.
Local government
Perth East Township is governed by a Township Council composed of seven members including a Mayor, Deputy Mayor and five Councillors. Councillors represent the wards of Ellice, Milverton, Mornington, North Easthope and South Easthope.
Township operations are overseen by the Chief Administrator's Office and municipal departments include Building, Clerk's Office, Finance, Fire Services, Library Services, Planning, Public Works, and Recreation.
Township Council 2018-2022
Source:
County government
Because the Perth East is part of the upper-tier municipality Perth County, Ontario, it has representation on the County Council. The Perth County Council is determined by a restructuring order that came into force on January 1, 1998. That Council is made up of representatives from the four Perth Townships. The head of County Council is elected from among the council members annually, by a vote at council and is known as the Warden. In 2018-2019, the Perth County Warden is Walter McKenzie from West Perth.
Perth East Mayor Rhonda Ehgoetz, Deputy Mayor Hugh McDermid, and Councillor Daryl Herlick serve as Perth East's representatives on County Council.
Provincial Government
Perth—Wellington is a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario since the 2007 provincial election. It was created in 2003 from parts of Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey, Perth—Middlesex and Waterloo—Wellington ridings.
It consists of the County of Perth, and the Town of Minto and the townships of Mapleton and Wellington North in the County of Wellington. As of October 6, 2011, the MPP for the riding is Randy Pettapiece.
Federal government
Perth—Wellington is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 2004. The riding was created in 2003 from parts of Perth—Middlesex (76%), Waterloo—Wellington (17%) and Dufferin—Peel—Wellington—Grey (7%) ridings. It did not undergo any boundary changes in the 2012 electoral redistribution.
It consists of the County of Perth, the City of Stratford, the Town of St. Mary's and the Town of Minto and the townships of Mapleton and Wellington North in the County of Wellington.
Since 2015, the MP for this riding has been John Nater (PC).
See also
List of townships in Ontario
References
External links
Lower-tier municipalities in Ontario
Municipalities in Perth County, Ontario
Township municipalities in Ontario
Amame (Love Me) may refer to:
Amame, 1988 album by La Mafia
Amame (album), 1989 album by El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico
"Amame" (song), 1993 song by Selena
"Ámame", a 2003 song by Alexandre Pires
The Spasskaya Tower International Military Music Festival is an annual military music event and military tattoo held in Moscow on Red Square. Participating in the festival are Russian and foreign military bands, folk groups, and honor guard units of foreign countries. More than 40 countries have taken part in the festival since 2006. It is named after the world-famous Spasskaya Tower of the Moscow Kremlin. Its TV partner is TV Centre. The festival's motto is "To Revive Traditions and Preserve History".
In 2020, the directorate of the festival became a full-fledged member of the Asian Marching Band Confederation (AMBC).
Timeline
The following is a timeline of the festival's history:
2007: It took place on Poklonnaya Hill and celebrated the Moscow City Day. The event was seen by more than 50,000 people.
2008: The event was referred to as the International Military Music Festival "The Kremlin Zorya". The Foreign and Commonwealth Office banned British Army bagpipers from travelling to event in protest of the 2008 Russo-Georgian War. The move was criticized by Brigadier Melville Jameson of the Edinburgh Military Tattoo and Vitaly Mironov of the Kremlin Zorya Foundation, with both accusing Foreign Secretary David Miliband of "playing politics" in a cultural event.
2014: 1,500 military musicians and honor guards from 10 countries took part in the festival. The theme of the festival marked the First World War centenary.
2015: The festival celebrated the 70th anniversary of the end of the Second World War.
2016: Attended by over a 1,000 musicians. Participating teams included those from Austria, Greece, the European Union, Italy, Mongolia, Singapore, Slovenia, Kazakhstan, Japan, Israel, Belarus, and Scotland. The tattoo began with a minute of silence for the 291 victims of the August 2016 Central Italy earthquake.
2017: The tattoo celebrated the 10th anniversary of the founding of the festival. It also honoured Lieutenant General Valery Khalilov, the musical director of the festival who died along with the entire Alexandrov Ensemble in the 2016 Russian Defence Ministry Tupolev Tu-154 crash. Over a thousand musicians from 40 young bands of the Central Federal District took part in the festival as part of a larger Children's Combined Band. Distinguished guests of honor included Belarusian Defence Minister Andrey Ravkov and their spouse, Chief Conductor in the Abkhazian Defence Ministry David Terzyan and Director of Bands for the Egyptian Armed Forces Major General Helmi Ahmed Suliman Khatab.
2018: The tattoo was attended by HRH Princess Stephanie of Monaco. The 2018 festival marked the 10th time that French singer Mireille Mathieu (who is also the festival's mascot) has appeared in the festival. It also marked the first time that military bands from the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) did not participate in the festival
2019: Individuals such as Georgian born People's Artist and singer Tamara Gverdtsiteli., as well as others such as Hibla Gerzmava and Anita Tsoi were among the vocal performers in the festival.
2020: The theme for the 2020 festival was "75 years - the end of the war", in honor of the diamond jubilee of the defeat of Nazi Germany. It was expected that the festival for this year be one that tells about the history of the military music in Russia. The bands of the anti-Hitler coalition were also invited to the festival. Due to the COVID-19, foreign bands were not able to participate in the festival, and later, it was announced that the festival was cancelled altogether, marking the first time since its establishment that the public event on Red Square had been cancelled. Instead of the normal program, it was announced that an online festival would take place on 6 September on the Cathedral Square of the Main Cathedral of the Russian Armed Forces, with over 12 musical units from the armed forces and other organizations performing, including a few first time participants. Virtual greetings were given by the Royal Thai Navy Band, the French Air Force Southwest Band, the Zürich City Police Band, and the PLA Band.
2021: The 2021 edition saw Till Lindemann of the German band Rammstein serve as headliner.
Bands in the Parks
The Bands in the Parks is a program sponsored by Directorate of the Spasskaya Tower International Military Music Festival and is carried out from May to August in support of the Ministry of Defense of Russia and the Government of Moscow. The first of these performances took place at VDNKh in 2016 and was greeted with a standing ovation by Muscovites and guests of the capital. In the anniversary year a year later, the program of performances was expanded. The number of concerts and city venues involved in the project has increased.
Performers
Foreign
Normally, each festival included a maximum of 12 countries, apart from Russia.
Other low-level participants have included the Republican Specialized Academic Lyceum of Music of the Uzbekistan National Guard and the National Presidential Band of Ukraine.
Russian performers
Honour Guard and Cavalry Escort of the Kremlin Regiment (2007–Present)
Presidential Band of the Russian Federation (2007–Present)
Central Military Band of the Ministry of Defense of Russia (2007–Present)
Central Navy Band of Russia (2007–Present)
Band of the Moscow Military Music College (2007–Present)
Band of the Dzerzhinsky Division (2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019)
Special Exemplary Military Band of the Guard of Honor Battalion of Russia (2011–Present)
Band of the 154th Preobrazhensky Regiment (2012–Present)
Girls Corps of Drums, Boarding School for Girls, Ministry of Defense of Russia (2012-2018)
Central Band of the Border Guard Service of the Federal Security Service of Russia (2018)
Military Band of the Southern Military District (2019)
Combined Band and Song and Dance Company of the Russian Airborne Forces (2020)
Military Band of the Krasnodar Region Main Department of the National Guard (2020)
Band of the S.M. Kirov Military Medical Academy
Central Exemplary Band of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia (2020)
Band of GBOU School No. 1770, Moscow (2020)
Notable guests
Svetlana Medvedeva, 3rd First Lady of Russia
Army General Valery Gerasimov, Chief of the General Staff
General Vladimir Kolokoltsev, Minister of Internal Affairs
Belarusian Defence Minister Andrei Ravkov and their wife Natalia
Princess Stéphanie of Monaco
Lieutenant Colonel Abdul Wahab Khan, Pakistan Army School of Music
Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa, King of Bahrain
Lieutenant General Christos Vaitsis, Chief of the Hellenic Air Force General Staff
Protocol
The President of Russia in his/her position as Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Russian Armed Forces usually delivers a message of congratulations to the organizers and participants of the festival. Greetings are also given by the Russian Defence Minister and the Mayor of Moscow. The day before the festival's opening ceremony, the directors of the participating bands lay wreaths at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Alexander Garden. The festival usually coincides with Moscow's City Day, which means that some of the participating bands take part in the procession along Tverskaya Street.
Directors
The musical director of the festival is the senior director of music of the Military Band Service of the Armed Forces of Russia.
Lieutenant General Valery Khalilov (2006–2016)
Major General Timofey Mayakin (2016–Present)
Roman Markholia served as producer-director of the festival in 2010, 2011 and 2012.
Award winners
Public Council
The public council is the organizing committee of the festival.
Gallery
External links
Official Website
Official Website
Official Youtube Channel
Videos
9th Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival
10th Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival
12th Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival
13th Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival
14th Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival
Russia: Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival rehearsals take place on Red Square
Военные оркестры в парках 2019 (Парк Фили)
Russia: Final rehearsals for 11th Spasskaya Tower Military Music Festival get underway
Band of the Azerbaijan Higher Military School
References
Military music
Red Square
Events in Moscow
Festivals established in 2006
Music festivals established in 2006
2006 establishments in Russia
Annual events in Russia
Military of Russia
Festivals in Moscow
Music festivals in Russia
Military tattoos
Silver City is an unincorporated community in Dawson and Forsyth counties, in the U.S. state of Georgia.
History
A post office called Silver City was established in 1886, and remained in operation until 1907. The community's name most likely is a transfer from a city in the Western United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Georgia (U.S. state)
Unincorporated communities in Dawson County, Georgia
Unincorporated communities in Forsyth County, Georgia
In no-limit or pot-limit poker, a player's M-ratio (also called "M number", "M factor" or just "M") is a measure of the health of a player's chip stack as a function of the cost to play each round. In simple terms, a player can sit passively in the game, making only compulsory bets, for M laps of the dealer button before running out of chips. A high M means the player can afford to wait a high number of rounds before making a move. The concept applies primarily in tournament poker; in a cash game, a player can in principle manipulate their M at will, simply by purchasing more chips.
A player with a low M must act soon or be weakened by the inability to force other players to fold with aggressive raises.
The term was named after Paul Magriel.
Calculation
The M-ratio is calculated by the formula:
For example, a player in an eight-player game with blinds of $50/$100, an ante of $10, and a stack of $2,300 has an M-ratio of 10:
That is, if the player only makes the compulsory bets, they will be "blinded out" of the game in 10 rounds, or 80 hands.
Dan Harrington studied the concept in great detail in Harrington on Holdem: Volume II The Endgame, defining several "zones" in which the M-ratio may fall:
Effective M
Harrington further develops the concept to account for shortening tables, as is seen at the closing stages of multi-table tournaments. The M-ratio is simply multiplied by the percentage of players remaining at the table, assuming a ten-player table to be "full".
Therefore, for a player with a "simple M ratio" of 9 at a five player table, the effective M is 4.5:
This means that although the player's simple M value places them in the orange zone, their effective M dictates a shift in playing style appropriate for the red zone. In essence, ten times the effective M denotes the expected number of hands a player can let pass before running out of chips.
See also
Q-ratio (poker)
References
Heuristics
Poker strategy
Son Bou is a small village in the Alaior region of Menorca, Spain.
Geography
The village is located on the south of the island. It is split into three districts: Son Bou (mostly shops, restaurants and two large hotels), San Jaime (villas and garden apartments) and Torre Soli Nou (private villas and apartment complexes).
The beach at Son Bou is the longest on the island - some 3 km of golden sands. The government have recently put up rope fencing around the dunes to deter access, as part of their dune regeneration programme. There are three beach bars that serve food and drinks. Behind the beach is an extensive area of wetland, comprising open water and reed beds. This is a protected nature reserve containing many species of birds, amphibians and insects. The beach is very popular with naturists of all ages.
Climate
Like the rest of the island (and the Balearics), the village has a mediterranean climate (Köppen: Csa), with mild winters and long, hot summers.
Tourist attractions
Son Bou has various attractions, including the Basilica Paleocristiana de Son Bou (an early Christian church of the 5th century, whose remains were discovered in 1951).
Outside of the holiday season, the Son Bou resort is very quiet as most facilities are shut down during the winter months.
Within the village are four hotels; two in Son Bou, one in San Jaime and one in Torre Soli Nou. There is also a campsite, Camping Son Bou, about 2 miles away, along the back road from Torre Soli Nou.
Cuisine
There are many bars and restaurants in Son Bou, several of which have adopted a British style, others choosing international cuisine, including Chinese. There are of also range of Spanish and Menorquin restaurants. During the six months of the holiday season, most nights you can find shows in most bars and clubs, and on other nights, there are quizzes and karaoke.
Transport
The village has regular links with Menorca Airport, which is around 25 minutes away. Mahon is 30 minutes away, and Ciutadella is 35 minutes. There is also a bus service to the old town in Alaior, which takes around 15 minutes. There is also a small train service that travels to the top of the resort, that collects/drops off tourists in the main accommodation areas, and there is a frequency of one service every 45 minutes.
References
External links
Playa de Son Bou Virtual Tour
Tourist guide to Son Bou
Village
The brown-chested martin (Progne tapera) is a species of passerine bird in the swallow family.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico, Suriname, the United States, Uruguay, Venezuela, and is a vagrant to Chile and the Falkland Islands. Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland, rivers, and heavily degraded former forest.
It usually swoops at low heights, showing white on the sides of its tail, with wings bowed. It may dig burrows into banks to nest (or occasionally in snags) or sometimes use old hornero nests.
References
brown-chested martin
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
brown-chested martin
brown-chested martin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Al-Ḍaḥḥāk ibn Qays al-Shaybānī () was the leader of a widespread but unsuccessful Kharijite rebellion in Iraq against the Umayyad Caliph Marwan II from 745 until their death in battle in 746.
Crisis of the caliphate and the Kharijite revolt
The deposition of al-Walid II in spring 744 began a turbulent period in the Umayyad Caliphate; their successor Yazid III died within a few months, and the ambitious governor of Armenia and Azerbaijan Marwan ibn Muhammad, rebelled against Yazid's designated successor, Ibrahim ibn al-Walid. Marwan succeeded in gaining control of Damascus and Syria, but elsewhere their authority ranged from theoretical to non-existent.
In Iraq, this turmoil spilled over in the form of a struggle between Yazid III's governor Abdallah ibn Umar ibn Abd al-Aziz and Marwan's appointee, al-Nadr ibn Sa'id al-Harashi. This conflict allowed the Kharijites, a Muslim sect which had originated in Mesopotamia, to rise up. This revolt was initially led by Sa'id ibn Bahdal, but they died soon of the plague, and was succeeded by Dahhak. Dahhak quickly assembled a sizeable army, and managed to defeat the two rival governors, who had joined forces, in April/May 745. In the aftermath of their defeat, al-Harashi returned to Marwan and Abdallah ibn Umar retreated to the fortress of Wasit, where they were soon besieged. In August however Ibn Umar gave themselves up, and, in an unprecedented act for a member of the Umayyad dynasty and of the Prophet's own Quraysh tribe, did homage to Dahhak, who was neither and who had by now been declared caliph by their followers. Kufa was now occupied by Dahhak's forces and became their seat, while Ibn Umar was named governor of Wasit, eastern Iraq and western Persia. Dahhak's generosity in rewarding their followers, as well as the attractiveness of Kharijite doctrine quickly swelled their ranks further, until their army is said to have reached 120,000 men. Among others, the famed general Sulayperson, a son of Caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik and opponent of Marwan, sought refuge with him.
End of the rebellion
While Marwan was preoccupied with besieging Sulayperson's brother Sa'id and their supporters in Homs, Dahhak marched into northern Mesopotamia. After they took Mosul, Marwan ordered their own son Abdallah, who resided at Harran, to confront the Kharijites' advance. Abdallah however was defeated and retreated to Nisibis, where they were besieged. After Homs fell however, Marwan with their army moved swiftly east. The two armies met at al-Ghazz in Kafartuta in August/September 746, and Dahhak's forces were decisively defeated, with Dahhak themselves falling early in the battle. Their successor, al-Khaybari, tried to renew the attack but was also killed. The Kharijite rebellion persisted, under Abu Dulaf, for another year, but by the end of 747, Mesopotamia, Iraq and Persia had been secured by Marwan.
References
Bibliography
746 deaths
Rebellions against the Umayyad Caliphate
Arab rebels
Medieval Arabs killed in battle
Kharijites
Year of birth unknown
Banu Shayban
8th-century Arabs
Iraq under the Umayyad Caliphate
People of the Third Fitna
Dame Ethel Mary Reader Shakespear (née Wood; 17 July 1871 – 17 January 1946) was an English geologist, Justice of the Peace, public servant, and philanthropist.
They were born in Biddenham, Bedfordshire, the youngest daughter of the Rev. Henry Wood. They were educated at Bedford High School and Newnham College, Cambridge (1891–95), graduating in natural sciences.
In 1896, they became assistant to Charles Lapworth at Mason College (which later became the University of Birmingham), and began the preparation of their best-known work, British Graptolites, with their college friend Gertrude Elles. They were particularly responsible for the illustrations. This monograph was to become a standard palaeontological reference work for many years. They published a number of other works and was elected a Fellow of the Geological Society in 1919. In 1920, they received the Murchison Medal for their work on the monograph.
In 1906, they earned their DSc from the University of Birmingham, and shortly afterwards married Gilbert Arden Shakespear, a physics lecturer at the university whom they had met in Cambridge. They had only one child, a daughter, but they died in infancy. During the First World War they devoted themselves to helping disabled servicemen. They were a honorary secretary of the Birmingham War Pensions Committee and from 1917 to 1926 sat on the Special Grants Committee of the Ministry of Pensions. They were appointed a Justice of the Peace for Birmingham in 1922, specialising in cases involving children and working-class girls. They were a family visitor for foster parents and invited many poor women and girls to stay in their home at Caldwell Hall, Upton Warren, Worcestershire.
Shakespear was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1918 for their war work and Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1920 civilian war honours.
They died of cancer in 1946, aged 74.
Footnotes
1871 births
1946 deaths
People from Biddenham
People educated at Bedford High School, Bedfordshire
Alumni of Newnham College, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Deaths from cancer in England
English women geologists
English palaeontologists
English philanthropists
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
British women in World War I
20th-century British women scientists
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
Canada has participated in every edition of the World Athletics Championships since the inaugural event in 1983. Canada hosted the World Championships in Edmonton in 2001, which was the first time the event was held in North America.
Medalists
Medal tables
By championships
By event
By gender
References
IAAF World Athletics Championships Doha 2019 Statistics Handbook. IAAF. Retrieved 29 September 2019.
Canada
World Athletics Championships
Anna David may refer to:
Anna David (singer) (born 1984), Danish pop and soul music singer
Anna David (journalist) (born 1970), American journalist
SD10 may refer to:
SD-10 (missile), an air-to-air missile
PowerShot SD10, an ultracompact digital camera produced by Canon
Sigma SD10, a digital SLR camera
South Dakota Highway 10, a state highway in South Dakota
SD-10 (siren) a siren made by Federal Signal.
"Wild International" is the first track and single from One Day as a Lion's self-titled five track EP. This track was first revealed on July 16, 2008. It was made available to stream on the band's myspace page. On the same day the song was premiered by the influential L.A. radio station KROQ-FM and on Australian radio station Triple J. It peaked at #20 on the Billboard Hot Modern Tracks, and #6 in Norway.
Inspiration
When Zack de la Rocha was asked about the song, they said,
When told the song seemed anti-religious, they said,
Charting
References
One Day as a Lion songs
2008 singles
2008 songs
Anti- (record label) singles
Anti-war songs
Songs critical of religion
Songs written by Zack de la Rocha
Mumbwa District is a district of Zambia, located in Central Province. The capital lies at Mumbwa. As of the 2010 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 218,328 people. It consists of two constituencies, namely Mumbwa and Nangoma.
Towns
Mumbwa District's main population center is Mumbwa, which is close to another towns such as Kasip and Muembe. In the district's south are Banachewembwe and Namukumbo.
Bodies of Water
The Kafue River forms the district's boundary with Kasempa District before it bisects the district. On its banks is Game Scout Camp. The Chulwe fishing camp lies in Blue Lagoon National Park.
Transportation
The roads that lie in the district are the M9 (which heads to Lusaka in the east and to Kaoma and Mongu in the west), M20 (Old Mumbwa Road; which heads eastwards from Mumbwa to Landless Corner and Kabwe), D181 (which heads northwards from Mumbwa to Kasempa), D180 (which connects Mumbwa with Itezhi-Tezhi), D183 and D769 (which connects the central part of the Kafue National Park with Itezhi-Tezhi).
References
Districts of Central Province, Zambia
Franconian Switzerland-Veldenstein Forest Nature Park () is a nature park in North Bavaria. The nature park was established in 1995 and it covers an area that is almost coextensive with the natural region major unit of Northern Franconian Jura, the park being slightly larger.
With an area of it is the second largest nature park in Bavaria after the Altmühl Valley Nature Park. The park's sponsors are the Franconian Switzerland-Veldenstein Forest Nature Park Society (Verein Naturpark Fränkische Schweiz-Veldensteiner Forst), founded in 1968, with its head office in Pottenstein.
The park covers much of the regions of Franconian Switzerland and the Veldenstein Forest from which it derives its name.
See also
List of nature parks in Germany
External links
Franconian Switzerland Nature Park
Franconian Switzerland-Veldenstein Forest Nature Park
Frankenweg Run
Sights and tourist destinations in the nature park
Nature parks in Bavaria
Franconia
Old Holbrook (formerly known as Northlands) is a hamlet in the Horsham district of West Sussex, England. This rural hamlet is located north of the Horsham residential area of Holbrook beyond the A264. It is bordered by Graylands to the west, Wimlands to the east, and Green Lane on its northern perimeter.
History
The etymology of Old Holbrook has changed throughout history.
The name Holbrook itself originates from the feeder stream of the River Arun. Prior to the construction of the A264 dual carriageway, the area was simply known as Northlands, named after a farm located on Rapeland Hill. After the completion of the A264 in 1989, the main lane was renamed Old Holbrook to distinguish it from the newer Horsham residential area of Holbrook.
Old Holbrook has a largely agricultural history, with scattered farmhouses dating from the 16th century post-medieval period. Established in 1537, Rapeland Farm remains one of the oldest properties located in the hamlet. Rapeland gives its name to 'a place where rape grows', referring to rapeseed plants.
In the south of the hamlet, there exists a historical 17th century moated house, formerly occupied by Horsham member of parliament Robert Henry Hurst.
In July 2015, a crop circle appeared in a field of young wheat adjacent to Upper Rapeland Wood, in the north of the hamlet.
Topography
Old Holbrook is a hamlet of small irregular fields bounded by hedgerows and intermixed with grazing and woodland. The hamlet sits on Rapeland Hill, reaching an elevation of 194 feet above sea level.
Specific features include;
Upper Rapeland Wood; a large block of mixed mature woodland
Holming Wood; mature mixed woodland.
Lower Rapeland Plantation; mature mixed woodland with ancient oaks.
Furzefield Copse; mixed woodland with ancient oaks.
Hurst Wood; mixed woodland with ancient oaks
Unnamed ancient woodland; the sole ancient woodland defined by a woodbank and former quarry pit in the centre, now landscaped as a pond with the surroundings cleared of trees.
Northlands Gill; a narrow stream stretching the entire width of both Graylands and Old Holbrook.
Industry
Old Holbrook is a rural area, and therefore is largely agrarian. This is reflected in the more forested north and central parts of the hamlet, where crops are grown and animal husbandry is practised.
The southern half of the hamlet is less forested with a lower elevation, making it more suitable for more contemporary commercial businesses. This area hosts a swimming school, a nursery school and an animal rescue shelter.
References
Hamlets in West Sussex
Horsham District
Félix Bécquer (born 1 February 1947) is a Mexican sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Mexican male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Mexico
Athletes from Mexico City
The Western Colorado Botanical Gardens and Butterfly House is located at cite on the bank of the Colorado River at the southern end of 7th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, United States. Garden is connected with the Colorado River Trails system via walkways.
History
The Gardens were developed on reclaimed site previously filled with thousands of used tires, junk car parts, and dead batteries. Founded in 1994, The Gardens have been increasing in size of the facility since 2003.
It is managed by a non profit organization known as STRIVE.
The Gardens now have butterfly house and adjacent greenhouse with indoor tropical rain forest. It is featuring over 600 orchids and other tropical plants from around the world.
A variety of outdoor gardens have been developed and/or planned, including a Cactus and Succulent Garden, Children's Secret Garden, Harmony In Color Garden, International Garden, Native Garden, Seasonal Xeric Garden, and Sensory Garden.
Native Garden
The Native Garden is a miniature replica of Colorado's Grand Valley, including the Grand Mesa, the Colorado National Monument and Mount Garfield, with plantings related to the 13 geological zones of Western Colorado.
Cactus and Succulent Garden
The Cactus and Succulent Garden displays native cactus species, as well as other cold-hardy cactus and succulent plants.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Botanical gardens in Colorado
Butterfly houses
Grand Junction, Colorado
Tourist attractions in Mesa County, Colorado
Protected areas of Mesa County, Colorado
The Trolley Museum of New York, a non-profit organization, is located at 89 East Strand Street, Kingston, New York. The museum is open to the public on a seasonal schedule, but volunteer activities relating to the preservation of historic transit are year-round.
History
The museum was founded in 1955 in Brooklyn to save some of the last trolley cars still in New York City. During the early years of the museum's existence, it had no permanent home. The growing collection of trolley and subway cars were stored in various locations, such as Staten Island and northern New Jersey. On a few occasions until the city took down the last of the overhead wire in the early 1960s, the museum operated a Swedish trolley car on McDonald Avenue, Brooklyn. The museum also held movie nights for members in a Peter Witt streetcar at St. George, Staten Island.
In 1983 the museum finally found a permanent home in Kingston, occupying the abandoned Rondout shops area, MP 1, of the Ulster and Delaware Railroad (U&D). As a condition of the museum's charter with the city of Kingston, the museum had to immediately begin public operations. At the time, everything in the museum collection was electric powered and the U&D tracks were not equipped for electric operation. The museum acquired a Doodlebug (a former Sperry Rail Service car) from Connecticut and began public operation on July 4, 1983. At first, less than a mile of track was usable, but within two years the run was extended to Kingston Point to provide scenic views of the Hudson River. In 2000 the museum began operating a trolley from Johnstown, Pennsylvania after a nine-year restoration.
The museum leases the yard and about 1.5 miles of right of way and track from the City of Kingston. This includes the former U&D main line from Kingston Point, MP 0, to about MP 1.1, plus a spur track that runs from the yard along Ferry Street to T. R. Gallo Park at Rondout Landing. The Museum operates on a seasonal schedule on weekends and holidays.
Collection
Notable items in the collection:
Brill No. 120. One of two former Sperry Rail Service Model 55 Brill cars, also ex. Remington Arms (the other was No. 121, now numbered M-55, at the Belvidere and Delaware River Railway). Recently restored to operation.
Brooklyn and Queens Transit Corporation No. 1000. The only PCC streetcar built by Clark Equipment; only PCC with aluminum body. Since September 2013, it has been on the New York State list of Historic Places.
Hamburg No. 3584. One of two V6E class Hamburg trams imported to the United States (the other is in San Francisco).
Holmenkolbanen (Oslo, Norway) No. 3. Tram built in 1897, used by King Olav V of Norway.
Johnstown Traction Company No. 358. Converted to diesel power in 1962, operating at TMNY since 2000.
PATH PA-1 commuter No. 143. Survived the collapse of the World Trade Center on 9/11.
Standard Lo-V (New York City Subway car) No. 5600.
R4 (New York City Subway car) No. 825
R16 (New York City Subway car) No. 6398. Restoration has been completed on this train.
Whitcomb diesel electric locomotive No. 9. A rare operable example of the 65 ton class of military specification locomotives famous for their service during World War II in Europe. It has been restored into operating condition.
Q-type Queens car (New York City Subway car) No. 1602A (ex-BU 1410), awaiting restoration.
R3 Drill Motor No. 41, generator to be installed for 600V power for this and additional cars.
The museum recently added a number of retired transit buses to the collection.
References
External links
Trolley Museum of New York
Railroad museums in New York (state)
Heritage railroads in New York (state)
Museums in Ulster County, New York
Tourist attractions in Ulster County, New York
Hudson River
Kingston, New York
Museums established in 1955
Street railway museums in the United States
1955 establishments in New York (state)
The Ministry of the Interior and Decentralization is the national Ministry of the Interior of Mauritania. Its headquarters are located in Nouakchott, just south of the Presidential Palace, between the Chamber of Commerce and the College of Science and Technology.
See also
Decentralization
References
External links
Official Ministry website
Nouakchott
Government of Mauritania
Decentralization
Abu'l-Hasan Ali ibn Muhammad al-Iyadi al-Tunisi (; died 976) was a 10th-century Maghrebi Arabic poet in the service of the Fatimid caliphs al-Qa'im, al-Mansur, and al-Mu'izz.
Their exact origin is unknown. The nisba "al-Tunisi" has led to suggestions that they were born in Tunis, but their other nisba of "al-Iyadi" suggests ties to the Iyad, a clan of the Arab Banu Hilal tribe settled near Msila. Pro-Shi'ite, they were court poet of the Isma'ili Shi'a caliphs al-Qa'im, al-Mansur, and al-Mu'izz. Their reputation during their lifetime was considerable, and they were highly regarded by later critics. However, possibly due to their pro-Shi'a partisanship, which may have led to an attempted damnatio memoriae after the Zirid dynasty turned to Sunni Islam, or due to shifting literary tastes, none of their works survives in complete form. Their work survives mostly in fragments that were appreciated and gathered together by later anthologists for their vivid and evocative language, such as descriptions of the Fatimid navy, a galloping horse, or the so-called Lake Palace in the palace city of Mansuriya. The only evidently pro-Shi'a works surviving are a eulogy for al-Mansur, and a moving description of the end of the famous anti-Fatimid rebel Abu Yazid. Al-Iyadi died in 976, probably in Cairo, where they had followed the Fatimid court following the Fatimid conquest of Egypt in 969.
References
Sources
976 deaths
10th-century Arabs
10th-century people of the Fatimid Caliphate
10th-century people of Ifriqiya
10th-century Arabic poets
Poets of the Fatimid Caliphate
No. 14 Squadron (Bulls), is a ground attack unit, operating out of AFS Ambala. The squadron currently operates SEPECAT Jaguar IS and IBs, operational since March 1981.
History
Hunters of No. 14 Squadron battled with Sabres of the PAF in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. No. 14 Squadron was the first to be equipped with the state of the art Jaguar aircraft in 1979.
This squadron spent considerable part of their existence in Eastern India, first at Barrackpore Air Force Station, in the Calcutta suburbs and later at Kalaikunda, south-west of Calcutta. It was from this airbase they saw action, briefly during September 1965 and in December 1971. No. 14 Squadron had the unusual opportunity of being deployed at the captured PAF airbase of Jessore during the final stages of the Bangladesh war.
Aircraft
Aircraft types operated by the squadron
References
014
1981 establishments in India
Beast Cliff is a steep sea cliff situated about halfway between Whitby and Scarborough on the coast of North Yorkshire in northeastern England. Beast Cliff is at the southern end of a coastal region designated as a Special Area of Conservation and Site of Special Scientific Interest. Bordering the eastern edge of the North York Moors national park, the Cleveland Way runs at the head of the cliffs.
In terms of its position on the Ordnance Survey National Grid system of geographical mapping, Beast Cliff is mostly in the one-kilometre grid square but at its northern end it extends into . That point is the only area of land in the entire 100-kilometre national grid square of , adjoining , and .
Description
Beast Cliff is formed from rocks of Jurassic sandstone and shale and is highly vegetated with a wide variety of flora. Scrub and woodland grow on a moderately sloping intermediate plateau part way down the main cliff. This plateau separates lower and upper steeper cliffs. The undercliff is some high and it consists of two steep slopes with a near-vertical face in between which varies in height around about . The upper cliff slopes at about 45°. The total height of the cliff is about .
The cliffs are geologically unstable and frequent landslides intrude upon the woodland, which is therefore constantly renewed with young trees. Mosses and ferns cover sandstone boulders. The woodland is flourishing with juvenile ash and birch growing through a lush understorey, and with alder and willow near pools of water.
The Cleveland Way long distance footpath follows along at the head of the cliffs. At one time animals were lowered on ropes to the intermediate plateau for grazing.
The whole stretch of coast between Maw Wyke and Beast Cliff around Robin Hood's Bay is a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest with an area of . Beast Cliff itself, at the southern end of this area, is regarded as nationally important for its coastal and woodland vegetation. Part of the area is also designated as a Special Area of Conservation, "Beast Cliff–Whitby (Robin Hood's Bay)". The Natura 2000 improvement plan for the site involves extending its boundaries to allow geomorphological processes to take place undisturbed; preventing inappropriate drainage and coastal defences; and permitting appropriate grazing.
On 10 February 1923, the Grimsby steam trawler FV Premier, wrecked after running aground and the lifeboat from Robin Hood's Bay rescued all nine crew. Later the fishing vessel broke up in heavy seas at the foot of Beast Cliff.
Geographical coordinate associations
National Grid square
At the northern end of Beast Cliff is a place that is unique in terms of the British National Grid system of geographical coordinates. The one-kilometre square is the only square containing land in the entire 100 kilometres by 100 kilometre square labelled by the Ordnance Survey and which adjoins , and at their quadripoint. Indeed, OV0000 is also the only United Kingdom land within the 500-kilometre square with the prefix letter O, which is otherwise occupied by the North Sea (and a small part of Norway, if the grid is extended).
Geograph and OV0000
Geograph Britain and Ireland is a project which is progressively publishing photographs of every one-kilometre square in Great Britain, based on grid references – only areas of land are included. Geograph has developed its own terminology whereby the 100-kilometre squares are called myriads and 500-kilometre squares are pentads. Traditionally there has been competition to publish the first photograph taken from within any given one-kilometre square. In the case of the first uploaded photograph of OV0000, taken by Peter Standing on 15 July 2006 and published two days later, it turned out to create another new record. In the Geograph discussion forums there had been interested in which would be the first myriad to have every square photographed. Since OV0000 was the only land square in OV and no other myriads had been completed, it also won that "race". Since that time several photographs of the grid point have been uploaded to Geograph.
Only the southwestern corner of OV0000, that is to say and , are occupied by land – there are only some foreshore, with far less above high tide at the very foot of the cliff.
Worked All Britain and OV00
Worked all Britain is an amateur radio awards group established in 1969 to encourage geographical knowledge and improved radio transmission techniques for amateur radio operators. There are awards for operating a radio station from as many of the OS, Irish and UTM 100-kilometre squares ("large squares") as possible and also, likewise, for 10-kilometre squares. For , and hence the myriad OV, the first "activation" was on 8 September 1977.
In 1987 a specially built ladder was fitted to the steepest part of the cliff below the intermediate plateau. From War Dike Gate, on the Cleveland Way at the top of the cliff, the ladder could be reached by scrambling down the upper part of the cliff, aided by ropes. More fixed ropes led from the foot of the ladder to the shore. An radio mast, constructed on a tree trunk, was put in place. However, a succession of storms in 1999 destroyed the entire set-up. A new route was built in 2006.
References
Cliffs of England
North York Moors
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in North Yorkshire
Landforms of North Yorkshire
Quadripoints and higher
Yorkshire coast
The basketball of Sportovní klub Královo Pole Brno won the top league in total once and include it in the record of the Czechoslovak league overall 15th place.
Honours
Czechoslovak League
Winners (1): 1938-39
External links
Official site
Basketball teams in the Czech Republic
Sport in Brno
Basketball in Czechoslovakia
Marcellinara (Calabrian: ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It is a small village located in the middle of the narrowest strip (isthmus) of Italy and one of the narrowest of Europe as well, between the Ionian (East) and the Tyhrennian (West) seas; the distance between them is only 40 km.
It is located close to both the regional capital of Catanzaro and the international airport of Lamezia Terme.
Transport
The village is around 20 minutes far away from Lamezia Terme International Airport, from Lamezia Terme Centrale railway station and from the A3 Salerno-Reggio Calabria high-way exit of the same Lamezia Terme.
It is also 15 minutes away from the train station of Catanzaro Lido and 10 minutes from the SS 106 Taranto-Reggio Calabria exit.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Dick Ringler is an emeritus Professor of English and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Wisconsin - Madison, and is one of the world's foremost authorities on Icelandic literature.
Ringler's book Bard of Iceland: Jónas Hallgrimsson: Poet and Scientist, a biography and translation of selected works of Icelandic poet Jónas Hallgrimsson was named a top ten University Press title for 2003 by Book Sense. In 2007 they completed a new translation of the Old English epic poem Beowulf, in which particular emphasis was given to preserving the oral rhythm and meter of the original text. This translation was adapted as an audio drama with Norman Gilliland of Wisconsin Public Radio and was released in 2007 under the title Beowulf: The Complete Story—A Drama ().
References
American academics of English literature
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Wisconsin–Madison faculty
Orrell is a ward of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. The population of the ward had fallen at the 2011 Census to 11,513. The centre of the area lies to the west of Wigan town centre and serves as a predominantly residential suburb of Wigan. The area is contiguous with the district of Pemberton.
Historically in Lancashire, Orrell was a centre of the coal mining industry, though today no evidence of the area's industrial past is present. The electoral ward of Orrell has a population of 11,203, however, the ward covers a larger area also containing parts of Billinge and Winstanley.
History
Orrell derives from the Anglo Saxon ora and hyll, a hill where ore is dug. It has been variously recorded as Horul in 1212, Orel in 1292, Orhull in 1294 and Orul in 1307 and subsequently known as Orrell-in-Makerfield. It was the extreme north-west berewick of the manor of Newton-in-Makerfield before the Norman Conquest of England.
In 1212 the manor was held by Richard de Orrell but became divided and was acquired by the Hollands of Upholland and descended to the Lovels and subsequently to the Earls of Derby. After several changes of ownership it belonged to Roger Leigh of Aspull. Orrell was the family name of a number of landowners in the area and branches of the Orrell family held small estates here for centuries. There are records from 1558 showing William Orrell living at Orrell Hall.
Industrial history
The coal measures of the Lancashire Coalfield were mined extensively at the Orrell Collieries between 1740 and 1850. A tramroad modelled on John Blenkinsop's railway at Middleton was built in 1812 from the pits to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Crooke. Robert Daglish was its engineer. A cottage nail making industry flourished at the same time. Another employer was the Sandbrook cotton mill where raw cotton was spun into thread.
No significant industry is present in the area which is primarily a residential suburb for commuters.
Post war
Divided by the M6 and M58 motorways, the area has developed two unofficial 'sections': the southern section with railway station and Orrell Rugby Union Club's former 'Edge Hall Road; and Orrell Post, at the northern side of the M58. The original Orrell 'post', signifying a halt on the turnpike road, is still outside the Stag public house at a crossroads. The area's proximity to Wigan town centre and its position at a junction of the M6, make it an attractive location from which to commute.
Governance
From 1894 to 1974, Orrell formed its own local government district; Orrell Urban District, and lay within the administrative county of Lancashire.
With the coming of local government reforms in 1974, Orrell's urban district status was abolished and the area was amalgamated into the newly formed Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, in Greater Manchester.
Orrell forms part of the Makerfield parliamentary constituency, which is represented in the House of Commons by Labour Member of Parliament, Yvonne Fovargue, replacing Ian McCartney who retired at the 2010 election.
Geography
The area's northern section surrounds junction 26 of the M6 motorway. The M6 motorway passes north-south through the area and the section of Orrell to the east of the M6 directly adjoins the district of Pemberton. Orrell and Pemberton form one contiguous residential area.
Orrell is one of twenty five electoral wards that make up the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan. It's the most westerly ward in Greater Manchester. Orrell is part of the Wigan Urban Area.
Education
St John Rigby College is situated at the northern edge of the Orrell area. St Peter's Catholic High School consistently top of the Wigan schools' league table is located on the adjacent road to Orrell Library. Dean Trust Wigan is located on the eastern side of the M6 Motorway.
Community facilities
Orrell Library used to be located on Orrell Road but was closed in March 2010 and moved to the new nearby Abraham Guest High School, despite local attempts to keep the original site open.
To the south of the area is Orrell Water Park, a disused water storage reservoir, which has now been turned to leisure use and attracts walkers, fishermen and picnickers.
The broadcasting studios of Wish FM, radio for the Wigan/St Helens area, are located in the area. on the eastern side of the M6.
Transport
The area's principal road is the A577-Boothstown to Ormskirk. The M6 motorway runs north-south through the area. The easily accessible East Lancashire Road and M62 give access to Salford and Manchester. The M58 provides the Wigan area with a link to West Lancashire and the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton and the areas to the north the City of Liverpool. It was proposed that the Orrell area (Junction 26 of the M6) be the starting point of the A5225 Wigan and Hindley bypass road linking the M6 and the M58 with the M61 at Bolton. Orrell railway station is located at the southern section of the area providing services eastbound to Manchester Victoria (passing through Wigan Wallgate) and westbound to Kirkby (passing through Upholland railway station and Rainford railway station).
Sport
The area is the home of South Lancashire & Cheshire Division 2 side Orrell Rugby Union Football Club. The senior and junior academy sides of Wigan RLFC rugby league club play their home games at Edge Hall Road. Orrell left Edge Hall Road at the end of the 2006–07 season and began playing at St John Rigby College.
The Orrell Otters Football Club currently ply their trade in the South Lancs Counties Second Division after winning the Third Division championship in their debut season, and are also the current Houghton Memorial Cup holders after winning the trophy in 2010.
Gallery
See also
Listed buildings in Orrell, Greater Manchester
St Luke's Church, Orrell
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
UK & Ireland Genealogy - Orrell, Genealogy and Gazetteer webspace about Orrell.
Orrell, Billinge, Winstanley Township, Wigan MBC website.
Areas of Greater Manchester
Unparished areas in Greater Manchester
Geography of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan
Tony Currie (born 25 December 1962) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s.  They are of Aboriginal descent and played for the Australian side, State of Origin for Queensland. At club level they played for the Brisbane Broncos, and the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in Australia, appearing in premiership-winning sides for both teams, and Leeds in England.
Playing career
In 1982, while playing with Western Suburbs, Currie won the Brisbane Rugby League premiership's Rothmans Medal. On 20 July 1988 Currie played for Australia in their record 62-point win over Papua New Guinea, scoring a try. Currie helped the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs win the 1988 Grand Final against the Balmain Tigers. They also played in the Brisbane Broncos first grand final in 1992, helping them to claim their maiden premiership. In the weeks following the grand final Currie travelled with the Broncos to England, where they played from the interchange bench in the 1992 World Club Challenge against British champions Wigan, helping Brisbane become the first NSWRL club to win the match in Britain.
Post playing
Currie later coached the Super League club, the London Broncos between 1996 and 1998. They were President of the Wests Panthers club for a number of years.
References
External links
(archived by web.archive.org) Queensland Representatives at qrl.com.au
1962 births
Living people
Australia national rugby league team players
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Brisbane Broncos players
Brisbane rugby league team players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
Leeds Rhinos players
London Broncos coaches
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Redcliffe Dolphins players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league players from Townsville
Wests Panthers players
Rao Shiv Bahadur Singh (1894–1955) was an Indian politician with the Indian National Congress party, who was convicted in 1950 of taking bribes to issue a forged document for a diamond mining firm. They were sentenced to three years imprisonment and expelled from the Congress Party.
 They are the father of Arjun Singh, the former Human Resource Development Minister in the Manmohan Singh government.
Life
A jagirdaar or landlord from Churhat, Madhya Pradesh, Shiv Bahadur Singh was the 26th "Rao" of Churhat, a branch of the Rewa royal line. Around the time of independence, they joined the Congress Party and was one of the leaders of the party in Madhya Pradesh. They also served as minister in the Central cabinet under Jawaharlal Nehru.
In 1950, Shiv Bahadur Singh was convicted for forging official documents that permitted the closed Panna Diamond Mining syndicate to resume operations, in return for which they were paid a bribe of Rs. 25,000 by Nagindas Mehta of the firm, on 1949-04-11 at the Constitution House New Delhi.
The forgeries were backdated to the period when they had been minister in the then state of Vindhya Pradesh (before it was merged with Madhya Pradesh in 1956). Neither the fact of the bribe nor the forgery were contested in several subsequent appeals.
In the legal trial, they were initially acquitted by a special court, but the state appealed to the Judicial Commissioner (predecessor to the present court system) where they were found guilty under articles relating to forgery, criminal conspiracy, and "illegal gratification by a public servant". They were sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for three years, while a bureaucrat who connived in the operation was sentenced for one year.
In the ensuing scandal, Shiv Bahadur Singh was expelled from the Congress party.
 They are the father of Congress party stalwart Arjun Singh, who has served as Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh and Union Human Resources Development Minister. Arjun Singh was also involved in allegations of fraud involving the Churhat lottery, but beyond claims of disproportionate expenses, nothing has been proved.
Supreme Court appeal
In 1953, Shiv Bahadur Singh appealed this judgment to the Supreme Court, but the argument never made the case that they were innocent of the charges. The judgment in the case, which argued a number of points relating to legal
minutiae, remains an oft-cited legal landmark for these technical questions. The lawyers for Singh, headed by Rajinder Narain, argued that
there was no specific provision that the State could appeal the decision of the lower court. While this may be a lacuna in the law, it should be respected. This contention was overruled, looking at the spirit of the text pertaining to appeals.
the criminal laws under which they were convicted were legislated in September 1949, whereas the crime occurred in March, thus the law was not "in force at the time of the commission of the act" (Article 20 of the constitution). However, this was overruled since the " criminal law relating to the offences charged against the appellants at the time of their commission was substantially the same as that which obtained at the time of the convictions".
that the bribe was taken in Delhi, which is outside the jurisdiction of the Vindhya Pradesh court that tried them (this was also overruled).
Thus the appeal was reversed on all counts, and the case was referred to be heard on the "merits". Since the merits were not contested, Shiv Bahadur Singh remained imprisoned and died while in prison.
References
Vindhya Pradesh politicians
Vindhya Pradesh MLAs 1951–1956
Indian National Congress politicians
People from Sidhi
Indian people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Indian detention
1894 births
1955 deaths
Madhya Pradesh politicians
Bay Bridge (foaled 1 April 2018) is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Background
Bay Bridge is a bay colt with no white markings bred in England by their owner, James Wigan's London Thoroughbred Services. They were sent into training with Michael Stoute at Freemason Lodge Stables in Newmarket, Suffolk.
They were from the first crop of foals sired by New Bay, who won the Prix du Jockey Club and finished third in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe as a three-year-old in 2012. Bay Bridge's dam Hayyona showed no racing ability, failing to win or place in three starts. They were a great-granddaughter of the Prix de Diane winner Shemaka, and closely related to many good winners including Technician, Shahrastani, Shakeel and Shakapour.
Racing career
2020: two-year-old season
Bay Bridge began their racing career in a seven furlong novice race (for horses with no more than two previous wins) on soft ground at Yarmouth Racecourse on 12 October when they started at odds of 10/1 and finished third to Marrakech Moon, beaten five and three quarter lengths by the winner. On their only other start of the year they finished fourth in a similar event on the synthetic polytrack surface at Kempton Park Racecourse in November.
2021: three-year-old season
On 7 April Bay Bridge began their second season in a novice race over ten furlongs on Tapeta at Newcastle Racecourse when they were ridden by P. J. McDonald and started at odds 9/4. They took the lead a furlong out and accelerated away from their four opponents to win "comfortably" by five lengths. In May the colt started 11/4 favourite for the London Gold Cup, a handicap race over the same distance at Newbury Racecourse which saw them assigned a weight of 122 pounds. Ridden by Ryan Moore they raced towards the rear in the early stages before going to the front two furlongs from the finish and stayed on well to come home four lengths clear of the runner-up King Frankel. They were then aimed at the King Edward VII Stakes at Royal Ascot but was forced to miss the race owing to a foot abscess.
After a break of almost five months Bay Bridge returned for a ten furlong all-aged handicap at York Racecourse when they were ridden by Richard Kingscote and started favourite under top weight of 132 pounds. They were restrained towards the rear of the field by Kingscote before producing a strong late run which saw them gain the advantage in the closing stages and win by half a length from the six-year-old gelding Platinumcard. On 30 October the colt was stepped up in class to contest the Listed James Seymour Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse in which they were partnered by Moore and went off the 6/5 favourite in a five-runner field which included the dual Canadian International Stakes winner Desert Encounter. They raced in second place before moving up to join the front-running Majestic Dawn approaching the final furlong and got the better of a sustained struggle to win by half a length. Michael Stoute commented "Bay Bridge had a little niggle in the summer that kept them off, but their attitude was good there today. He's a professional horse with a good mind and I think he'll stay a mile and a half."
2022: four-year-old season
Bay Bridge's third campaign began with a move up in class for the Group 3 Brigadier Gerard Stakes over ten furlongs at Sandown Park on 26 May. With Moore in the saddle they went off the 7/4 second favourite behind the Gordon Richards Stakes winner Mostahdaf in a five-runner field which also included Addeybb, Lord Glitters and Dubai Future. They settled towards the rear as Addeybb set the pace before making a forward move in the last quarter mile and taking the lead a furlong out. Bay Bridge drew right away in the closing stages and won in "impressive" style by five lengths. After the race James Wigan said "He's such a big, strong boy. We rather thought in the paddock that they looked as though they might need the race but we've always thought a lot of them and Sir Michael has always been very complimentary about him... I'd be inclined to stick to a mile and quarter at present. He's beaten some good horses in a good race today. Ryan said they showed a great turn of foot and it's very exciting." In the 5 June edition of the World's Best Racehorse Rankings Bay Bridge, despite never having contested a Group 1 race, was rated the fifth-best horse in the world behind Baaeed, Life Is Good, Nature Strip and Speaker's Corner.
Pedigree
Bay Bridge is inbred 4 × 4 to Sadler's Wells, meaning that this stallion appears twice in the fourth generation of their pedigree.
References
2018 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 3-o
How Bad Are Bananas? The Carbon Footprint of Everything is a 2010 non-fiction book by Mike Berners-Lee. The book details the carbon footprint of a wide range of activities and helps guide people towards less carbon-costly lifestyle options.
Publication
The book is written by British writer and academic Mike Berners-Lee, who acknowledges throughout the book their use of estimates and imperfect calculations. It was first published in 2010; a second edition was published in the UK in 2020, and an "Updated North American edition", retitled The Carbon Footprint of Everything, in 2022.
Second edition:
"Updated North American" edition:
Synopsis
The book gives an approximate carbon footprint of just under 100 activities starting small, with carbon used in sending a text message, ending with the massive example of a World Cup. Commentary in the book helps the reader separate important decisions from trivial ones, for example highlighting that fresh food transported by air is more environmentally harmful than comparable produce transported by ship or truck.
The book compares methods of transport, including walking and cycling and details the differences in carbon footprint for human-powered transport based on the diet of the walkers and cyclists.
Critical reception
Aaron Couch writing for The Christian Science Monitor praises Berners-Lee for their use of humour and for informing rather than preaching.
The Independent listed the book as one of its ten recommended "best books to help you live more sustainably."
References
Climate change books
Current affairs books
2010 non-fiction books
Steven Dick (16 May 1982 – 24 March 2020) was a British diplomat who was the deputy head of mission at the British Embassy in Budapest.
Biography
Dick joined the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in 2008 and had served in Kabul and Riyadh.
Career
Dick arrived in Hungary in June 2019. They studied Hungarian in Pécs before receiving a secondment to the Hungarian Government. After a few weeks, they started their role in the Embassy in late November.
Death
On 25 March 2020, it was announced that Dick died from COVID-19 after having earlier tested positive for SARS-CoV-2. They were 37.
References
1982 births
2020 deaths
Scottish diplomats
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Hungary
Intelsat 36, also known as IS-36, is a geostationary communications satellite operated by Intelsat and designed and manufactured by Space Systems/Loral on the SSL 1300 satellite bus. It covers Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia from the 68.5° East longitude, providing media and content distribution with the South Africa MultiChoice company as anchor customer. It has a mixed C-band and Ku-band.
Satellite description
Intelsat 36 was designed and manufactured by Space Systems/Loral on the SSL 1300. It has a launch mass of and a design life of more than 15 years. When stowed for launch, the satellite measures . It is powered by two wings, with three solar panels each and is designed to generate 15.8 kW at the end of its design life.
Its payload is composed of 10 C-band transponders and 30 Ku-band. The C-band is used for content distribution in the Sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia regions. The Ku-band is used by the anchor customer for Sub-Saharan Africa content distribution.
History
On 4 August 2014, then Space Systems/Loral (now SSL) announced that it had been awarded a contract with Intelsat for a new communications satellite. Continuing with a four decades business relationship, Intelsat 36 would be designed to provide media and content distribution services in Africa and South Asia. Its anchor customer would be MultiChoice of South Africa.
On 15 July 2016, Senior Space Program Managers Richard Laurie and Brian Sing blogged that they had been on the Boeing factory overseeing the transport preparations for Intelsat 33e to French Guiana. There it would join Intelsat 36, for integration on the Ariane 5 ECA launcher, which was expected to launch on 24 August 2016. On 26 July 2016, Space Systems/Loral announced the arrival that same day of Intelsat 36 to the spaceport in Kourou. At the French launch site, even though Intelsat is the owner of the two passengers of the Ariane 5 VA 232 flight, they have separate launch teams. Each satellite is built by a different manufacturer, and it has a different supervisor team within Intelsat.
On 4 August 2016, Program Manager Brian Sing died and the flight was dedicated in their honor. On 24 August 2016, at 22:16:01 UTC, after a slight delay due to a rocket issue, the Ariane 5 ECA VA-232 flight launched from Centre Spatial Guyanais, ELA-3, with Intelsat 33e riding the upper position and Intelsat 36 enclosed under the SYLDA. At 22:57 UTC, Intelsat 36 separated from the rocket's upper stage. Intelsat confirmed that it had received the satellites signals as expected after separation. Arianespace estimated the insertion orbit as 248.7 km × 35,858 km × 5.98°, very close to the target of 249.0 km × 35,879 km × 6.00°.
Intelsat 36 entered into operation on 6 October 2016.
References
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the SSL 1300 bus
Spacecraft launched in 2016
Intelsat satellites
Ariane commercial payloads
The 60th Medium Combined Arms Brigade is one of the six combined arms brigades of the 83rd Group Army under the Central Theater Command. The 60th was converted from a division to a brigade as part of the PLA modernization efforts of the late 1990s.
The predecessor 60th Division() was created in 1949 as part of the 20th Corps. It consisted of the 178th, 179th, and 180th Regiments. It entered Korea along with the rest of the 20th Corps as part of the People's Volunteer Army (Chinese People's Volunteers (CPV) or Chinese Communist Forces (CCF)) in September 1950. Artillery Regiment, 60th Division was activated at the same time.
The 60th Division moved toward a blocking position near Koto-ri, south of "Hell-Fire Valley" during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir.
The division withdrew from Korea in October 1952 and garrisoned in Shanghai. In December, the division moved to Huangyan-Haimen area in Zhejiang for coastal security missions.
In March 1953, the division was reorganized:
The 265th Tank Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment was activated and attached to the division;
Artillery Regiment, 60th Division was redesignated as the 340th Artillery Regiment;
The 180th Regiment detached the division and reconstituted as the Artillery Training Battalion, 20th Corps;
The Special Troops Regiment, 20th Corps attached to the division and reconstituted as the new 180th Regiment.
In September 1956, 265th Tank Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment detached from the division.
In April 1960, the division was redesignated as the 60th Army Division(). By then the division was composed of:
178th Regiment
179th Regiment
180th Regiment
340th Artillery Regiment
In June 1969, the 340th Artillery Regiment was redesignated as the Artillery Regiment, 60th Army Division.
In May 1975, the division moved to Minggang, Xinyang, Henan along with the Army Corps headquarters.
In September 1985, the division was renamed as the 60th Infantry Division() and maintained as a northern infantry division, category B.
The 180th Regiment was disbanded;
The 175th Regiment from the disbanding 59th Army Division was attached to the division.
In September 1998, the division was reduced and reorganized into the 60th Motorized Infantry Brigade().
In April 2017, the brigade was reorganized into the 60th Medium Combined Arms Brigade().
References
Brigades of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in the 1990s
Matodzi Irene Mawela (born 3 March 1940) is a South African singer and composer who has been active since the late 1950s.  They are known primarily for their contributions to mbaqanga music and songs made in the Tshivenda language, and has contributed to an estimated 1,000 studio recordings and radio transcriptions.
Biography
Mawela was born and raised in a Venda family in Soweto, South Africa, but due to the denigration of the Venda tribe during apartheid rule, they attended a Sesotho-language school. In their teens, they joined a girl group named The Sweet Voices, which was spotted performing at a wedding by talent scout Rupert Bopape. At 17, they signed a contract with Bopape, then a producer for EMI South Africa, and began composing and recording for the inaugural line-up of the Dark City Sisters and a young Simon Nkabinde, not yet famous as Mahlathini. In 1962, they moved to Troubadour Records and joined the popular female group The Sweet Sixteens, as well as backing artists including Dixie Kwankwa and Mabel Mafuya.
Mawela was the first recording artist to make popular music recordings in Tshivenda. Artists were initially forbidden to compose songs in Tshivenda and Xitsonga, which were considered unmarketable languages by the commercial recording industry. Much of Mawela's early work was made in isiZulu and Sesotho. In the mid-1960s, Mawela finally persuaded record executives to allow them to gauge the market with one Tshivenda single, which was a commercial success. Much of their material was released on 78 and 45rpm recordings, later compiled into 33rpm LP releases.
In the early 1970s, Mawela joined Gallo Africa's Mavuthela subsidiary. They made recordings with the likes of the Mahotella Queens, Izintombi Zomoya, Mgababa Queens, Abafana Baseqhudeni, Jacob 'Mpharanyana' Radebe, Patience Africa, Ray Phiri, Stimela and Ladysmith Black Mambazo. During this era, Mawela was a major contributor to the development of mbaqanga music, alongside soul, disco, maskandi and gospel recordings. They were awarded the coveted Nambi ya Dzinambi (Best Artist) award from the SABC/Radio Venda in 1982, 1983 and 1984, in addition to 2nd Best Song for their singles "Abakhulu" in 1974 and "Hao Nkarabe" in 1984. Mawela also freelanced with the SABC, making more than two dozen transcription unreleased recordings for airplay.
Mawela reduced their involvement in the music industry in the late 1980s and 1990s as they concentrated on raising their family in Limpopo. They returned to the recording industry in the 21st century, coinciding with a number of honours including the National Heritage Council's National Living Treasure award, numerous honours from the South African Department of Arts and Culture, a 2012 TSHIMA Awards Lifetime Achievement Award and an honorary doctorate from the University of Pretoria.
Selected discography
1982: Khanani Yanga
1983: Mme Anga Khotsi Anga
1983: Hao Nkarabe
2004: O Mohau
2007: Tlhokomela Sera
2012: Africa 5
2016: Pembelani
2017: Ari Pembele: Let's Rejoice
2019: The Best of the SABC Years (1982–88)
References
External links
Bandcamp page
Official Facebook page
1940 births
Living people
People from Soweto
20th-century South African women singers
21st-century South African women singers
is a railway station in the city of Murakami, Niigata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Echigo-Hayakawa Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line, and is 71.4 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station.
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station is unattended.
Platforms
History
Echigo-Hayakawa Station opened on 31 July 1924. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR East.
Surrounding area
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1924
Murakami, Niigata
The death of Liliana "Barbarita" Cepeda was a child's death that caused commotion in Puerto Rico during 1997. Investigations into the case caused confusion among the general public, because at first it had been claimed by Puerto Rican police that Cepeda had been raped and murdered, then it was alleged that they died accidentally.
Liliana Barbara "Barbarita" Cepeda Casado (1990–1997) was a young Puerto Rican girl of African descent.
On April 30, 2013, they are, along with Lorenzo Gonzalez Cacho and several other children who have disappeared or died violent deaths in Puerto Rico, remembered at Puerto Rico's Capitol, during a ceremony to promote reduction of mistreatment of minors in Puerto Rico.
Case
Liliana Barbarita Cepeda Casado was with their family enjoying a day at the beach swimming on June 8, 1997, when they first disappeared at Escambron Beach in San Juan. People began looking for them all over the beach and underwater.
Them body was found on June 9, in the basement of an abandoned building that hosted what was once an Olympic-sized swimming pool used for the 1979 Pan American Games water competitions.
Initially it was said that they had been raped, beaten and murdered. Days after that announcement, however, police recanted, declaring their death as an accidental one. During a press conference, Police chief Pedro Toledo discussed that their 11-year-old brother allegedly admitted that they had fallen to their death as they were playing with them and that, afraid of the consequences this could bring him, their brother claimed they were kidnapped. Toledo later held another press conference, where they admitted their comments could have been misleading. "At that time, I understood that we had to put an end to the hysteria (surrounding the case)" Toledo told the press that day.
On November 16, 1998, Jose Luis Ortiz Vega, Barbarita's stepfather and Eugenio J. Rodriguez Galindo were arrested and charged with the kidnapping and murder of Cepeda Casado. During a preliminary court hearing on December 16 of that year, it was determined there was probable cause to accuse the two of first degree murder and of kidnapping, in addition to gun law violations. A third man, named Eliezer Santana Baez, testified they had witnessed some of what the other two men had been accused of doing. Santana Baez, however, had also declared that they were not there when Cepeda Casado died and that they had been coerced to lie by authorities.
It was later argued by the two accused men's defense that some of the evidence offered by prosecution had been in the hands of the public ministry and that they had not been handed to defense until the day of a hearing, 15 January 1999, and as such, the accusations should be discarded. These motions were later dismissed by jury.
Six months after being jailed in 1998, both Ortiz Vega and Rodriguez Galindo had to be released due to being jailed without a trial.
Santana Baez later alleged that they had lied about the case and a judge then found no cause against Rodriguez Galindo. Santana Baez was later found guilty of the murder of a Puerto Rican dancer.
Ortiz Vega died of AIDS.
External links
1997 deaths
1997 crimes in Puerto Rico
Child deaths
Deaths by person in Puerto Rico
June 1997 events in North America
Thomas O. Mensah (born around 1950) is a Ghanaian-American chemical engineer and inventor, who contributed to the development of fiber optics and nanotechnology. They have 14 patents, and was inducted into the US National Academy of Inventors in 2015. In 2017, Dr. Mensah served as Editor-in-Chief of the textbook Nanotechnology Commercialization, published by John Wiley & Sons.
Early life and education
Thomas Mensah was born in Kumasi, Ghana. Their father, J.K. Mensah, was a merchant who shipped cocoa products to chocolate manufacturers in France. Mensah was fluent in French, and won the National French competition in Ghana, both at the Ordinary Levels (1968) and Advanced Levels (1970) in Accra Ghana.
Mensah attended Adisadel College in Cape Coast Ghana and completed their undergraduate studies in chemical engineering at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology. They then received a French government fellowship to study at Montpellier University in France. While there, they took part in a program at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and received a certificate in Modeling and Simulation of Chemical Processes from MIT in 1977. A year later, they graduated with their PhD in Chemical Engineering from Montpelier University.
Career
Mensah worked at Air Products and Chemicals from 1980 to 1983.
In 1983, Mensah joined Corning Glass Works, working in fiber optics research at Sullivan Park, New York. Researchers at Corning had previously developed optical fiber with loss below the crucial attenuation limit of 20 dB/km, but the fibers could not be manufactured at rates higher than 2 meters per second. Mensah improved the manufacturing process through a series of innovations, raising the speed of manufacture to 20 meters per second by 1985. This made the cost of optical fiber comparable to traditional copper cables. Mensah received the Corning Glass Works Individual Outstanding Contributor Award for this work in 1985. Their work ultimately raised speed of manufacture above 50 m/s.
Mensah moved to Bell laboratories in 1986, where they led a program to develop the first laser guided weapons for the US Department of Defense guided missile program. This program enabled the development of missiles that travel at the speed of sound (Mach 1).
Mensah is president and CEO of Georgia Aerospace Systems, which manufactures nano composite structures used in missiles and aircraft for the US Department of Defense. On February 24, 2017, CBS Television News ran a segment for Black History Month featuring Dr. Mensah titled "The Engineer who Revolutionized the Internet".
Mensah also serves on the board of a number of organizations including the AIChE National Board of Directors (1987–1990) and is a current Trustee of the Board of AIChE Foundation, and member of the board for the NASA Space Grant Consortium at Georgia Institute of Technology. Mensah was elected a Fellow US National Academy of Inventors in 2014.
 They are also chairperson of Entertainment Arts Research Inc, a Virtual Reality and Video Game Design Company.
Since early 2016, Mensah has been working to create a "Silicon Valley of the South" in the US State of Texas.
Awards
Mensah is a recipient of several awards including Turner's Trumpet Award for Fiber Optics Innovation, Percy Julian Award, Golden Torch Award; the highest award by NSBE, William Grimes Award and Eminent Engineers award by AIChE.  They are also a member of the AIChE 100. In December 2017 they received the Kwame Nkrumah African Genius Award in Science/Technology and Innovation in Ghana.
Dr Mensah delivered the 10th R. P. Baffour Lecture at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology on 23 November 2017 where they were awarded an Honorary degree in Doctor of Science; D.Sc. Honoraris Causa after the lecture. In November 2015, they received the International Business Leadership Award from the African Leadership Magazine in Atlanta Georgia, USA. They have been profiled in Ebony Magazine's edition of October 2006 and Chemical Engineering Progress Magazine's edition of October 2008, March 2009 and March 2015. They served on the visiting committee in Chemical Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1988 to 1992. They have also published four books: Fiber Optics Engineering in 1987, Superconductor Engineering in 1992 their autobiography The Right Stuff Comes in Black, Too in 2013 and Nanotechnology Commercialization in 2017. In the first quarter of 2015, the government of the State of Georgia in the USA passed a House Resolution to commend Mensah and their works.
References
External links
Official website
Ghanaian chemical engineers
Fiber optics
20th-century American inventors
African-American inventors
American scientists
African-American scientists
Scientists at Bell Labs
People from Kumasi
Ghanaian emigrants to the United States
Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology alumni
University of Montpellier alumni
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers
Fellows of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
Living people
Year of birth uncertain
21st-century African-American people
Ghanaian engineers
Irja Ketonen ( Blomqvist; 20 June 1921 – 17 November 1988) was a Finnish media executive, whose life and career has been described as 'the Cinderella story of the Finnish media sector'. They were the first woman to be granted Finland's highest civilian honorary title of Vuorineuvos.
Early life
Irja Blomqvist was born to a working-class family. They began work at the age of 13, as a gofer in the Turun Sanomat newspaper offices, in which role they stayed for three years, while at the same time finishing their education. Later they were promoted to clerical roles, dealing with administrative matters such as processing mail and advertising. The managing director and editor-in-chief, Arvo Ketonen, saw potential in her, and among other things trusted them with the management of the newspaper's picture archive.
Marriage
Arvo Ketonen's first marriage had ended in 1933, when their wife died leaving no children. In 1941, they caused controversy by marrying their employee, Irja Blomqvist, 30 years their junior.
Consequently, they left their job at the newspaper, and became a homemaker. The couple had four children, born between 1942 and 1946.
In 1945, Arvo Ketonen became ill, and eventually passed away in 1948, leaving their widow to look after the family business and a young family.
Leadership
Upon their husband's death, and as stipulated in their will, Irja Ketonen assumed management control of the Turun Sanomat operations, at first only temporarily, due to strong resistance by the company's board, and with many doubting their ability to run the business due to their young age and lack of business experience, but nevertheless they returned and remained on permanent full-time basis from 1955.
For a woman to take the helm of a large business was highly unusual at the time, yet Irja Ketonen not only successfully managed the Turun Sanomat operation, they developed the group into a sizeable and successful business, and is remembered as something of a pioneer of the industry.
In 1981, Ketonen stepped back from the day-to-day running of the newspaper, and instead took on the role of President of the wider media group, which owns Turun Sanomat as well as many other media, printing, logistics and other businesses.
Honours
In 1979, Ketonen was chosen by the Federation of Finnish Enterprises () as their 'Entrepreneur of the Year'.
In 1980, they were granted by President Urho Kekkonen the honorary Finnish title of Vuorineuvos, as the first woman to receive the honour.
References
Finnish businesspeople
20th-century Finnish businesspeople
Finnish chief executives
Media executives
People from Turku
1921 births
1988 deaths
The Concord Mountains is a group name applied to a complex system of mountain ranges in northwest Victoria Land, Antarctica, comprising the Everett Range, Mirabito Range, King Range, Leitch Massif, East Quartzite Range and West Quartzite Range. It is situated on the Pennell Coast, a part of Antarctica between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
The mountains were mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs from 1960–63. The name "Concord" was chosen by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE), which explored the area in 1963–64, in honor of international harmony in Antarctica, and in particular for the fact that five nations participated in the region's exploration.
References
Mountain ranges of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Mukhanov () is a Russian masculine surname, which originates from Mukhan, a short form of Muhammad, rather than from the Russian word муха (fly). its feminine counterpart is Mukhanova. It may refer to
Alex Mukhanov (born 1976), Ukrainian ice hockey defenceman
Viatcheslav Mukhanov (born 1956), Russian theoretical physicist and cosmologist
Vladimir Mukhanov (born 1954), Russian football coach
Russian-language surnames
Senapala Samarasekera (10 February 1919 - 2 October 1984) was a Sri Lankan politician.
In the 1940s Samarasekera took over the responsibility of the family's tea plantation, the Kunduppakanda estate, in the Ruhuna tea production area in southern Sri Lanka near Galle in Angulugaha.
At the 4th parliamentary elections in March 1960 they were elected as the member for Akmeemana, representing the Lanka Prajathanthravadi Pakshaya (Ceylon Democratic Party), securing approximately 48% of the vote. At the subsequent parliamentary elections in July 1960 they retained the seat with an increased majority. During the parliamentary debate on the takeover of denominational schools towards the end of 1960 Samarasekera switched to the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
Samarasekera was defeated at the 6th parliamentary elections in 1965 by a narrow margin of just over 1,000 votes. They were however successful in regaining the seat at the next parliamentary elections in 1970, with almost 60% of the vote. In July 1970 they were appointed Deputy Chairman of Committees a position they retained until July 1976.
References
1919 births
Members of the 4th Parliament of Ceylon
Members of the 5th Parliament of Ceylon
Deputy chairpeople of committees of the Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the 7th Parliament of Ceylon
People from Northern Province, Sri Lanka
People of British Ceylon
Sri Lanka Freedom Party politicians
1984 deaths
Jonathan Ackley is an American interactive theme park attraction and computer game designer, writer, and programmer.  They are best known for being the Creative Director and Producer on Walt Disney World's Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom and co-project leader, with Larry Ahern, for LucasArts Games The Curse of Monkey Island.
 They are an inventor who holds or co-holds more than 35 patents, including for novel game interfaces, theme park systems, rides and attractions, interactive merchandise, RFID, bar codes, consumer media platforms, mobile-powered reservation systems, and parental controls for cellular phones.
Career
Jonathan Ackley began their career as a programmer at LucasArts on Day of the Tentacle in 1993.
They were co-project leader on The Curse of Monkey Island in 1997, an animated pirate adventure that received critical acclaim. The Curse of Monkey Island was nominated for or won many industry awards, including "best adventure game of 1997" by Computer Games Strategy Plus, Computer Gaming World, and PC Gamer US, and GameSpot, which said "The Curse of Monkey Island has all the makings of a classic."
They worked as an associate game designer for Rocket Science Games on Cadillacs and Dinosaurs: The Second Cataclysm in 1994. While there, they were an Associate Game Designer and also a voice actor for the game Loadstar: The Legend of Tully Bodine, playing the role of "Scorpion."
For Mindstorms, the LEGO company's flagship toy robotics line, Ackley crafted the interfaces for Mindstorms' "Robotics Invention System 2.0" and "Mindstorms Vision Command."
Starting in 2001, Mr. Ackley joined Walt Disney Imagineering creating interactive entertainment for their amusement parks. In this function, they co-designed Walt Disney World's Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom with their former Curse of Monkey Island co-lead, Larry Ahern, in 2012. "Insidethemagic.net" called them the "Sorcerer behind 'Sorcerers'" in a 2012 interview with Ackley.
As a Disney Imagineer, Ackley played a major design role in a number of innovative attractions. These included:
Led the technology team for the Disney Company's Interactive Television Platform.
Designer and Producer for the THEA Award-winning Kim Possible's World Showcase Adventure at EPCOT. This successful in-park high-tech scavenger hunt was later re-imagined as "Agent P's World Showcase Adventure with Phineas and Ferb," which also met with critical and popular acclaim. In a June 2012 interview, Ackley said of the "Agent P" experience, "From a WDI standpoint, the focus is always on the storyline and not the technology."
Designed the Leonardo Challenge at Tokyo Disney Sea
Was a show writer for the interactive queue at the Haunted Mansion at the Magic Kingdom
Designed the Midship Detective Agency game on the Disney Cruise ships
Designed and Produced The Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom in the Magic Kingdom Park
Designed and Produced the attraction "A Pirate's Adventure - Treasure of the Seven Seas" at the Magic Kingdom park
Designed and wrote the Menehune Adventure Trail game at the Disney Aulani Resort and Spa on Oahu. Ackley and colleague Chris Purvis discussed the game in a panel at the Game Developer's Conference. https://www.gdcvault.com/play/1019903/Location-Based-Interactive-Storytelling-the
Was the Executive Creative Director for the Play Disney Parks mobile application, delivering interactive theme park content to visitors to Disney's US resorts. A reviewer for familychoiceawards.com said of the app, " It makes exploring and enjoying Walt Disney World and Disneyland Resort even more fun, if you can believe that."
Was Executive Creative Director for the Disney Team of Heroes, a mobile application designed to "(bring) joy to patients at Children's Hospitals."
The New York Film Academy Game Design hosted Ackley for a 2019 in conversation as part of its "Masters of Game Design" series.
At the beginning of 2021, Ackley left the Walt Disney Company after nearly two decades of work. Most recently they have joined the mixed reality studio Animal Repair Shop as its Vice President of Product Innovation.
Games
1993 Day of the Tentacle, programmer (LucasArts)
1993 Sam & Max Hit the Road, programmer (LucasArts)
1994 Cadillacs and Dinosaurs: The Second Cataclysm, associate game designer (Rocket Science Games)
1994 Loadstar: The Legend of Tully Bodine, Associate Game Designer and voice actor, character "Scorpion" (Rocket Science Games)
1995 Full Throttle, programmer (LucasArts)
1995 The Dig, programmer (LucasArts)
1997 The Curse of Monkey Island, co-project leader (LucasArts)
1997-2020: See list above for major projects for the Walt Disney Company
2012 Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom, co-designer (The Walt Disney Company)
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Lucasfilm people
American video game designers
American video game directors
Madonna Enthroned, also known as the Ognissanti Madonna, or just Madonna Ognissanti, is a painting by the Italian late medieval artist Giotto di Bondone, housed in the Uffizi Gallery of Florence, Italy.
The painting has a traditional Christian subject, representing the Virgin Mary and the Christ Child seated on their lap, with saints and angels surrounding them on all sides. This particular representation of the Virgin is called a Maestà, a popular representation at the time. It is often celebrated as the first painting of the Renaissance due to its newfound naturalism and escape from the constraints of Gothic art.
It is generally dated to around 1310. While historians have had trouble finding specific information for indisputably attributing many of Giotto's works to the artist, Madonna Enthroned is one piece for which there are a few documents supporting its creation by Giotto. There are many sources that show they spent many years living and creating in Florence. However, the main source that documents Madonna Enthroned specifically is artist Lorenzo Ghiberti's autobiography, I Commentarii (1447). An earlier manuscript document of 1418 also attributes the painting to Giotto, but it is Ghiberti's autobiography that provides the most solid evidence.
One of Giotto's later works, Madonna Enthroned was completed in Florence, upon the artist's return to the city. It was originally painted for the Ognissanti church in Florence. Built for the Humiliati, a small religious order at the time, the church had many acclaimed paintings designed for it. Specifically, Giotto's Madonna Enthroned was designed for the high altar.
Influences
The 'Madonna Enthroned' shows the numerous styles of art that influenced Giotto. In both the gold coloring used throughout the artwork and the flat gold ground, Giotto's art continued the traditional Italo-Byzantine style so popular in the proto-Renaissance period. The altarpiece represents a formalized representation of an icon, still retaining the stiffness of Byzantine art, and Giotto retained the hierarchy of scale, making the centralized Madonna and the Christ Child much larger in size than the surrounding saints and religious figures.
Giotto's figures, however, escape the bounds of Byzantine art. Their figures are weighty and are reminiscent of three-dimensional sculptures, such as those in classical Roman sculpture. The Madonna's intricately decorated throne, which itself is an Italian Gothic design, has a very specific use of colored marble as a surface decoration. This method of decoration, based on a style called Cosmatesque or Cosmati, was popular in Rome since the Early Christian period and in Tuscany in the Late Middle Ages.
There were, additionally, a number of specific artists whose styles heavily influenced the Ognissanti Madonna. The influence of Cimabue, traditionally recognized as Giotto's teacher (based on Giorgio Vasari's 16th century Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects), is shown first in the very symmetrical composition of the piece. Cimabue portrayed the same subject of symmetry in their 1280 'Virgin and Child Enthroned', and both pieces share aspects of the Italo-Byzantine style, with Cimabue's having more Byzantine attributes. Additionally, the two depictions of the angels' wings in Giotto and Cimabue's pieces clearly resemble each other. Both pieces share a similar, initial feeling of severity, yet there is more to each piece than the drama. Giotto adopted from their teacher the importance of, and the concern for, volume and forms in space.
The tranquility of Giotto's figures resembled also the style of Pietro Cavallini. From this artist, who painted neo-Byzantine pieces, taking cues from both mosaics and frescos from Roman and Early Christian times, Giotto took important lessons in the technique of painting, and in rendering figures as statuesque and calm.
Lastly, Giotto took cues from many contemporary sculptors, including Nicola and Giovanni Pisano, whose work shares influences of Northern Gothic art. In the work of these artists, Giotto saw great, dramatic compositions that would certainly influence their Ognissanti Madonna.
Technique
Giotto was the first artist to depict three-dimensional figures in western European art. Additionally, they used a much smaller space than other contemporary artists, further emphasizing the importance of the bodies in the artwork. Giotto did away with many aspects of Byzantine art that would flatten the painting. Within Cimabue's Virgin and Child Enthroned, there is the use of gold tracing to delineate the folds of the fabric. In contrast to this, Giotto's fabric folds are more realistic, and instead of lines they used light, shadow, and color to create the appearance of fabric. Contours of the body underneath these fabric folds are also visible, specifically in the Virgin's knees and also around their breasts.
Giotto used a value scale, a distinct range of light and darks, to create a sense of volume in their figures, giving them the slight smokiness that is usually characteristic of Leonardo da Vinci and later Renaissance artists.
References
Notes
Sources
Beckett, Sister Wendy and Patricia Wright. Sister Wendy's 1000 Masterpieces: Sister Wendy Beckett's Selection of the Greatest Paintings in Western Art. New York: Dorling Kindersley, 1999. Print.
Greenspun, Joanne, ed. History of Art. Abrams: New York, 1997. Print.
Miller, Julia I. and Laurie Taylor-Mitchell. From Giotto to Botticelli: The Artistic Patronage of the Humiliati in Florence. University Park, PA, 2015.
Turner, Jane, ed. The Encyclopedia of Italian Renaissance and Mannerist Art, Vol. 1. London: Macmillan Reference, 2000. Print.
Paintings by Giotto
1310s paintings
Angels in art
Paintings in the collection of the Uffizi
Paintings of the Madonna and Child
Paintings on gold backgrounds
New Jersey Rangers is an American soccer team based in Denville, New Jersey, United States. Founded in 2010, the team plays in the W-League, the second tier of Women's Soccer in America, in the Northeast Division of the Eastern Conference.
The team is a sister squad of the PDL's New Jersey Rangers.
Players
2010 roster
Notable former players
Year-by-year
Stadia
Stadium at Morris Catholic High School; Denville, New Jersey (2010–present)
External links
New Jersey Rangers on USL Soccer
Association football clubs established in 2010
Women's soccer clubs in New Jersey
USL W-League (1995–2015) teams
2010 establishments in New Jersey
Denville Township, New Jersey
Women in New Jersey
nl:New Jersey Rangers
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1996–97 season.
Overview
Bahrain Riffa Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1996–97 in Bahraini football
Samuel Francis Calderone (February 6, 1926 – November 28, 2006) was an American professional baseball catcher who spent three seasons (1950; 1953–1954) in Major League Baseball as a member of the New York Giants and Milwaukee Braves. Calderone threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Born in Beverly, New Jersey, Calderone played baseball, football and golf at Burlington City High School.
Calderone first signed with the Giants' archrivals, the Brooklyn Dodgers, in 1945 but could not make the Major League team, despite batting .317, .293 and .316 in successive minor league seasons. They were selected by New York in the 1949 Rule 5 draft and spent the season as the backup to regular Giant catcher Wes Westrum, batting .299 in 34 games and 67 at bats. They served in the United States Army during the Korean War and lost the 1951–1952 seasons to military service. One of their teammates on the 1951 Fort Myer, Virginia, Army team was Boston Braves southpaw pitcher Johnny Antonelli, and a year after Calderone returned to baseball, they and Antonelli would figure in a major trade between the Giants and the Milwaukee Braves prior to the season. In the deal, the Giants' 1951 hero Bobby Thomson and Calderone were swapped to Milwaukee for Antonelli, pitcher Don Liddle, catcher Ebba St. Claire, infielder Billy Klaus and $50,000. Antonelli would help lead the 1954 Giants to the world championship, going 21–7, leading the National League in earned run average, and picking up a win and a save against the Cleveland Indians in the Giants' World Series sweep.
Calderone, meanwhile, served as the Braves' third-string receiver that season and batted only 29 times, although they rang up 11 hits for a .379 average. They were sent to the Pacific Coast League for 1955 and finished their playing career in Triple-A in 1958. They managed in the Giants' minor league system briefly before leaving baseball. All told, Calderone appeared in 91 Major League games, batting 141 times with 41 hits.
Sam Calderone died at age 80 in Mount Holly Township, New Jersey.
References
External links
Baseball Reference
1949-50 Cienfuegos (Liga Profesional Cubana 1949-50)
Cuban League baseball card
Pura Pelota
Retrosheet
1926 births
2006 deaths
Baseball players from New Jersey
Cienfuegos players
Havana Sugar Kings players
Major League Baseball catchers
Meridian Peps players
Milwaukee Braves players
Minor league baseball managers
Mobile Bears players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Newport News Dodgers players
New York Giants (NL) players
People from Beverly, New Jersey
Portland Beavers players
Pueblo Dodgers players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
Sportspeople from the Delaware Valley
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
Yvette Reneé Wilson (March 6, 1964 – June 14, 2012) was an American comedian and actor. They were known for their role as Andell Wilkerson, the shopkeeper of the local hangout on the UPN sitcoms Moesha (1996–2001); and restaurant owner and Nikki's (played by Mo'Nique) best friend on its spinoff The Parkers (1999–2004). They had appeared in many comedy films such as House Party 3, Friday, and on Russell Simmons' Def Comedy Jam. They were also known for their role as Rita in the 1995 F. Gary Gray film Friday. Wilson died from cervical cancer at the age of 48.
Early life
Before they started their career in the entertainment business, Wilson attended San Jose State University and majored in communications. In 1991 they were a contestant on the game show Supermarket Sweep.
Wilson first entered comedy when they lost a bet and had to perform as a stand-up comedian at a friend's club. They decided to make a living off comedy and never turned back.
Career
Them big break came with Thea, a short-lived sitcom from 1993 to 1994. Thea was cancelled after 19 episodes but the show helped them get a role in House Party 3. In addition, Wilson also had a minor role in the 1995 comedy movie Friday as Smokey's blind date and appeared in films such as Poetic Justice, starring Janet Jackson, and the film parody Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood.
In 1995, they got the most important role of their career: Andell Wilkerson, a supporting character on the sitcom Moesha, which starred one of their castmates from Thea, R&B singer Brandy Norwood. Wilson's Andell character was the owner of The Den, a local teen hot spot on the show. In 2000, they left Moesha for its spin-off The Parkers, where they also played Andell Wilkerson, who was the best friend of Mo'Nique's character Nikki Parker. After The Parkers ended, they went on to appear in shows like HBO's Def Comedy Jam and Fox Network shows. Wilson final acting role was in 2005's Ganked. They started their own company by the name Tigobitties Inc.
Personal life and death
Wilson was married to record producer Jerome Harry from 2001 until their death in 2012. Wilson suffered from kidney disease, having survived a kidney transplant and regular dialysis, but eventually lost a battle with cervical cancer, which metastasized throughout their entire body. A friend, Jeffrey Pittle, created a website for people to donate money to help with their medical bills and help with transportation costs.
Wilson died on June 14, 2012, aged 48.
Filmography
References
External links
1964 births
2012 deaths
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Los Angeles
African-American actores
African-American female comedians
American film actores
American television actores
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from cervical cancer
San Jose State University alumni
American women comedians
Place of death missing
Comedians from California
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
20th-century African-American women
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
The Breech Loading 5.5-inch Mk I was a naval gun used by the British Royal Navy during both World Wars.
Naval history
This weapon was developed by Coventry Ordnance Works in 1913 and offered to the Greek Navy as the main armament for two new cruisers building at Cammell Laird. On the outbreak Of World War I the two ships were purchased by Britain as HMS Chester and HMS Birkenhead. The RN was happy with the performance of the gun as it was significantly lighter than the standard 6 inch gun and fired an 82 lb shell rather than the 100 lb shell of the 6 inch weapon. It, therefore, had a higher rate of fire with little loss in hitting power. The British ordered more guns as secondary armament for HMS Furious and HMS Hood. A total of 81 guns were made and were used on the following ships:
HMS Chester,
HMS Birkenhead,
,
, and
HMS Hermes.
Guns removed from Chester, Birkenhead and Furious were used to arm Armed Merchant cruisers:
HMS Laurentic and HMS Montclare.
Coast defence gun
The 5.5-inch guns were removed from in the 1935 refit. In 1940 two were installed in Fort Bedford Battery on Ascension Island and remain there today. A pair were installed in specially built casemates on the roof of Coalhouse Fort in Essex, overlooking the Thames. Guns from the Hood also went to Bognor Regis, Pevensey, North Foreland, Dover and Folkestone.
Notable actions
Boy Seaman First Class Jack Cornwell was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for heroism in serving their gun on HMS Chester during the Battle of Jutland on 31 May 1916.
Surviving examples
The gun served by Jack Cornwell VC is preserved in the Imperial War Museum in London.
Fort Bedford, Cross Hill, Ascension Island has two guns from
Fort Skansin, Tórshavn, Streymoy Island, Faroe Islands, has two guns (No. 35 and 42) from
See also
List of naval guns
Weapons of comparable role, performance and era
Canon de 138 mm Modèle 1910 Naval gun : French equivalent
14 cm/50 3rd Year Type naval gun : Japanese equivalent
Notes
References
Tony DiGiulian, British 5.5"/50 (14 cm) BL Mark I
Bibliography
External links
Naval guns of the United Kingdom
World War I naval weapons of the United Kingdom
World War II naval weapons of the United Kingdom
Coventry Ordnance Works
140 mm artillery
Coastal artillery
The 2007 KBS Drama Awards () is a ceremony honoring the outstanding achievement in television on the Korean Broadcasting System (KBS) network for the year of 2007. It was held on December 31, 2007 and hosted by Tak Jae-hoon and Lee Da-hae.
Nominations and winners
References
External links
http://www.kbs.co.kr/drama/2007award/redcarpet/2007index.html
KBS Drama Awards
KBS Drama Awards
KBS Drama Awards
KBS Drama Awards
Dave Bradley (February 13, 1947 — October 1, 2010) was an American football guard in the National Football League.
Biography
Bradley was born David Earl Bradley on February 13, 1947, in Burnham, Pennsylvania. They died on October 1, 2010.
Career
They played at college level at Pennsylvania State University, where they played both guard and tackle. They were chosen as a tackle for the North squad for the 1969 Senior Bowl post-season game. The Nittany Anthology website named Bradley to its All-Penn State 1960s decade team as a guard.
Bradley was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the second round of the 1969 NFL Draft and played their first three seasons with the team. During their final season in the NFL, they were a member of the St. Louis Cardinals. They also played for the Chicago Fire of the World Football League in 1974. They wore number 61 for the Packers, 55 for the Cardinals and 64 for the Fire.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
People from Mifflin County, Pennsylvania
Green Bay Packers players
St. Louis Cardinals (football) players
American football offensive guards
Penn State Nittany Lions football players
1947 births
2010 deaths
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
Bays is a settlement in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States on the border of Braxton and Webster Counties. It is at the intersection of Mill Creek Road and Old Turnpike Road. Its post office has been closed.
References
Unincorporated communities in Nicholas County, West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Alice Ann Cornwell (1 January 1852 – 7 January 1932) was a British goldmining industrialist and newspaper proprietor. They made their fortune from gold and floated their company on the London Stock Exchange. They were a confident business person investing in several companies including owning the Sunday Times
Life
Cornwell was born in West Ham in 1852 to Jemima and George Cornwell. They and their family emigrated to New Zealand when they were nine. Them father was an engineer.
Them first marriage was with the much older John Whiteman. They were a politician and publican. This marriage resulted in a legal separation before they left for England, but it was not ended until Whiteman died.
Them fortune was made when they returned from England after education at the Royal Academy of Music to Australia. Them father was a successful engineer who was then prospecting but they were not making a profit. Cornwell studied their ground and convinced others that a major find lay beneath their land. Shafts were created where they had indicated and gold was reputedly found within 30 centimetres of where they had said it would be.
In 1886 they returned to London as a reputed millionaire, although this may have been an exaggeration. Despite not being able to enter London's club's because of their gender they floated the "Midas Mine" on the London Stock Exchange. Moreover they also created the British and Australian Mining Trust and Investment Company. The purpose of this company was to allow people to invest money directly in Australian mines.
Cornwell bought the Sunday Times in 1887 from Colonel George FitzGeorge, an illegitimate member of the Royal Family. Them purpose was to promote their new company and it was a gift to their lover Frederick Stannard (‘Phil') Robinson. In 1888 their friend Fergus Hume wrote a novel, "Madame Midas" about a "Mrs Villiers" which was obviously based on Cornwell.
Cornwell sold the "Sunday Times" in 1893 to Frederick Beer, who already owned Observer. Beer appointed their wife, Rachel Sassoon Beer, as editor.
Cornwell's estranged first husband died in 1893 and they married Robinson in 1894.
Cornwell died in 1932 in Hove.
References
1852 births
1932 deaths
People from West Ham
English industrialists
New Zealand business executives
People from Victoria (Australia)
Wincents Lassen Sebbelow (10 December 1770 – 19 April 1841) was a Danish born, Norwegian lawyer, merchant and politician.
Biography
Sebbelow was born at Tranekær in Langeland, Denmark. They were the son of Jørgen Sebbelov (1731–91) and Catharina Maria Lassen (1742–83). They had a short military career in Denmark and in 1793, took the Danish legal examination. They came to Norway in 1796 and by 1800 they were in Kristiansand where they settled as a merchant.
During the Gunboat War, Great Britain conducted an economic war engaging its naval forces to prevent trade flowing within, into and out of the Danish-Norwegian waters. For Norway, participation in the war led to a severe economic downturn. In 1810, Sebbelow obtained the title of General War Commissioner (Overkrigskommissær) and functioned as a privateer.
After the war, Sebbelow was elected to Norwegian Parliament in 1818. Sebbelow was re-elected to Parliament in 1821 and 1822. After serving at the second Extraordinary Parliamentary in 1822, they moved to Larvik where they were appointed military commissioner for Vestre Sønnafjelske and where they lived until their death.
Sebbelows Stiftelse
Sebbelow was married to Justine Margrethe Arctander (1763–1826). They had a son, Christian August Sebbelow (1805–86) who inherited a significant fortune and excelled as a business person, lawyer and public procurator. Christian Sebbelow died without direct heirs and was the founder of Sebbelows Stiftelse which was organized in Christiania (now Oslo) during 1867. The institution provided care for pregnant, unmarried women and provided temporary housing for mother and child after birth. Additionally it assisted the mother in establishing stable employment and residence. The institution is still in operation to the current time.
References
Related reading
Inger-Lise Stjernholm Fehn (2003) Kom ikke til meg med en lausunge" : om ugifte mødre som søkte tilflukt på mødrehjemmet Sebbelows Stiftelse i perioden 1892 til 1946 (Oslo: Fehn)
External links
Sebbelows Stiftelse website
1770 births
1841 deaths
Norwegian merchants
Members of the Storting
People from Langeland Municipality
19th-century Norwegian businesspeople
Lake Thomas is a meltwater lake that is circumscribed on the northwest and northeast sides by Robertson Ridge and Clark Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Robert H. Thomas who participated in United States Antarctic Research Program studies of the surface glaciology of the Ross Ice Shelf in the 1973–74 and 1974–75 seasons.
References
Lakes of Antarctica
Scott Coast
Farzan Athari (Persian: فرزان اطهری; born ) is a Swedish Iranian, TV host, model and actor. They have worked in the fashion and entertainment industry in 23 different countries and collaborated with over 100 brands, they have also had leading roles in movies and hosted television shows.
Life and career
Athari was born in Tehran, Iran. They reside in Sweden and has also lived in the United Arab Emirates. They have modeled for several well-known brands, including Diesel, Nivea, Nokia and Coca-Cola, as well as for publications such as GQ and Men's Health. In 2006 they became the first International model to sign a modeling contract in Iran.
They starred on a 2013 music video by Haifa Wehbe, a well-known Lebanese singer and actor, which has been viewed over 20 million times on YouTube. In 2016, Farzan Athari got into music themselves just for fun and released their first single in Persian entitled Del Dele Irooniye on Spotify and Radio Javan.
In 2017, Athari was in a TV commercial for Betsson together with Måns Zelmerlöw. In 2019, they had the role as Florian in the famous Swedish TV series My Perfect Family.
They co-hosted the first season of Persia's Got Talent, an Iranian franchise of the British television show Got Talent, produced in Sweden in 2020/2021.
This year they were the host of The Fire Festival with over 35 million TV viewers arranged by the Sweden's National Touring Theatre at Skansen in Stockholm. The program was also broadcast live on YouTube and was shown several times on MBC. On live TV, they performed the song Together As One live on stage with the artist Jasmine Kara. The song that was originally intended for the Melodifestivalen was also released on Spotify as Farzan Athari's first English / Persian song.
Controversy
In May 2013, Athari was arrested outside of the entrance of their apartment in the world's tallest building Burj Khalifa in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Athari was charged with drug possession with the intention to promote and got a life sentence in court. They almost got death penalty when two out three voted for death sentence. But after they created an online petiton where 65 000 people signed for justice in their case, their sentence got reduced to 10 years in appeal court. After an unchanged ruling for their sentence in supreme court, they came up with the idea to create a rap song, in which they ask Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who is the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and ruler of the Emirate of Dubai for a pardon. They got a special pardon because of the rap-song after being in jail for almost 3 years. This has never happened before.
References
External links
Swedish male models
Iranian male models
Swedish people of Iranian descent
Male actors from Tehran
Living people
1984 births
The WJ & JE Cearns Invitation is a greyhound racing competition held annually at Central Park Stadium. It was inaugurated at (Wimbledon) in 1951 as the W.J.Cearns Memorial Trophy following the death of W.J (Bill) Cearns in 1950.
W.J.Cearns was the founder of Wimbledon Stadium and chairperson of West Ham United F.C. The event was held in their honour until 2006 when their grandson Roger Cearns (owner of Central Park) brought the competition to Sittingbourne. It was renamed the WJ & JE Cairns Invitation with the JE part being named after their father John who was also instrumental in the history of Wimbledon.
Past winners
Venues and distances
1951-1974 (Wimbledon, 500 yards)
1975-2005 (Wimbledon, 660 metres)
2015-2016 (not held)
2006–present (Sittingbourne/Central Park, 500m)
References
Greyhound racing competitions in the United Kingdom
Recurring sporting events established in 1951
Sport in Sittingbourne
Greyhound racing in London
Untamed Youth is a 1957 American teen film directed by Howard W. Koch, written by John C. Higgins and Stephen Longstreet, and starring Mamie Van Doren and Lori Nelson as two starstruck sisters who are sentenced to farm labor.
Plot
Sisters Penny and Jane Lowe are arrested for hitchhiking and skinny-dipping and are sentenced to work on a rural Texas farm for a corrupt agricultural magnate named Russ Tropp. The judge, who sentenced the sisters to the farm, is dating Tropp and is unaware of the treatment of the prisoners; their son is hired to work at the farm and uncovers that a scam had been going on. Through dating the judge, Tropp ensures that all delinquents and rule breakers are ordered to work off their sentence at their farm, therefore giving them a stable amount of cheap labor and allowing them to undercut all competition they face. The judge's son falls in love with Jane, while Penny, who performs four songs in the film, dreams of making it big in show business. One of the girls, named Baby, at one point falls ill, leaving the judge's son to hijack one of Tropp's cars to rush them to a hospital for treatment. Baby dies from internal hemorrhaging caused by a miscarriage.
Cast
Mamie Van Doren as Penny Lowe
Lori Nelson as Jane Lowe
John Russell as Russ Tropp
Don Burnett as Bob Steele
Glenn Dixon as Jack Landis
Lurene Tuttle as Judge Cecilia Steele Tropp
Eddie Cochran as Bong
Yvonne Fedderson as Baby
Jeanne Carmen as Lillibet
Robert Foulk as Sheriff Mitch Bowers
Wayne Taylor as Duke
Jered Barclay as Ralph
Valerie Reynolds as Arkie
Lucita as Margaritia
Matt Malinowski as Hair
Reception
According to a reviewer for the New York Times who saw the movie's premiere in 1957, Untamed Youth sought to "portray sisters who run afoul of the law and are sent to a prison farm populated almost entirely by rock 'n' roll addicts...Call it a fate almost worse than death." Decades later, the film was featured on an early episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, and an updated livestream version in 2021 during Joel Hodgson's Make More MST3K campaign on Kickstarter featuring 4 generations of Tom Servo performers.
References
External links
Mystery Science Theater 3000
Episode guide: 112- Untamed Youth
1957 films
1950s musical drama films
American black-and-white films
American musical drama films
1950s exploitation films
Films directed by Howard W. Koch
Films set in Texas
Films shot in California
1950s prison films
Films scored by Les Baxter
1957 drama films
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Macrocheilus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Macrocheilus allardi Basilewsky, 1957
Macrocheilus alluaudi Burgeon, 1937
Macrocheilus angustatus Basilewsky, 1949
Macrocheilus asteriscus (White, 1844)
Macrocheilus basilewskyi A. Serrano, 2000
Macrocheilus bensoni Hope, 1838
Macrocheilus bicolor Andrewes, 1920
Macrocheilus biguttatus Gory, 1832
Macrocheilus bimaculatus (Dejean, 1831)
Macrocheilus binotatus Andrewes, 1931
Macrocheilus biplagiatus (Boheman, 1848)
Macrocheilus burgeoni Basilewsky, 1967
Macrocheilus chaudoiri Andrewes, 1919
Macrocheilus clasispilus Basilewsky, 1967
Macrocheilus crampeli Alluaud, 1916
Macrocheilus cribrarius Fairmaire, 1901
Macrocheilus cruciatus (Marc, 1840)
Macrocheilus diplospilus Basilewsky, 1967
Macrocheilus dorsalis Klug, 1834
Macrocheilus dorsiger (Chaudoir, 1876)
Macrocheilus elegantulus Burgeon, 1937
Macrocheilus ferruginipes Fairmaire, 1892
Macrocheilus fuscipennis Zhao & Tian, 2010
Macrocheilus gigas Zhao & Tian, 2010
Macrocheilus hybridus Peringuey, 1896
Macrocheilus immanis Andrewes, 1920
Macrocheilus impictus (Wiedemann, 1823)
Macrocheilus labrosus (Dejean, 1831)
Macrocheilus lindemannae Jedlicka, 1963
Macrocheilus longicollis Peringuey, 1904
Macrocheilus macromaculatus Louwerens, 1949
Macrocheilus madagascariensis Basilewsky, 1953
Macrocheilus moraisi A. Serrano, 2000
Macrocheilus niger Andrewes, 1920
Macrocheilus nigrotibialis Heller, 1900
Macrocheilus ocellatus Basilewsky, 1953
Macrocheilus overlaeti Burgeon, 1937
Macrocheilus parvimaculatus Zhao & Tian, 2010
Macrocheilus perrieri Fairmaire, 1899
Macrocheilus persimilis Basilewsky, 1970
Macrocheilus proximus Peringuey, 1896
Macrocheilus quadratus Zhao & Tian, 2010
Macrocheilus quadrinotatus Burgeon, 1937
Macrocheilus saulcyi Chevrolat, 1854
Macrocheilus scapularis Reiche, 1843
Macrocheilus sinuatilabris Zhao & Tian, 2010
Macrocheilus solidipalpis Zhao & Tian, 2010
Macrocheilus spectandus Peringuey, 1904
Macrocheilus taedatus Basilewsky, 1960
Macrocheilus tripustulatus (Dejean, 1825)
Macrocheilus vanharteni Felix & Muilwijk, 2007
Macrocheilus varians Peringuey, 1904
Macrocheilus viduatus Peringuey, 1899
Macrocheilus vinctus Basilewsky, 1960
Macrocheilus vitalisi Andrewes, 1920
References
External links
iNaturalist World Checklist
Anthiinae (beetle)
The National Weather Service Buffalo, New York is a local office of the National Weather Service responsible for monitoring weather conditions in Western New York and other portions of upstate, downwind from Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. It is based on the premises of Buffalo Niagara International Airport in Cheektowaga. The territory covers the cities of Buffalo, Rochester, Geneva, Fulton, and Watertown. Much of the office's work focuses on lake-effect snow.
Jurisdictions served
Counties
Allegany
Cattaraugus
Cayuga
Chautauqua
Erie
Genesee
Jefferson
Lewis
Livingston
Monroe
Niagara
Chautauqua
Orleans
Oswego
Seneca
St. Lawrence
Wayne
Wyoming
Yates
Cities
Buffalo
Rochester
Geneva
Fulton
Watertown
Niagara Falls
NOAA Weather Radio
The National Weather Service Buffalo, New York forecast office provides programming for seven NOAA Weather Radio stations in New York.
References
External links
NWS Buffalo's website
Buffalo, New York
Organizations based in Buffalo, New York
Anne McKnight (24 July 1924 - 29 August 2012) was an operatic soprano.
Life and career
A native of Aurora, Illinois, they were a 1943 graduate of Shimer College. McKnight made their official debut in 1946, as Musetta in the NBC Symphony's Concert Version of La bohème, with Licia Albanese and Jan Peerce, conducted by Arturo Toscanini. Two years later, they sang in Beethoven's Ninth Symphony under the Maestro.
McKnight opened the 1952 Fall Season of the New York City Opera, in the title role of Tosca, followed by the name part in Aïda, both conducted by Tullio Serafin. In 1953, the soprano sang there again in Tosca (now led by Julius Rudel), Don Giovanni (as Donna Elvira, opposite Walter Cassel), Aïda again, Der Rosenkavalier (as the Marschallin), and Le nozze di Figaro (as the Contessa).
They then began a career in Italy, under the name Anna de Cavalieri, appearing at the Teatro di San Carlo (as Busoni's Turandot and Gluck's Alceste, and as Asteria in Boito's Nerone), Teatro alla Scala (Alfano's Cyrano de Bergerac, and as Elena in Mefistofele), Rome Opera, Caracalla (Loreley), Arena di Verona (Aïda), and Teatro Regio (Parma).
In 1960, the soprano returned to the City Opera, as Anne McKnight, for the "professional" American premiere of Dallapiccola's Il prigioniero, opposite Norman Treigle and Richard Cassilly, conducted by Leopold Stokowski. Later that season, they sang again the Marschallin with the company.
They continued their international career at Rio de Janeiro (Puccini's Turandot and Tosca), Piacenza, Rovigo, Brussels, Cremona (Fedora), Toulouse (Norma), and, in 1968, Padua (Tosca).
McKnight died on August 29, 2012, at the age of eighty-eight, at their home in Lugano, Switzerland.
Commercial discography
Puccini: La bohème (Albanese, Peerce, Valentino, Cehanovsky, Moscona; Toscanini, 1946) [live] RCA
Dallapiccola: Il prigioniero (Cassilly, Treigle; Stokowski, 1960) [live] Opera Depot
Commercial videography
Beethoven: Symphony No. 9 (Hobson, Dillon, Scott; Toscanini, 1948) [live] RCA
References
The New York City Opera: An American Adventure, by Martin L. Sokol (Annals by George Louis Mayer), Macmillan Publishing Co, Inc, 1981.
Arturo Toscanini: The NBC Years, by Mortimer H. Frank, Amadeus Press, 2002.
Bach Cantatas web-site.
External links
Anne McKnight in the Finale of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony (1948) .
1924 births
2012 deaths
American operatic sopranos
People from Aurora, Illinois
Singers from Illinois
Shimer College alumni
Classical musicians from Illinois
21st-century American women
Jimmy Takter (born September 29, 1960, in Norrköping, Sweden) is a harness racing horse trainer based in East Windsor, New Jersey, who came to the U.S. in 1982. They were inducted into the U.S. Harness Racing Hall of Fame in 2012.
Background
Takter is the son of Swedish trainer Bo William Takter. They were originally a driver, earning their first win at Jagersro racetrack in Malmo, Sweden at age 18. They moved to the United States in 1978 to work for Continental Farms Stable, then returned to Sweden where they married Christina, their childhood sweetheart. The two permanently moved to the United States in December 1982 and have four children, Nancy, Jenny, Tiffany and Jimmy, Jr. Takter became a U.S. citizen in 2000. Christina handles their books and stable business.
Racing career
Takter won their first race in North America as a driver with Baltic Speed in 1983. They earned their first win as a trainer with Witsend's Apollo in 1984, whose 30 wins were critical to Takter's early success. "He was a very important horse," said Takter. "He came along at the right time and they supported our family for a couple of years and they meant a lot to my wife and me. A horse like that gave me the ability to develop as a trainer."
By the early 1990s, Takter was considered one of the leading trainers on the Grand Circuit. In 1996 they earned their first Trainer of the Year Award thanks to 2-year-old trotting champions Armbro Prowess and Malabar Man. In 1997, Malabar Man went on to win the Hambletonian, All-American and Breeders Crown and was named the Harness Horse of the Year.
From 1997 through 2000, Takter raced Moni Maker at tracks around the United States and abroad, winning such races as the Breeders' Crown, Elitloppet and Prix d'Amerique. Moni Maker was a three-time trotter of the year and retired as the highest earning Standardbred of all-time.
As of December 2016, horses trained by Takter had accumulated $120 million in earnings and more than 1,700 wins. They own a 100-acre training facility in New Jersey that contains a -mile track, a -mile straight track, and a 2-mile jogging track.
In October 2015, Takter had a career highlight, earning $2,691,439 in the 2015 Breeders Crown Finals.
During their career, Takter has won the Dan Patch Trainer of the Year Award six times, the most of any trainer. In 2019, they were inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
References
1960 births
Living people
American horse trainers
Dan Patch Award winners
United States Harness Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Harness racing in the United States
People from East Windsor, New Jersey
Swedish emigrants to the United States
Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductees
West Jersey and East Jersey were two distinct parts of the Province of New Jersey. The political division existed for 28 years, between 1674 and 1702. Determination of an exact location for a border between West Jersey and East Jersey was often a matter of dispute.
Background
The Delaware Valley had been inhabited by the Lenape (or Delaware) Indians prior to European exploration and settlement starting around 1609, undertaken by the Dutch, Swedish and English. The Dutch West India Company had established one or two Delaware River settlements, but by the late 1620s, it had moved most of its inhabitants to the island of Manhattan. This became the center of New Netherland. West Jersey and East Jersey were two sections of New Jersey.
The development of the colony of New Sweden in the lower Delaware Valley began in 1638. Most of the Swedish population was on the west side of the Delaware. After the English re-established New Netherland's Fort Nassau to challenge the Swedes, the latter constructed Fort Nya Elfsborg in present-day Salem County. Fort Nya Elfsborg was located between present day Salem and Alloway Creek. The New Sweden colony established two primary settlements in New Jersey: Sveaborg, now Swedesboro, and Nya Stockholm, now Bridgeport. Trinity Church, located in Swedesboro, was the site of the Church of Sweden for the area.
The Dutch defeated New Sweden in 1655. Settlement of the West Jersey area by Europeans was thin until the English conquest in 1664. Beginning in the late 1670s, Quakers settled in great numbers in this area, first in present-day Salem County and then in Burlington. The latter became the capital of West Jersey.
Before 1674, land surveyors for New Jersey considered it as a hundred and partitioned it into tenths. West Jersey comprised five of the tenths. But demarcation of the boundaries awaited settlement, the quit-rents the settlers would pay, and the land surveying which the money would purchase. Thus it took years and multiple surveys to settle boundary disputes. Burlington County was formed on May 17, 1694 by combining the first and second tenths. At least three surveys were conducted of West Jersey. Richard Tindall was surveyor-general of Fenwick's Colony, the fifth tenth.
Constitution
See: History of the New Jersey State Constitution#West Jersey Constitution
See also
Colonial history of New Jersey
Concession and Agreement
Lords Proprietor (1665–1703)
List of colonial governors of New Jersey#Governors under the Proprietors (1665–1674)
Newton Colony
Province of New York
Dominion of New England
West Jersey and Seashore Railroad
References
Further reading
Weslager, C. A. Dutch Explorers, Traders, and Settlers in the Delaware Valley, 1609–1644. (Philadelphia, University of Pennsylvania Press, 1961).
Johnson, Amandus The Swedish Settlements on the Delaware Volume I: Their History and Relation to the Indians, Dutch and English, 1638–1664 (Philadelphia: Swedish Colonial Society. 1911)
External links
West Jersey History Project
Quaker West New Jersey: Democracy in 1677
1677 Charter
1681 Regulations
Where was the West Jersey/East Jersey line?
Colonial Charters, Grants and Related Documents (at "New Jersey").
Pre-statehood history of New Jersey
History of the Thirteen Colonies
Dominion of New England
Former regions and territories of the United States
States and territories established in 1674
Colonial United States (British)
1674 establishments in New Jersey
Former English colonies
Catholic Education, an Irish Schools Trust (CEIST) is the trustee body for 107 Catholic Voluntary Secondary Schools in Ireland.
History
In Ireland, the majority of secondary schools were established and were controlled by a number of Roman Catholic religious congregations. By the late 20th century, these congregations were in serious decline and they decided to merge their resources in a number of collective school management groupings known as trusts.
The CEIST was established in 2007 to carry on the education work of five religious congregations:
Daughters of Charity
Presentation Sisters
Sisters of the Christian Retreat
Sisters of Mercy
Missionaries of the Sacred Heart.
Organisation
CEIST CLG was incorporated in May 2007. The religious congregations appointed 16 CEIST members - 11 religious and five lay. The board of directors has 12 members - three religious and nine lay.
Day-to-day management remains the responsibility of each school's management, in accord with the Education Act 1998. The schools are supported by the trustees from the central office.
It currently oversees approximately 58,000 students and 4,000 teachers and administrative staff. Currently, one in six-second level students in Ireland attends a CEIST secondary school.
Schools
Assessment
A recent review of its development over the past ten years identified certain strengths and weaknesses. There continues to be debate about state-sponsored denominational education in Ireland.
See also
Denominational education in the Republic of Ireland
References
Educational organisations based in the Republic of Ireland
Budharaopet is a village in Khanapur Mandal of Warangal district in Telangana, India. The population was 4,827 at the 2001 Indian census.
Geography
Budharaopet is located at .
The village is 8 km from Narsampet on the way to Mahabubabad. The village is surrounded by three water tanks (cheruvulu) and the Sangem canal of Pakhal lake runs on the border of village which makes the fields green.
Demographics
At the 2001 Indian census, Budharaopet had a population of 4,827 persons in 1,127 households. The population consisted of 2,423 males and 2,404 females.
The languages spoken are Telugu and Urdu and English.
Economy
The major industry of the people is farming. Rice is the major crop grown there. There are also three rice mills.
Government
The village is governed by a village panchayat
present sarpanch " Kasa Praveen Kumar Yadav "
Environment
In some areas of the village, the fluoride content in the water is more than usual.
References
Villages in Warangal district
Kenny Begins is a 2009 Swedish comedy science fiction film directed by Carl Åstrand and Mats Lindberg. Johan Rheborg stars as Kenny Starfighter, an aspiring galaxy hero who crash lands on Earth. The film is made as a stand-alone prequel to the 1997 television series Kenny Starfighter. It holds the record for most special effects in a Swedish film, displacing the previous recordholder, Frostbite.
Plot
Kenny Starfighter (Johan Rheborg) is probably the most hopeless student that the Hero academics of the galaxy has ever had. Their parents Benny (Per Mårtenson) and Jenny (Sissela Kyle) are tired of paying for their studies and give them an ultimatum: graduate or become a hairdresser at the family salon.
In a despondent hunt for graduation points, they crash-lands on Earth by mistake. They meet Pontus (Bill Skarsgård), a limping and bullied 15-year-old with bad eyesight. Pontus has accidentally found a mysterious and luminary power crystal that has given them superpower and the chance to be noticed by the coolest girl in school, Miranda (Carla Abrahamsen).
While Pontus tries to help Kenny escape from becoming a hairdresser, Rutger Oversmart (Jan Mybrand), the most intelligent man in the universe, finds out that the power of the crystal has been absorbed by Pontus. All they just needs to squeeze the power out of Pontus, and then they will become the most powerful man in the universe. When they find out that a hero from the galaxy is protecting Pontus, they send one of the most dangerous bounty hunters, Earth, Wind and Fire, to go get him.
Cast
Johan Rheborg as Kenny Starfighter
Bill Skarsgård as Pontus
Carla Abrahamsen as Miranda
Jan Mybrand as Rutger Oversmart
Brasse Brännström as General Sudoko
Björn Gustafsson as Lenny Starfighter
Cecilia Frode as Thug 1
Per Svensson as Thug 2
Josephine Bornebusch as Thug 3
Pernilla August as Headmaster
Sissela Kyle as Jenny Starfighter
Johan Glans as Captain Kaos
Per Ragnar as Emperor Zing
Rosie Anderberg as Earth
Yan Kai Yu as Wind
Hayes Jemide as Fire
Gallery
See also
Kenny Starfighter
List of comedy science fiction films
External links
2009 films
Swedish science fiction comedy films
2000s Swedish-language films
2000s science fiction comedy films
2000s superhero comedy films
2009 comedy films
2000s Swedish films
Wilbarger may refer to:
Wilbarger County, Texas
Josiah P. Wilbarger (1801–1845), early Texan settler
Dmitriy Furmanov class is a class of Russian river passenger ships, project 302, 302M, 302MK / German name BiFa129M.
The class is named after the first ship in the class Dmitriy Furmanov, which in their turn was named after Dmitry Furmanov.
Four-deck cruise ships manufactured in Boizenburg, Germany, 1983–1992.
River cruise ships of the German project 302, 302M, 302MK / BiFa129M
Overview
See also
List of river cruise ships
Valerian Kuybyshev-class motorship
Rossiya-class motorship (1952)
Rossiya-class motorship (1973)
Anton Chekhov-class motorship
Vladimir Ilyich-class motorship
Rodina-class motorship
Baykal-class motorship
Sergey Yesenin-class motorship
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya-class motorship
Yerofey Khabarov-class motorship
Dunay-class motorship
Volga-class motorship
References
River cruise ships
Ships of Russia
Passenger ships of the Soviet Union
East Germany–Soviet Union relations
Ships built in East Germany
Dennis James Coffey (born November 11, 1940) is an American guitarist. They were a studio musician for many soul and R&B recordings, and is well known for their 1971 Top 10 hit single "Scorpio".
Biography
Coffey learned to play guitar at the age of thirteen, in the Michigan Upper Peninsula town of Copper City. In 1955, as a fifteen-year-old sophomore at Detroit's Mackenzie High School, Dennis played their first record session - backing Vic Gallon in "I'm Gone", on the Gondola record label. In the early 1960s they joined The Royaltones who had had hits with "Poor Boy" in 1958 and "Flamingo Express" in 1961. The Royaltones played sessions with other artists including Del Shannon.
By the late 1960s as a member of the Funk Brothers studio band, Coffey played on dozens of recordings for Motown Records, and introduced a hard rock guitar sound to Motown record producer Norman Whitfield's recordings, including distortion, Echoplex tape-loop delay, and wah-wah: most notably heard on "Cloud Nine", "Ball of Confusion (That's What the World Is Today)", and "Psychedelic Shack" by The Temptations. They played on numerous other hit records of the era: Edwin Starr's "War", Diana Ross & The Supremes' "Someday We'll Be Together", and Freda Payne's "Band of Gold".
In 1971, Coffey recorded "Scorpio" which was a million selling instrumental single that peaked in the US at number nine on the Billboard Hot Soul Singles chart and at number six on the Billboard Hot 100. The instrumental track featured the former Motown "funk brother", Bob Babbitt on bass. On January 8, 1972 Coffey became the first white artist to perform on the television show Soul Train, playing "Scorpio". "Scorpio" received a gold disc awarded by the Recording Industry Association of America on December 9, 1971.
The follow-up in 1972 was "Taurus", both credited to Coffey and the Detroit Guitar Band. Since then, they have recorded several solo albums, most of them for the Sussex and Westbound labels. While at Sussex Records Coffey arranged and produced along with Mike Theodore the million selling "Nice To Be With You" by the group Gallery. In addition, Coffey scored the blaxploitation film, Black Belt Jones (1974).
Coffey was interviewed in the 2002 film, Standing in the Shadows of Motown, which told the story of Funk Brothers and explained that they had sold their Fender Stratocaster to buy a Gibson Firebird after they heard Eddie Willis of Funk Brothers play it during a Motown session.
In 2004, they published a memoir, Guitars, Bars and Motown Superstars.
In 2008, they co-produced the Carl Dixon sessions at Studio A, Dearborn Heights, Michigan. Four tracks were recorded featuring some of the Funk Brothers including Uriel Jones, Bob Babbitt, Coffey and Ray Monette, plus other distinguished Detroit session musicians. Spyder Turner, Pree and Gayle Butts were vocalists on the session. The session was arranged by David J. Van De Pitte.
On April 26, 2011 (April 25 outside the US) Coffey released their self-titled album, consisting of new songs and new versions of songs which originally featured Coffey's distinctive guitar work. Promotion for the album included an international tour, kicking off with several appearances at SXSW. Singer-songwriter Kendra Morris accompanied them on tour, performing backing vocals.
Dennis was a constant performer in their hometown Detroit. They performed at the Detroit Jazz Concert, the Concert of Colors
promoted by Don Was and recorded on the Blue Note label. Their performances at the Legendary Morey Baker's Keyboard Lounge and other venues included notables; Steve Adams, Drew Schultz, Danny Tyrell and others.
In 2012, Coffey was interviewed on the PBS program History Detectives, about the authenticity of an old Ampeg B-15 amplifier with the stenciled name of fellow Funk Brothers member bassist James Jamerson.
Along with Mike Theodore, Coffey discovered the folk-rock singer-songwriter Sixto Rodriguez, who is the subject of the 2012 Oscar-winning film Searching for Sugar Man in which Coffey appears. Coffey played lead guitar on Rodriguez's first album Cold Fact (1970).
Dennis Coffey was inducted into the Michigan Rock and Roll Legends Hall of Fame as a member of the Funk Brothers in 2010 and as a solo artist in 2018.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Notable publications
Guitars, Bars, and Motown Superstars (University of Michigan Press, 2004)
References
Further reading
Dennis Coffey in-depth interview by Pete Lewis, 'Blues & Soul' May 2011
External links
Coffey official website
Carl Dixon/Bandtraxs web site
American funk guitarists
American soul guitarists
American male guitarists
American session musicians
1940 births
Living people
The Funk Brothers members
Guitarists from Detroit
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Mackenzie High School (Michigan) alumni
John William King (born 9 August 1932) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Cardiff City, Crewe Alexandra and Stoke City.
King began their career with their local side Crewe Alexandra in 1950. They formed a good partnership with Frank Blunstone and the pair were highly wanted by other clubs. King joined Stoke City for £8,000 and soon began to show their worth. They spent eight seasons at the Victoria Ground making 311 appearances scoring 113 goals to become one of the club's greatest goalscorers. They later played for Cardiff City and made a return to their home town team, Crewe Alexandra.
Career
King was regarded as a natural goalscorer and despite their rather 'chunky' build was a fast runner. They started their career at their local side Crewe Alexandra, where they partnered Frank Blunstone who was later capped by England. When Blunstone left for Chelsea King decided to join Stoke City who were at the time in the Second Division. They immediately began to score goals and quickly became a firm fan favourite. They were a regular goalscorer season after season at Stoke and became one a few Stoke players to have score over one hundred League goals.
A natural left footer, King was a very skilful player and at they were not the typical forward of the 1950s but there was no question about their ability to lead the forward line. A regular scorer, they topped the scorer charts at Stoke in three seasons amassing 113 goals for the club in all competitions placing them as Stoke's fifth all-time top goalscorer.
They later joined Cardiff City and returned to Crewe Alexandra where they helped win promotion in 1963. After retirement from football King went on play tennis and almost qualified for the Wimbledon Championships in 1970.
Career statistics
Source:
References
External links
Johnny King Audio interview at BBC.co.uk
English footballers
Stoke City F.C. players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
English Football League players
1932 births
Living people
Association football forwards
The Receptionist () is a 2016 drama film directed by London-based Taiwanese director Jenny Lu, starring Teresa Daley and Chen Shiang-chyi. Inspired by a true story, the film follows the lives of Asian migrant women who had arrived in London in hopes of a better life but end up taking jobs in an illegal massage parlor to survive. The film premiered at the Golden Horse Film Festival on 20 November 2016.
Premise
Tina is a Taiwanese graduate living in London with their British student architect boyfriend. Struggling to find work during the financial crisis of 2007–2008, Tina takes a job as a receptionist at an illegal massage parlour. As they slowly get to know the women who work there, they are forced to question their values and morals.
Cast
Teresa Daley as Tina
Chen Shiang-chyi as Sasa
Amanda Fan as Mei
Josh Whitehouse as Frank
Sophie Gopsill as Lily
Teng Shuang as Anna
Production
The film received funding from Taiwan's Bureau of Audiovisual and Music Industry Development, as well as through a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter.
Release
The film has been an official selection at the Edinburgh International Film Festival, the Raindance Film Festival, the Taipei Golden Horse Film Festival the Durban International Film Festival, the Milan and Salento Film Festivals and the 40th Asian American International Film Festival in New York City.
Soundtrack
Promotional song
Reception
Critical response
The Receptionist (Jie Xian Yuan) has received an 88% rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes.
Peter Bradshaw of the Guardian lauded it as "a valuable, intelligent debut." Elizabeth Kerr in The Hollywood Reporter gave it more mixed reviews.
Accolades
References
External links
The Receptionist (Jie Xian Yuan) on Rotten Tomatoes
2016 films
Taiwanese-language films
Taiwanese drama films
British drama films
2016 drama films
Films about prostitution in the United Kingdom
Films set in London
Kickstarter-funded films
2016 directorial debut films
2010s English-language films
2010s Mandarin-language films
2010s British films
The Ninth Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (generally known as the ARIA Music Awards or simply The ARIAS) was held on 20 October 1995 at the Sydney Convention & Exhibition Centre. There had been a 18-month gap since the previous award ceremony which was moved to be "closer to the business end of the music industry's year" and so reflect that year's works. Presenters distributed 28 awards from 1060 eligible submissions. Big winners for the year were Silverchair with five awards and Tina Arena with four, including Album of the Year and Song of the Year – both first time they were won by a female.
In addition to previous categories, the former category Best Pop/Dance Release was split into Best Pop Release and Best Dance Release. Another new category Best World Music Album was also presented for the first time. The ARIA Hall of Fame inducted: The Seekers.
Ceremony details
Presenters and performers
The ARIA Awards ceremony was hosted by radio and TV personality Richard Stubbs. Presenters and performers were:
Dubious acceptance speech
Itch-E and Scratch-E won the inaugural award for Best Dance Release. One of the duo, Paul Mac's acceptance speech included:
One of the sponsors of the ceremony was the National Drug Offensive, which withdrew their financial backing. The jargon term, ecstasy, for a psychoactive drug was bleeped for the TV broadcast. In 2005 Mac explained that they did not expect to win and so had no speech prepared.
Awards
Final nominees are shown, in plain, with winners in bold.
ARIA Awards
Album of the Year
Tina Arena – Don't Ask
Christine Anu – Stylin' Up
The Cruel Sea – Three Legged Dog
Silverchair – Frogstomp
You Am I – Hi Fi Way
Single of the Year
Silverchair – "Tomorrow"
Tina Arena – "Chains"
Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth"
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds – "Do You Love Me?"
Max Sharam – "Coma"
Highest Selling Album
The 12th Man – Wired World of Sports II
Tina Arena – Don't Ask
The Badloves – Get On Board
The Cruel Sea – Three Legged Dog
Wendy Matthews – The Witness Tree
Highest Selling Single
Silverchair – "Tomorrow"
Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth"
Chocolate Starfish – "Mountain"
Kulcha – "Shaka Jam"
Kylie Minogue – "Confide in Me"
Best Group
The Cruel Sea – Three Legged Dog
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds – Let Love In
Crowded House – "Private Universe"
Silverchair – Frogstomp
You Am I – Hi Fi Way
Best Female Artist
Tina Arena – Don't Ask
Christine Anu – Stylin' Up
Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth"
Kylie Minogue – Kylie Minogue
Max Sharam – A Million Year Girl
Best Male Artist
Diesel – Solid State Rhyme
Paul Kelly – Wanted Man
Ed Kuepper – Character Assassination
Rick Price – River of Love
Chris Wilson – Live at the Continental
Best New Talent
Silverchair – Frogstomp
Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth"
Magic Dirt – Life Was Better
Max Sharam – A Million Year Girl
The Truth – "My Heavy Friend"
Breakthrough Artist – Album
Silverchair – Frogstomp
Christine Anu – Stylin' Up
D.I.G. – Dig Deeper
Max Sharam – A Million Year Girl
Vika and Linda – Vika and Linda
Breakthrough Artist – Single
Silverchair – "Tomorrow"
Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth"
Directions In Groove – "The Favourite"
Max Sharam – "Coma"
Vika and Linda – "When Will You Fall for Me?"
Best Dance Release
Itch-E and Scratch-E – "Sweetness and Light"
Boxcar – "What Are You So Happy About"
Quench – "Dreams"
Renegade Funktrain – "I Wonder"
The Rockmelons – "Stronger Together"
Single Gun Theory – Flow, River Of My Soul
Best Pop Release
Tina Arena – "Chains"
Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth"
Kulcha – KulchaMental As Anything – Mr Natural
Tlot Tlot – "The Girlfriend Song"
Best Country Album Troy Cassar-Daley – Beyond the DancingSlim Dusty – Natural High
Gina Jeffreys – The Flame
Lee Kernaghan – Country Crowd
Jane Saunders – Strangers to Your Heart
Best Independent Release TISM – Machiavelli and the Four SeasonsDef FX – Ritual Eternal
Ed Kuepper – Character Assassination
Magic Dirt – Life Was Better
Single Gun Theory – Flow, River of My Soul
Best Alternative Release You Am I – Hi Fi WayCustard – Wahooti Fandango
Magic Dirt – Life Was Better
Regurgitator – Regurgitator
Silverchair – Frogstomp
Best Indigenous Release Christine Anu – Stylin' UpKev Carmody – "On the Wire"
Ruby Hunter – Thoughts Within
Tiddas – "Changing Times"
Yothu Yindi & Neil Finn – "Dots on the Shells"
Best Adult Contemporary Album My Friend the Chocolate Cake – BroodThe Black Sorrows – Lucky Charm
Phil Emmanuel & Tommy Emmanuel – Terra Firma
Dave Hole – Steel on Steel
Wendy Matthews – The Witness Tree
Best Comedy Release The 12th Man – Wired World of Sports IIAusten Tayshus – Alive and Schticking
Jimeoin – Crack
Kevin Bloody Wilson – Let Loose Live in London
Scared Weird Little Guys – Scared
Fine Arts Awards
Best Jazz Album Bernie McGann Trio – McGann McGannMark Simmonds Freeboppers – FireThe Allan Browne Quartet – Birdcalls
Australian Art Orchestra – Ringing the Ball Backwards
Bobby Gebert Trio – Sculpture
Best Classical Album Yvonne Kenny, Melbourne Symphony Orchestra, Vladimir Kamirski – Simple GiftsAdelaide Symphony Orchestra, David Porcelijn, János Fürst – Powerhouse Three Poems of Byron – Capriccio Nocturnes Unchained Melody
Duncan Gifford – Debussy Preludes Books I & II
Slava Grigoryan – Spirit of Spain
Graham Pushee, Australian Brandenburg Orchestra, Paul Dyer – Handel: Opera Arias
Best Children's Album The Wiggles – Big Red CarAdelaide Symphony Orchestra – Dream Child
Cinderella A cappella – Cinderella A cappella
Franciscus Henri – I'm Hans Christian Andersen
Play School – Oomba Baroomba
Best Original Soundtrack / Cast / Show Recording Cast Recording – The Pirates of PenzanceMartin Armiger – Fornicon
Guy Gross – The Priscilla Companion Original Score
Various – Heartland
Various – Metal Skin
Various – Once in a Blue Moon
Best World Music Album Yungchen Lhamo – Tibetan PrayerBu Baca Diop – Stand
The Celts – The Rocky Road
Nomad - Nomad
Sirocco – The Wetland Suite
Various – Tribal Heart
Artisan Awards
Song of the Year Tina Arena – "Chains" (Tina Arena)Merril Bainbridge – "Mouth" (Merril Bainbridge)
Daniel Johns/Ben Gillies – "Tomorrow" (Silverchair)
Neil Murray – "Island Home" (Christine Anu)
Max Sharam – "Coma" (Max Sharam)
Producer of the Year Note: User may be required to access archived information by selecting 'The History', then 'By Award', 'Producer of the Year' or 'Engineer of the Year' and 'Option Show Nominations'.Tony Cohen for The Cruel Sea – Three Legged DogDaniel Denholm
David Bridie
Paul McKercher
Phil McKellar
Engineer of the YearTony Cohen, Paul McKercher for The Cruel Sea – Three Legged DogDoug Brady
Cameron Craig
Mark Forrester
Craig Porteils
Doug Roberts
Best Video Keir McFarlane – Kylie Minogue – "Put Yourself in My Place"Robbie Douglas-Turner – You Am I – "Jewels & Bullets"
Bob Ellis – Electric Hippies – "Greedy People"
Paul Elliott – Max Sharam – "Coma"
Tony Mahoney – Dave Graney & the Coral Snakes – "I'm Gonna Release Your Soul"
Best Cover Art Dominic O'Brien – Max Sharam – A Million Year GirlSimon Anderson – Electric Hippies – The Electric Hippies
Simon Anderson – You Am I – Hi Fi Way
The Cruel Sea, Kristyna Higgins, Jim Paton – The Cruel Sea – Three Legged Dog
Reg Mombassa – Mental As Anything – Mr Natural
ARIA Hall of Fame inductee
The Hall of Fame inductee was:The Seekers'''
Notes
References
External links
ARIA Awards official website
List of 1995 winners
1995 music awards
1995 in Australian music
ARIA Music Awards
Al-Aziziyah (), is a district of Al-Hasakah, Syria.
References
Districts of Al-Hasakah
Taj Mahal 1989 is an Indian comedy drama romance web television series directed and written by Pushpendra Nath Misra. The series stars Neeraj Kabi, Geetanjali Kulkarni, Sheeba Chaddha and Danish Husain. It is set in Lucknow in 1989 India and revolves around characters with different takes on love. It was released on Netflix on 14 February 2020.
Plot
Lucknow, 1989. A pre-Internet age, where finding love was difficult, but sustaining it, even more so. Taj Mahal 1989 follows the intersecting lives of a Lucknow University professor couple, their students, a long-lost friend and their lover, and a schoolgirl in love with an older boy. Through the daily struggles and triumphs of the characters, the series explores the different shades of love over the ages as it mutates and matures.
Episodes
Episode 1
Lucknow University professors Sarita and Akhtar, are a married couple often in conflict. Rashmi and Dharam, the University power couple, are best friends with Angad, who doesn't believe in love. Dharam's uncle, Sudhakar, despairs over them and Angad slacking off. Meanwhile, schoolgirl Sunaina is secretly dating Shalin, a young man from Bombay. Their lives begin to intersect as Akhtar runs into Sudhakar and their partner, Mumtaz, at a poetry symposium.
Episode 2
Akhtar brings Sudhakar and Mumtaz home for dinner, which upsets Sarita. Rashmi, meanwhile, is miffed when Angad refuses to help them with the adaptation of a play, Hayavadana. Angad celebrates their birthday party at their friend, Shontu's, farmhouse. They promise to help Shontu woo Mamta, the girl they like, even as Rashmi continues to ignore Angad. Akhtar begrudgingly agrees to watch a film with Sarita, but brings Sudhakar along. The crack in Sarita-Akhtar's marriage begins to deepen.
Episode 3
Sarita meets their friend, Prabha, and contemplates what it would be like to be a divorcée. Wanting power, Dharam joins Babbu Bhaiya, a local goon, who convinces them to contest the university elections from their party. Akhtar learns of Sarita's decision to get divorced. Angry and hurt, they get drunk at Sudhakar's house, where Sudhakar reveals the truth behind their relationship with Mumtaz. Dharam's involvement in politics starts to damage their relationship with Rashmi.
Episode 4
Shontu, with Angad's help, is able to impress Mamta. They nominate them as the presidential candidate from their Communist party for the university elections. When sparks fly between Angad and Mamta after they have a heated debate, Angad is forced to rethink their decision to help Shontu. Mumtaz gets into a public argument, and is humiliated; Sudhakar tries to comfort them Meanwhile, the tension between Akhtar and Sarita reaches a boiling point, resulting in an explosive fight.
Episode 5
Shontu is kidnapped, resulting in panic at the University. Over the days, Mamta steps up as presidential candidate, while Sarita and Akhtar decide to finalize their divorce after returning from a honeymoon in Agra. Seeing Mamta's rise in popularity, Dharam takes their goons along with them to threaten them into backing down. Sudhakar rushes to the hospital to meet an injured Mumtaz, and the two make a decision regarding their future.
Episode 6
Dharam's obsession with power causes their relationships to fall apart, and even angers Babbu Bhaiya. Desperate to regain favour with him, Dharam agrees to help Sunaina run away with Shalin. Rashmi realizes they are in love with Angad and decides to confess. Sarita and Akhtar spend quality time in Agra, but the impending divorce still looms large. Meanwhile, Sudhakar and Mumtaz move to Barabanki to start over, but Mumtaz's past returns to haunt them
Episode 7
The lives of Akhtar and Sarita, Rashmi and Angad, Sunaina and Shalin, Mamta, and Dharam intersect in Agra. The Agra railway station witnesses a brawl, while the police station witnesses a showdown.
Some couples come together, while others are torn apart. Life goes on, and love continues to be a mutating virus.
Cast
The series features the following casts
Neeraj Kabi as Akhtar Baig
Geetanjali Kulkarni as Sarita
Danish Husain as Sudhakar
Sheeba Chaddha as Mumtaz
Anud Singh Dhaka as Angad Trivedi
Anshul Chauhan as Rashmi Malik
Paras Priyadarshan as Dharam Awasthi
Middat Khan as Budhai
Shirin Sewani as Mamta Roy Choudhary
Vasundhara Rajput as Sunaina
Raj Singh as Babbu Bhaiya
Varun Tamta as Jindal
Ravi Kumar as Piyush
Jashn Kohli as Shontu
Yash Bhojwani as Deepu
Mihir Ahuja as Shalin
Oroon Das as Steve
Priyank Srivastav as Sudhir
Kavita Srivastava as Binita
Soundtrack
Release
Taj Mahal 1989 was released on 14 February 2020 on Netflix.
Reception
Karishma Upadhyay of Firstpost wrote in their review "Poetic writing, attention to detail make this Netflix Original rise above its low production value". Rohan Naahar from Hindustan Times praised the web show by writing "Neeraj Kabi and Sheeba Chadha are excellent in this wistful and wise Netflix India original.". Roktim Rajpal wrote a positive review in Deccan Herald and said that Taj Mahal 1989 "is a simple and effective attempt at storytelling that satisfies the target audience.". In The News Minute Saraswati Datar wrote that the show is "an enjoyable must-watch".
References
External links
Indian television series distributed by Netflix
Hindi-language Netflix original programming
2020 Indian television series debuts
Hindi-language web series
Television shows set in Uttar Pradesh
Exit Smiling is a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Sam Taylor and starring New York and London revues star Beatrice Lillie in their first (and only silent) film role and Jack Pickford, the brother of star Mary Pickford. The film was also the debut of actor Franklin Pangborn. This film is available on DVD from the Warner Archives Collection.
Plot
Violet (Beatrice Lillie), the travelling theatre troupe's worst actor, dreams of all they could be if they only had the right opportunities. Jimmy (Jack Pickford) is a runaway bank clerk who joins the troupe as a juvenile lead actor.
Cast
References
External links
(3 minutes)
1926 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Films about actors
Films directed by Sam Taylor
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Silent American comedy films
Films with screenplays by Sam Taylor (director)
1926 comedy films
Surviving American silent films
1920s American films
James Arturo Hinesly (December 11, 1933 - August 31, 2016) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1957. They played college football at Michigan State University.
References
1931 births
2016 deaths
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
Eilera (born Aurélie Potin Suau) is a French musician, songwriter, guitarist and music producer.
 They are known for their idiosyncratic musical and vocal style within the Rock/Metal genre.
Biography
Eilera first started playing music at the age of twelve when they began taking classical guitar lessons. At the age of seventeen they moved on to the electric guitar and began playing metal music. At the age of nineteen they decided to form their own metal band but for some time was unsuccessful at recruiting members they could work with. It wasn't until they met members of the bands Hegemon, and Kalisia in Montpellier that they were able to put a working band together under the name of Suspiria.
Eventually, the name of the band was changed to Chrysalis, followed by the release of Between Strength and Frailty, a demo that was distributed by the French record label Adipocere Records. During this time Eilera and fellow Chrysalis guitarist Loïc Tézénas began working on a side project they called Bliss, which mixed electronic music with metal music. In 2003, Eilera along with Loïc decided to disband Chrysalis for various reasons and began to focus solely on their side project now known as Eilera. That same year the duo self-released Eilera's first album, a full-length demo titled Facettes.
In 2004, Eilera caught the attention of Finnish label Spinefarm Records and a recording contract was signed. In 2005, Eilera along with Loïc worked with record producer Hiili Hiilesmaa, cellist Max Lilja, drummer Antti Lehtinen, and other session musicians to record Eilera's first album under Spinefarm Records. The product, released that same year was an EP titled Precious Moment. In 2007, Eilera followed up their EP with their first studio album titled Fusion also recorded with the help of Hiili Hiilesmaa, Max Lilja, and Antti Lehtinen.
When Universal bought Spinefarm, their collaboration with the company ended and they started working independently. They self-released the album Darker Chapter… and stars.  They are considered a pioneer in exploring new ways of selling their songs online with special aesthetics on their own website.
After a tour in France, Eilera ended their collaboration with Loïc Tézénas and they moved to Finland permanently.
In Finland, Eilera worked on new collaborations, including one with Pariisin Kevät on their first album Meteoriitti, on which they wrote in French and composed for the track Alkemisti and recorded in Finnish on the track Pyykkipäivä.
They met Celtic harp player Lily Neill, with whom they practised in the buildings of the Sibelius Academy . Together with a cellist and the bass player Jan Sormo, they covered Eilera's songs and Tori Amos' song Winter.
After this acoustic break Eilera composed their new album.
The first 2 test-songs of this album were recorded at studio Finnvox in February–March together with Eilera's old friend Tero Kinnunen (Nightwish) and a band of new musicians.
Wishing for a more intimate approach, Eilera decided that the whole album would be recorded live in studio.
Five official videos were released in support of the album. Three of them were shot live in studio for the songs Angel Made Temptress, Deadly Together and Your Way. They were released to accompany the album publication.
A lyric video for Face Your Demons followed, as well as a video for Male Female Balance. The latest was shot in Espoo, Finland.
All videos were shot by Eilera's old friend Mitja Harvilahti. The last two videos were part of a collaboration with Chilean visual artist David Letelier.
During the summerof 2017, Eilera announced that they would be working on a new record that would be acoustic-based, related to the themes of waves.
In January 2019, it was announced that the album was complete, with a photograph taken from the Finnvox Studios in Helsinki.
During the recording process, Eilera posted on Facebook that Waves is a Franco/Finnish/Chilean collaboration.
Discography
References
External links
www.eilera.com – official website
http://blog.eilera.com
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Eilera/7099274934?ref=bookmarks
Women heavy metal singers
French women singers
French singer-songwriters
Living people
Musicians from Montpellier
Year of birth missing (living people)
Miss República Dominicana 1982 was held on June 18, 1981. There were 28 candidates who competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1982 . The Señorita República Dominicana Mundo will enter Miss World 1982. The Señorita República Dominicana Café will enter Reinado Internacional del Café 1982. This year was the only time that country won Miss World.
Results
Delegates
Azua - Margarita Asmar
Barahona - Wanda Ramos Lama
Distrito Nacional - Ana Sofia Peralta Tejada
Distrito Nacional - Margarita Cedeño López
Distrito Nacional - Marlene Oviedo
Distrito Nacional - Martha de la Rosa Lara
Distrito Nacional - Minerva Soñé
Distrito Nacional - Vickiana Espinosa Cano
Distrito Nacional - Yulissa Cardona
Elías Piña - María Altagracia Peña
Independencia - Ana María Joaquín Mejía
La Altagracia - Anderina Arias del Rosario
La Romana - Fernanda Longoria
La Romana - Sandra Fermín
La Vega - Miosoty Rodríguez Rodríguez
María Trinidad Sánchez - Yasim Abud
Monte Cristi - Merilin Camacho
Puerto Plata - Sara María Taveras García
Salcedo - Rossy Montolio
Sánchez Ramírez - Yolanda Pimentel
San Juan - Miguelina Rodríguez
San Pedro de Macorís - Soraya Josefina Morey Molina
Santiago - Jacqueline Guerrero
Santiago - Mónica Fernández Polanco
Valverde - Carolina Acosta
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090211102742/http://ogm.elcaribe.com.do/ogm/consulta.aspx
Miss Dominican Republic
1982 beauty pageants
1982 in the Dominican Republic
Osteochilus nashii, also known a
Osteochilichthys godavariensis
Osteochilichthys nashii
Osteochilus malabaricuss Nash's barb, Nash barb, or black borde r tail orange, a species of cyprinid fish endemic to India.
Named in honor of “Dr. Nash,” probably John Pearson Nash (1828-1885), Surgeon, H.M. Madras Army, who collected type.
References
Taxa named by Francis Day
Fish described in 1869
Osteochilus
Craco is a ghost town and comune in the province of Matera, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. It was abandoned towards the end of the 20th century, due to faulty pipe work that was thought to have failed, causing the town to be abandoned due to a landslide. The abandonment has made Craco a tourist attraction and a popular filming location. In 2010, Craco was included in the watch list of the World Monuments Fund.
Geography
Craco is about inland from the Gulf of Taranto. The town was built on a very steep summit for defensive reasons, giving it a striking appearance and distinguishing it from the surrounding land. The centre, built on the highest side of the town, faces a ridge which runs steeply to the southwest, where newer buildings exist. The town sits atop a cliff that overlooks the Cavone River valley. Throughout the area are many vegetation-less mounds called calanchi (badlands) formed by intensive erosion.
History
Tombs have been found dating from the 8th century BC. Around 540 BC, the area was inhabited by Greeks who moved inland from the coastal town of Metaponto. The town's name can be dated to 1060 AD, when the land was the possession of Arnaldo, Archbishop of Tricarico, who called the area Graculum, which means in Latin "little plowed field". This long association of the Church with the town had a great influence on the inhabitants.
From 1154 to 1168, the control of the village passed to a nobleman, Eberto, probably of Norman origin, who established the first feudal control over the town. Then in 1179, Roberto of Pietrapertosa became the landlord of Craco. Under Frederick II, Craco was an important military center and the Castle Tower hosted the Lombard prisoners who fought against the Holy Roman Emperor.
In 1276, a university was established in the town. During the 13th century, Craco became feudal tenure of Muzio Sforza. The population increased from 450 (1277), to 655 (1477), to 1,718 (1532), until reaching 2,590 in 1561; and averaged 1,500 in succeeding centuries. By the 15th century, four large palazzi had developed in the town: Palazzo Maronna near the tower, Palazzo Grossi near the big church, Palazzo Carbone on the Rigirones property, and Palazzo Simonetti. During 1656, a plague struck, with hundreds dying and reducing the number of families in the town.
By 1799, with the proclamation of the Parthenopean Republic, the townspeople overthrew the Bourbon feudal system. Innocenzo De Cesare returned to Naples, where they had studied, and promoted an independent municipality. The republican revolution was repressed by the army of Holy Faith few months later and Craco returned under the Bourbon monarchy. Subsequently, the town fell under the control of the Napoleonic occupation. Bands of brigands, supported by the Bourbon government in exile, attacked Craco on July 18, 1807, plundering and killing the pro-French notables.
By 1815, the town was large enough to divide into two districts: Torrevecchia, the highest area adjacent to the castle and tower; and Quarter della Chiesa Madre, the area adjacent to San Nicola's Church. After the unification of Italy, in 1861 Craco was conquered by the bands of brigands headed by Carmine Crocco.
With the end of the civil strife, the greatest difficulty the town faced became environmental and geological. From 1892 to 1922, over 1,300 Crachesi migrated to North America mainly due to poor agricultural conditions. In 1963, Craco began to be evacuated due to a series of landslides and the inhabitants moved to the valley of Craco Peschiera. The landslides seem to have been provoked by works of infrastructure, sewer and water systems.
In 1972 a flood worsened the situation further, preventing a possible repopulation of the historic centre. After the 1980 Irpinia earthquake, the ancient site of Craco was completely abandoned.
In 2007, the descendants of the emigrants of Craco in the United States formed the "Craco Society", a non-profit organization which preserves the culture, traditions, and history of the comune.
In popular culture
Cinema
Craco has been the setting of many movies, and was the setting for the suicide of Judas in The Passion of The Christ (2004), by Mel Gibson. Other films shot inside or near the ghost town include:
La lupa (1953), by Alberto Lattuada
Christ Stopped at Eboli (1979), by Francesco Rosi
King David (1985), by Bruce Beresford
Saving Grace (1986), by Robert M. Young
The Sun Also Shines at Night (1990), by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
The Nymph (1996), by Lina Wertmüller
The Nativity Story (2006), by Catherine Hardwicke
Quantum of Solace (2008), by Marc Forster
Basilicata Coast to Coast (2010), by Rocco Papaleo
Television
The ancient site has been one of the filming sets for the Italian TV series Classe di ferro (1989-1991), by Bruno Corbucci.
Craco has been chosen among the locations for the Brazilian telenovela O Rei do Gado (1996-1997), directed by Luiz Fernando Carvalho.
In 2015 the ghost town was the setting for a Japanese Pepsi commercial.
Music
French folk band Ödland filmed at Craco the video clip for the song "Santa Lucia", from the album Sankta Lucia (2011).
German composer Hauschka wrote the song "Craco", from the album Abandoned City (2014).
A music video for "Paradise" (2020) by Italian dance project Meduza featuring Dermot Kennedy took place in Craco.
People
Vincenzo, Martyr of Craco
Director David O. Russell's maternal grandfather was originally from Craco
See also
2010 World Monuments Watch
References
External links
Official website
Craco Society
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Buildings and structures in the Province of Matera
Municipalities of the Province of Matera
Former populated places in Italy
Ghost towns in Italy
Tourist attractions in Basilicata
6th-century BC establishments in Italy
1980 disestablishments in Italy
Environmental disaster ghost towns
This is a list of Australian soccer transfers for the 2015–16 A-League. Only moves featuring at least one A-League club are listed.
Clubs were able to sign players at any time, but many transfers will only officially go through on 1 June because the majority of player contracts finish on 31 May.
Transfers
All players without a flag are Australian. Clubs without a flag are clubs participating in the A-League.
Pre-season
Mid-season
References
A-League Men transfers
transfers
Football transfers summer 2015
Football transfers winter 2015–16
Psallus varians is a Palearctic species of true bug.
References
Phylini
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1841
Bao Xiaofeng (; born November 22, 1979) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television, the main state announcer of China.  They are of Mongol descent.  They are known all over China as an announcer for the 7:00 pm CCTV News program Xinwen Lianbo, which has reach all over China on various networks and internationally, is one of the most watched news programs in the world.
Biography
Bao was born in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, on November 22, 1979, while their ancestral home in Liaoning. They attended Xinhuajie School and Hohhot Experimental Middle School. They secondary studied at Hohhot Tumet High School. In 1997, they were admitted to the Communication University of China, majoring in the Broadcasting Department. After graduating in 2001, they were recruited in the China Central Television (CCTV) and hosted several news programs such as Live Newsroom. On September 12, 2021, they hosted their first newscast on Xinwen Lianbo (or News Simulcast).
Television
Asia Report
News 8:00
Media Plaza
Morning News
News 30'''
Live News Midnight News Focus on Xinwen Lianbo (or News Simulcast'')
References
1979 births
Living people
People from Hohhot
Chinese people of Mongolian descent
Communication University of China alumni
CCTV newsreaders and journalists
Konstantinas Savickas (Americanized their name as Connie Savickas; October 14, 1908, Punsk – 1992, Chicago) was an American lawyer and Lithuanian basketball coach.  They are often regarded as the father of Lithuanian basketball.
Biography
In 1909, they emigrated to the United States with their parents. In Chicago, they achieved secondary education and graduated from Northwestern University in 1929 by achieving Bachelor of Laws. As a student they actively exercised, in 1933-1935 they were editing Lithuanian youth newspaper "Vytis".
In 1935-1936, they lived in Kaunas, worked at Physical Culture Palace as a sports instructor. Basketball situation in Lithuania was deplorable at that time, tragic loss to Latvia with huge difference was a perfect proof of that. As a result, Savickas started coaching Lithuania national basketball team in 1935 and improved it a lot. They invited well-known Lithuanian-American basketball players Pranas Talzūnas, Feliksas Kriaučiūnas, Juozas Žukas and B.Budrikas to Lithuania. In Kaunas, 1936, they published their book "Krepšinis" (English: "Basketball"), wrote various articles about physical education. In 1937, Lithuania lost to Latvia again but only with score of 29:41, which was a huge improvement. Just before EuroBasket 1937, they transferred their head coach post to Feliksas Kriaučiūnas. Lithuania won EuroBasket for the first time during that competition in Latvia.
After the end of EuroBasket 1937, they returned to the United States without knowing that their home-country will be occupied soon. As a result, they had to stay in the United States almost their whole life after Soviet Union occupation and observe Lithuanian-Americans, Frank Lubin (5-times All-American) games in USA clubs and after many decades admire Sabonis, Marčiulionis, Chomičius, Kurtinaitis game play.
They returned to Lithuania only in 1991, just one year before their death, to participate in IV Lithuanian World Sports Games. Giving interview to daily newspaper Lietuvos rytas they said:
"Tikiu, kad išaugs nauji saboniai ir marčiulioniai, ir vėl susiburs nauja gera komanda" (English: I believe that new Sabonis and Marčiulions will grow up and will create a new superb team again)
They said that by observing future and without knowing that they will not have a chance to see future Lithuania national basketball team victories. Savickas died in the beginning of June, 1992, in Chicago, just a few months before tremendous Lithuania national team victory in 1992 Summer Olympics against Unified Team (team formed from the former USSR countries, except the Baltic States) during the Olympic bronze game.
References
Jungtinių Amerikos Valstijų lietuviai. (II t.) – Mokslo ir enciklopedijų leidybos centras, Vilnius, 1998
Vidas Mačiulis, Vytautas Gudelis. Halė, kurioje žaidė Lubinas ir Sabonis. 1939–1989. – Respublikinis sporto kombinatas, Kaunas, 1989
1908 births
1992 deaths
Lithuanian basketball coaches
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
The three-lined balsa moth (Balsa tristrigella) is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in eastern North America.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. Adults have light gray forewings, shading to brownish in the distal third. There are several thin black lines running longitudinally along the wing, becoming thicker in the distal half. The hindwings are pale yellowish-gray with a thin dark terminal line. They are on wing from May to August.
The larvae feed on Crataegus species.
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Moths described in 1866
Hadeninae
Moths of North America
Heavyweight is a Gimlet Media podcast created and produced by humorist Jonathan Goldstein where they help people try to resolve a moment from their past that they wish they could change.
Goldstein told The New Yorker that the name "Heavyweight" is meant to suggest the emotional burdens that we carry around, as well as "the connotation of the boxer juxtaposed with the connotation of me . . . the non-boxer.”
Podcast format
In each episode, host Jonathan Goldstein attempts to help a guest—typically an ordinary person, not a celebrity—find closure for an unresolved question in their lives. The New York Times described it this way: "Jonathan Goldstein climbs inside the stories that shape people's lives to see if they can help them create better endings." The Atlantic described the podcast by saying, "Each episode finds the host Jonathan Goldstein moderating a fraught moment intensified by years of distance: a time when someone broke a promise, or another person's heart. The hurt is still there—sometimes for everyone, sometimes for just one person who can't let something go. Goldstein leads special-ops soul-searching missions, seeking common ground between the aggrieved and the blissfully ignorant."
As described in the Financial Times: "The first episode featured Goldstein's 80-year-old father, Buzz, and their estranged brother. When they got them talking you could feel the temperature plummet. The second episode revolved around Goldstein's friend Gregor, who once loaned the pop musician Moby a box of CDs. In this collection, Moby found the songs that they sampled for their mega-selling 1999 album, Play. Now Gregor wanted their CDs back, along with the life they thought they could have had."
The show's absurd yet earnest tone has been compared to that of Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist. In their role as host, Goldstein has been described as "Louis Theroux without the gaucheness" and a dry commentator whose willingness to "crack mean jokes...saves the podcast from ever becoming saccharine."
Reception
Heavyweight has been positively reviewed in The New York Times, The New Yorker, The Atlantic, and The Guardian, which described one episode as a "toe-curling delight". Writing in the Financial Times, Fiona Sturges called the show "terrifically moving". In The Atlantic, Laura Jane Standley wrote: "As Goldstein presides over these thorny divisions, they inject the narrative with a buddy-cop mania, letting the listeners laugh at how flawed their subjects (himself included) are, without ever being demeaning".
The New Yorker wrote: "With gumption, empathy, and comic awkwardness, [Goldstein] ventures into people's lives and tries to help them resolve things from the past: an unsolved human mystery, lingering guilt, a falling-out, hurt that's turned to grievance." The Guardian wrote: "Goldstein leads their subjects back to that crucial moment when things went wrong and then helps them confront it so they can move on. Enthralling."
Heavyweight was named the Number One podcast of 2016 by The Atlantic and one of the best podcasts of 2019 by The Economist.
The show spent 4 days at #1 on the US iTunes podcast charts in September 2016, following its series premiere. In Canada, the show was at #1 for thirteen days and the show has spent nearly three times as many days in the top 100 there as it did in the US.
Awards
In 2017, the episode "Gregor" was awarded the TC/RHDF 2017 Skylarking Award from the Third Coast International Audio Festival. The episode was produced by Jonathan Goldstein, Chris Neary, Wendy Dorr and Kalila Holt.
In 2020, “The Marshes” episode(#30) was nominated for an IDA Documentary award for best audio documentary.
Series overview
References
External links
Audio podcasts
2016 podcast debuts
Gimlet Media
Predix may refer to:
Predix (software): General Electric's software platform for the Industrial Internet
Epix Pharmaceuticals Inc (formerly Predix Pharmaceuticals Inc.)
"Angels" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Chance the Rapper. The song was released on October 27, 2015, as the lead single from their third solo mixtape, Coloring Book (2016). The track, produced by Lido and The Social Experiment, features vocal by fellow Chicago rapper Saba.
Music video
The song's accompanying music video premiered on April 7, 2016, on Chance the Rapper's YouTube account. It was directed by Austin Vesely and Chance the Rapper. The video was nominated for Best Hip-Hop Video at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards.
Charts
Release history
References
External links
Lyrics of this song at Genius
2015 singles
2015 songs
Chance the Rapper songs
Songs written by Chance the Rapper
Meinhard Charles "Monty" Pfyl (May 11, 1886 – October 18, 1945) was a Major League Baseball first baseman. They played one game for the New York Giants in . In their lone career plate appearance, Pfyl was credited with a sacrifice hit.
Sources
, Retrosheet
Major League Baseball first basemen
New York Giants (NL) players
Cedar Rapids Rabbits players
Springfield Senators players
Baltimore Orioles (IL) players
Altoona Mountaineers players
Stockton Millers players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
Jersey City Skeeters players
Baseball players from St. Louis
1886 births
1945 deaths
In South Africa, a provincial legislature is the legislative branch of the government of a province. The provincial legislatures are unicameral and vary in size from 30 to 80 members, depending on the population of the province. Each legislature is chaired by a Speaker and a Deputy Speaker.
History
The original four provinces of South Africa (the provinces that existed from 1910 to 1994) had provincial councils elected by the white population of the provinces. The provincial councils were weak; they appointed an executive council (a provincial cabinet) but could not appoint or remove the Administrator (the executive head) of the province. The Administrators were chosen by the Governor-General (before 1961) or the State President (after 1961). The provincial councils' legislative powers were also strictly limited to specific topics. In 1986 the national Parliament abolished the provincial councils entirely, instead allowing the State President to appoint the whole executive council.
The current provincial legislatures were established by the 1993 Interim Constitution of South Africa upon the creation of the new nine provinces. The 1993 Constitution came into effect (and the provinces came into existence) on 27 April 1994; the election on the same day elected the first provincial legislatures. For the most part, the provincial legislatures have been controlled by the African National Congress. The exceptions are the KwaZulu-Natal Legislature, which was controlled by the Inkatha Freedom Party from 1994 to 2004; and the Western Cape Provincial Parliament, which was controlled by the (New) National Party from 1994 to 2004 (sometimes in coalition with the Democratic Party) and since 2009 has been controlled by the Democratic Alliance.
Election
The Members of the Provincial Legislature (MPLs) are elected by party-list proportional representation with a closed list, using the largest remainder method with the Droop quota to allocate any surplus. The usual term of a provincial legislature is five years. Elections are run by the Independent Electoral Commission, and have been held in 1994, 1999, 2004, 2009, 2014 and 2019. Although it is not constitutionally required, thus far all the elections have been held simultaneously with elections to the National Assembly.
Powers
The legislature has the power to pass legislation in various fields enumerated in the national constitution; in some fields the legislative power is shared with the national parliament, while in others it is reserved to the province. The fields include such matters as health, education (except universities), agriculture, housing, environmental protection, and development planning. In fields outside the power of a provincial legislature, it may recommend legislation to the National Assembly.
A provincial legislature may also enact a constitution for that province, if two-thirds of the members vote in favour. The powers of the provincial legislature are bound only by the national constitution and the provincial constitution (if one exists).
The provincial legislature of a province chooses the Premier, the head of the provincial executive. The legislature can force the Premier to resign by passing a motion of no confidence, or remove them for misconduct or inability. Although the Executive Council (cabinet) is chosen by the Premier, the legislature may pass a motion of no confidence to force the Premier to reconstitute the Council. A provincial legislature also appoints that province's delegates to the National Council of Provinces, allocating delegates to parties in proportion to the number of seats each party holds in the legislature.
The legislature oversees the administration of the provincial government, and the Premier and the members of the Executive Council are required to report to the legislature on the performance of their responsibilities. The legislature also controls the finances of the provincial government by way of the appropriation bills which determine the provincial budget.
List of provincial legislatures
This list shows nine provincial legislatures and their party composition after the elections of 2019.
References
Legislatures
Legislature
"Home" is a song written by Fred Lehner and Andy Spooner, and recorded by American country music singer Joe Diffie as their debut single. It was released in August 1990 as the lead-off single from their debut album A Thousand Winding Roads. "Home" rose to the top of all three major country format charts that were in existence at the time — Billboard, Radio & Records (now known as Mediabase 24/7), and the now-defunct Gavin Report — marking the first time in chart history that a country singer's debut single had done so. It also peaked at number 1 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.
Content
Diffie said the song stirred strong emotions. "I think everybody related to it, regardless of whether they were raised in the country or city, because everybody has a home in their memory."
Music video
A music video did not accompany the song, which was highly unusual for a hit record in the 1990s. Diffie told the Chicago Tribune that the decision happened by design. "We told people in radio that we wanted them to have the first shot at the music and I think they were appreciative of that."
Chart positions
Year-end charts
References
1990 debut singles
1990 songs
Joe Diffie songs
Song recordings produced by Bob Montgomery (songwriter)
Epic Records singles
The Wright R-975 Whirlwind was a series of nine-cylinder air-cooled radial aircraft engines built by the Wright Aeronautical division of Curtiss-Wright. These engines had a displacement of about and power ratings of . They were the largest members of the Wright Whirlwind engine family to be produced commercially, and they were also the most numerous.
During World War II, Continental Motors built the R-975 under license as a powerplant for Allied tanks and other armored vehicles. Tens of thousands of engines were built for this purpose, dwarfing the R-975's usage in aircraft, where it was overshadowed by the similar Pratt & Whitney R-985. After the war, Continental continued to produce its own versions of the R-975 into the 1950s. Some of these produced as much as .
The R-975 powered the American World War II M18 Hellcat tank destroyer which was claimed to have been the fastest tracked armored vehicle until the introduction of the turbine powered M1 Abrams in the 1980s.
Design and development
Wright introduced the J-6 Whirlwind family in 1928 to replace the nine-cylinder R-790 series. The J-6 family included varieties with five, seven, and nine cylinders. The nine-cylinder version was originally known as the J-6 Whirlwind Nine, or J-6-9 for short. The U.S. government designated it as the R-975; Wright later adopted this and dropped the J-6 nomenclature.
Like all the members of the J-6 Whirlwind family, the R-975 had larger cylinders than the R-790. The piston stroke of 5.5 in (14.0 cm) was unchanged, but the cylinder bore was expanded to 5.0 in (12.7 cm) from the R-790's bore of 4.5 in (11.4 cm). While the R-790 was naturally aspirated, the R-975, like the other J-6 engines, had a gear-driven supercharger to boost its power output.
Wright gradually developed the R-975, at first using suffix letters to indicate successive versions. The original R-975 (or J-6-9) was rated for 300 hp (224 kW), while the R-975E of 1931 could do 330 hp (246 kW) thanks to an improved cylinder head design. Wright later added numeric suffixes to show different power levels. The R-975E-1, introduced the same year as the R-975E, was rated at 365 hp (272 kW) thanks to higher-compression pistons and a slightly greater RPM limit. An even more powerful version, the R-975E-3, was also introduced that year, with greater supercharging and a still higher RPM limit, and was progressively refined until the final model of 1935 could reach 450 hp (336 kW) for takeoff.
Operational history
As the most powerful Whirlwind to be produced commercially was also the most successful. It powered a wide variety of civil utility aircraft, such as the Beechcraft Staggerwing, and various airliners, such as the Ford 4-AT-E Trimotor and the Lockheed 10B Electra. In addition, it powered U.S. military training aircraft including the North American BT-9 and Vultee BT-15 Valiant for the Army and the Curtiss-Wright SNC Falcon for the Navy. The Curtiss F9C Sparrowhawk parasite fighter operated from U.S. Navy airships was also powered by the R-975.
One notable record set by a Wright J-6 Whirlwind-powered aircraft occurred during July 28–30, 1931, when Russell Norton Boardman and John Louis Polando flew non-stop from Floyd Bennett Field, on Long Island to Istanbul, Turkey in the Cape Cod, a Bellanca Special J-300 high-wing monoplane in 49:20 hours, establishing a distance record of , the first nonstop record flight to surpasse .
However, the R-975 faced heavy competition from Pratt & Whitney's R-985 Wasp Junior and from their larger R-1340 Wasp. Pratt & Whitney R-985 outsold the Wright R-975 by a wide margin.
Wright's production of the R-975 ceased in 1945, with over 7,000 engines being produced by the company.
Production by Continental Motors
In 1939 the U.S. Army, which had been using Continental R-670 radial engines in its light tanks, chose Continental Motors to build the R-975 under license as the engine for its M2 medium tanks. Subsequently, the same engine was selected for the M3 Lee medium tank, the M4 Sherman medium tank, the Canadian Ram tank (which used the M3 chassis), the M7 Priest self-propelled gun, the M18 Hellcat tank destroyer, and other Allied armored vehicles based on these. Continental versions of the R-975 for armored vehicles included the R-975E-C2, the R-975-C1, and the R-975-C4.
In contrast to the 7,000 built by Wright, Continental built over 53,000 R-975 engines.
When installed in a tank, the R-975 did not have the benefit of being cooled by air slipstream or propeller blast, so a cooling fan was attached to the power shaft and surrounded by a shroud to provide the same effect.
After the war, Continental introduced its own R-975 version for aircraft, the R9-A. Though it was basically similar to other R-975 engines, and its compression ratio and supercharger gear ratio were unchanged from the R-975E-3, other improvements in the R9-A allowed it to achieve for takeoff, surpassing any Wright version. A military version, the R-975-46, could reach , and was used in Piasecki's HUP Retriever and H-25 Army Mule helicopters. Continental's production of R-975 engines continued into the 1950s.
Other license-built R-975s
The engine was built in Spain as the Hispano-Suiza 9Q or Hispano-Wright 9Q without modification apart from the use of Hispano's patented nitriding finishing process and, on one version only, the 9Qdr, an epicyclic output speed reducer. The R-975 was also produced under licence by Fábrica Nacional de Motores in Brazil.
Variants
J-6-9 (R-975)
at 2,000 RPM.
R-975-20
for airship use
R-975E
at 2,000 RPM. Higher power from improved cylinder head.
R-975E-1
at 2,100 RPM. Higher compression ratio.
R-975E-3
at 2,200 RPM up to , at 2,250 RPM for takeoff. Increased supercharging, slightly higher compression ratio.
R-975E-C2
at 2,400 RPM. Built by Continental Motors under license for use in armored vehicles.
Continental R9-A
at 2,300 RPM at , at 2,300 RPM for takeoff. Continental's improved post-war version.
Hispano-Suiza 9Q
Licence built R-975 J-6 Whirlwind
Hispano-Suiza 9Qa
variant of the Licence built R-975 J-6 Whirlwind
Hispano-Suiza 9Qb
variant of the Licence built R-975 J-6 Whirlwind
Hispano-Suiza 9Qc
variant of the Licence built R-975 J-6 Whirlwind
Hispano-Suiza 9Qd
variant of the Licence built R-975 J-6 Whirlwind
Hispano-Suiza 9Qdr
variant of the Licence built R-975 J-6 Whirlwind
Applications
Wright J-6-9 and R-975
ASJA L2
Avro Anson Mk IV
Beechcraft Staggerwing B17R, C17R, and D17R
Bellanca CH-300 Pacemaker
Berliner-Joyce OJ-2
Caribbean Traders Husky III
Cessna DC-6A Chief
Curtiss Kingbird
Curtiss-Wright CW-14 Travel Air/Speedwing/Sportsman Deluxe/Osprey
Curtiss-Wright CW-22
Curtiss-Wright SNC-1 Falcon
de Havilland DH.75B Hawk Moth
Dewoitine D.31
Dewoitine D.35
Douglas RD-1 & C-21/OA-3 Dolphin
Emsco B-5 Challenger
Goodyear K-1
Curtiss F9C Sparrowhawk
Fokker Universal
Fokker C-5
Fokker C-7
Fokker C.XIV
Fokker T.VIII
Ford 4-AT-E Trimotor
Interstate XTD3R
Ireland N-2B Neptune
Keystone XOK
Keystone-Loening K-84 Commuter
Koolhoven F.K.56
Lockheed Model 12B Electra Junior
McDonnell XV-1
Messerschmitt M 18
Noorduyn Norseman Mk.1
North American BT-9
North American NA-57
North American NA-64 Yale
Pitcairn PA-19
Pitcairn-Cierva PCA-2/OP-1
Pitcairn PA-33 & 34/OP-2
Ryan B-5 Brougham
Spartan C4-300
Stearman Model 6C Cloudboy
Stinson SM-1F Detroiter
Timm T-840
Townsend Thunderbird (as rebuilt)
Travel Air B9-4000
Travel Air 6000B
Travel Air Type R Mystery Ship
VL Pyry
Vultee BT-15 Valiant
Waco JTO
Waco JYO
Waco JWM and JYM Mailplanes
M4 Sherman
Continental R-975
Beech D-18C
Grizzly I cruiser - Canadian production of M4A1 Sherman tank
Kangaroo armoured personnel carrier modification of M7 Priest and other vehicles
Kellett XR-10
M3 Lee
M4 Sherman
M7 Priest
M18 Hellcat
M12 Gun Motor Carriage
M40 Gun Motor Carriage
McDonnell XV-1
Piasecki HUP Retriever
Ram tank
Sexton self-propelled gun
Sikorsky XHJS-1 (S-53) - prototype helicopter
Skink anti-aircraft tank - anti-aircraft vehicle based on Grizzly I
Engines on display
Some museums which have R-975 engines on display:
Pima Air & Space Museum in Tucson, Arizona has a Wright R-975.
Hiller Aviation Museum in San Carlos, California has a Wright R-975.
National Museum of Naval Aviation near Pensacola, Florida has a Continental R-975.
Southern Museum of Flight in Birmingham, Alabama has a Continental R-975.
Queensland Air Museum in Caloundra, Queensland, Australia has a Continental R-975.
Lake Boga Catalina Museum (Lake Boga, Victoria, Australia) has a Continental Wright R-975.
Specifications (Whirlwind R-975E-3)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
. Available from the Aircraft Engine Historical Society's reference page.
. Available from the Aircraft Engine Historical Society's reference page.
The following Federal Aviation Administration type certificate data sheets, all available from the FAA's Regulatory and Guidance Library:
R-975E: .
R-975E-1: .
R-975E-3: .
Continental R9-A: .
External links
Engine Data Sheets: US Aero Engines — R-975 page
Aircraft air-cooled radial piston engines
R-975
1920s aircraft piston engines
Tank engines
Fox Sports is a group of channels available in Argentina and operated by Mediapro. The network is focused on sports-related programming including live and pre-recorded event broadcasts, sports talk shows and original programming, available throughout Argentina. The network is based in Argentina.
History
The network was launched in 1996 as Prime Deportiva, under the ownership of Liberty Media. Prior to its launch, on October 31, 1995, News Corporation acquired a 50% ownership interest in Liberty's Prime Network group and its international networks (including sister channels Premier Sports and Prime Sports Asia) as part of an expansion of its Fox Sports properties in the Americas. In 1996, the channel was rebranded as Fox Sports Américas, later shortened to Fox Sports in 1999. In 2002, Hicks, Muse, Tate and Furst, a Dallas private equity firm, Liberty Media Corp and News Corp created a holding company (Fox Pan American Sports) to jointly operate FOX Sports Latin America. News Corp owned approximately 38% interest. Liberty later exited leaving HMTF and News Corp as co-owners of the cable network. News Corp purchased the ownership rights from HMTF of FOX Sports en Espanol and rebranded as FOX Deportes in 2010. News Corp purchased the remaining ownership rights for the holding company from HMTF and fully owned the FOX Sports Latin America cable network in 2011.
In 2009, a second feed called Fox Sports+ (FOX Sports mas) was launched, to allow simultaneous broadcasting of football. In 2010, FOX Sports signed a deal with UFC to be the first cable network to show it in Latin America. FOX Sports also opened a studio in 2010 in Mexico City where it broadcasts original programming and licensed programming. In 2012, the channel was renamed to Fox Sports 2, whereas Speed Channel was rebranded to Fox Sports 3.
On August 21, 2017, Fox launched a new channel called Fox Sports Premium that broadcast the replays of the matches of the Argentine Primera División until August 25, 2017, when the Superliga Argentina began an agreement with TNT Sports to share the directives of Argentine football.
On October 16, 2020, the Argentine Football Association would breach their television contract to broadcast Argentinian football on Fox Sports due to the Disney acquisition of 21st Century Fox, with TNT Sports being the only broadcasters leaving open the possibility that the Televisión Pública of reacquiring the rights. However, on October 30 the Argentinian court would rule in favor of Fox, with Fox being able to broadcast the matches.
On January 29, 2021, Disney would reach in agreement with Argentine Football Association to broadcast Argentine Primeira Division matches until 2030 with its sister channel ESPN to also broadcast outside of Argentina with Televisión Pública broadcasting matches in Argentina.
In November 2021, Disney announced that Fox Sports' main channel would be renamed ESPN 4 on December 1, 2021, while Fox Sports 2, Fox Sports 3 and Fox Sports Premium would continue on the air in Argentina.
On January 20, 2022, CNDC ordered Disney to divest the Fox Sports television network from the 21st Century Fox purchase in order to get an approval from the government of Argentina.
On February 15, 2022, Disney announced it would sell Fox Sports Argentina to Mediapro. The sale was approved by the CNDC on April 27, 2022.
It was announced that on May 1, 2022, Fox Sports Premium would rebrand to ESPN Premium.
Programming
Fox Sports Argentina broadcasts sports-related programming 24 hours a day in Spanish. The network carries a wide variety of sports events, including soccer (Copa Libertadores, Argentine Primeira Division etc.), and WWE programming. Fox Sports also aired talk shows (NET: Nunca es tarde) as well as other programming including exercise programs.
Sports programming
Football
Copa Libertadores
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Super Cup
Liga MX (Only for C.F. Monterrey, León and Pachuca home matches)
Other sports
Formula One
Porsche Cup
Córdoba Open
Liga ACB
World Rugby Sevens Series
Premier Boxing Champions (Except PPV main card)
Ultimate Fighting Championship (Except PPV main card)
National Football League
WWE (Raw, SmackDown, Main Event, NXT and Vintage)
Other programming
Alongside its live sports broadcasts, Fox Sports also airs a variety of sports highlight, talk, and documentary styled shows. These include:
Personalities
Alejandro Ruzal
Agostina Larocca
Federico Bulos
Fernando Niembro
Gustavo López
Gonzalo Cardozo
Guillermo Poggi
Gustavo Yarroch
Damián Trillini
Daniel Retamozo
Diego "Chavo" Fucks
Diego Latorre
Diego Monroig
Esteban Edul
Juan Manuel "Bambino" Pons
Juan Carlos Pellegrini
Julián Fernández
Jorge Baravalle
Jorge Barril
Javier Tabares
Leandro Alves
Leonardo Gentili
Leonardo Gabés
Mateo Ferrer
Marcelo Benedetto
Martín Ponte
Matías Sánchez
Mauricio Gallardo "Damon"
Nicolás Brusco
Pablo Pons
Pablo Schillaci
Pablo Paván
Raúl Barceló
Renato Della Paolera
Sebastián Porto
Sebastián "Pollo" Vignolo
Santiago Russo
Tomás Dávila
See also
Fox Sports International
Fox Sports (Brazil)
Fox Sports (Mexico)
Fox Sports (Latin America)
GOL TV
ESPN Latin America
TyC Sports
DirecTV Sports
Claro Sports
References
External links
Latin American cable television networks
Television networks in Argentina
Argentina
Television channels and stations established in 1996
Spanish-language television stations
Television stations in Argentina
Broadcasting in Argentina
Prime Sports
The Boynton Bicycle Railroad was a monorail in Brooklyn on Long Island, New York. It ran on a single load-bearing rail at ground level, but with a wooden overhead stabilising rail engaged by a pair of horizontally opposed wheels. The railway operated for only two years, but the design was adopted elsewhere.
History
The concept was invented by Eben Moody Boynton, who hoped that this would eventually replace the conventional rail road, because it was cheaper to build and could be used for a double track on the space available for a conventional single track right of way.
According to the Scientific American of 28 March 1891, the steam locomotive and cars were in regular and continuous operation for passenger service during several weeks in the summer of 1890. The service was provided between the Gravesend and Coney Island areas of Brooklyn, on an abandoned section of an old standard-gauge railway track of the Sea Beach and Brighton Railroad. The first locomotive weighed nine tons, and had two cylinders, the piston rods of both being connected with cranks on each side the single 6 foot driving wheel, and the front of the locomotive being also supported by two pony wheels, one behind the other. These wheels had double flanges, to contact with either side of the track rail, as also had similarly arranged pairs of 38-inch wheels arranged under and housed in the floors near each end of the passenger cars.”
A heavier locomotive was especially designed for this method of traction, and built for use on a street railway. It weighed 16 tons and had a pair of drivers. The crank was only seven inches in length, and the engine was designed to readily make 600 revolutions a minute, and maintain a speed of with a full train of passenger cars.
In a true line with, and fifteen feet directly above, the face of the track rail was the lower face of a guide rail, supported from posts arranged along the side of the track, and on the sides of this guide rail run pairs of rubber-faced trolley wheels attached to the top of the locomotive and the cars. The guide rail was a simple stringer of yellow pine, 4¼ by 8 inches in section, and the standards on which the wheels are journaled were placed far enough apart to allow a space of 6 inches between the continuous faces of each pair of wheels, thus affording 1¾ inches for lateral play, or sidewise movement toward or from the guard rail, it being designed that the guide rail shall be arranged in the exact line of the true center of gravity of the cars and locomotive. The standards were bolted to six-inch wide strap iron attached to and extending across the top of the car.
The switching arrangement was remarkably simple. In addition to an ordinary track switch, in which, however, the switch bar is made to throw only one rail, a connection was made by means of a vertical rod and upper switch bar with a shifting section of the guide rail, whereby, on the moving of the track rail and the setting of the signal, the guide rail was simultaneously moved, the adjustment being effected and both being locked in position according to the methods usual in ordinary railway practice.
The passenger cars were each two stories in height, each story being divided lengthwise into nine separate compartments, each of which seated comfortably four passengers, thus providing seats for 72 passengers in each car. Each compartment had its own sliding door, and all the doors on the same floor of the car were connected by rods at the top and bottom with a lever in convenient reach of the brakeman, by whom the doors are all opened and closed simultaneously. The compartments were each four feet wide and five feet long, the seats facing each other. Only one rail of the old single track was used, as only one guide rail had been erected, except at the ends of the route, for switching purposes, but the width of the cars and motor was such that it only required the erection of another guide rail, for the utilizing of the other track rail, to form a regular double-track road of the Boynton pattern.
The section of railroad on which this system has been operated was only long, in which distance the curves were considerable, but, although they were mostly in one direction, the indications of wear upon the traction wheels, and upon the guide rail and trolley wheels, were hardly perceptible. During a portion of the season, when the summer travel to Coney Island was at its height, trains were run on regular schedule time, 50 three-car-trains daily each way, carrying up to 300 passengers per trip.
Locomotive designs
At least four different locomotive designs for the Boynton Bicycle Railroad were produced but it is unclear how many were actually built.
The freight locomotive resembles a Double Fairlie.
See also
Pelham Park and City Island Railway
Lartigue Monorail
Wuppertal Schwebebahn
References
External links
Robert Koplowicz: The Boynton Bicycle Railway
Monorails in the United States
Long Island
History of rail transport
New York (state) railroads
Villupuram district, India has several primary, secondary and tertiary educational institutions.
Different schools in Villupuram follow the curricula set by their board of choice, such as the Tamil Nadu State Board or the CBSE.
Colleges in Villupuram District
At tertiary level, the range of colleges in Viluppuram varies from Arts and Science Colleges (both Government and privately run) to professional colleges for Engineering and Medical Studies.kuralamudhu ias from Villupuram.
Around half a dozen Engineering Colleges have mushroomed in the recent years, thanks to IT and fancy investment in education. The Quality of education in these institutions are below par with the exception of a couple of colleges started in late 1990s and early 2000. Almost all the Engineering Colleges are under Anna University and affiliated to AICTE. The notable and famous one is Sri Aravindar Engineering College located in Vanur Taluk.
In 2010, Government Villupuram medical college was started functioning at Mundiyampakkam (8 km away from Villupuram on the way to Chennai) with full fletched hospital.
Engineering
IFET College of Engineering, An Autonomous Institution, Villupuram
Mailam Engineering College, Mailam
Schools
The Claribel Matric school, Villupuram
Sacred Heart Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School, Villupuram
Railway Mixed High School
Ramakrishna Mission Vidyalaya Matric Higher Secondary School
E.S. Lords International School
Viluppuram
Education in Viluppuram district
Hugh Ralston Crawford (1876–1954), practiced both as an engineer and architect in Australia and the United States in the first half of the 20th century.
Biography
Crawford was born in the United States in 1876, and moved to Queensland, Australia as a child. They were articled to the Townsville civil engineers and architects Eyre & Munro, and joined the Queensland Government's Bridge Department as a designing engineer in 1896, later becoming engineer in charge of railway construction. They also appear to have been in India for a time.
Crawford held the Australian patent rights for the Turner Mushroom flat slab system. This system was so-called due to the peculiar formation of rods around the column head and the rapidity with which they could be erected. It was first described in the US in Engineering News in 1905 by C.A.P. Turner and their first flat-slab building was the Johnson-Bovey building of 1906. Some of these buildings still exist and at least one, the 1906 Hoffman (a.k.a. Marshall) building was designated an ASCE National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 2002. Between 1906 and 1909, at least eighteen other buildings of this type were built in the U.S.A.
Crawford was involved in applying the Turner system to the design of Dovers building in Drewery Lane, Melbourne in 1908. This was the 1st flat slab building in Australia using the system and Crawford subsequently designed a large number of other buildings using the Turner system.
Crawford was granted an Australian patent in 1907 for a monolithic reinforced concrete cavity wall, and built a number of Melbourne houses on this system.
From 1906 to 1914 Crawford conducted a private practice in Melbourne specialising in steel and reinforced concrete building. From 1914 to 1919 they were employed by the John S. Metcalf Company Limited of Chicago-Montreal, Canada to construct bulk handling wheat silos for the New South Wales Government in Australia. In 1919 they were appointed Consulting Engineer for concrete to the Commonwealth Government.
The means by which Crawford obtained the Australian rights to the patent, have not been discerned.
Crawford died at a Nursing Home near their Lansell Crescent, Camberwell home, aged 80, on 24 October 1958, survived by their wife Catherine, and children Dorothy, Colin, Gilbert, Max and Alan.
Legacy
The locality of Crawford in Queensland and its railway station were named after him.
References
Bibliography
Exporting American Architecture, 1870–2000, by Jeffrey W. Cody
Miles Lewis [ed], Two Hundred Years of Concrete in Australia (North Sydney 1988), pp 26–7.
1954 deaths
American civil engineers
Australian civil engineers
Engineers from Melbourne
1876 births
Seaham Hall Dene railway station (also referred to as Hall Dene, Seaham Dene or Seaham Hall) was a private railway station that served Seaham Hall, the then a home of the Marquess of Londonderry close to the town of Seaham, County Durham, England from 1875 to 1925 on the Durham coastline.
History
In 1854 the Londonderry Railway opened the Londonderry, Seaham and Sunderland Railway to link its network of colliery railways to the newly constructed South Dock in Sunderland due to the lack of capacity in Seaham Harbour. Though constructed primarily for mineral traffic, passengers were also carried between and Hendon Burn in Sunderland from 1855 until the LS&SR began to use the Hendon terminus of the North Eastern Railway in 1868. An additional station was opened in 1875 to serve the home of the Londonderry family who had provided much of the funding for the line.
The station was situated north of Seaham station (originally Seaham Colliery station) and south of Ryhope East station.
In 1879 the North Eastern Railway closed Hendon station to be replaced by Sunderland Central station and so all LS&SR services were diverted into the new station. The LS&SR did, however, remain independent until the Londonderry Railway agreed to sell its Seaham to Sunderland route to the North Eastern Railway in the Act of 30 July 1900 though this sale did not include Hall Dene station which remained under the ownership of the Marquess. The NER took over operation of the route on 6 October 1900 and then, on 1 April 1905 opened an extension of it along the coast to West Hartlepool.
As part of the 1900 Act that enabled the NER to purchase the Seaham to Sunderland line, the Marquess retained the power "to stop other than express trains within reasonable limits" although this privilege was only used four times between 1900 and 1923. After the NER was amalgamated into the London & North Eastern Railway in the grouping of 1923, the LNER requested that this privilege be abolished and consequentially the station ceased to be used from 1 March 1925.
The original station building remains and has been convert to a private house.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in County Durham
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Former private railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1875
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1925
1875 establishments in England
1925 disestablishments in England
Seaham
Alibi is a British pay television channel that was launched on 1 November 1997 as UK Arena. It was renamed UK Drama in 2000, and then UKTV Drama in 2004, and assumed its current name on 7 October 2008.
History
The channel originally launched as part of the new four channel UKTV network on 1 November 1997. The channel, originally named UK Arena, focused on arts programming and was named after the BBC's flagship arts programme Arena (The BBC, through BBC Worldwide, owning half of UKTV and therefore half the channel). The channel aired as a part-time service, airing from 7pm-7am every day.
However, following disappointing ratings, the channel's focus was broadened to include all drama series, and as a result was renamed UK Drama on 31 March 2000. Within the launch of UK Food on 5 November 2001, UK Drama began timesharing with the new channel at the same broadcast hours. By 2002, UK Drama's broadcast hours were reduced to 9pm-5am.
On 8 March 2004, the channel, alongside all other UKTV channels, was renamed UKTV Drama to increase awareness of the central UKTV brand. On 9 April 2005, UKTV announced that the channel would expand to a full 24-hour schedule on 30 May.
Following the successful relaunch and rebranding of the channel UKTV G2 as Dave on 15 October 2007, the remaining UKTV channels underwent the same changes. UKTV Drama was renamed Alibi on 7 October 2008, and the channel's programmes were changed to focus specifically on crime dramas. All non-crime dramas were transferred to the rebranded Gold channel or to the newly created flagship channel Watch.
Subsidiary channels
Alibi +1
Alongside the main channel, a time shift channel is also operated: Alibi +1. Corresponding to the name on the main channel shows all programming from the channel one hour later, with no special idents or continuity used.
It originally launched on Sky on 2 May 2006 as UKTV Drama +1. Unlike its main service which broadcast around the clock, the timeshift only operated as a part-time service that broadcast from 3pm-2am. The channel was added to Virgin Media on 23 October 2007.
Alibi HD
On 29 July 2011, UKTV announced that it had secured a deal with BSkyB to launch three more high-definition channels on Sky. As part of Virgin Media's deal to sell its share of UKTV, all five of UKTV's HD channels would also be added to Virgin's cable television service by 2012. Alibi HD launched on 3 July 2012 on Sky and Virgin Media, while Dave HD and Watch HD launched in October 2011. All three channels are HD simulcasts of the standard-definition channels.
On-air identity
When the channel launched on 1 November 1997, the idents featured a star shape, usually inside a circle, with the UK Arena logo below. The logo, like that of all the UKTV channels until 2001, featured a single straight line logo with the UK prefix in a white box and the channel name typed in Gill Sans above a line extending out from the box. When the channel rebranded to UK Drama on 31 March 2000, the idents remained the same, with a change of the colours and the logo the only noticeable differences.
A new design introduced on 7 May 2001 resulted in the UK Drama logo standing alone at the bottom of the screen in a bold text, stylised to appear as: "UK Drama". On the end of the logo, a small design was included. One was assigned to each channel, with the exception of UK Gold and UK Gold 2, to identify what the channel broadcast. In the case of UK Drama, it was a bold, eight pointed stars within a circle. The idents themselves were replaced by three men beating drums with water on the surface with each drummer bathed in a particular colour light: red, blue and green. A subsequent name change to UKTV Drama saw the logo with an uppercase 'DRAMA' below a UKTV logo which was aligned to the left of the screen, a predominantly purple colour scheme, and idents used from 2005 to 2008 that featured a giant glass appearing 'D'.
Following the rebranding to Alibi on 7 October 2008, the channel's idents were all accompanied by the alibi logo, seen with interchangeable colours of white, black and red, and featured words associated with crime and murder arranged into different shapes; the outline of a dead body, a gunshot shattering a pane of glass, the dials of a safe, and the beam from a torch illuminating the words.
On 1 July 2015, Alibi had its first rebrand for seven years, with a slight change to the overall look and feel. The channel's red identity was made slightly darker while the logo stayed circular with white font, no dot over the first "i" and a black dot over the second. New idents feature crime scenes with the camera following red string that joins the clues together before resolving into the new logo.
Programming
The output of the channel is combination of drama series and serials comprising first-run exclusive and second run shows from the United States and Canada, together with second run showings of shows from the BBC and ITV.
Original programming
Drama
Annika (original series)
Traces (2 seasons, 12 episodes) (Alibi original series) (Renewed)
We Hunt Together (2 seasons, 12 episodes) (Alibi original series)(Renewed)
Co-production
Inspector George Gently
Current
The Bad Seed (New Zealand import from TVNZ 1)
Bite Club (Australian import from Nine Network)
CSI:Vegas
Death in Paradise (also shown on Drama)
The Doctor Blake Mysteries (Australian import from ABC (Australia)) (also shown on Drama)
Doctor Foster
Evil (US import from Paramount+)
Father Brown (also shown on Drama) and spin-off Sister Boniface Mysteries
Frankie Drake Mysteries (Canadian import/UKTV co-production with CBC Television)
Harrow (Australian import from ABC (Australia))
Hudson & Rex (Canadian import from CBC)
Luther
Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries (Australian import from ABC (Australia))
Miss Marple (also shown on Drama)
Miss Scarlet and The Duke
Ms Fisher's Modern Murder Mysteries (Australian import from Seven Networks)
Murdoch Mysteries (Canadian import/UKTV co-production with Citytv/CBC)
New Tricks (also shown on Drama)
One of Us (Australian Import)
Ragdoll (American import/UKTV co–production with AMC+)
Rizzoli & Isles (US import from TNT)
Pretty Hard Cases (Canadian import)
Shakespeare & Hathaway: Private Investigators
Shetland (also shown on Drama)
Silent Witness (also shown on Drama)
Strike
Taggart (STV)
Previous on Alibi
1-800-Missing (Canadian import from W Network)
55 Degrees North
Bergerac (now on Drama)
The Bill (ITV) (now on W and Drama)
Body of Proof (US import from ABC)
Cagney and Lacey (US import from CBS)
Campion
Castle (US import from ABC)
The Closer (US import from TNT)
Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders (US import from CBS)
Criminal Minds: Suspect Behaviour (US import from CBS)
Crossing Lines
Dalziel and Pascoe (now on Drama)
Dangerfield (now on Drama)
Detective Conan (Japanese import from TMS Entertainment; presented in Japanese with English subtitles)
Diagnosis: Murder (US import from CBS, now on CBS Justice)
Doctor Who (broadcast during 2008 as a special season presenting all of Tom Baker's episodes)
Due South (Canadian import from CTV, US import from CBS, now on Sony Channel)
Deception
Father Dowling Mysteries (US import from NBC/ABC)
The Glades (US import from A&E)
The Guardian (US import from CBS)
Hamish Macbeth (now on Drama)
Hart to Hart (US import from ABC, now on Sony Channel)
Hetty Wainthropp Investigates (now on Drama)
Hunter
The Inspector Alleyn Mysteries
The Inspector Lynley Mysteries (now on Drama)
Jack Taylor (Irish import from TV3)
Jonathan Creek (now on Drama)
Judge John Deed (now on Drama)
King & Maxwell (US import from TNT)
The Last Detective (ITV)
Lie to Me (US import from Fox) (previously on Sky One)
Maisie Raine (now on Drama)
The Missing
The Mrs. Bradley Mysteries (now on Drama)
My Life Is Murder (Australian import from Network Ten)
Murder in Mind
Murder, They Wrote (US import from CBS, now on 5USA)
Perception (US import from TNT)
The Protector (US import from Lifetime)
Quantico (US import from ABC)
Rebus (ITV) (now on Drama)
Rush (Australian import from Network Ten)
Reckless (US import from CBS)
Republic of Doyle (Canadian import from CBC, now on Fox)
Return of the Saint (ITV)
Ripper Street (now on Drama)
The Rockford Files
Rosewood (US import from Fox)
The Saint (ITV)
Secrets and Lies (US import from ABC)
Sherlock
Shoestring
Spooks (BBC) (now on Drama)
Stumptown
Sue Thomas: F.B. Eye (US import from PAX)
Tommy
Ten Days in the Valley (US import from ABC)
Unforgettable (US import from CBS/A&E) (previously on Sky Living)
Waking the Dead (now on Drama)
Wallander
Whiskey Cavalier
Why Women Kill (US import from Paramount+)
WPC 56
See also
UKTV
Television in the United Kingdom
References
External links
UKTV at The TV Room
Alibi at TVARK
Television channels and stations established in 1997
UKTV
UKTV channels
Crime television networks
is a private women's junior college in Tokyo, Japan, established in 1950.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1950
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Tokyo
1950 establishments in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Lineation may refer to:
Lineation (handwriting), use of consistent spacing and letter size in Western handwriting to produce straight lines
Lineation (geology), linear structural features within rocks
Parting lineation
Lineation (poetry), the selective arrangement of text into poetic lines
See also
Secondary cutaneous amyloidosis is a skin condition that occurs following PUVA therapy and in benign and malignant cutaneous neoplasms in which deposits of amyloid may be found.
See also
Amyloidosis
Skin lesion
List of cutaneous conditions
References
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
David Ludwig may refer to:
David Ludwig (physician), American physician
David Ludwig (composer) (born 1974), American composer
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Tibet:
Tibet is a plateau region in Asia and the home to the indigenous Tibetan people. With an average elevation of 4,900 metres (16,000 ft), it is the highest region on Earth and is commonly referred to as the "Roof of the World."
A unified Tibet first came into being under Songtsen Gampo in the 7th century. From the early 17th century until the 1959 uprising, the Dalai Lamas (Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leaders) were, at least nominally, heads of a centralised Tibetan administration, with political power to administer religious and administrative authority over large parts of Tibet from the traditional capital Lhasa. They are believed to be the emanations of Avalokiteśvara (or "Chenrezig" [spyan ras gzigs] in Tibetan), the bodhisattva of compassion.
General reference
Pronunciation:
Common English names: Tibet; or Xizang
Official English names: Xizang Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China
Common endonym(s):
Official endonym(s):
Adjectival(s): Tibetan
Demonym(s): Tibetans
Etymology: Name of Tibet
ISO region code for Xizang: CN-54
Geography of Tibet
Geography of Tibet
Location:
Northern Hemisphere and Eastern Hemisphere
Eurasia
Asia
Central Asia
South Asia
East Asia
Time zone: China Standard Time (UTC+08)
Extreme points of Tibet
High: Mount Everest – the highest point on Earth
Low: Yarlung Tsangpo
Demographics of Tibet
Atlas of Tibet
Environment of Tibet
Climate
Flora (plants of Tibet)
Lichens
Grasses
Ampelocissus xizangensis
Anisodus tanguticus
Aralia tibetana
Borinda
Buddleja crispa var. tibetica
Buddleja forrestii
Cedrus deodara
Cupressus gigantea
Cupressus torulosa
Fagopyrum tibeticum
Fallopia baldschuanica
Incarvillea
Juniperus indica
Juniperus tibetica
Luculia gratissima
Paeonia lactiflora
Russian sage
Noble rhubarb
Salvia castanea
Salvia wardii
Spikenard
Tetrapanax tibetanus
Tibetan elm
Siberian elm
Utricularia salwinensis
Fauna
Tibetan wild ass
Tibetan gazelle
Snow leopard
Black-necked crane
Geographic features of Tibet
Tibetan Plateau
Surrounding mountains:
Himalayas
Kunlun Mountains
Altyn-Tagh
Qilian Mountains
Hengduan Mountains
Karakoram
Lake Region (Changtang):
Pangong Tso
Lake Rakshastal
Lake Manasarovar
Yamdrok Lake
Dagze Lake
Namtso
Pagsum Lake
Siling Lake
Lhamo La-tso
Lumajangdong Co
Qinghai Lake
River region:
Yellow River
Yangtze River
Yalong River
Salween River (Nu)
Mekong (Lancang)
Indus River
Sutlej
South Tibet Valley:
Yarlung Tsangpo Grand Canyon
Yarlung Tsangpo River (Brahmaputra River)
Nyang River
Lake Paiku
Lake Puma Yumco
Administrative divisions of Tibet
Administrative divisions of Tibet
Capital of Tibet: Lhasa
Tibet is divided into 7 prefecture-level divisions, 73 county-level divisions, and 692 township-level divisions. The 7 prefecture-level divisions are:
Lhasa City
Nagchu Prefecture
Chamdo Prefecture
Nyingtri Prefecture
Shannan Prefecture
Shigatse Prefecture
Ngari Prefecture
There are also three traditional provinces or regions of Tibet:
Ü-Tsang
Amdo
Kham
Government and politics of Tibet
Politics in Tibet
Form of government: Autonomous areas of China; Government in exile
Capital of Tibet: Lhasa
Branches of the government of Tibet
Executive branch of the government of Tibet
Chairman of the Tibet Autonomous Region: Padma Choling
Local Communist Party secretary: Zhang Qingli
Legislative branch of the government of Tibet
Judicial branch of the government of Tibet
Foreign relations of Tibet
Foreign relations of Tibet
International organization membership
none
Local government in Tibet
Law and order in Tibet
Law of Tibet
Constitution of Tibet
Human rights in Tibet
LGBT rights in Tibet
Freedom of religion in Tibet
Government in exile
Central Tibetan Administration
Sikyong or Kalon Tripa
Parliament of the Central Tibetan Administration
National Democratic Party of Tibet
History of Tibet
List of rulers of Tibet
Neolithic Tibet
Zhangzhung
Pre-Imperial Tibet
Tibetan Empire
Sino-Tibetan relations during the Tang dynasty
Era of Fragmentation
Guge
Mongol conquest of Tibet
Tibet under Yuan rule
Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs
Imperial Preceptor
Dpon-chen
Phagmodrupa Dynasty
Rinpungpa
Tsangpa
Sino-Tibetan relations during the Ming dynasty
Ganden Phodrang
Tibet under Qing rule
Chinese expedition to Tibet (1720)
Lifan Yuan
Lhasa riot of 1750
Golden Urn
Chinese expedition to Tibet (1910)
Xinhai Lhasa turmoil
History of European exploration in Tibet
British expedition to Tibet
Tibet (1912–51)
Sino-Tibetan War
Qinghai–Tibet War
History of Tibet (1950–present)
Annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China
Battle of Chamdo
CIA Tibetan program
Protests and uprisings in Tibet since 1950
1959 Tibetan uprising
1987–89 Tibetan unrest
2008 Tibetan unrest
Self-immolation protests by Tibetans in China
Culture of Tibet
Tibetan Culture
Tibetan people
Cuisine of Tibet
Traditional Tibetan medicine
Tibetan calendar
Tibetan Festivals
Public holidays
Newspapers in Tibet
Sport in Tibet
Religion in Tibet
Religion in Tibet
Tibetan Buddhism
Tibetan Muslims
Bön
Art in Tibet
Tibetan art
Contemporary Tibetan art
Architecture of Tibet
Tibetan Buddhist architecture
World Heritage Sites in Tibet:
Potala Palace
Jokhang
Norbulingka
Tibetan-language films
Tibetan Literature
Music of Tibet
Pargo Kaling
National symbols of Tibet
Emblem of Tibet
Flag of Tibet
Tibetan National Anthem
Tibetan Uprising Day
Economy and infrastructure of Tibet
Economy of Tibet
Currency: Renminbi Yuan (de facto)
ISO 4217: CNY
Education in Tibet
Transport in Tibet
Airports in Tibet
Qingzang Railway
Roads in Tibet
See also
Tibet
Index of Tibet-related articles
List of international rankings
List of Tibet-related topics
Outline of Asia
Outline of China
Outline of geography
References
External links
Tibetan Studies Internet Resources
Tibet
Tibet
In the mythology of Tonga, Havea Hikuleo is the goddess of the world, Pulotu. The islands of Kao, Tofua, Hunga Haapai, Hunga Tonga, Late and Fonualei came from stones thrown down from the skies by Hikuleo. They are all volcanic islands. The other, (coral) islands were fished up by their brother or cousin Maui.
Mythology
Hikuleʻo's ancestors were, according to one source, the god Pil'e (Limu according to others) and the goddess Kele, who came from Pulotu and created the mythical land of Tongamamaʻo for their children to dwell in. They had a son Toiukamea "Hidden Iron" and a daughter Māʻimoaʻalōngona "Royal Game of Hearing" who married each other and had children. This pair seems to be a modern invention, since ukamea "iron" is a word that postdates European contact; other informants leave out this generation.
Among their children were many sons, the boy Taufulifonua and the girl Havea Lolofonua. One day they lay on the beach, naked, as they were still innocent, with their legs in the sea. The tide rose and the water covered them more and more. Then an oʻo ("penetrate") fish swam along and started to suck from the girl's labia, which caused them a lot of joy. Once the fish had been chased away the boy tried to gently stroke them inflicted parts but that did not give them relief. Then instead of their hand, they tried it with their penis, and suddenly the girl was consoled. So copulation was invented, and Havea Hikuleʻo was the first of many children.
Meanwhile, Taufulifonua and Havea Lolofonua's younger brother and sister, also twins, also married each other. They were named Fonuʻuta "Land Turtle" and Fonutahi "Sea Turtle" and their child was Maui (Maui Motuʻa, that is; if they were not the child of Taufulifonua and Havea Lolofonua themselves). And the next younger brother and sister, also twins who married each other, were Velesiʻi "Small Enticer" and Velelahi "Big Enticer", who brought forth Tangaloa (Tangaloa ʻEiki, that is).
When Taufulifonua had become old and close to death, they divided the universe: Tangaloa got the sky to rule, Maui the earth, and Havea Hikuleʻo became the lord of Pulotu.
Tangaloa's descendants would become later the (divine) Tuʻi Tonga starting with ʻAhoʻeitu. Maui's line became the Tuʻi Talau, while Hikuleʻo's offspring was Loʻau, and the ancestry of the Tuʻi Haʻatakalaua.
The historical interpretation of this triumvirate (Hikuleʻo, Maui, Tangaloa) may be a struggle to liberate Tonga from the dominance of the Tuʻi Pulotu empire in Fiji, after which the victors could divide the spoils. Or theoretically they could have been Sāmoans, which made would have made Tonga and Fiji part of the so-called Tuʻi Manuʻa empire. But without credible evidence or claim, it is still a mystery whether Tu'i Manu'a even existed or had power over the isles of Tonga, Fiji or any other.
In popular culture
Tongan American professional wrestler Taula Fifita performs under the ring name "HIKULEO".
See also
Saveasiʻuleo
Notes
However, u'amea in Sāmoan is also an archaic word for a type of lava (known in Hawai'i as ʻaʻā), from u'a ("viscous, glutinous") and mea ("red-brown," as in the color of the manumea, the "reddish-brown bird"). U'a was used in colonial times to refer to iron because it turns the same color ("mea") as it oxidizes.
References
E.W. Gifford, Tongan myths and tales, BPB Bulletin 8, 1924
I.F. Helu, Tohi vete, Atenisi, 2006
Tongan deities
Polynesian goddesses
Sir William Pym, KCH (1772 – 18 March 1861) was a British military surgeon.
Biography
The son of Joseph Pym of Pinley, near Henley-in-Arden, Warwickshire, and elder brother of Sir Samuel Pym, Pym was born in Edinburgh in 1772, and was educated at the University of Edinburgh. They entered the medical department of the army after a brief period of service in the Royal Navy, and was shortly afterwards ordered to the West Indies.
In 1794 they were appointed to a flank battalion commanded by Sir Eyre Coote, in the expedition under Sir Charles (later Earl) Grey which landed at Martinique in the early part of that year. They were present at the reduction of Martinique, Saint Lucia, and Guadeloupe. The force to which they were attached suffered great hardships, but remained healthy until the fall of Fort Matilda completed the surrender of Guadeloupe, when yellow fever broke out in the 35th and 70th regiments, then stationed at Saint-Pierre, Martinique. Pym was ordered to take medical charge through the outbreak, which lasted from 1794 to 1796, when it is estimated that nearly sixteen thousand troops died. Pym thus obtained an unparalleled knowledge of yellow fever.
Pym served in Sicily on their return from the West Indies, and in 1806 they were shipwrecked in the Athénienne between Sicily and Africa. In this wreck 349 persons perished out of a crew of 476, and the few survivors owed their safety in great measure to the activity and resources of Pym. They were transferred from Sicily to Malta, and afterwards to Gibraltar, where they acted as confidential medical adviser to the governor, the Duke of Kent. They were also appointed superintendent of quarantine. They became deputy inspector-general of army hospitals on 20 December 1810, and in the following year the Earl of Liverpool (the Prime Minister) sent them back to Malta as President of the Board of Health, a position they filled with conspicuous success. They returned to England in 1812 and lived in London, but in 1813 they volunteered to return to Malta once again, where the plague was raging. They were appointed Inspector-General of Army Hospitals on 25 September 1816.
In 1815 Pym published an account of yellow fever under the title of Observations upon Bulam Fever, proving it to be a highly contagious disease. This is the first clear account of the disease now known as yellow fever. In this work Pym maintains:
that it is a disease sui generis known by the name of African, yellow, or bulam fever, and is the 'vómito prieto' of the Spaniards, being attended with that peculiar and fatal symptom the 'black vomit';
that it is highly infectious;
that its infectious powers are increased by heat and destroyed by cold;
that it attacks natives of warm climates in a comparatively mild form;
that it has also a singular and peculiar character, attacking, as in a case of smallpox, the human frame only once.
The work excited violent opposition at the time, but it is now generally conceded that Pym's views are substantially correct. In Observations upon Bulam, Vómito-negro, or Yellow Fever (1848), which is practically a second edition of the previous work, Pym contends that the question is no longer one of contagion or non-contagion, as it was in 1815, but whether there are two different and distinct diseases — viz. the remittent and non-contagious, which prevails at all times on the coast of Africa; and the other, the bulam or vómito-negro fever, which only occasionally makes its appearance, and is highly contagious.
In 1826 Pym was made Superintendent-General of Quarantine, and, in that capacity, took every opportunity of relieving the existing stringency of the laws of quarantine. Their services were recognised in a treasury minute dated December 1855. They proceeded to Gibraltar in 1828 to control and superintend the quarantine arrangements during an outbreak of yellow fever.
Upon their return to England Pym was invested by William IV a Knight Bachelor in 1830 and a Knight Commander of the Royal Guelphic Order in 1831. Pym was a chairperson of the Central Board of Health during the cholera epidemic which attacked the United Kingdom in 1832, and for their services received a letter of thanks from the lords of the council. They died in their ninetieth year on 18 March 1861 at their house in Upper Harley Street, London.
Notes
References
1772 births
1861 deaths
Medical doctors from Edinburgh
18th-century British medical doctors
19th-century British medical doctors
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British Army regimental surgeons
British Army personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
Knights Bachelor
Military personnel from Edinburgh
Irene Keng (born March 9) is an American actor known for playing the role as Chunhua Lao in the legal comedy-drama television series Harry's Law and the role of Dongmei in the film Van Wilder: Freshman Year.
Career
Irene Keng studied acting and graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts. Born in California, Irene moved back to Los Angeles after graduating, where they continued to study acting. They were soon cast in independent films and as the principal role in television commercials for clients such as McDonald's, Sony, Walmart, and HTC. In 2019, Irene played Donna in the horror film The Curse of La Llorona.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Irene Keng on Instagram
DigitalSpy.com: 'Harry's Law' star hints at assault plot.
Deadline Hollywood: The Good Doctor': Hill Harper & Irene Keng Join ABC Medical Drama Pilot.
Irene Keng on The Generasian Show
21st-century American actores
American actores of Chinese descent
Actresses from Los Angeles
Living people
New York University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ronny Rieken (born 12 February 1968) is a German child murderer. In 1996 and 1998, they killed two girls in the area surrounding Cloppenburg, northern Germany. Rieken was the first German criminal to be caught as a result of mass DNA screening. In 1998, they were sentenced to life imprisonment, which they are serving at Justizvollzugsanstalt Celle.
Murders
On 11 June 1996, Rieken abducted 13-year-old Ulrike Everts from Jeddeloh II as they drove with their pony carriage at the Dortmunder Moorweg in Wardenburg. They abused them in a canal near Kampe, near a meat-processing factory where they had abused an 11-year-old five months earlier. Afterwards, they returned their garments to their one by one to put on, then strangled them with a diaper cloth and dumped their body 40 kilometres away in the Ipweger Moor. Them remains were found in July 1998.
On 16 March 1998, shortly after 5 PM, Rieken saw 11-year-old Christina Nytsch from Saterland, Cloppenburg, a few hundred yards from their parents' house, dragged them off their bicycle and drove them towards the Kampe canal, where they had raped and beaten Everts. When they refused to undress, they beat them and drove them to a forest near Lorup. There they forced them to undress before strangling them with a cable and stabbing the body several times with a knife. Six days later, hunters found Nytsch's body 20 kilometres from their home, barely covered up with branches and covered in hematomas. They had been raped a total of six times.
In the largest manhunt in German criminal history, 1,500 square kilometres were searched with the help of thousands of volunteers. The Bundeswehr had also supported the search, surveying with thermographic cameras from the air. Traces of Rieken's semen which were found on Nytsch's body linked them to the 1996 abuse of a 9-year-old. During Easter of 1998, as a result of a mass DNA screening, Rieken was arrested and convicted. Rieken agreed to the saliva test because their brother-in-law had suggested they should go. They were the first murderer in Germany to agree to a saliva test and be convicted, contributing significantly to the public and legal acceptance of this method. As early as April 1998, while the search for Rieken was still underway, the DNA analysis files, a composite application by the State Criminal Police Offices and the Federal Criminal Police Office, commenced operations.
Trial and imprisonment
In Rieken's trial before the jury, it was said that they had been abused by their father in their childhood. The presiding judge, who had already sentenced Rieken in 1989 for the rape of their sister, expressed doubts about their father's sexual abuse. Rieken had committed their first rape at the age of 19, on a girl from the neighborhood. At 21, they raped their sister, who was two years younger than they are. Rieken had choked them with a belt until they were unconscious in order to subsequently rape them twice without resistance from them
During their imprisonment for the rape of their sister, they did not receive a therapy but was treated only for alcoholism. Their original prison term of ten years had been reduced to five and a half years after they appealed the verdict. Because of good behaviour, Rieken was released after just three years. A few weeks later, they abused the daughter of their future brother-in-law.
The appeal lodged by Rieken against their last sentence was rejected in 1999 by the Federal Court of Justice.
The Oldenburg district court sentenced them to life imprisonment, resulting in a minimum detention of well over 15 years.  They are now serving their sentence at Celle Prison. In March 2012, it was found that Rieken had not worked up their deeds and therefore will not be released before 2021 at the earliest. On 9 May 2012, this decision was confirmed by the Celle Court, making it legally binding.
In prison
Rieken is a father of three and a former sailor. During their first prison term, they began an apprenticeship as a machinist, which they completed shortly after their premature release.
Reading
Heinrich Thies: Ronny Rieken. Porträt eines Kindermörders; Springe: zu Klampen, 2005;
Thomas Hombert: Der freiwillige genetische Massentest. Verfassungsrechtliche Zulässigkeit und Grenzen unter Darstellung des Falls Christina Nytsch; Göttingen, Univ., Diss., 2003; Göttingen: Cuvillier, 2003;
Documentary Film
Annette Baumeister, Jobst Knigge: Ronny Rieken – der Mädchenmörder. Die großen Kriminalfälle Radio Bremen, 2007
References
External links
Literature by and about Rieken in the catalog of the German National Library
Federal Court of Justice: Federal Court of Justice upholds verdict against Ronny Rieken, the murderer of Ulrike Everts and Christina Nytsch Press release No 81/1999 of 28 September 1999, published on 12 September 2016.
Murder trial against Ronny Rieken. Concussive details on the death of Christina and Ulrike. In: Rhein-Zeitung, dated 12 November 1998, accessed on 12 September 2016
Peter Brock: A solified tendency to the heaviest aggressive acts. The court considers the killer Ronny Rieken to be full accountable for their public defender demands therapy. In: Berliner Zeitung. 28 November 1998, accessed on 12 September 2016.
1968 births
20th-century German criminals
Criminals from Lower Saxony
German murderers of children
German rapists
German people convicted of murder
Fugitives
Fugitives wanted by Germany
Living people
People convicted of murder by Germany
People from Oldenburg (city)
This is a list of seasons completed by the North Dakota Fighting Hawks football team of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS). Since the team's creation in 1894, North Dakota has participated in more than 1,100 officially sanctioned games, holding an all-time record of 655–425–30 and one national championship, won in 2001 at the NCAA Division II level. The team was a charter member of the North Central Conference in 1922, remaining in the league until its dissolution in 2008. The Fighting Sioux then transitioned to the FCS, first joining the Great West Conference before moving to the Big Sky Conference in 2012. In 2020, North Dakota will move to the Missouri Valley Football Conference, joining old foes from the team's North Central days.
Seasons
References
North Dakota
North Dakota Fighting Hawks football seasons
The Angolan Handball SuperCup aka Supertaça Francisco de Almeida is an annual handball competition between the winners of the previous year's league champion and cup. In case the same team happens to win both the league and the cup, the match will be played between the league winner and the cup runner-up.
The Super Cup match marks the beginning of the handball season, followed by the league and the cup.
Angola Men's Handball SuperCup
Titles by team (Men)
Angola Women's Handball SuperCup
Titles by team (Women)
See also
Angola Handball Cup
Angola Men's Handball League
Angola Women's Handball League
Supertaça de Angola (football)
Supertaça de Angola (basketball)
Supertaça de Angola (roller hockey)
References
Handball competitions in Angola
2007 establishments in Angola
Ametroglossus ater is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Ametroglossus.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Donald Dowd (1923–2010) was a long-time campaign aide to the Kennedy family, including Senator Ted Kennedy. They were a member of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation, and worked there for almost 25 years. Richard Neal described Donald as a legendary figure, and recalled them as a great friend and mentor. Dowd was the retired vice president of public affairs for Coca-Cola in Boston.
In 1968, Donald Dowd worked on the Presidential campaign of Robert F. Kennedy, and was on the campaign trail with Kennedy when Kennedy was shot dead at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles on June 6, 1968. Dowd previously worked in President Kennedy's administration, in the Post Office Department.
Death
Dowd died on January 24, 2010, at the age of 87.
References
1923 births
2010 deaths
American businesspeople
Ercaicunia is genus of bivalved Cambrian arthropod from the Chengjiang biota of Yunnan, China. It contains a single species, E. multinodosa that was described by Luo et al. in 1999. Specimens were CT scanned in 2019, which revealed it to be a stem-group crustacean, and a close relative of Clypecaris and possibly hymenocarines.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Pancrustacea
Cambrian genus extinctions
was a private junior college in Nagasaki, Nagasaki, Japan. The predecessor of the school, a sewing school, was founded in 1892. It was chartered as a women's junior college in 1953 and became coeducational in 2007. it closed down in March 2012.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1892
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagasaki Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1892 establishments in Japan
Kevin Leon Beard (born January 20, 1981) is an American football coach and former player who most recently served as the wide receivers coach for University of Tennessee. They played college football at the University of Miami for Larry Coker, and afterward played professionally in the AF2 from 2005 to 2006, and in the Arena Football League in 2007. In 2015, Beard returned to Miami as the wide receivers coach.
High school years
Beard attended Plantation High School in Plantation, Florida and was a student and a standout in football and basketball. In football, as a junior, they made 50 receptions for 850 yards (17.00 yards per reception) and 15 touchdowns. As a senior, they were a first team All-Broward County selection, a second team All-State selection, and was named by the South Florida Sun-Sentinel as a Broward County co-Offensive Player of the Year. In basketball, as a senior, they were a second team All-State selection. Beard graduated from Plantation High School in 1999.
College years
Beard attended the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida from 1999 to 2003. After redshirting in 1999, they played mostly on special teams and as a reserve in 2000. During Miami's national championship season in 2001, they caught 25 passes for 409 yards, adding four catches for 41 yards in Miami's Rose Bowl win over Nebraska at the end of the season. They caught 23 passes for 262 yards and four touchdowns in 2002 before suffering a season ending knee injury. Beard was a captain of Miami's 11–2 2003 squad, contributing 19 catches for 249 yards and a touchdown. Beard's teammates at Miami included future Pro Bowl wide receivers Andre Johnson, Santana Moss, and Reggie Wayne.
Coaching career
Beard began their coaching career as the wide receivers coach at the University School in Davie, Florida, where they remained from 2010 to 2013. They were named assistant director of Football Operations at the University of Miami in August 2014. In 2015, they became Miami's wide receivers coach, though they were not retained by Miami's new head coach Mark Richt in 2016. Beard worked as a quality control assistant at Georgia during the 2016 season before accepting a job as wide receivers coach at Florida International in December of that year.
In February 2017, Beard was hired as the wide receivers coach at the University of Tennessee, reuniting with fellow former Miami staffer and interim coach Larry Scott, who had been hired as the Vols' offensive coordinator following the 2016 season.
References
1981 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Miami Hurricanes football players
Kansas City Brigade players
Chicago Rush players
People from Plantation, Florida
South Georgia Wildcats players
Spokane Shock players
Miami Hurricanes football coaches
FIU Panthers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
Players of American football from Fort Lauderdale, Florida
High school football coaches in Florida
Georgia Bulldogs football coaches
Toledo Rockets football coaches
Frederick Haig (23 April 1895 – 3 December 1948) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played one first-class match for Otago in 1919/20.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1895 births
1948 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Whanganui
Vicente María Camacho y Moya (June 8, 1886 − February 18, 1943) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood in December 5, 1909, Camacho y Moya was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tabasco, Mexico in 1930 and died in 1943 while still in office.
References
1886 births
1943 deaths
People from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Roman Catholic bishops of Tabasco
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Mexico
CEC may refer to:
Organisations
California Energy Commission, US
Canadian Electroacoustic Community
Center for Elephant Conservation, Florida, US
Charismatic Episcopal Church
China Enterprise Confederation
Citizens Electoral Council, a political party in Australia now known as Australian Citizens Party
Civil Engineer Corps, of the US Navy
City of Edinburgh Council
Commission for Environmental Cooperation, an intergovernmental environmental organization
Commonwealth Engineers Council, a network of professional Commonwealth engineering organisations
Conference of European Churches
Education
Association Citizens Educational Center, a non-profit organization in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Canadian Ecology Centre
Career Enrichment Center, an Albuquerque Public Schools Magnet High School, US
Cebu Eastern College, Cebu City, Philippines
Central European Convention, a subgroup of the International Association for the Exchange of Students for Technical Experience
Centro de Educación Continua at the National Polytechnic School, Quito, Ecuador
Chinese Education Center, an elementary school in San Francisco, California, US
Cobequid Educational Centre, a high school in Truro, Nova Scotia, Canada
College of Engineering Chengannur, Kerala, India
College of Engineering, Cherthala, Kerala, India
Cranbrook Educational Community, Detroit, US
Elections
Central Election Commission (Taiwan), for Taiwan
Central Election Commission (Ukraine), for Ukraine
Central Election Commission of the Russian Federation, for Russia
Central Election Committee, for India
Chief Election Commissioner of India
Central Elections Committee (Israel), for Israel
Companies
Career Education Corporation, a US postsecondary higher education provider
Caesars Entertainment Corporation, a US gaming corporation
CEC Bank, a Romanian bank
China Electronics Corporation, a Chinese telecom company
Chuck E. Cheese, a chain of American family entertainment center restaurants, a brand of CEC Entertainment
Clean Energy Collective, a US clean energy company
Community Education Centers, a former private for-profit prison company based in New Jersey, US
Continental Engineering Corporation, a Taiwanese Construction Company
Círculo de Escritores Cinematográficos, a private non-profit
Consolidated Engineering Corporation, a former private company for chemical instruments
Science and technology
Canadian Electrical Code
Cation-exchange capacity, in soil sciences
Circulating endothelial cell, endothelial cells that have been shed from the lining of the vascular wall into the blood stream
Consumer Electronics Control, a part of the HDMI interface specification
Cooperative Engagement Capability, a military target information sharing network
Other uses
Cambridge English Corpus, a text corpus of English language
Camouflage Europe Centrale, the standard camouflage pattern of the French military
Canadian Engineering Competition, of the Canadian Federation of Engineering Students
Certified Executive Chef, an American Culinary Federation (ACF) certification
Concordance Extraction Corporation, a fictional deep space mining company in the video game Dead Space
Consol Energy Center, an indoor arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US
Continuing Education Credit, a measure used in continuing education
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube, a Brazilian football club
IATA code "CEC" for Del Norte County Airport
IEEE Congress on Evolutionary Computation, a conference
See also
Commission of the European Communities (EC)
Mastax is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following 52 species:
Mastax albonotata Peringuey, 1885
Mastax alternans Basilewsky, 1959
Mastax annulata Andrewes, 1924
Mastax brittoni Quentin, 1952
Mastax burgeoni Liebke, 1934
Mastax carissima Bates, 1892
Mastax confusa Basilewsky, 1959
Mastax congoensis Basilewsky, 1987
Mastax elegantula Schmidt-Gobel, 1846
Mastax euanthes Andrewes, 1924
Mastax extrema Peringuey, 1896
Mastax florida Andrewes, 1924
Mastax formosana Dupuis, 1912
Mastax fortesculpta Basilewsky, 1988
Mastax fulvonotata Quentin, 1952
Mastax gestroi Bates, 1892
Mastax hargreavesi Liebke, 1931
Mastax histrio Fabricius, 1801
Mastax humilis Andrewes, 1936
Mastax kivuensis Basilewsky, 1959
Mastax klapperichi Jedlicka, 1956
Mastax kulti Basilewsky, 1949
Mastax laeviceps Bates, 1891
Mastax latefasciata Liebke, 1931
Mastax liebkei Burgeon, 1937
Mastax louwerensi Andrewes, 1936
Mastax moesta Schmidt-Goebel, 1846
Mastax nana Basilewsky, 1949
Mastax nepalensis Morvan, 1977
Mastax ochraceonotata Pic, 1912
Mastax okavango Basilewsky, 1988
Mastax ornata Schidt-Goebel, 1846
Mastax ornatella Boheman, 1848
Mastax pakistana Jedlicka, 1963
Mastax parreyssi Chaudoir, 1850
Mastax philippina Jedlicka, 1935
Mastax poecila Schaum, 1863
Mastax pulchella Dejean, 1831
Mastax pygmaea Andrewes, 1930
Mastax raffrayi Chaudoir, 1876
Mastax rawalpindi Jedlicka, 1963
Mastax royi Basilewsky, 1969
Mastax rugiceps Bates, 1892
Mastax saganicola G.Muller, 1942
Mastax senegalensis Liebke, 1934
Mastax striaticeps Chaudoir, 1876
Mastax subornatella Basilewsky, 1958
Mastax sudanica Basilewsky, 1959
Mastax tessmanni Liebke, 1934
Mastax thermarum Steven, 1806
Mastax tratorius Basilewsky, 1962
Mastax vegeta Andrewes, 1924
References
Brachininae
Adephaga genera
The 1926–27 Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey season was the 29th season of play for the program.
Season
Before the season began, Harvard made a decision to end their annual contests against Princeton. The two teams had played one another, often multiple times, every year since 1901 with exception of the 1918 campaign (due to World War I). The problem was that Princeton hadn't challenged for a league championship since before the War, which was also the last time they had beaten Harvard in the season series. Harvard was also able to fill the gap in their schedule with the return of Brown after a 20-year hiatus.
A bigger issue that Harvard had to contend with was a new rule limiting each team to just 12 players per game. While that didn't affect most programs, the Crimson had been routinely using many alternates during their games, resulting in 15 or more players in some contests. Regardless of the new limitations, Harvard began the season well. After a solid win over MIT the team played three games against Canadian colleges and finished with a split decision, a difficult task considering the quality of their opponents. Unfortunately, the team also lost sophomore forward Henry Crosby to appendicitis just before the second Toronto game.
After proving their international mettle, Harvard played its first ever western opponent when it hosted Notre Dame. The Crimson dominated the Irish 7–0 but little beyond that could be established from the game as Notre Dame wasn't a particularly strong team that season. Harvard avenged a loss from the year before with a hard-fought victory over Boston University then entered their showdown against Yale with a chance at another intercollegiate title. The Crimson offense overpowered the Elis in the first game, and after securing a season-series win over Dartmouth with a tie, Harvard finished the season at the newly-refurbished New Haven Arena. Harvard built a 2-goal lead and then played their typical stifling defense to earn a 2–1 win and finish the season undefeated against collegiate opponents.
A day after the victory, head coach Edward Bigelow announced that they were resigning from their position to devote themselves fully to their business career. Though their tenure was short, few could claim as much success as Bigelow did with two intercollegiate championships and a record of 25–8–2 (22–3–1 against collegiate opponents).
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
References
Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey seasons
Harvard Crimson
Harvard Crimson
1927 in sports in Massachusetts
1926 in sports in Massachusetts
John Bartlett (born John David Bartlett; 17 March 1948) is an Australian former tennis player who was a Davis Cup member and top ten player, in Australia in the 1970s.
Career
Their career highlights include winning the "All Japan Indoors" in 1969 and the Egyptian Open Doubles with John Marks and twice qualifying for the ATP World Doubles Finals. They also have wins over many top players including Arthur Ashe. Bartlett, a right-handed player, was an original member of the ATP and in the 1970s an action photo of them playing was included into the International Hall Of Fame in Newport, Rhode Island. Bartlett was also the first Yonex contract Professional. After retiring from their tennis career, Bartlett has involved themselves in the following ventures;
Bartlett headed up a program for the ATP in 1979 to introduce prize money into the qualifying events in Europe. Partnered by their wife, they organised over $100,000 in prize money by switching the qualifying events to other towns 50 km away. This has led to many ATP tournaments being formed. John Bartlett was also the SE Asian Manager and Australian director for Penn Racquet Sports.
Bartlett developed and distributed their own tennis ball "The Bartlett Tennis Ball" before encountering political difficulties with Tennis Australia. Bartlett currently is working as tennis analyst for SEN Sports Radio Melbourne and also headed up their live commentary team for the 2011 Australian Open.
Career finals
Doubles (1 win)
Junior Grand Slam titles
Doubles: 1
External links
1948 births
Living people
Australian businesspeople
Australian male tennis players
Australian radio personalities
Australian tennis commentators
Sportspeople from Wollongong
Tennis people from New South Wales
VLB may refer to:
Science and technology
VESA Local Bus, a local bus based on the Intel 80486 CPU
Very large board, a large printed circuit board
Vincaleukoblastine, or vinblastine, an antitumor alkaloid
Other uses
VLB Berlin (Versuch- u. Lehranstalt für Brauerei in Berlin), a brewing school and trade organization in Berlin
Volunteer Life Brigade, the forerunners of today Auxiliary Coastguard in the United Kingdom
Ulu Pandan Bus Depot is the fourth bus depot to be built by the Land Transport Authority in Singapore. The depot is intended to accommodate the growing bus fleet over the next few years, under the Bus Service Enhancement Programme and Bus Contracting Model. The depot is bordered by Sungei Pandan, Sungei Ulu Pandan and Boon Lay Way, with Business Park Drive separating the depot complex, with the open-air bus park to the west of the road and the main depot building to the east of the road.
Phase 1, an open-air bus park to the west of Business Park Drive, is in operational since its completion in early 2017. SMRT Buses is temporarily using it to park buses overnight, as with the pre-handing over stages of the depot in line with other BCM bus depots, such as Bulim and Loyang bus depots.
Phase 2 is the main depot building, complete with offices and facilities for day-to-day bus operations, located to the east of Business Park Drive.
The depot is scheduled to be completed by 1st Quarter 2018, and it will be equipped with facilities for daily bus operations, bus repair/ maintenance, bus parking, offices, rest areas for bus drivers and canteen, being able to accommodate about 500 buses. The depot was officially opened by Minister for Transport Khaw Boon Wan on 27 October that year.
History
Contract RD300 for the design and construction of Ulu Pandan Depot was awarded to Tiong Seng Contractors Pte Ltd for roughly S$70 million. The bus depot spans 8.3 ha and was designed to accommodate about 500 buses. As it is located in close proximity to office developments in the area, the depot will likely be built with a noise barrier wall along its perimeter.
When fully completed in Q1 of 2018, the bus depot will be handed over to the successful tenderer of the Bukit Merah Bus Package, a group of 18 bus services which SBS Transit will be operating up till 1 September 2018. The depot would be handed over to the SBS Transit for outfitting and preparatory works before operations commenced on 18 November that year.
References
Bus garages
Bus stations in Singapore
2018 establishments in Singapore
Haydi Şimdi Gel is the tenth Turkey's first album which had Turkish Arabesque Music mixed with Turkish Pop Music. The album, released in 1993, sold 3 million copies.
Track listing
"Bizi Kimse Ayıramaz"
"Di Gel Kiz Gel"
"Gitme Sevgilim"
"Haram Geceler"
"Haydi Şimdi Gel"
"Tik Tak"
"Töre"
"Yaz Gazeteci"
"Ye Kürküm"
"Yüreğimde Bir Ateş"
"Zor Gelir"
1993 albums
Emrah (singer) albums
is a semi-dwarf wheat cultivar with very large ears that was bred by at an experimental station in Iwate Prefecture, Japan. Its parents were a semi-dwarf Japanese landrace that may have originated in Korea in the 3rd or 4th century AD, and two varieties from the USA. In 1935 it was registered as a numbered cultivar by the Japanese Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry .
Norin 10 grew to just two feet (60 - 100 cm) tall, instead of the usual four (150 cm). It provided two genes, Rht1 and Rht2, that resulted in reduced-height wheats, thus allowing better nutrient uptake and tillage, since when heavily fertilised with nitrogen, tall varieties grow too high, become top-heavy, and lodge.
The Rht1 and Rht2 genes have been used in wheat breeding programmes worldwide to provide shorter plants with higher yields. Cecil Salmon, a biologist and wheat expert on General Douglas MacArthur's team in Japan after 1945, collected 16 varieties of wheat including Norin 10. They sent these seeds to Orville Vogel at Washington State University and they were used within USA breeding programmes in the 1950s. Norin 10 was also provided to the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center in Mexico. It was used here by Norman Borlaug and collaborators in crosses with local varieties to produce dwarf varieties that were also daylight-insensitive and had resistance to rust disease. These were subsequently distributed worldwide. These included high-output varieties tested in India (Lerma Rojo 64 and Sonora 64) during the Green Revolution.
Norin 10 helped developing countries, such as India and Pakistan, to increase the productivity of their crops by approximately 60% during the Green Revolution.
See also
Biodiversity
Monkombu Sambasivan Swaminathan
References
External links
Rht1 gene
Ears of plenty: The story of wheat, The Economist, December 20, 2005
Wheat cultivars
The Century Club of San Diego is a San Diego-based charitable organization, established in July 1961. They are the organizers of the annual Farmers Insurance Open, an annual PGA Tour golf tournament at Torrey Pines Golf Course in San Diego solely for charitable purposes. The proceeds of the Farmers Insurance Open often go to the Monarch School, although in 2011 they reported to have donated over $1.3 million to over 200 charities. The Century Club are also major fundraisers of the San Diego County Junior Golf Association, investing in San Diego golf education.
The club has its origins in the organizers of the San Diego Open who were looking to broaden their support base beyond corporate sponsors San Diego County Chevrolet Dealers Association and Convair. Wickes Furniture and Andy Williams collaborated and established the Wicks/Andy Williams San Diego Open in late 1967-early 1968. In 1983, Isuzu Motors and Williams began sponsoring the tournament and from 1986-1991, Shearson Lehman Brothers were the sponsors. In 1992, Buick Motor Division became the official sponsor of the tournament until 2009 when the Farmers Insurance Group became its official sponsor. As of November 2011, The Century Club of San Diego has 56 Active members, 9 Provisional members, 8 Associate members and 28 Honorary Members.
References
External links
Organizations based in San Diego
Golf in California
1961 establishments in California
is a Japanese television drama series, the 92nd Asadora (morning drama) that was broadcast daily on NHK from March 30, 2015, until September 26, 2015, the same as 2009's Asadora series Tsubasa. It is about a young woman from the Noto Peninsula who wants to become a patissier. Tao Tsuchiya, who appeared in the Asadora Hanako to Anne, was cast in the lead role after an audition of 2020 women.
Plot
At age ten, Mare Tsumura has decided they have no need for big dreams—she will just live their life step by step, day by day. Them father Tōru has had nothing but big dreams, each of which has ended in failure, causing their family to flee their debts in Tokyo by escaping to a small seaside town in the Noto Peninsula. They are not welcome at first, especially as Tōru keeps on messing things up, but the family finally finds a place to live at the Okesaku's (Fumi and their husband Ganji, who produces salt from seawater), and Mare makes friends with the kids their age. By the time Mare is 17, Tōru has long since disappeared. Mare is a great helper, but is set on living a safe life by working at city hall. They run into Keita, a boy whom they helped when they first arrived in Noto but who moved away, and grows to like him. But when they confess their love for her, they react badly to their declaration that they will become the world's best lacquerware artist. They cannot handle such big dreams. Toru eventually returns to Noto and is forgiven by their wife Aiko. Mare recalls their childhood memory of eating a delicious birthday cake and wanting to become a pastry chef, and after hearing their friend Ichiko's plans to become an idol, decides to give it one last try by entering a cake contest. They fail miserably, and is roundly criticized by the expert judge. Resolving to give up their dream, they try to confess their feelings for Keita, only to find out he's now going out with Ichiko. Mare starts working at city hall, with Keita's father as their section chief. Them job is to help people thinking to move to Noto, but runs into many problems, including an agent who secretly steals information about lacquerware and gets Keita into trouble. Mare's family is also in trouble when the Okesaku's son suddenly returns to declare they want to take over the place and start a cafe. They withdraw, however, when it is clear that the Tsumuras are as much family to their parents as they are. Things change for Mare when Aiko's mother suddenly appears for the first time since Aiko's marriage. Aiko resents her, thinking they abandoned them in order to make a famous patissier in France. Mare helps mend their relationship and finally decides to themselves become a patissier under pressure from their grandmother.
Mare leaves for Yokohama to train at the pastry shop that made the cake they liked as a child.  They are accepted, but then quits when they find the cake does not taste like it used to. They walk around testing the cakes of many shops, but when they stop by the Chinese restaurant where their old schoolmate Takashi works while trying to become a musician, they taste the cake they remember. It is a product of Ma Chèrie Chou Chou, a shop run by acerbic chef Daigo Ikehata, who constantly closes the shop when things go wrong—the chef who happened to be expert judge who bawled out Mare. Even though they have no experience, Mare convinces them to take them on for a test period of one month. They bed in the dorm where the other employees—Kazuya and Tōko—stay, which happens to be above the Chinese restaurant, and which happens to be run by Daigo's eccentric wife Rinko. Them first night there they are even kissed by Daigo's carefree—but drunk—son Daisuke. Trouble arrives when Daigo's special Christmas cake recipe is stolen and they again close the shop. When Mare suggests they and the staff help think of a new recipe—an insult to the elite chef—Daigo challenges them to do that or get fired. Mare thinks up a recipe that uses Noto ingredients—including Genji's salt) and lets Kazuya present it, since it turns out they were the one to lose the recipe. Daigo hates the cake but is intrigued enough by the ingredients to create a new cake for Christmas. Instead of praising Mare, however, they fire them since a real chef never shares a recipe.
Cast
Tao Tsuchiya as Mare Tsumura
Yō Ōizumi as Tōru Tsumura, Mare's father
Takako Tokiwa as Aiko Tsumura, Mare's mother
Shōno Hayama as Ittetsu Tsumura, Mare's brother
Min Tanaka as Kanji Okesaku
Yūko Tanaka as Fumi Okesaku, their wife
Atsuo Nakamura as Yatarō Kontani, a lacquerware craftsman
Itsuji Itao as Hiroyuki Kontani, Yataro's son and a public servant
Kento Yamazaki as Keita Kontani, Hiroyuki's son and Mare's classmate and Mare's Husband
Eisuke Sasai as Kōichi Kuramoto, a hairdresser
Sawa Suzuki as Hana Kuramoto, their wife
Fumika Shimizu as Ichiko Kuramoto, their daughter and Mare's classmate
Guts Ishimatsu as Shin'ichirō Kado, a fisherman
Yuta Takahata as Yōichiro Kado, their son and Mare's classmate
Muga Tsukaji as Makoto Teraoka, a mail carrier
Eri Fuse as Kumi Teraoka, their wife
Seiji Rokkaku as Anzai
Mugi Kadowaki as Minori Teraoka, their daughter and Mare's classmate
Daichi Watanabe as Takashi Futaki, Mare's classmate
Fumiyo Kohinata as Daigo Ikehata, an expert patissier
Ryō as Rinko Ikehata, a Chinese restaurateur
Yūya Yagira as Daisuke Ikehata, their son
Yurika Nakamura as Minami Ikehata, their daughter
Kaoru Mitsumune as Yukari Adachi
References
External links
2015 Japanese television series debuts
Asadora
2015 Japanese television series endings
Live-action shows scored by Hiroyuki Sawano
Television shows written by Eriko Shinozaki
Television shows set in Yokohama
Dorothy Bell Lawrence (September 14, 1911 – May 1973) was an American politician from New York.
Life
They were born Dorothy Fleming Bell on September 14, 1911, in Augusta, Georgia, the daughter of Harry Rushton Bell. They graduated from Augusta Training School for Teachers and then taught school in Augusta. They married Stillson Freeman Lawrence (died 1957), and they had one son.
They entered politics as a Republican. From 1941 to 1943, they were Congressional Secretary to Congressman William T. Pheiffer. They were an alternate delegate to the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Republican National Conventions.
Dorothy Bell Lawrence was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 8th D.) from 1959 to 1963, sitting in the 172nd, 173rd and 174th New York State Legislatures. In November 1961, they ran for Borough President of Manhattan but was defeated by the Democratic incumbent Edward R. Dudley. On May 2, 1963, they were appointed to the New York State Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board. In 1966, they were appointed to the New York State Commission for Human Rights.
They died in May 1973.
Sources
1911 births
1973 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
People from Manhattan
New York (state) Republicans
Women state legislators in New York (state)
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
Krzysztof Soszyński (; born August 2, 1977) is a Polish–Canadian actor and retired mixed martial artist. An 11-year competitor from 2003 until 2014, Soszynski fought in the UFC, Strikeforce, the Los Angeles Anacondas of the IFL, and was a contestant on The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs. Team Mir.
Background
Soszynski was born in Stalowa Wola, Poland, where they were raised until the age of ten, when their family moved to Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Soszynski played football and soccer for Maples Collegiate, but later turned to weight training at the age of 16 before transitioning into bodybuilding and later professional wrestling. During their brief career in professional wrestling, which they began at the age of 21 and ended at the age of 25, Soszynski learned various judo techniques as well as submissions from fellow professional wrestler Bad News Brown, a bronze medalist in Judo at the 1976 Olympic games. After this, Soszynski began to pursue a career in mixed martial arts and also trained in Brazilian jiu-jitsu under black belt and gym owner, Rodrigo Munduruca, in Winnipeg. Soszynski also worked as a houseman at the Fairmont Winnipeg Hotel and as a promoter of local MMA events in Manitoba.
Mixed martial arts career
The Ultimate Fighter
Soszynski entered The Ultimate Fighter, where they defeated Mike Stewart and Kyle Kingsbury on the way to the semifinals, where they lost to Brazilian jiu-jitsu specialist Vinny Magalhaes.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Soszynski made their debut against former Ultimate Fighter castmate Shane Primm, whom they defeated by submission due to a kimura. It was awarded Submission of the Night.
Their second fight was at UFC 97 where Soszynski again utilized the kimura to win their second consecutive Submission of the Night award by forcing former WEC Light heavyweight Champion Brian Stann to tap to the hold.
Soszynski next stepped in as a late replacement for Houston Alexander at UFC 98, knocking out Andre Gusmão at 3:17 in the first round.
Soszynski then stepped in as a replacement for an injured Matt Hamill to fight Brandon Vera at UFC 102 in Portland, Oregon. Soszynski lost via unanimous decision, bringing their UFC record down to 3–1.
Soszynski next faced Stephan Bonnar on February 21, 2010 at UFC 110. Soszynski was victorious via third-round TKO due to a cut, though the victory was shadowed by an accidental headbutt that caused the cut, creating controversy over the victory. The New South Wales Sports Combat Authority overlooked the fight which could have resulted in the decision being overturned, depending on the judges' scorecards after round two. However, they ruled against overturning the decision. Both fighters stated that there was the need for a rematch.
Their wish was later granted as the two had their rematch at UFC 116. In a close stand up battle, Soszynski got caught by a knee from Bonnar in the second round and lost via TKO after taking several unanswered punches. The fight was awarded Fight of the Night alongside the Leben/Akiyama fight, giving all the fighters an extra $75,000 to their pay.
Soszynski faced Goran Reljic on November 13, 2010 at UFC 122. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Soszynski was scheduled to face Anthony Perosh on June 11, 2011 at UFC 131. However, Perosh was forced from the bout with an injury and replaced by Igor Pokrajac. Pokrajac was also injured and replaced by returning UFC veteran Mike Massenzio. They defeated Massenzio via unanimous decision (30–27, 30–26, and 30–27).
Soszynski/Pokrajac took place on December 10, 2011 at UFC 140. Soszynski was staggered early on with a straight right from Pokrajac, who followed them to the ground where they landed several shots that finished Soszynski off, resulting in a KO loss. Soszynski was unresponsive for a few minutes after the fight. In a video blog by Dana White, president of the UFC, leading up to UFC 141, there was footage of Soszynski following their loss to Pokrajac and was seen claiming that they are retiring from MMA. Later, they claimed they have no memory of what occurred in the video and says their future in MMA fighting will be dependent upon what their doctors say.
On August 15, 2014, Krzysztof announced their retirement from MMA competition on Inside MMA, citing memory problems that began occurring after their last fight.
Film career
Aside from their appearance on The Ultimate Fighter TV show, Soszynski had a small uncredited role in an episode of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation entitled "S.F.C. - Cage Fighter".
Soszynski made an appearance in the movie Here Comes the Boom as a top MMA fighter in the UFC by the name of Ken "The Executioner" Dietrich. They then landed a major role in the movie Tapped Out (2014). They starred as Alpha in the 2016 Daylight's End. Soszynski had a role in the 2017 movie Logan.
Personal life
Soszynski is married and has a son from a previous relationship.
Soszynski initially worked as a coach at UFC Gym Torrance, and is currently the Director of MMA and Fitness for UFC Gym Middle East.
Soszynski has also been acting as a color commentator of Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki as of 2020.
Championships and achievements
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Submission of the Night (Two times) vs. Shane Primm, Brian Stann
Fight of the Night (One time) vs. Stephan Bonnar
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 26–12–1
| Igor Pokrajac
| KO (punches)
| UFC 140
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:35
| Toronto, Ontario, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 26–11–1
| Mike Massenzio
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 131
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 25–11–1
| Goran Reljic
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 122
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Oberhausen, Germany
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 24–11–1
| Stephan Bonnar
| TKO (knee and punches)
| UFC 116
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:08
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
| |
|-
| Win
| align=center| 24–10–1
| Stephan Bonnar
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| UFC 110
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 1:04
| Sydney, Australia
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 23–10–1
| Brandon Vera
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 102
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Portland, Oregon, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 23–9–1
| André Gusmão
| KO (punches)
| UFC 98
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:17
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 22–9–1
| Brian Stann
| Submission (kimura)
| UFC 97
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:53
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 21–9–1
| Shane Primm
| Submission (kimura)
| The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs. Team Mir Finale
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:27
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20–9–1
| Marcus Hicks
| Submission (kimura)
| UCW 11: Hell in the Cage
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 19–9–1
| Alex Andrade
| DQ (low blows)
| Ring of Combat 18
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:46
| New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 18–9–1
| Robert Villegas
| DQ (refusal to fight)
| HDNet Fights: Reckless Abandon
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:15
| Texas, United States
|Return to Light Heavyweight.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–9–1
| Ben Rothwell
| TKO (punches)
| IFL: 2007 Semifinals
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:13
| New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 17–8–1
| Reese Andy
| Decision (split)
| IFL: Everett
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:00
| Everett, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 17–7–1
| Dan Christison
| Decision (unanimous)
| IFL: Los Angeles
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:00
| California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 16–7–1
| Mike Whitehead
| Decision (unanimous)
| IFL: Championship Final
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 4:00
| Connecticut, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–6–1
| Devin Cole
| Submission (armbar)
| IFL: World Championship Semifinals
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:14
| Oregon, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–6–1
| Icho Larenas
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| TKO 27: Reincarnation
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 0:00
| Montreal, Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–6–1
| Tom Howard
| TKO (punches)
| IFL: Portland
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:47
| Portland, Oregon, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–6–1
| Yan Pellerin
| Submission (kimura)
| TKO 26: Heatwave
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:30
| Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 12–6–1
| Ben Rothwell
| TKO (punches)
| IFL: Legends Championship 2006
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:59
| New Jersey, United States
|
|-
| Draw
| align=center| 12–5–1
| Mike Kyle
| Technical Draw
| Strikeforce: Shamrock vs. Gracie
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:02
| California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 12–5
| Brian Schall
| TKO (punches)
| TKO 24: Eruption
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Quebec, Canada
|Return to Heavyweight.
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 12–4
| Martin Desilets
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| TKO 23: Extreme
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 1:30
| Quebec, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 12–3
| Matt Horwich
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Freedom Fight: Canada vs. USA
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 0:52
| Quebec, Canada
|Light Heavyweight debut.
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–2
| Ron Fields
| Submission (armbar)
| UCW 2: Caged Inferno
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:25
| Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 11–2
| Jason Day
| TKO (punches)
| RR 8: Roadhouse Rumble 8
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:08
| Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 10–2
| Troy Hadley
| TKO (punches)
| NFA: Super Brawl
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| North Dakota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 9–2
| Chris Thiel
| KO (punches)
| Ultimate Cage Wars 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 8–2
| Wyatt Lewis
| KO (punches)
| RITR 1: Rage in the Ring 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–2
| Lee Mein
| TKO (submission to punches)
| WFF 7: Professional Shooto
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 2:06
| Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–2
| Chris Tuchscherer
| Decision (unanimous)
| NFA: Moorhead
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Minnesota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–1
| Dennis Stull
| TKO (punches)
| ICC: Trials 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Minnesota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Jack Burton
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| ICC: Trials 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Minnesota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–1
| Matt Lafromboise
| TKO (submission to punches)
| DFC 1: Dakota Fighting Championships 1
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:14
| North Dakota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–1
| Kyle Olsen
| Submission (exhaustion)
| NFA: Best Damn Fights
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:55
| North Dakota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Ben Konecnec
| TKO (punches)
| IFA: Ultimate Trials
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:26
| Iowa, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–1
| Jason Day
| Decision (unanimous)
| RR 8: Roadhouse Rumble 8
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 5:00
| Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Matt Lafromboise
| TKO (submission to punches)
| Absolute Ada Fights 4
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:23
| Minnesota, United States
|
References
External links
Official UFC Profile
1977 births
Living people
Polish male mixed martial artists
Canadian male mixed martial artists
Light heavyweight mixed martial artists
Heavyweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Polish practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Canadian practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People from Stalowa Wola
Polish emigrants to Canada
Polish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Sportspeople from Temecula, California
Sportspeople from Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
The Jonas Salisbury House is a historic house at 85 Langley Road in Newton, Massachusetts. The -story Greek Revival house was built in 1847, and is particularly significant because its original construction contract has survived. The house was built by Henry Fuller for Jonas Salisbury, a local landowner, at a cost of $2,630. Salisbury sold the house in 1853 for $4,000; it is unclear whether they ever lived in the house.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
Jonas Salisbury House (62 Walnut Park), a probably Salisbury residence
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton, Massachusetts
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Newton, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1847
Greek Revival architecture in Massachusetts
Vladimir Nikolayevich Sakharov () (born February 5, 1948, in Palatka, Russia) is a retired Soviet football player.
Honours
Soviet Top League winner: 1976 (autumn).
International career
Sakharov made their debut for USSR on October 12, 1975, in a UEFA Euro 1976 qualifier against Switzerland (USSR did not qualify for the final tournament).
References
External links
Profile
1948 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
Soviet Top League players
PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
Association football midfielders
FC Dinamo Minsk players
Agroeca brunnea is a species of spider in the family Liocranidae. It is found in the Palearctic realm and was first described by John Blackwall in 1833.
The distinctive egg sacs are known colloquially as 'fairy lamps' and the spider itself is sometimes called the 'fairy lamp spider'.
Gallery
References
Corinnidae
Spiders described in 1833
Palearctic spiders
Bonaventura Bottone (born 19 September 1950 in London) is an operatic tenor who has performed at many of the world's leading opera houses. They trained at the Royal Academy of Music in London. The Academy awarded them a Fellowship in 1998.  They are described by the New Grove Dictionary of Opera as "a superb actor with a strong, lyrical voice" who "excels in comic roles".
Early career
Bonaventura Bottone made their professional debut as Count Almaviva in The Barber of Seville with Welsh National Opera in 1973. They subsequently sang Arturo in Lucia di Lammermoor in Belfast, a Servant in Richard Strauss's Capriccio with Glyndebourne Festival Opera and Bardolfo in Verdi's Falstaff for Glyndebourne Touring Opera in 1976. They appeared at the Wexford Festival for three consecutive seasons (1977–1979) in Smetana's The Two Widows, Luigi and Federico Ricci's Crispino e la comare and Montemezzi's L'amore dei tre re.
English National Opera
Bonaventura Bottone has enjoyed a long and creatively rich partnership with English National Opera. They have created more than twenty roles with the company in diverse repertoire. Their roles with the company include: Puccini's Rodolfo (La bohème), Luigi (Il tabarro), Pinkerton (Madama Butterfly); Verdi's Duke of Mantua (Rigoletto); Weill's Sam Kaplan (Street Scene); Gilbert and Sullivan's Nanki-Poo (The Mikado); Offenbach's Mercury (Orphée aux enfers) and Menelaus (La Belle Helene); Berlioz' Faust (La Damnation de Faust) and Tchaikovsky's Lensky (Eugene Onegin).
Royal Opera House Covent Garden
Bottone's appearances at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden include: Der Rosenkavalier (Italian Singer); Die Fledermaus (Alfred); Les Huguenots (Raoul); Otello (Cassio); Il viaggio a Reims (Count Libenskof); Capriccio (Italian Singer); Sweeney Todd (Pirelli), L'heure espagnole (Torquemade), La fanciulla del West (Nick), Adriana Lecouvreur (Abbé de Chazeuil) and Le Nozze di Figaro (Don Basilio). They also took part in Dame Joan Sutherland's farewell appearance at Covent Garden.
Career in Britain
Bottone has also sung with: Welsh National Opera, where their roles have included Turridu (Cavalleria rusticana) and Le comte Ory; Opera North, where their roles have included Vana (Katya Kabanova), Pedrillo (Die Entführung aus dem Serail) and Nemorino (L'elisir d'amore); and Scottish Opera, where their roles have included Jack (The Midsummer Marriage), Narraboth (Salome) and Loge (Das Rheingold). For Glyndebourne Festival Opera, they have sung Alfred (Die Fledermaus), the Italian Tenor (Capriccio) and Tzar Berendey (The Snow Maiden).
Career in Europe
Bonaventura Bottone's European engagements include: Die Fledermaus (Alfred) at the Opéra National de Paris Bastille; Der Rosenkavalier (Italian Singer) and Die Fledermaus (Alfred) at the Bayerische Staatsoper München; and The Mikado (Nanki-Poo) at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice.
Career in North America
Bonaventura Bottone's North American engagements include: Capriccio (Italian Singer) and Andrea Chénier (Incredibile) at the Metropolitan Opera; Capriccio (Italian Tenor), Die Fledermaus (Alfred), Das Rheingold (Loge) and Sweeney Todd (Pirelli) at the Lyric Opera of Chicago; and Die Entführung aus dem Serail (Pedrillo) at Houston Grand Opera. In 2008, they were selected by Plácido Domingo and James Conlon to recreate the role of Licht in the forgotten Viktor Ullmann opera Der zerbrochene Krug (The Broken Jug) (Kleist).
Roles
Four major roles amongst Bonaventura Bottone's wide repertoire have brought them international recognition and acclaim:
Loge – Bottone first performed the role of the fire god in Wagner's Das Rheingold in Richard Jones' ground-breaking production for Scottish Opera. Writing in the New Grove Dictionary of Opera, Elizabeth Forbes described their performance as magnificent. Bottone revived the role for the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 2004 and 2005, receiving critical acclaim from the Associated Press/The New York Times, the Chicago Tribune and the Chicago Sun-Sentinel.
Alfred – The amorous tenor from Strauss' 1874 comic opera Die Fledermaus has taken Bottone to houses as diverse as the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden (DVD available) Die Fledermaus, the Bayerische Staatsoper, the Opéra de Paris, Glyndebourne, Santiago de Chile and the Lyric Opera of Chicago.  They are renowned for their arch, perfectly timed performance as the ageing roue.
Nanki-Poo – Bottone performed 98 performances as the 'amorous second trombone' and son of the Mikado in the renowned Jonathan Miller production for English National Opera. The production is available both as an audio recording The Mikado, Highlights and as a DVD The Mikado.
Captain/Governor/Vanderdendur/Ragotski – Leonard Bernstein edited their original score of Candide for Scottish Opera, performed at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow in 1988. The four portmanteau roles provide a villainous thread, a continual frustration to Candide's advancement. The roles were re-written specifically for Bottone. They have performed the roles at the Royal Festival Hall, La Scala Milan and the English National Opera to critical acclaim.
Concert performances
Bonaventura Bottone has an extensive concert repertoire, which has taken them to many of the world's leading concert halls. They have sung with numerous prominent international conductors, including: Richard Bonynge, Sir Andrew Davis, Jacques Delacote, Sir Edward Downes, Sir Mark Elder, Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos, Bernard Haitink KBE CH, Richard Hickox, Vladimir Jurowski, James Levine, Sir Charles Mackerras, Sir Neville Marriner, Carlo Rizzi and Jeffrey Tate.
Vocal range
Bottone's vocal range is from C below middle C to D in Alt.
Current activities
Bottone is unusual amongst modern-day tenors in retaining much of their original repertoire into their seventh decade. To this has been added a wide range of character repertoire, such as Loge (Das Rheingold), Benda (The Jacobin), Torquemade (L'heure espagnole), Nick (La fanciulla del West), Tzar Berendey (Snow Maiden), Don Ottavio (Don Giovanni).
In September 2016, Bottone opened the Sarratt Festival of Music.  They are a Patron of Bampton Classical Opera and led the jury for the company's Young Singers' Competition in 2019.
Discography
Bernstein Candide Audio CD (31 Dec 1993) Label: TER ASIN: B000003QTI
Boulanger Vocal and Choral Works Audio CD (1 Oct 1999) Label: Chandos ASIN: B00000JWIU
Cilea Adriana Lecouvreur DVD (2010 ROH) Label: Decca Music Group Limited 074 3459 DH2
Donizetti Lucia di Lammermoor Audio CD (1 Oct 1999) Label: EMI ASIN: B00000DOC6
Forrest Kismet Audio CD (16 April 1995) Label: Madacy ASIN: B000000KAF
Forrest Kismet Audio CD (24 Sep 2007) Label: Golden Operetta Highlights ASIN: B000025HZ3
Gilbert and Sullivan The Mikado Audio CD (22 Jan 2001) Label: TER ASIN: B000025HY6
Gilbert and Sullivan The Mikado Audio CD (24 Nov 2008) Label: TER ASIN: B000025HXV
Gilbert and Sullivan The Best of Gilbert and Sullivan Audio CD (16 April 1995) Label: Madacy ASIN: B000000KAL
Offenbach Orpheus in the Underworld Audio CD (24 Sep 2007) Label: Golden Operetta Highlights ASIN: B000025HXC
Romberg The Student Prince Audio CD (30 Jul 2001) Label: TER ASIN: B000003QTM
Sondheim A Little Night Music Audio CD (1990 Jay Productions Ltd) Label: TER 1179
Strauss, Johann Die Fledermaus DVD (19 December 2000) Studio: Image Entertainment ASIN: B00004Z4VP
Tippett The Ice Break Audio CD (1 Nov 1991) Label: Virgin Classics ASIN: B000027KNF
Ullmann Der zerbrochene Krug DVD (March 2008 Los Angeles Opera) Label: Arthaus Music 101 527
Vaughan Williams Hugh the Drover Audio CD (27 Sep 1994) Label: Hyperion ASIN: B000002ZYJ
Verdi Otello Audio CD (10 Sep 2001) Label: Chandos ASIN: B00005OBRW
Weill Street Scene Audio CD (30 Jul 2001) Label: Classics ASIN: B000025HXK
Various An Evening of Operetta Audio CD (1 Jan 1991) Label: Koch ASIN: B000023YW8
various All-Star Tenors Salute The World Audio CD (1990 Jay Productions Ltd/1994 Sony Music Entertainment Inc) MFK 64 394
References
Operatic tenors
English opera singers
Living people
Singers from London
English people of Italian descent
1950 births
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Coffs Harbour High School is a government-funded co-educational comprehensive secondary day school, located in Coffs Harbour, in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Established in 1938, the school enrolled approximately 1,000 students in 2018, from Year 7 to Year 12, including nine percent of students who identified as Indigenous Australians and fifteen percent who were from a language background other than English. The school is operated by the NSW Department of Education; the principal is Peter South.
Notable alumni
Bob Browna former Australian politician, medical doctor, and environmentalist
Mark McGowan30th Premier of Western Australia
See also
List of government schools in New South Wales
List of schools in Northern Rivers and Mid North Coast
Education in Australia
Coffs Harbour Senior College
References
External links
NSW Schools website
Public high schools in New South Wales
Education in Coffs Harbour
1938 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1938
Ivan Sproule (born 18 February 1981) is a Northern Irish retired professional footballer who was most recently manager of NIFL Championship side Dergview. Early in their career, Sproule played in Northern Ireland for Omagh Town and Institute. They became a full-time professional in January 2005, after they signed for Scottish Premier League side Hibernian, just a month before their 24th birthday. They made a significant impact at Hibernian, scoring a hat-trick against Rangers and earning selection by the Northern Ireland national team.
Sproule moved to Football League Championship club Bristol City in 2007. After four years with the club, including loan spells at Yeovil Town and Notts County in their final season, Sproule agreed to return to Hibernian in May 2011, where they spent two more seasons. After a year with Ross County, Sproule returned to Northern Ireland.
Career
Sproule, a winger who was known for their explosive pace, played in the Irish Football League for semi-professional clubs Omagh Town and Institute. They combined playing football with their full-time career as an engineer. Scottish Premier League club Hibernian invited them for a trial in January 2005, after they had been transfer listed by Institute. They impressed manager Tony Mowbray and signed as a full-time professional until the end of the season, which meant that they had to give up their day job as a fabrication engineer. Hibs paid Institute a transfer fee of £5,000.
The gamble of signing a player from outside professional football paid off for both Sproule and Hibs. Although they had a slow start with Hibs and it was rumoured that they would return to Northern Ireland, they scored one of the goals in a 3–1 win over Celtic at Celtic Park. Sproule was offered an extended contract which they accepted. Sproule hit the headlines in August 2005 by scoring a hat-trick in a 3–0 defeat of champions Rangers at Ibrox Stadium. Their performances caused Sproule to be linked with a £1 million move to Ukrainian club FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, who had played against Hibs in the 2005–06 UEFA Cup.
Sproule caused further damage to Rangers by helping Hibs eliminate them from the 2005–06 Scottish Cup. Sproule scored one goal and assisted with another, as Hibs again won 3–0 at Ibrox. They were part of the team that won the 2007 Scottish League Cup Final. In total, Sproule made 94 appearances in their first spell with Hibs, scoring 18 goals.
Sproule joined Bristol City on a three-year contract on 27 June 2007 for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £500,000. They made their debut for the West Country club on 29 August 2007 against Manchester City in the League Cup. They were made to sit out the first four games of the season due to a suspension which they received while playing for Hibernian. They scored their first goal for Bristol City on 24 October 2007 in their 2–1 victory over Southampton. Sproule was part of the Bristol City squad who were beaten in the Championship 2008 play-off final against Hull City.
Sproule fell out of favour at Bristol City in 2010, making their last start for the first team in August. They were loaned to Yeovil Town in November. They were then loaned to Notts County in March 2011.
In April 2011, Sproule held discussions with Colin Calderwood about a proposed return to Hibernian. Sproule signed a pre-contract agreement with the club a month later. On the opening game of the season, they played their first Hibs match in a 2–0 loss against Celtic; scored on their first match two months later, in a 3–2 win over St Johnstone. Sproule fell out of favour at Hibs during the 2012–13 season, making only one starting appearance.
Sproule moved to Ross County on a free transfer in January 2013. They scored two goals in their first appearance for the club, in a 4–1 victory at St Mirren on 19 January. After the match, Manager Derek Adams praised Sproule's performance, while Sproule, himself, say their debut was a 'dream' A week later, Sproule scored again but this time was against their former club Hibs in a 1–0 win. Sproule scored 8 goals in 24 appearances for Ross County, but decided to leave the club in November 2013 due to personal reasons.
Sproule agreed in December 2013 to sign for Linfield.
International career
Sproule was called into the Northern Ireland squad for the first time in September 2005, immediately after their hat-trick for Hibernian against Rangers. They came on as a substitute in the 1–0 win against England at Windsor Park to win their first cap. Sproule scored a goal on their first start for Northern Ireland, against Estonia on 1 March 2006. Sproule made a total of 11 appearances for Northern Ireland between 2005 and 2007.
Scottish and English career statistics
International caps
Scores and results list Northern Ireland's goal tally first.
Personal life
Sproule is married and has three sons. A second child was stillborn in November 2009, causing them to miss Bristol City's match against Nottingham Forest. City manager Gary Johnson dedicated their equalising goal in the match to Sproule, who had sent a message of support to their teammates. Johnson commented:
References
External links
Ivan Sproule profile at bcfc.co.uk
1981 births
Living people
People from Castlederg
Association football wingers
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland international footballers
Moyola Park F.C. players
Omagh Town F.C. players
Institute F.C. players
Hibernian F.C. players
Bristol City F.C. players
NIFL Premiership players
Scottish Premier League players
English Football League players
Yeovil Town F.C. players
Notts County F.C. players
Ross County F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Linfield F.C. players
Expatriate association footballers from Northern Ireland
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Closet Children (original title: Les Enfants du Placard) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot.
Cast
Brigitte Fossey as Juliette
Lou Castel as Nicola
Jean Sorel as Berlu
Georges Marchal as the Father
Danièle Gégauff as the Mother
Christian Rist as Julien
Isabelle Weingarten as Laure
Hassane Fall as Diop
Sophie Baragnon as Young Juliette
Vincent Balvet as Young Nicola
Martine Simonet as the Prostitute
Accolades
References
External links
French drama films
1977 drama films
1977 films
Films directed by Benoît Jacquot
1970s French-language films
1970s French films
Granya is a town in northeastern Victoria, Australia on the Murray arm of Lake Hume in the Towong Shire local government area, northwest of the state capital, Melbourne.
The town was established in the 1860s following a gold rush.
References
Populated places on the Murray River
Towns in Victoria (Australia)
Towns in Upper Hume
Shire of Towong
Hananoko Tameike Fukutei Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 3.3 km2. The dam impounds about 16 ha of land when full and can store 1025 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1959.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1959 establishments in Japan
Grande Rivière des Vieux-Habitants is a river in the Guadeloupe National Park, Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe. It is long. Its course starts at the Petit Sans Toucher before it passes through the town of Vieux-Habitants where it separates into two branches before emptying into the Caribbean Sea. Habitation La Grivelière is located in the river valley.
References
External links
Rivers of Guadeloupe
Rivers of France
Pyaar Karke Dekho (transl. Look At Me Lovingly) is a 1987 Indian film. It was one of the first movies to feature Govinda and Kader Khan, who went on to star in a number of movies later. The movie was Kannada film industry's well known director D. Rajendra Babu's debut Hindi movie. It was a remake of their own 1985 Kannada movie Naanu Nanna Hendthi.
The movie failed and declared "flop" at box office India.
Cast
Govinda as Ravi Kumar
Mandakini as Urvashi
Kader Khan as Sampat Shrivastav
Aruna Irani as Mrs. Sampat Shrivastav
Nirupa Roy as Leelavati
Om Shivpuri as Thakur
Vikas Anand as All India Talent Association's Director
Soundtrack
Lyrics: Indeevar
See also
Chandulal Jain - Executive Producer
References
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1987 films
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
Hindi remakes of Kannada films
Films directed by D. Rajendra Babu
The Romanian Sign Language (, LSR) is the sign language used by deaf people in Romania. In Romania, the first organization dedicated to people with hearing impairments was the Romanian Society of the Deaf-Mute, established on 9 November 1919. It was continued by the Romanian Association of the Deaf-Mute (1952), and the (, ANSR, 1995).
References
French Sign Language family
Languages of Romania
The Basin Main Post Office in Basin, Wyoming was built in 1919 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Basin was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Basin Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1919
Buildings and structures in Big Horn County, Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Big Horn County, Wyoming
Jason Thompson may refer to:
Jason Thompson (actor) (born 1976), Canadian actor in General Hospital
Jason Thompson (first baseman, born 1954), former Major League Baseball first baseman
Jason Thompson (first baseman, born 1971), former Major League Baseball first baseman
Jason Thompson (basketball) (born 1986), American professional basketball player
Jason Thompson (figure skater) (born 1989), British figure skater
Jason Thompson (soccer) (born 1981), American soccer player
Jason Thompson (writer) (born 1974), American comics writer
See also
Jason Thomson (born 1987), Scottish footballer
The rufous-vented tapaculo (Scytalopus femoralis) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The rufous-vented tapaculo has no subspecies. However, what are now the Santa Marta tapaculo (Scytalopus sanctaemartae), long-tailed tapaculo (S. micropterus), white-crowned tapaculo (S. atratus), and Bolivian tapaculo (S. bolivianus) were formerly treated as subspecies of it.
Description
The rufous-vented tapaculo is long. Males weigh and females . Adults have a dark brown head and back with a dark brown wash and the rump is dark reddish brown. The throat, breast, and belly are a paler gray; flanks and vent area are cinnamon with broad dark bars. The juvenile is brown above with faint bars and yellow buff with dark bars below.
Distribution and habitat
The rufous-vented tapaculo is found in the central Andes of Peru from southern Amazonas south to Junín. There it inhabits the undergrowth of both primary and secondary humid forest. It ranges between elevations, but is usually found above and in a few locations as high as .
Behavior
No information has been published about the rufous-vented tapaculo's feeding or breeding phenologies. Its song is a single descending note repeated for several minutes .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the rufous-vented tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. The species has a very large range, and though the population number has not been determined, it is believed to be fairly large and stable.
References
rufous-vented tapaculo
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
rufous-vented tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The AJS Model D is a British motorcycle made by A. J. Stevens & Co. Ltd in Wolverhampton between 1912 and 1925. With production halted by the First World War AJS managed to develop the Model D into a popular sidecar machine and it was eventually replaced by the larger capacity AJS Model E.
Development
In 1905 the Stevens Motor Manufacturing Company built a V-twin motorcycle powered by a JA Prestwich Industries Ltd motor, with leading-link front forks and a swinging fork at the rear. A new company, A J Stevens & Co (AJS), was founded in 1909 to manufacture motorcycles and at the 1912 London Motorcycle show they launched the 698cc side valve AJS Model D. Featuring cylinders at 50 degrees and chain drive to a three speed countershaft gearbox with a hand gear change, the original engines had quickly removable cylinder heads but after problems with oil leaks a more permanent head was specified for 1913. The side valve engine was lubricated by a 'total loss' system operated by a hand pump. Ignition was achieved with a Splitdorf Magneto and the fuel system featured an Amac automatic carburettor. The silencer was made from cast aluminium and the frame was a tubular 'diamond' construction, with Brampton bi-flex front forks, which had an unusual two way movement, and quickly detachable wheels. The sidecar version of the Model D proved particularly successful and became so popular that AJS were not able to meet demand.
First World war
The outbreak of the First World War in 1914 nearly saw the end of the company as a motorcycle producer as they failed to secure motorcycle contracts for the armed forces and the factory was turned over to produce munitions for the war effort instead. In 1916 the Ministry of Munitions banned production of motorcycles except for military use, but in 1917 they needed to fulfil an order from Russia for large numbers of motorcycles and AJS were contracted to build 1100 6 hp military motorcycles, enabling them to continue development of the Model D despite the restrictions.
Post War resurgence
After the war ended in November 1918 and the Ministry restrictions were lifted, AJS restarted motorcycle production at a new factory at Graisley Hill in Wolverhampton and the Model D was resurrected with the capacity increased to 748cc and a new design of saddle and fuel tank. The idea of detachable cylinder heads was reintroduced with a cross strap and tie bolts to help ensure that they remained oil tight. At the Graisley Hill works AJS had their own foundry, enamelling facility, frame works and press as well as the motorcycle production line. Except for a few electrical and rubber components, the whole of the Model D was made in-house and the company also supplied engines to Brough Superior, OK Supreme and the Morgan Motor Company.
An updated 7 hp versions of the Model D was launched at the Olympia Motorcycle Show in November 1920. In 1923 a cheaper version called the Model D1 was introduced and 1924 was the best year for sales, which continued to outstrip the capacity of the factory despite increasing the Graiseley Hill works to 230,000 square feet.
Model E
The Model D remained in production until 1925 and became popular as a sidecar machine. In 1925 it was developed into the AJS Model E which had the capacity increased further to 799cc and a new design of frame to allow a lower seat height. The Model E was designed for sidecar use and was later increased to 990cc before production ended again on the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939.
Notes and references
See also
List of motorcycles of the 1910s
List of motorcycles of the 1920s
External links
1915 AJS Model D
Model D
Motorcycles introduced in the 1910s
Glenealo Valley () is a national nature reserve of approximately located in County Wicklow, Ireland. It is managed by the Irish National Parks & Wildlife Service, part of the Department of Housing, Local Government and Heritage.
Features
Glenealo Valley was legally protected as a national nature reserve by the Irish government in 1988. The reserve is primarily an open valley set within the Wicklow Mountains, with a large plateau area of peatland and mixed heathland. The area was the site of a former mine, which was closed in the 1950s. A population of feral goats live in the area, descended from the goats the miners left behind in the valley when the mine was abandoned.
The valley forms part of the 10km Spinc and Glenealo Valley Loop walking trail.
References
Geography of County Wicklow
Nature reserves in the Republic of Ireland
Tourist attractions in County Wicklow
Valleys of County Wicklow
Adam Feeney (born 7 March 1985) is a professional Australian tennis player.
Tennis career
Feeney's highest ATP singles ranking was World No. 248, which they reached in September 2007. Their career high in doubles was World No. 100, which they reached in April 2008.
Adam Feeney was a successful junior, especially at doubles. At the 2003 Wimbledon Championships, Feeney, along with fellow Australian Chris Guccione, made the final of the Boys' Doubles. They lost the final to the Romanian pairing of Horia Tecău and Boys' Singles champion Florin Mergea.
Feeney made their first final in a professional tournament in March 2006 in the Australia F4 tournament in Bairnsdale, Victoria. They lost to Konstantinos Economidis in the final. In August 2006 Feeney won their first pro tournament, the USA F21. They defeated South African Kevin Anderson in the final. In September 2006, Feeney won the Australia F9 tournament, winning the final against Miles Armstrong. In July 2007, Feeney won the Great Britain F13 tournament, defeating Daniel King-Turner in the final.
Feeney has defeated many world class tennis players in their career. For example, Feeney defeated 16-year-old Frenchman Gaël Monfils in the ITF Victorian Junior Championships 2003.
In 2006 they defeated American Sam Querrey, who became World No. 17 in 2011 in a Futures tournament in the United States. In 2008, Feeney defeated Bernard Tomic in an Australian Futures tournament. They have also had victories over Horacio Zeballos, Karol Beck, Grigor Dimitrov, Kristian Pless, Mikhail Kukushkin and Dominik Hrbatý.
Career finals
Singles: 2 (6–9)
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Australian male tennis players
People from Gosford
Tennis people from New South Wales
Thomasian is an eponymous noun or adjective denoting that which is of, or related to, one of the following:
Thomas Aquinas
Christian Thomasius
Dylan Thomas
Students of University of Santo Tomas
A Resident of St. Thomas's Hall in Madras Christian College
Steve Steinwedel (born July 18, 1953) is an American former college basketball coach who most notably coached for ten seasons at Delaware.
Coaching career
After a player career at Mississippi State, Steinwedel began their coaching career as an assistant at Stetson, before moving on to assistant coaching spots at West Virginia, Duke, and South Carolina. They were named the head coach at Delaware in 1985. During the 1991-92 season, with future NBA Draft selection Spencer Dunkley on the team, Steinwedel led the Fightin' Blue Hens to a school record 27-4 mark, and went an undefeated 14-0 in the North Atlantic Conference en route to the 1992 NCAA Tournament. It was followed up by another tournament appearance in 1993. Despite the success, Steienwedel was forced to resign in 1995.
Post-coaching career
Stienwedel never coached college basketball after leaving Delaware, but stayed in the area working as a counselor. They currently serve as the director and co-founder of the Community for Integrative Learning.
College coaching record
References
1953 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Indiana
Basketball players from Indiana
Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens men's basketball coaches
Duke Blue Devils men's basketball coaches
Mississippi State Bulldogs men's basketball players
People from Seymour, Indiana
South Carolina Gamecocks men's basketball coaches
Stetson Hatters men's basketball coaches
West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball coaches
Charles Fowler Singleton Jr. (September 17, 1913 – December 12, 1985), known as Charlie "Hoss" Singleton, was an American songwriter, best known for having co-written the lyrics for "Strangers in the Night" and "Moon Over Naples" (later covered as "Spanish Eyes").
Singleton wrote or co-wrote over a thousand songs. "Strangers in the Night" reached number-one on the Billboard charts for Frank Sinatra, and the Elvis Presley version of "Spanish Eyes" had sales of over three million copies.
Biography
Charles Singleton attended several schools in and around Jacksonville, Florida, and graduated in 1935 from Stanton High School. They were always interested in singing and dancing, and by the time they left school they had become a proficient songwriter. They also produced shows and was responsible for several musical extravaganzas, including April Frolics, which was staged at a nightspot in LaVilla in Jacksonville. Singleton continued to work in Jacksonville into the 1940s.
In the early 1950s Singleton moved to New York City and presented their lyrics to Decca Records, who signed them up as a songwriter. By 1954, they had teamed up with Rose Marie McCoy, and the pair had their first writing successes with such R&B hits as Joe Turner's "Well All Right", Faye Adams' number 1 R&B hit "It Hurts Me to My Heart", and Ruth Brown's "Mambo Baby". Singleton and McCoy also wrote "Tryin' to Get to You", notably recorded by Elvis Presley at Sun (1955) but first released by Washington, D.C. group The Eagles in 1954. In 1956, Singleton and McCoy, as Charlie and Rosie, recorded a single together on RCA Victor.
Singleton went on to write songs for a number of notable artists, including Pat Boone, Nat King Cole, Ella Fitzgerald, B. B. King, Peggy Lee, Johnny Mathis, Wayne Newton and Andy Williams. One of their biggest writing successes was "Don't Forbid Me" by Pat Boone, a number one pop hit recorded in 1956. In the late 1950s and early 1960s, Singleton largely wrote songs without a writing partner, and also recorded an album, The Big Twist Hits, released in 1962 and credited to the Charlie "Hoss" Singleton Combo.
"Strangers in the Night" began as an instrumental called "Beddy Bye", by German bandleader and composer Bert Kaempfert, which appeared on the soundtrack of the film A Man Could Get Killed. When Frank Sinatra's producer Jimmy Bowen heard the tune, they asked Kaempfert to turn it into a song, and Kaempfert approached Singleton and American composer and songwriter Eddie Snyder for help. Singleton wrote the lyrics and Snyder adapted the music for what became "Strangers in the Night". Sinatra initially called the song "a piece of shit" after the first take had to be discarded because session guitarist Glen Campbell had made a mistake. But Sinatra changed their mind during the second take when they began adlibbing "dooby-dooby-doo". "Strangers in the Night" reached number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts in 1966, and rejuvenated Sinatra's career.
Singleton and Snyder had also reworked another Kaempfert instrumental called "Moon Over Naples" into the song "Spanish Eyes", which was successfully recorded by Elvis Presley, Al Martino, Engelbert Humperdinck, Tom Jones, Willie Nelson, Julio Iglesias, Faith No More, and others.
Singleton, who also produced several platinum albums, died in 1985.
In some sources, Singleton seems to be confused with another musician called Charlie Singleton, a saxophonist born in Kansas City around 1930, who recorded jump blues in New York from around 1950.
References
1913 births
1985 deaths
African-American songwriters
Songwriters from Florida
20th-century American musicians
Golden Globe Award-winning musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
HMS Loyalty was a turbine-powered of the Royal Navy, formerly HMS Rattler . They served during the Second World War. Commissioned in 1943, Loyalty saw action off the coast of Normandy during the Allied assault there in 1944. While performing duties off the coast, the ship was torpedoed by a German submarine and sank.
Design and description
The turbine-powered ships displaced at standard load and at deep load.
The ship measured long overall with a beam of . The turbine group had a draught of . The ships' complement consisted of 85 officers and ratings.
The ships had two Parsons geared steam turbines, each driving one shaft, using steam provided by two Admiralty three-drum boilers. The engines produced a total of and gave a maximum speed of . The ships carried a maximum of of fuel oil that gave them a range of at .
The Algerine class was armed with a QF Mk V anti-aircraft gun and four twin-gun mounts for Oerlikon 20 mm cannon. The latter guns were in short supply when the first ships were being completed and they often got a proportion of single mounts. By 1944, single-barrel Bofors 40 mm mounts began replacing the twin 20 mm mounts on a one for one basis. All of the ships were fitted for four throwers and two rails for depth charges.
Service
Rattler was laid down on 14 April 1941 at Harland and Wolff, Belfast, launched on 9 December 1942 and commissioned on 22 April 1943. They were adopted by the community of Ripley, North Yorkshire after a Warship Week national savings campaign in March 1942.
After commissioning they were assigned to the 18th Minesweeping Flotilla, joining them in June 1943, when they were renamed Loyalty. They and the other ships of the flotilla carried out sweeping operations in Lyme Bay and the English Channel. They and other ships of the flotilla were transferred to Harwich in August to sweep areas of the North Sea, but was soon transferred to the 9th Flotilla, at Dover. On 25 August Loyalty was part of Operation Starkey, an attempt to attract German aircraft to unusual minesweeping operations near the French coast. The ships of the flotilla came under fire from shore batteries, and was damaged. They returned to Dover, but were mistakenly fired on by British shore batteries, causing further damage. Loyalty did not return to minesweeping duties until October.
In November Loyalty transferred to Scapa Flow to join the 15th Minesweeping Flotilla with the Home Fleet. They transferred again in December to the Orkney and Shetland Command, operating out of Seidisfjord on anti-submarine patrols and local convoy escort duties. They remained here until being nominated to return to the UK in March 1944 and in April underwent a refit at Portsmouth, after which they were assigned to Force G to give minesweeping support to the Allied landings in Normandy. Loyalty spent May carrying out exercises and rehearsals, and also escorted sister ship into Portsmouth after they had been damaged by a mine. Loyalty then took part in the assault operations of 6 June, clearing Channel 6, and then remaining deployed off Gold Beach to cover operations. They remained off Normandy after the landings and throughout July, carrying out sweeps of the anchorages.
Sinking
Loyalty was still off Normandy on 22 August. They were returning to Portsmouth with the minesweepers , , Hydra and when the sweep wires parted. Loyalty and the minesweeping trawler Doon were dispatched to recover the sweep. As they were doing this Loyalty was attacked and sunk by the German U-boat at position in the English Channel. They capsized in less than seven minutes, with the loss of their captain and 18 ratings. There were 30 survivors. Loyalty was replaced in the flotilla by sister ship . The wrecksite is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986.
Notes
References
External links
HMS Loyalty at naval.history.net
HMS Loyalty (as Rattler) at uboat.net
MoD announcement of designation as a war grave
SI 2008/950 Designation under Protection of Military Remains Act
Algerine-class minesweepers of the Royal Navy
Ships built in Belfast
1942 ships
World War II minesweepers of the United Kingdom
Ships sunk by German submarines in World War II
World War II shipwrecks in the English Channel
Protected Wrecks of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in August 1944
Ships built by Harland and Wolff
Doug Graham is a fictional character in the Australian Channel Seven drama series Winners & Losers, played by Tom Wren. Doug made their debut screen appearance in the pilot episode "Covert Aggression in Netball", which was broadcast on 22 March 2011. Doug is one of the show's regular male characters. Wren was cast in the show after only working as a guest artist on other shows. Actor Stephen Phillips also auditioned for the role but they were cast as Doug's friend Zach Armstrong. Doug works a registrar at a local hospital.  They are characterised as a caring and patient individual with a high sense of morality. They share a close on-screen friendship with Sophie Wong (Melanie Vallejo). But Doug is also in love with them Their "will they, won't they?" story arc has spanned throughout the character's tenure. Though Doug also has relationships with Bec Gilbert (Zoe Tuckwell-Smith) and Carla Hughes (Sibylla Budd).
Doug has been centric to a number of the shows pregnancy storylines. Their encounter with Bec results in them giving birth to their son Harrison Graham. It proved complicated and occurred while they were in a relationship with Sophie. The latter also becomes pregnant but has an abortion. While Carla becomes pregnant and suffers a miscarriage. Doug has also been involved in a topical storyline involving Cat Johnson's (Peta Sergeant) euthanasia. The show concluded Doug romantic involvement with Sophie when they choose to marry Carla. Wren believed that their character had not been fully developed during season one. But the following season saw Doug being explored to a greater extent. Wren believed their character had become "fully flesher-out".
The actor gained a "Most Popular New Talent" Logie Awards nomination for their portrayal. Guy David (The Newcastle Herald) believed the character was sidelined by other characters. While their colleague branded them the show's "resident nice guy". An Illawarra Mercury writer believed that Doug's serious car accident marked Winners & Losers transition into "darker territory".
Development
Casting
Actor Tom Wren had only appeared in guest roles prior to joining Winners & Losers. Wren's management publicised their casting prior to the season premiere, stating that they were a regular cast member. Actor Stephen Phillips also auditioned for the role but the casting department thought they were ideal to play fellow regular character Zach Armstrong.
Characterisation
Doug had a difficult childhood because their parents died in a house fire when they were five years old. They were raised by their grandmother and the healing process formed them into the adult character portrayed on-screen. Wren stated that Doug is a "fairly low-key dude who works in a high pressured environment. So in their social life and their interactions with everyone else he's very relaxed and they are loyal to a fault." Doug is played as the show's "resident nice guy".  They are characterised as a patient and caring individual. Sometimes they reach a point where they dislike these traits. Wren views their character as "way more patient and forgiving" than they could ever be. Wren has stated that they like Doug's high moral code. They added that we wished Doug would have more fun and "let their hair down a little more often."
Wren told Jo Casamento that their character has been a "handbag" in season one. They believed that male characters played supporting roles to the main female cast. But they revealed that during the show's second season their character would be explored in more detail and become fully "fleshed out". The changes occurred through their partnership with Sophie. Wren enjoyed filming the second season more. They had been given more material and believed their character to be better structured. Wren explained that with Doug and Sophie cohabiting there was more to their dynamic than "Doug throwing these unrequited I love you glances Sophie's way. It's more enjoyable having a tiff now and then." They observed as Doug as spending the entire first season "waving the flag for nice guys worldwide". Wren branded it a transition resulting in Doug becoming a more normal type of guy.
Sophie Wong & Bec Gilbert
Doug shares a romantic backstory with the character Sophie Wong (Melanie Vallejo). An official show press release described how the character was never destined to be Sophie final lover. But they decided to remain close friends with them and support them while being their "covert admirer". They make sure that they are there to look after them and often has to sort out their problems. But Doug does not put their lives on hold and continues to date other women despite hoping that Sophie will reciprocate their love. Sophie and Doug later have casual sex; Wren told Lizzy Lovette of The Sun-Herald that it was "hilarious" getting naked with their friend Vallejo. The pair eventually "got into it" after a period of scene disruptive laughter. Lovette wrote of their prediction that the duo's "super steamy" scenes would boost the show's ratings. Doug asks Sophie to begin a relationship with them following the tryst. But they reject their offer wanting to remain friends.
Doug grows close to Sophie's newly single friend Bec Gilbert (Zoe Tuckwell-Smith). They and Bec are involved in serious car accident. The event leaves Sophie with bad memories of being widowed and leads them to question their feelings for Doug. Bec themselves realises that they like Doug. The actor told Clare Rigden from TV Week that Bec is upset that their ex-fiancé Matt O'Connor (Blair McDonough) has moved on so quickly and this makes them realises that they need to do the same. Bec needs help around the house and Tuckwell-Smith believed that Doug assumes that role but at which stage they only share friendship. Their situation becomes awkward when Matt walks in on the duo sharing a flirtatious moment. Their disapproval is met with an angry reaction from Bec. Ridgen said that with Matt now cut out of Bec's life completely, Doug was free to take their place. Rigden added that the relationship would cause issues between good friends Bec and Sophie. When they see Bec with Doug they become jealous and may rethink their stance on being with Doug. Their relationship with Bec is short-lived and they marry Matt. Tuckwell-Smith told Darren Devyln (The Daily Telegraph) that "it was very clear the relationship with Doug was going nowhere." In the first season finale Doug prepares to leave for work in London. But Sophie declares their love and they begin a relationship. Vallejo said "she got the guy and now has to sort out what's next?"
The season finale also featured the discovery that Bec is pregnant with Doug's baby. Vallejo told Debbie Schipp of The Daily Telegraph, that the cast had an "excruciating" wait to see how the characters would react to the news. An official season two press release also teased whether Doug and Sophie's relationship could survive beyond the news. Upon its return it was revealed that Doug, Bec, Sophie and Matt decide to make the most of their predicament. Vallejo told Rigden that Doug and Sophie share moments of blissful happiness but there is always the issue of Bec's baby in the background. They likened the baby to a "tiny little growing elephant ... in the room". Wren added that "it's made for a very modern-day scenario". Tuckwell-Smith added that Bec assumes the role of the pacifist. They constantly attempt to keep the peace ensuring that both Doug and Matt are okay.
Ridgen later reported that Bec's carefully constructed plan would come "crashing down in spectacular fashion". All four involved actors spoke of dramatic consequences that occur from the tangled story arc. Initial problems arise when Doug accompanies Bec to an antenatal class. Sophie and Matt walk in on the two sharing an intimate moment. Wren said that it causes concern for them and noted Matt was beginning to hate Doug for invading their life. More anguish is created as Doug asks Sophie to move away when the baby is born. They tell them that their flat is not big enough to home a child. Vallejo told Rigden that the scenes aggravate Sophie. They begin to realise that Doug and Bec's child is negatively affecting their own life. The actor concluded that "there's a lot that hasn't been said which is where a lot of the drama comes from." Wren agreed with their co-star, evaluating that three months of tension from trying to behave responsible result in a "total blowout". Doug and Matt have a physical fight following Doug feeling their baby kick. Wren said that Doug and Matt are two different characterised males and the situation riles Matt. McDonough said that Matt believes Doug has invaded their territory by feeling Bec's stomach and "everything spills over into anger". Wren also believed that Doug has issues of snobbery. They view Matt as childish and is annoyed they will help bring up their child. Wren added "Doug thinks Matt isn't equipped to deal with it perhaps as well as they would." Wren later admitted that they did not think writers would let Bec keep the baby because they thought the story would be too complicated.
Abortion & euthanasia
Doug's relationship with Sophie also helped develop their character. Vallejo stated that "we get to see them in a relationship, which is very new for her, and watching them and Doug struggle with that is fabulous." Following the birth of Doug and Bec's child, Harrison Graham, Sophie repairs their friendship with Bec. Sophie confides in Bec that they are pregnant with Doug's child but considering an abortion. Bec urges Sophie to tell Doug the truth. Vallejo told Erin Miller (TV Week) that Sophie truly believes that concealing their pregnancy will save Doug pain. But the couple's relationship becomes problematic and Doug suggests counseling. Vallejo stated that "he really wants the relationship to work and he's very wise going down that road." But while seeking counseling Sophie reveals their pregnancy and they are "furious". They described it as a "complicated situation and he's really hurt". But Sophie adds to Doug's pain by revealing their intentions of a termination. The storyline was issue led exploring the rights of the mother and father. Vallejo believed it was an important subject for Winners & Losers to tackle. They branded it a "sticky situation" for any couple because both have rights to the child. While it Sophie's body, "there's a whole range of emotions the father would feel to."
Following the character's abortion Doug is devastated because they wanted to marry and have children with Sophie. But Vallejo told a News.com.au writer that "it (abortion) is a completely valid choice (for Sophie). It would be ridiculous for them to have a child to Doug at this point in their life." Wren said it was tough to play. They said that in one scene viewers see "Doug's entire future just collapse in front on him." The show explored a different side to the character when their relationship with Sophie fails. They leaf to work in Kenya. Doug causes trouble with Bec, drinks excessive alcohol and gets banned from driving their motorcycle following their drink driving charge. Siobhan Duck of the Herald Sun reported that the character had "hit rock bottom". The break-up was Wren's favourite Doug story from their entire tenure. It was "messy and horrible and hard" proving a challenge for them to act it out.
Doug also became centric to another topical storyline involving euthanasia. Doug discovers that terminally Cat Johnson (Peta Sergeant) plans to take their own life. Doug plays the role of being against the act. Wren told Miller that Doug tries to use the rationale approach and change their mind. But they are also understanding about their decision. The show bared the task to portray the storyline with sensitivity. Sergeant stated that there was a lot of honesty in the storyline. They also believed it was correct for ending for Cat.
Carla Hughes
In July 2013, it was announced that actor Sibylla Budd had been cast as Head of Emergency Medicine, Carla Hughes, who would be a new love interest for Doug. Budd said that they were interested to see viewer reaction to their character becoming between Doug and Sophie. They decide to get married but begin to fight over the proceedings. Doug and Carla decide to spontaneously marry at their own engagement party.
Vallejo told Seanna Cronin from The Toowoomba Chronicle that Sophie goes "crazy" and becomes determined to sabotage their relationship. But Sophie cannot deny that "Carla is a really awesome woman" which really annoys them But still Sophie is convinced that they are meant to be with Doug. The actor believed it was the consistent scenario of realising that you love someone when they are with a new partner. Vallejo believed that the storyline offered closure for fans of Doug and Sophie. They concluded that "the Sophie and Doug storyline has been going on since the very beginning, what I love to watch on television is the 'will they, won't they'. Doug and Sophie have gone through a lot and this is the final axe (to grind) for their relationship."
Carla performs a test and fears they cannot hear their babies' heartbeat. They ask Sophie to perform an ultrasound try to determine it. A Soap World writer revealed that Carla is desperate and "clings to their sometime love rival for support." Sophie is unable to detect the heartbeat.
Reception
For their portrayal of Doug, Wren was nominated in the "Most Popular New Talent" category at the 2012 Logie Awards. Guy David from The Newcastle Herald said "for most of the show's first season, Doug was sort of sidelined, which was surprising. After all, he's a good-looking fella with a prestigious job in emergency medicine." A fellow critic from the outlet branded them the show's "resident nice guy". Debi Enker (The Age) believed that Doug only served as "an understanding lover for Sophie". Their colleague Paul Kalina said that the story between Doug, Sophie, Bec and Matt was really complicated and ironic. A writer from the Illawarra Mercury said that Doug and Bec's car crash was the moment the show began to explore "darker territory" moving away from "bubbly Aussie drama". The Age's Clare Rigden branded Doug a "dreamboat" doctor.
References
External links
Character profile at the Official Winners & Losers website
Character profile at the Internet Movie Database
Television characters introduced in 2011
Backstage Musikk A/S is a Norwegian chain of music stores.
They mainly sell guitars, basses and pianos. Fender, Gibson, Martin, Taylor, Yamaha, Roland, Korg, Nord Electro, Marshall and Vox are their main brands. The chain was established in 2009 in Sandvika.
References
External links
Official website: www.Backstagemusikk.no
Musical instrument retailers
Music retailers of Norway
Arkadii Trofimovich Dragomoshchenko (; 1946 - 12 September 2012) was a Russian poet, writer, translator, and lecturer.  They are considered the foremost representative of language poetry in contemporary Russian literature.
Biography
Arkadii Trofimovich Dragomoshchenko, son of a Soviet military officer, was born on 3 February 1946 in Potsdam, in the Soviet Occupation Zone of Germany, and raised in Vinnytsia, Ukrainian SSR. Since 1969 Dragomoshchenko has lived in Saint Petersburg. They received the Andrey Bely Independent Literary prize in 1978, the Electronic Text Award ("for poetry from Phosphor"), PostModernCulture (PMC) in 1993, and "The Franc-tireur Silver Bullet," International Literary Prize in 2009. Their writings have been translated and published in anthologies and journals in France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Finland, Belgium, Sweden, Japan, Brazil and the United States. They translated the work of Lyn Hejinian, John Ashbery, Robert Creeley, Charles Olson, Michael Palmer, Eliot Weinberger, Barrett Watten and others in Russian, and served as co-editor for The Anthology of Contemporary American Poetry in Russian Translation, as well as for The Anthology of Contemporary New Zealand Poetry.
Dragomoshchenko lectured in the Department of Philosophy at the St Petersburg State University, and provided seminars as a Visiting Professor at various institutes in the United States and Canada, including the University of California, San Diego, New York University, and the University at Buffalo. During the last years of their life they taught in the Smolny College of Liberal Arts and Science, an affiliate of Bard College.
Literary style
Dragomoshchenko fused elements of poetry, essay, philosophy, journalism and fictional prose. They "explores the way our perceived and conceptual worlds are constructed through language. Self-consciousness, mannerism and a degree of abstraction are inevitable hazards in this territory, they are also concomitants of an individual voice obstinately pursuing its own themes. The fundamental characteristics of their work remain constant and may be summarized in the title of their first American translations — Description."
According to Marjorie Perloff, "for Dragomoshchenko, language is not the always already used and appropriated, the pre-formed and pre-fixed that American poets feel they must wrestle with. On the contrary, Dragomoshchenko insists that "language cannot be appropriated because it is perpetually incomplete" (...) and, in an aphorism reminiscent of Rimbaud's "Je est un autre," "poetry is always somewhere else." "
Published works
Books translated in English
Description. A book of poetry, translated by Lyn Hejinian. LA: Sun & Moon Press, 1990.
Xenia. A book of poetry, translated by Lyn Hejinian. LA: Sun & Moon Press, 1994.
Chinese Sun. A novel, translated by Evgeny Pavlov. Eastern European Poets Series No. 9. New York, NY: Ugly Duckling Presse, 2005.
Dust. Collected prose, translated by Thomas Epstein, Evgeny Pavlov, and Shushan Avagyan. Urbana-Champaign, IL: Dalkey Archive Press, 2009.
Endarkenment. Collected poetry, edited by Eugene Ostashevsky, translated by Lyn Hejinian, Genyo Turovskaya, Eugene Ostashevsky, Bela Shayevich, Jacob Edmond, and Elena Balashova, with foreword by Lyn Hejinian. Middleton, Connecticut: Wesleyan University Press, 2014.
Books in Russian
Nebo Sootvetstvii. [Sky of Correspondence] A book of poetry, Sovetskii Pisatel' Press, Leningrad, 1990.
Xenia. A book of poetry, Borei & Mitin Journal Press, St Peterburg, 1994.
Phosphor. A book of prose, Severo-Zapad Press, St Petersburg, 1994.
Pod Podozreniem. [Under Suspicion] A book of poetry, Borey-Art Press, St Petersburg, 1994.
Kitajskoe Solnce. [Chinese Sun] A novel, Borey-Art Press & Mitin Journal, St Petersburg, 1997.
Opisanie. [Selected] A book of poetry, Gumanitarnaia Akademia Press, St Petersburg, 2000.
Na Beregakh Iskliuchennoj Reki. [On the Banks of an Excluded River] A book of poetry, OGI Press, Moscow, 2006.
Bezrazlichia. [Indifferences] Collected prose, Borey-Art Press, St Petersburg, 2007.
POP 3, with Margarita Meklina. Epistolary novel, Lulu Press, 2008.
Shoaling Things. (co-authored by Jan Lauwereyns, with a drawing by Anne-Mie Van Kerckhoven) Ghent, Belgium: Druksel, 2011.
Tavtologia. [Tautology] Collected poetry, Novoe Literaturnoe Obozrenie Press, Moscow, 2011.
Ustranenie Neizvestnogo. [The Elimination of the Unknown]. Collected prose, Novoe Literaturnoe Obozrenie Press, Moscow, 2013.
Awards
Andrei Bely Independent Literary Prize, Leningrad, 1978.
Electronic Text Award ("for poetry from Phosphor"), PostModernCulture (PMC), 1993.
The Franc-tireur Silver Bullet, International Literary Prize (US), 2009.
References
External links
Complete bibliography of translated poetry
Dalkey Archive Press
Ugly Duckling Press
From Phosphor, Postmodern Culture
Pavlov, E. “What We Talk about When We Talk about Poetry: a Recent View from St. Petersburg.” Postmodern Culture, v9no1, September, 1998. Electronic version http://jefferson.village.virginia.edu/pmc/text-only/issue.998/9.1pavlov.txt
1946 births
2012 deaths
People from Potsdam
Russian male poets
English–Russian translators
20th-century Russian poets
20th-century Russian translators
20th-century Russian male writers
Events in the year 1188 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Sverre Sigurdsson
Events
December - The revolt ends.
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
26 January – Saint Eysteinn Erlendsson, archbishop (born c. 1120).
Full date unknown
Jon Kuvlung, pretender to the crown.
References
Norway
Cyttaranthus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1955. It contains only one known species, Cyttaranthus congolensis, native to tropical Africa (Congo-Brazzaville, Congo-Kinshasa (Zaire), Gabon, Cabinda, Tanzania).
References
Agrostistachydeae
Monotypic Euphorbiaceae genera
Flora of West-Central Tropical Africa
Flora of Tanzania
The Thabet-Thabet Building, so named after its original owner, is a skyscraper situated along the banks of the river Nile in the Cairo suburb of Garden City, Egypt. Naoum Shebib was the architect, structural engineer and contractor for this 31-story building, completed in 1958.
The building is also popularly known to locals as the Belmont Building, as it once hosted a large advertisement for Belmont cigarettes on its rooftop
See also
Skyscraper design and construction
List of the tallest buildings in Africa
References
1958 establishments in Egypt
Buildings and structures in Cairo
Hotel buildings completed in 1958
Minuscule 754 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), A142 (von Soden), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament written on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 11th century. The manuscript has no complex contents. Scrivener labelled it as 763e.
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels, on 464 parchment leaves (size ), with some lacunae (Matthew 6:25-8:19; John 21:18-25). The texts of Matthew 6:25-8:19; John 21:18-25 were supplied by a later hand on paper.
The biblical text is surrounded by a catena.
The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, with a reference to the Eusebian Canons.
It contains Epistula ad Carpianum, lectionary markings at the margin, and a commentary. The manuscript is ornamented.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
In John 2:22 it reads ελεγε αυτοις along with Codex Cyprius, Codex Petropolitanus, 1212, lectionary 1076; majority reads ελεγε;
History
Scrivener and Gregory dated the manuscript to the 11th century. The manuscript is currently dated by the INTF to the 11th century.
The manuscript was brought from Janina.
It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener (763) and Gregory (754).
The manuscript is now housed at the Bibliothèque nationale de France (Suppl. Gr. 1076) in Paris.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 753
References
Further reading
Greek New Testament minuscules
11th-century biblical manuscripts
Bibliothèque nationale de France collections
Camden Base is a small airstrip in Couva, Trinidad. Crop dusting aircraft use this airstrip; drag racing also takes place on the airstrip. The Camden (Field) Auxiliary Air Base was established as an emergency airstrip. It included one paved 3,000 ft (910 m) x 75 ft (46 m) runway with extensive taxiways and dispersed camouflaged parking bays for USAAC, USN and RN. It was defended by US Army infantry and AAA units.
On 24 May 2011, Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar, at the one-year anniversary celebratory rally marking the election of their coalition government to power, announced that the airstrip will be upgraded initially to a domestic airport to serve the Trinidad-Tobago airbridge. If successful, the airport would be upgraded to a full-scale international airport.
If upgraded, the airport will be the third international airport on the islands after Piarco International Airport in Trinidad and the A.N.R. Robinson International Airport in Tobago.
Operations
Aerial World Service Ltd
https://web.archive.org/web/20161124102334/https://aerialworldservicesltd.com/
A state of the art flight school that offers training from private pilot, all the way through to commercial pilot on technically advanced aircraft. They also offer private flights.
National Helicopter Services Limited NHSL
University of Trinidad and Tobago UTT operates an aviation campus.
References
Airports in Trinidad and Tobago
Drag racing venues
Motorsport venues in Trinidad and Tobago
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in the Caribbean, Central, and South America
Oh My My is the fourth studio album by American pop rock band OneRepublic. It was released on October 7, 2016, through Mosley Music Group and Interscope Records, three years after the release of the band's third studio album, Native (2013), and due to its success with the tracks "Counting Stars" and "Love Runs Out", Oh My My incorporates some elements of their electronic production. Ryan Tedder, the band's lead singer, songwriter and producer, focused on lyrics about optimism, love, and overcoming past traumas.
Seeking to escape the purely electronic sound that was high on the radio at the time, the band used instruments that left the album's sound organic, while not sounding outdated. Along with band members Tedder, Kutzle and Skelton, the album was produced by Benny Blanco and Noel Zancanella, who had previously worked on their previous albums. Marking a radical departure from pop rock from its predecessor works, Oh My My is built around electropop, arena rock and groovy, inspired by genres such as country, funk and gospel, resulting in an electronic production consisting of new-age music and rhythmic beats. Oh My My was the band's album with the most tracks on its standard version, and featured guest appearances by French band Cassius on the title track "Oh My My", as well as former Genesis rock band lead singer Peter Gabriel on the track "A.I." and singer-songwriter Santigold on the track "NbHD".
Three international singles—"Wherever I Go", "Kids" and "Let's Hurt Tonight"—supported the album; they peaked at number fifty-five and ninety-six on the Billboard Hot 100, with the latter being included as a track in the film Collateral Beauty and peaking number twenty-one on Billboard Adult Top 40. "Future Looks Good" and "A.I." preceded the album as promotional tracks. Critical response to Oh My My was generally positive. Reviewers were divided on the album's exaggerated size and overproduction, making Tedder's voice a background to focus on instrumental sounds and electropop beats, but praised Tedder's songwriting and the band's impetus to step out of their comfort zone and explore a different loudness than the conventional.
The album was OneRepublic's second consecutive album to debut in the top five on the Billboard 200, reaching No. 3 in its first week and surpassing the debut of their previous album, Native, by one position and reaching the top five in several countries, including Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland, and Switzerland.
Unlike the band's previous albums, Oh My My had lower sales than expected, a factor influenced by the low promotion carried out and the lack of a hit single. A concert tour promoting the album was planned for early 2017, but canceled after the physical, emotional and psychological health issues involving Tedder. Despite this, the band promoted the album singles with a smaller-scale tour, 16th Annual Honda Civic Tour (2017), sponsored by Honda. A re-release of the album with only eleven tracks was made on December 2, 2016, exclusively for retail and digital in the United States.
Background and composition
Talking to Wonderland Magazine about Oh My My, OneRepublic frontman Ryan Tedder spoke about what fans could expect from the album: "Everything – you could do an entire album on a laptop these days, and some of the biggest records are all electronic laptop driven, and there's a lot of humanity, I think, missing in radio. And so we wanted to make sure that you could actually hear the human beings and the actual instruments that are in the actual songs, so that's the last thing I'll say. It's new and very modern but there's still a big dose of humanity in it because you can actually hear the players." In a later interview with Billboard, Tedder revealed that the album took eighteen months to record, which was "the longest amount of time [the band had] ever spent on one project[...]We did a lot of living in the last four years -- there was a lot to write about."
On August 25, the band tweeted that the new album was called Oh My My and would come out on October 7, 2016. The artwork for the album was revealed six days later.
Promotion
OneRepublic has promoted the album at the 2016-2017 NFL Kickoff Concert: in Denver, Colorado, and shows such as The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Today, and The Ellen DeGeneres Show
Tour
The band promoted the album on the Honda Civic Tour.
Singles
The album's official first single, "Wherever I Go", was released on May 13, 2016. The song has peaked at number 55 on the Billboard Hot 100 as of July 2016.
The second single, "Kids", was released on August 12, 2016.
In November 2016, the band announced that "Let's Hurt Tonight" would be featured on the official soundtrack of the film Collateral Beauty. They later performed the song at the MTV Europe Music Awards. On December 6, 2016, after performing at The Voice, an official video for the song was released on their VEVO channel, featuring some scenes from Collateral Beauty. The song was sent to US Hot AC radio on January 9, 2017.
Promotional singles
"Future Looks Good" was released as the first promotional single along with the pre-order on September 8, 2016; it was used in the video of Canada/Mexico/United States' bid for 2026 FIFA World Cup. The second promotional single was "A.I.", which featured Peter Gabriel, the former frontman of Genesis.
Reception
Critical reception
Oh My My received positive reviews from music critics. Most reviewers praised OneRepublic for its acumen in escaping the comfort zone and seeking organic sounds, but criticized the overproduction on some tracks and the loss of cohesion due to its large number of songs. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, the album received a weighted mean score of 66, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Exeposé writer Georgia Seldis opined Oh My My, "Overall, I do love this album and I highly recommend a listen so you can choose your favourites from the bunch. I'll of course keep looking forward to new, hopefully less dance-y music for probably another four long years", noting the songs see "showcasing Tedder's amazing voice and an actual melody". Entertainment Weekly'''s Madison Vain writes Oh My My, "their most diverse-sounding album yet. Electro club bangers like "Kids" and "Human" crash into stadium-sized rock anthems before giving way to gospel-tinged sing-alongs. There are also R&B-ish moments, electro-funk adventures in the title track "Oh My My", and pure pop delights in “Lift Me Up”". Caroline Sullivan of The Guardian says "Tedder has used their golden ear for hooks lavishly here: if OneRepublic's 2014 hit Counting Stars was ear-wormy, these tracks are certified ear-centipedes", but criticizes the lack of cohesion in closing by saying: "problematically, though, they have produced the album to replicate a playlist, yielding a plethora of styles upon which OneRepublic don't quite stamp their own identity". Camille Espiritu of The Young Folks appreciated Tedder's maturity, particularly their ability to pull together different narratives and sounds based on the cultures the band experienced during their previous tour trips.
Jon Reyes from Idolator said the album served as a reminder of Tedder's songwriting talent, labeling “Lift Me Up”, “Heaven”, “Born” and “Fingertips” as standouts of the album, writing that "in these lies the heart of OneRepublic, a distillation of Tedder's influence and their influences. It's a potpourri formula that, with Oh My My, hasn't lost its fragrance". At the Knoxville News Sentinel, Chuck Campbell praises Tedder's lyricism and the album's overall production, writing that makes them "a aural grandiosity". Katrina Rees of CelebMix praised the band's eclecticism in breaking out of their comfort zone and exploring different melodies and rhythms, particularly Tedder's vocal ability to transition from pop rock to country, writing that "On paper, Oh My My might sound like a mismatched combination of tracks, however, in its entirety it actually works very well. OneRepublic have successfully proven their musical diversity and have delivered an eclectic album which is definitely worth listening to". Writing for Cross Rhythms, Tony Cummings gave the album nine stars of ten and said it is "the band's most diverse project so far". Gracelyn Trast of The Badger Herald praises the tracks with guest appearances, praising the way the band knew how to unite their passionate melodies with the characteristic style of the guest artists.
In a less favorable review, Daniel Patrin from Renowned for Sound wrote the album "displays an attempt at sounding different" but "just feed the appetite of supersaturated pop hunger". Writing for Evening Standard, Andre Paine summarized the album as a "hard bloated record loaded with feelings of self-indulgence", but praised the tracks "A.I." and "NbHD", saying that both "underlines Tedder's technical ability in the studio".
Year-end lists
Commercial performanceOh My My debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with 46,000 units, of which 35,000 were traditional album sales.
Unlike their two previous albums Waking Up and Native, Oh My My'' proved not to be a slowburner and left most of the major music markets' charts notably fast, most likely due to the lack of a hit single. Ryan Tedder later addressed the band's absence from promoting the album, citing anxiety and mental fatigue as the key reason.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
OneRepublic
Ryan Tedder – lead vocals, writer, producer, rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, piano, keyboard, tambourine, djembe
Brent Kutzle – bass guitar, writer, producer, cello, acoustic guitar, keyboard, backing vocals
Zach Filkins – lead guitar, viola, acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Drew Brown – rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, keyboard, glockenspiel, tambourine, backing vocals
Eddie Fisher – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Noel Zancanella – writer, producer, programming
Andrew Foster – background vocals
Peter Gabriel – featured artist, producer
Santigold – featured artist
Cassius – featured artist
Tyler Spry – pedal steel, engineer, instrumentation
Robert Stevenson – arrangement
Riley Bell – assistant
Jeff Jackson – assistant
Matthew Tryba – assistant
David Wise – assistant
Richard Chappell – engineer
John Hanes – engineer
Christopher Henry – engineer
Mike Piersante – engineer
Rich Rich – engineer
Dave Schwerkolt – engineer
Steve Wilmot – engineer, vocoder, additional producer
Matt Green – assistant engineer
Serban Ghenea - mixing
Joe Zook – mixing
Chris Galland – mixing
John Hanes – mixing
Benny Blanco – producer
Brandon Collins – producer
MojaveGhst – producer
Cassius – additional producer
Katalyst – additional producer
Zach Skeleton – additional producer
Robert Stevenson – vocal producer
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2016 albums
Albums produced by Benny Blanco
Albums produced by Ryan Tedder
OneRepublic albums
OneRepublic
St. Peter's Church (, ) is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia, dedicated to Saint Peter. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia.
History
First mention of the St. Peter's Church is in records dating to 1209. The church was of masonry construction and therefore undamaged by a city fire in Riga that year. The history of the church can be divided into three distinct periods: two associated with Gothic and Romanesque building styles and the third with the early Baroque period. The middle section of the church was built during the 13th century, which encompasses the first period. The only remnants of this period are located in the outer nave walls and on the inside of a few pillars in the nave, around which larger pillars were later built.
Second period of construction
The second period dates to 1408–09, when master builder from Rostock supervised the construction of the sanctuary, based on the St. Mary's Church in Rostock. The sanctuary was almost finished by 1409, but due to the Polish–Lithuanian–Teutonic War it was completed and dedicated only in 1419. Other construction work was interrupted by the plague in 1420 and resumed in the 1430s. The 13th-century church was reconstructed in 1456–66 to conform to the newly built sanctuary. Both constructions were joined in the 1470s, thereby creating a mighty basilica with three aisles and ornate vaulted ceilings. The old bell tower was replaced in 1456, and a bell was hung in the new tower in 1477. A octagonal steeple was added to the tower in 1491, which, along with the church's front facade, dominated the silhouette of Riga. The tower collapsed 11 March 1666, destroying a neighboring building and burying eight people in the rubble. The cornerstone for a new tower was laid 29 June 1667.
Third period of construction
The third period of construction dates to 1671–90, with the construction of the western facade and the new tower. The roof, vaulted ceilings and furnishings were also renovated during this time. Jacob Josten, the Dutch-born master builder of Riga, designed the tower and supervised its construction, which was begun April 1671 by the master mason Heinrich Henicke. Josten was replaced in 1675 by (1645–1698), the next master builder of Riga. The tower was completed in 1677, but it, along with the church interior, were destroyed already 21 May 1677, during a citywide fire. Bindenshu supervised the subsequent repairs in 1677–79: vaulted wooden ceilings replaced the former masonry vaulted ceilings, and the roof, windows, interior and furnishings were replaced or renovated. First service in the renovated church took place 14 September 1679.
Renovation of the tower began 1686 and was designed by the city engineer Friedrich S. von Dahlen. The city council did not approve of the half-finished steeple, and so it was torn down in 1688. A new copper-roofed steeple, designed by Bindenshu, was then built. A sphere and rooster were set atop the steeple 10 May 1690. This tower was the tallest wooden construction in Europe at the time.
The western facade of the church was also altered in the later 17th century. The brick construction was covered with reddish limestone from Salaspils and Koknese, and the facade was decorated with volutes, pilasters, cornices, vases and borders made of Gotland stone. In 1692 the Riga City Council approved a design by Bindenshu and the mason Andreas Peterman for three identical portals. The merchant Klaus Mistett financed the portals, which were built by H. Henneken, Johann Daniel Schauss, Johann Gerwin and several other sculptors. The portals were decorated with Baroque style limestone sculptures. In 1694 L. Martini installed a new tower clock with a glockenspiel from Amsterdam.
First reconstruction
The newly renovated church served for a mere 29 years, for lightning struck and set fire to the tower and church 10 May 1721. Only the church and tower walls remained standing after the fire. Reconstruction of the church began immediately under the direction of the master carpenter Tom Bochum and master mason Kristofer Meinert. By 1723 the building already had a temporary roof. Johann Heinrich Wilbern took over supervision of the project in 1740, and under their direction a new steeple was built in 1746. The steeple was covered with copper-plate and the rooster was gilded in 1746–47.
Christoph Haberland designed a new marble pulpit for the church, which was built in Italy in 1793. In 1794 Haberland renovated the wooden vaulted ceilings in the central sections of the nave. The interior walls were plastered and the lower sections of the pillars were covered with oak panels in 1885 under the direction of architect Reinhold Georg Schmaeling (1840–1917).
Second reconstruction
Artillery fire destroyed the church on 29 June 1941. Conservation and restoration began 1954 with research by architect Pēteris Saulītis. The work was carried out from 1967 to 1983 under the direction of Saulītis and architect Gunārs Zirnis. Renovation began with the metal tower frame. A rooster – a precise reproduction of the previous rooster and the seventh rooster in all – was placed atop the steeple 21 August 1970. The renovated tower clock began to show time in July 1975. According to tradition, it has only an hour hand. The bell music began in 1976; it plays the Latvian folk melody "Rīga dimd" five times a day and bells ring at the top of every hour. The tower has an elevator installed that allows visitors a view of Riga from a height of . Renovation of the interior of the church ended in 1984. The Polish company "PKZ" restored the main facade and portals in 1987–91. The St. Peter's Latvian Lutheran congregation resumed services in the church 1991, and the church was returned to the ownership of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia on 4 April 2006.
During World War II, the church lost an important object of cultural heritage - an impressive bronze candelabrum made in 1596 - which was taken to the town of Włocławek by Germans from Riga, resettled during "Heim ins Reich" action to annexed Polish territories. The 310 cm high and 378 cm wide candelabrum, previously called a standing lantern, was ordered by the City Council of Riga from the metal founder Hans Meyer's Riga foundry. After the war, it was displayed in Włocławek's Basilica Cathedral of the St. Mary of Assumption. On 1 March 2012 this piece of the Late Renaissance art returned to its ancient home, as a result of an agreement on the repatriation of cultural properties. The statue of the rooster on the top of the church weighs 158 kg and 140 grams of gold were used to gold plate the statue.
Gallery
Panorama
References
Sources
External links
13th-century churches in Latvia
Churches completed in 1419
15th-century churches in Latvia
Churches in Riga
Gothic architecture in Latvia
Romanesque architecture in Latvia
Baroque architecture in Latvia
Rebuilt churches
Lutheran churches in Latvia
George Bookasta (July 14, 1917 – March 26, 2014) was an American child actor and director who was discovered by Charlie Chaplin. They signed a contract with the film studio United Artists and debuted in the silent film Rosita in 1923. Some of their other films included The Night Bird, Hell Harbor and It Had to Happen. Bookasta was a stand-in in Sergeant York in 1941.
As an adult, they created the magazine TV Times, directed episodes for television shows such as The Colgate Comedy Hour and Bachelor Father, and led a big band orchestra in New York.
Bookasta died March 26, 2014, at the age of 96.
References
External links
George Bookasta at the American Film Institute
1917 births
2014 deaths
American male film actors
American male child actors
Male actors from Kansas City, Missouri
American male silent film actors
20th-century American male actors
Doreen Ingleton (born 11 January 1956) is an English actor, known for Everybody Loves Sunshine, The Incredible Adventures of Professor Branestawm and Filth: The Mary Whitehouse Story.
Credits
Television
Film
References
External links
English television actores
Living people
1956 births
Elliot Michael Tiber (born Eliyahu Teichberg; April 15, 1935 – August 3, 2016) was an artist, professor, and screenwriter who wrote a memoir about the Woodstock Festival held in Bethel, New York in 1969. They claimed responsibility for the relocation of the festival after a permit for it was withdrawn by the zoning board of a nearby town.
Tiber's 2007 memoir Taking Woodstock, written with Tom Monte, was adapted into a movie of the same name by Ang Lee. The film opened in the United States in August 2009. In the film, Tiber is portrayed by comedian Demetri Martin.
Early and personal life
Tiber was born as Eliyahu Teichberg, in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York. Their family moved to White Lake in Bethel in 1955 where they acquired a rooming house that they expanded into a motel, called the El Monaco Motel, at the intersection of New York Route 17B and New York Route 55 near the southeast shore of White Lake. They were Jewish. They changed their name before enrolling in college.
Tiber graduated from Midwood High School in Brooklyn, and attended Brooklyn College and received a BFA from Hunter College. They were in the MFA program at Pratt Institute.
Tiber died at the age of 81 in Boca Raton, Florida from complications of a stroke.
Taking Woodstock
In their book Taking Woodstock, Tiber says they were present at the Stonewall Riots on June 28, 1969, and that they had a part in bringing the Woodstock Festival to Bethel, New York on August 15–17, 1969.
Tiber said they led a closeted life in Bethel in the early 1960s as they spent time managing their parents' El Monaco Motel, serving as president of the Bethel Chamber of Commerce, and, at the same time, participating in the gay scene in New York, where they lived.
According to Taking Woodstock, Tiber read that Wallkill, Orange County, New York had on July 15, 1969–30 days before the music festival was to start—pulled the plug on the planned Woodstock Festival at the Mills Industrial Park northeast of Middletown, New York.
Tiber says in the book that they had a permit for the White Lake Music and Arts Festival, a planned chamber music event at their motel. They contacted Michael Lang on or about July 18 and pitched the idea of having the festival on along the edge of White Lake by the motel.
According to Taking Woodstock, when Lang said the motel property was too small, Tiber introduced the Woodstock festival producers to dairy farmer Max Yasgur, and helped facilitate the deal.
Lang, however, says that Tiber referred them to a local real estate salesperson, and that the salesperson drove Lang, without the Tiber, to Yasgur's farm. Sam Yasgur, son of Max Yasgur, agrees with Lang's version, and said that their mother, who is still alive, said that Max did not know Tiber. Artie Kornfeld, a Woodstock organizer, has said they found out about Yasgur's farm from their own sources.
The motel later became an Italian restaurant before being torn down in 2004. It is now marked by a clock tower welcoming people to White Lake.
Tiber left Bethel shortly after Woodstock and soon moved to Los Angeles, where they became a movie set designer.
Screenwriter
Their 1970s book, Rue Haute, was made into a French-language film directed by their domestic partner, André Ernotte. It was Belgium's entry for the 49th Academy Awards Best Foreign Language Film in 1977. The book was released in English in the United States in 1977 under the name High Street.
Teaching career
They taught creative writing at New School University, fine art at Hunter College, and art design history at the New York Institute of Technology.
Books
High Street, Avon (1977)
Knock on Woodstock: The Uproarious, Uncensored Story of the Woodstock Festival, the Gay Man Who Made It Happen, and How They Earned Their Ticket to Freedom, Joel Friedlander (1994), .
Taking Woodstock (with Tom Monte), Square One publisher (June 15, 2007), .
Palm Trees on the Hudson (2010)
After Woodstock , Square One publisher (March 2, 2015), .
See also
Taking Woodstock (book)
References
External links
Elliot Tiber website
Elliot Tiber - A Woodstock Story
Palm Trees on the Hudson website
1935 births
2016 deaths
Jewish American writers
Brooklyn College alumni
American gay writers
Hunter College alumni
LGBT Jews
Midwood High School alumni
People from Bethel, New York
People from Bensonhurst, Brooklyn
People from Sullivan County, New York
Pratt Institute alumni
21st-century American Jews
Hareh Pak (, also Romanized as Hareh Pāk) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 30 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Worlds End is a small village in the civil parish of Denmead in the City of Winchester district of Hampshire, England. The village is about north of Portsmouth and north-west of Waterlooville, its nearest town. It has one of the oldest postboxes in the United Kingdom.
Notes
Villages in Hampshire
Somberek (, ) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary. Residents are Hungarians, with a minority of Germans and their descendants.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Serb communities in Hungary
Vice-Admiral Harold Taylor Wood Grant, (March 16, 1899 – May 8, 1965) was a Canadian naval officer and a post-war Chief of the Naval Staff. The son of Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, MacCallum Grant, Harold Grant entered the Royal Canadian Navy as a cadet in 1914. They spent most of the First World War in training until 1917, when they became a midshipman aboard a British Royal Navy ship. Considered an above average officer, they were earmarked for early promotion during the interwar period and by 1938, commanded the destroyer .
During the Second World War, Grant was sent to command the British cruisers and as training in preparation for the Canadian acquisition of the ship type later in the war. During their time in command of Enterprise, they took part in the Battle of the Bay of Biscay, earning their Distinguished Service Order, the invasion of Normandy and bombardment of Cherbourg where they were wounded. They then commanded the Canadian cruiser until war's end.
Following the war, Grant served as a staff officer and deputy to the Chief of the Naval Staff, Howard E. Reid. Grant succeeded Reid as Chief of the Naval Staff on September 1, 1947 and was made vice admiral. They commanded the Royal Canadian Navy through the early years of the Cold War and the Korean War, during which a series of personnel unrest, the restructuring of the navy, and the beginning of the anti-submarine warfare specialisation took place. Grant retired from the navy on December 1, 1951.
Early life
Grant was born on March 16, 1899 in Halifax, Nova Scotia to Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia MacCallum Grant and Laura MacNeill Parker Grant. They had one sister and five brothers, one of whom was John Moreau Grant. They studied at the Royal Naval College of Canada at Halifax from 1914 to 1917. As a cadet, Grant was often ill but considered of good character and graduated with a first-class certificate.
Naval career
Early career
During the First World War, Grant was sent to the British Royal Navy for further training and was a midshipman with in February 1917. They then served aboard and in the Atlantic and North Sea. In 1919, Grant was promoted to sub-lieutenant and posted aboard that saw service in the Baltic Sea. They returned to Canada in 1923. That year they were posted to based at Halifax and based at Vancouver, British Columbia the following year. Beginning in 1927, Grant served in several Royal Navy warships including the battleships and . They returned to Canada again in 1934.
Considered an above average officer by senior Canadian officers Leonard W. Murray and George C. Jones, Grant was earmarked for early promotion and reached the rank of commander in 1935. Grant chose navigation as their specialty and attended Royal Navy staff courses. Upon their return to Canada, they were appointed to . In 1932, they married Christian Mitchell of Halifax, from an old Haligonian family and a secretary to the deputy minister of Defence. They served as Director of Canadian Naval Plans and Director of Naval Reserves. It was during this period that the Chief of the Naval Staff, Percy W. Nelles rebuked Grant, having thought their promotion had gone to their head and earned a reprimand for poor behaviour. In 1936, Grant was sent back overseas to join the staff of the Royal Navy Commander-in-Chief, Atlantic Fleet and take further staff courses. In 1938, they returned to Canada and was appointed commanding officer of the destroyer .
Second World War
At the outbreak of the Second World War, Grant was a member of the command staff of the Atlantic Coast. Promoted to captain in 1940, they became Director of Naval Personnel. It was during this period that Grant suggested that the expansion of the navy be halted to consolidate and train the existing personnel. They were overruled. Grant was then sent east where they appointed Captain (D) in St. John's in command of the destroyers assigned to the Newfoundland Escort Force. Six months later they were made commanding officer of the Royal Navy cruiser in March 1943. This was done by Nelles to give Canadian officers experience with larger ships as the Royal Canadian Navy was intending to acquire cruisers and aircraft carriers as the war continued. Six months later, they shifted their command to the cruiser . They were awarded the Distinguished Service Order for "gallantry and skill and good service in command of HMS Enterprise in an action with enemy destroyers".
On December 28, 1943, in the Bay of Biscay, Enterprise and fellow light cruiser, took on 11 German destroyers. The two ships sank three German ships, damaged several other German ships and chased the rest of the German ships into a French port. They were Mentioned in Despatches for their service during the D-Day invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944. During the invasion, Enterprise conducted shore bombardment in support of the invasion forces at Utah Beach. They were awarded the Bronze Star Medal by the United States for their actions during the naval bombardment of Cherbourg on June 25, 1944, during which they were wounded in an exchange with shore batteries. After leaving Enterprise, Grant returned to Royal Canadian Navy service and commissioned the cruiser and deployed to the Pacific. However, the surrender of Japan ended the war before Ontario could arrive and instead Grant and the cruiser helped re-establish British control over Hong Kong. Grant was awarded the Companion of the Order of the British Empire in January 1946.
Chief of the Naval Staff
Grant was promoted rear admiral in February 1946 and was appointed Chief of Administration Services and Supply in Ottawa, Ontario. They served as deputy to Chief of the Naval Staff Howard E. Reid, but for the most part, influenced the policy of the time more than Reid. Following the end of the war, the Royal Canadian Navy was greatly reduced in size, with fewer ships and those ships in service only partially manned. Grant had a tendency to promote regular force officers over those of reserve backgrounds. They also maintained that senior officers did not require formal staff training. Grant was considered "blunt, arbitrary, a firm decision-maker and a sea-dog to the core."
By the time of Grant's promotion to vice admiral, appointment as the Chief of the Naval Staff and successor to Reid on September 1, 1947, the Minister of National Defence, Brooke Claxton sought to focus the navy's efforts on anti-submarine warfare (ASW) defence. Grant approved of Canada's new commitments to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). However, they disapproved of Claxton's interference in naval affairs and some of these, including the re-arrangement of ranks within Canada's armed forces was one of the factors that led to a series of personnel unrest in 1949. Following the unrest, a commission was set up by Claxton headed by Rear-Admiral Rollo Mainguy. Grant wanted the commission to be internal, but Claxton refused. Mainguy was Grant's man on the commission while Claxton chose Louis Audette, a former naval reservist who disliked Grant. The report latter found that several deficiencies in morale, training and leadership. It also affirmed that a Canadian identity for the navy should be expanded. Grant had already put in motion several initiatives to correct them, with the exception of the Canadian identity. Grant initially refused to support this recommendation and it was only with Claxton's pushing that Grant acted on it.
In 1950, the Korean War began and the Royal Canadian Navy was the only Canadian force able to send units immediately to the Korean Peninsula. At the same time, Grant was pushing for increased support for naval aviation and the new s. The Korean War allowed Grant to seek funds for naval expansion and seven of the St. Laurents were authorised, along with increased personnel and active ships. The first of the St. Laurents, was launched on November 30, 1951. On December 1, Grant retired. The launch of St. Laurent established Canada's naval identity for the remainder of the Cold War as an ASW-specialised force. Grant was succeeded as Chief of the Naval Staff by Vice-Admiral Rollo Mainguy. After retiring, they continued with naval life, serving as the president of the Royal Canadian Naval Benevolent Fund from 1956 to 1963. Grant died in Rockcliffe Park, Ottawa, Ontario on May 8, 1965. They were buried at Fairview Cemetery in Halifax. They were survived by their wife and three children.
Citations
Sources
1899 births
1979 deaths
Canadian admirals
Canadian military personnel from Nova Scotia
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Canadian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Canadian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
People from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Royal Canadian Navy officers
Commanders of the Royal Canadian Navy
Pinaki Chaudhuri পিনাকী চৌধুরী (born 1940) is an Indian academic and film director.
Career
They started their career as a tabla player, trained by Ustad Kermatullah Khan and accompanied the Legend Pandit Ravi Shankar in London.
Their brilliant academic career spanned from studying Physics at Jadavpur University culminating in exposure to Electrical engineering course at London University. Their professional career as an entrepreneur was remarkably successful. Destiny dictated their entry into the film world, initially as a producer and subsequently as a director. Their illustrious journey as a filmmaker included several acclaimed telefilms & feature films and is crowned with two National Awards for the Best Feature Fim in Bengali, first one in 1996 for 'Shonghaath' and again in 2007 for Ballygunge Court. Pinaki Chowdhury was honoured as Jury Member in various notable Film Festivals & was even the Chairman of the Jury Board for selection of Indian films for National Awards.
Filmography
As Director
Chena Achena (1983)
Sanghat (1996)
Kakababu Here Gelen? (1995)
Ek Tukro Chand (2001)
Ballygunge Court (2007)
Arohan (2010)
References
External links
pinakichaudhuri.com - about
Living people
1940 births
Film producers from Kolkata
Indian expatriates in the United Kingdom
Jadavpur University alumni
Alumni of the University of London
Film directors from Kolkata
Stephen A. Satterfield (born April 18, 1985) is an African-American food writer, producer, and media entrepreneur.  They are the television host of 2021 Netflix docu-series [[High on the Hog: How African American Cuisine Transformed America|High on the Hog: How African American Cuisine Transformed America]].
Biography
Early life
Satterfield was born April 18, 1985, at Crawford Long Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia to parents Sam and Debbie Satterfield. Their family lived in Stone Mountain, Georgia and Decatur, Georgia during their childhood. They graduated from Holy Innocents' Episcopal School in Sandy Springs, Georgia in 2002.
Career
After attending the University of Oregon for one year, Satterfield attended culinary school at the Western Culinary Institute in Portland, Oregon. They became a sommelier by age 21.
In 2007 they founded the International Society of Africans in Wine, a non-profit foundation to support Black winemakers in Africa. They moved to San Francisco in 2010 and became manager of the farm-to-table restaurant Nopa. In 2016 they cofounded Whetstone, a quarterly magazine exploring food history and culture. In 2018 they founded Whetstone Media. The company partnered with iHeartRadio to launch the food anthropology podcast Point of Origin as an audio adaptation of the magazine.
Satterfield was the host of the Netflix docu-series High on the Hog: How African American Cuisine Transformed America released in May 2021.
Philosophical views
Satterfield endeavors to consider food holistically as a means of connecting to the human experience and better understanding the world. They work to bring diverse viewpoints to food writing.
Honors and awards
Satterfield was selected as a 2016 Food Writing Fellow by The Culinary Trust and assigned to work on the website Civil Eats.
References
External links
Whetstone magazine
Living people
1985 births
People from Atlanta
American food writers
Sommeliers
Netflix people
Andrea Benini (born March 14, 1977), better known by their stage name Mop Mop, is an Italian musician and producer. They perform with their band, the Mop Mop Combo, as well as a DJ worldwide. Mop Mop achieved international recognition when they were included in the soundtrack of Woody Allen's To Rome With Love in 2012.
Mop Mop's single "Run Around", featuring Funk legend Fred Wesley on trombone and Anthony Joseph on vocals, has been charted as best dancefloor jazz track of 2013 according to Red Bull Music Academy Germany.
Mop Mop Combo personnel
Andrea Benini - Drums
Anthony Joseph - Vocals
Alex Trebo - Piano, Keyboards
Pasquale Mirra - Vibraphone
Salvatore Lauriola - Bass
Telonio - Bass
Danilo Mineo - Percussion
Discography
Studio albums
The 11th Pill (2005, Tam Tam Studio)
Kiss of Kali (2009, INFRACom!)
Ritual of the Savage (2010, INFRACom!)
Isle of Magic (2013, Agogo)
Lunar Love (2016, Agogo)
EPs and singles
Perfect Day EP, 12" EP (2006)
Locomotive, Single (2008)
Kiss of Kali, 12" EP (2008)
Ritual of the Savage Remix, EP (2010)
Ash, Single (2010)
Ritual of the Savage Remix Vol2, EP (2011)
Remixed : A Tropical Reconstruction, 12" EP (2013)
References
External links
Official website
Mop Mop at Discogs
The Financial Times music's review of Mop Mop album Isle Of Magic
Italian jazz musicians
Italian electronic musicians
Electronica musicians
Intelligent dance musicians
Remixers
Musical groups established in 2005
1977 births
Living people
People from Cesena
Phtheochroides apicana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Japan (Hokkaido to Kyushu) and the Kuril Islands. The habitat consists of fir-yew-broad-leaved forests.
References
Moths described in 1900
Cochylini
Bartolomeo Fanfulla's parents, Domenico Alon and Angela Folli, gave them multiple names: Giovanni or Giovanni Battista (in honour of the Evangelical preacher), Bartolomeo (in honour of Bartolomeo Colleoni) and Tito (in honour of the great Roman emperor). Born in the province of Lodi (but for Guicciardini they are allegedly from Parma), Fanfulla almost certainly died 24 February 1525 in the battle of Pavia. They had at least four children (Marc'Antonio, Ambrosio, Giorgio and Domenico) and nine grandchildren.
They were first a soldier of fortune, then knight and finally captain of a flag between 1499 and 1525.
They say of him:
In their life they fought on the side of Florence (1499), Spain (from 1503) and empire (from 1515) having as enemies Pisa (in 1499) and France (from 1503 onwards).
Together with Ettore Fieramosca they were the main character of the famous battle of Barletta, which on 13 February 1503 saw thirteen Italian warriors fight against the same number of Frenchmen. Having remained horseless (together with Giovanni Bracalone) during the fight, they fought on foot killing the horses of the French jousters. At the end of the battle, they were knighted by the Spanish potestà (chief magistrate) Consalvo di Cordoba.
 They are one of the main characters of the novel Ettore Fieramosca o La disfida di Barletta (1833), by the politician and man of letters Massimo d'Azeglio, in which the author's phantasy introduces them as an astute, fun and jolly man. The resulting colourful portrait of heroic soldier of fortune gave Fanfulla their fame.
Fanfulla is considered one of the symbols of the town of Lodi and of its territory, so much so that a number of local sports clubs take inspiration from their figure: among the most awarded there is the A.S.Ginnastica e Scherma Fanfulla 1874, l'Atletica Fanfulla and the Associazione Calcio Fanfulla 1874. Moreover, the biscuits Amaretti Fanfullini, a typical product of Lodi, owe their name to him.
A famous Italian goliardic song from the 20th century has been also dedicated to Fanfulla: Fanfulla da Lodi.
In the city of Lecce, bronze statue of them by the Italian sculptor Antonio Bortone from Ruffano is found in the square Raimondello Orsini.
Battles they took part in
They took part in all the main battles of the 16th century. Always giving proof of their great courage they travelled throughout Italy taking part in:
the siege of Pisa of 1499 (at the side of Paolo Vitelli),
the battle of Cerignola of 1503 (at the service of the Duke of Termoli),
the challenge of Barletta of 13 February 1503,
the battle of Ravenna (1512) (in which they were made prisoner),
the battle of Villafranca (1515),
probably also the battle of Pavia of 24 February 1525 (where it is presumed they died).
Famous quotations
They have said of him:
"The warrior svelto di corpo e bizzarro d'ingegno, il cavaliere di ventura ricco d'ardimento, con qualche macchia forse, but certainly fearless and with an enormous carica enorme di simpatia, true symbol of the human and Italian saper vivere" (Massimo D'Azeglio).
"Uomo valoroso. Disprezzava ogni pericolo della vita in battaglia".
"Di animo altero e superbo".
"Despising any danger in the battle" (Paolo Giovio).
"Fanfulla is the unpredictable and unexpected side of a Lodi otherwise known as placid and slow-paced; however, there is vitality, it exists, it manifests itself and it certainly does so in the sports field. That little bit or a lot of Fanfulla, swordsman of good fortune, which still resides in us all citizens of Lodi, must push us to revive sport in Lodi" (Age Bassi, Lodi fra storia e cronaca, 1919-1945) (Lodi between history and chronicle, 1919-1945).
References in popular culture
They appeared as a comics strip character (drawings by Willy Signoroni and text by Andrea Maietti) in the Italian local daily newspaper il Cittadino in the years 2000.
The Italian goliardic song Fanfulla da Lodi has been dedicated to him; Il barone Fanfulla da Lodi is also a track from the album Polenta violenta (2007) by the lombard heavy metal musician Ul Mik Longobardeath.
Fanfulla appears on film in Fanfulla da Lodi (1940), directed by Carlo Duse and Giulio Antamoro (with Ennio Cerlesi, Germana Paolieri and Osvaldo Valenti). Another presence of Fanfulla is in Soldier of Fortune (1976), directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile, where they are portrayed by Gino Pernice.
Fanfulla da Lodi has represented an excellent subject for theatre works entitled to him, mainly inspired by the plots of the novels by D'Azeglio.
Image gallery
References
Bibliography
In Italian:
Massimo D'Azeglio, Ettore Fieramosca o La disfida di Barletta, 1833.
Napoleone Gotti, Fanfulla, 1875, published in appendix to the satirical periodic publication "Il Fanfulla" founded in Florence in 1870 and active in Rome from 1871 to 1899.
Pia Piccoli Addoli, Il romanzo di Fanfulla (a richly illustrated synthesis by Gustavino of the two novels by Massimo D'Azeglio), 1940, UTET.
Pietro Novati, Fanfulla da Lodi, 1982, Ed. Lodigraf.
External links
in Italian
Biographical notes
Fanfulla the warrior
Remembrance plaques of 1903 and 1983 at Mairago
Birth home of Fanfulla
Marciano della Chiana: fortress belonged to Fanfulla according to Umbrian tradition
Italian soldiers
1477 births
1525 deaths
Gerald Nesbitt (born June 8, 1932) was a Canadian football player who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1960. They played college football for the University of Arkansas Razorbacks.
References
1932 births
Sportspeople from Little Rock, Arkansas
Players of American football from Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks football players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Living people
Nail Narimanovich Mukhamedyarov () is a Soviet weightlifter. They won a Silver medal in the 90 kg class at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Mukhamedyarov also won a Silver medal in the 110 kg class at the 1990 World Weightlifting Championships in Budapest.
References
External links
Profile at Infosport.ru
1962 births
Living people
People from Andijan Region
Soviet male weightlifters
Uzbekistani male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of the Soviet Union
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Daniel James Abraham (born November 14, 1969), pen names M. L. N. Hanover and James S. A. Corey, is an American novelist, comic book writer, screenwriter, and television producer.  They are best known as the author of The Long Price Quartet and The Dagger and the Coin fantasy series, and with Ty Franck, as the co-author of The Expanse science fiction series, written under the joint pseudonym James S. A. Corey. The series has been adapted into the television series The Expanse (2015–2022), with both Abraham and Franck serving as writers and producers on the show. They also contributed to Wildcards anthology series shared universe.
Under the pseudonym M. L. N. Hanover, Abraham is the author of the Black Sun's Daughter urban fantasy series. With Franck, they wrote the Star Wars novel Honor Among Thieves (2014), again as James S. A. Corey. Abraham collaborated with George R. R. Martin and Gardner Dozois to write the science fiction novel Hunter's Run (2007). A frequent collaborator of Martin, Abraham has adapted several of Martin's novels into comic books and graphic novels, such as A Game of Thrones: The Graphic Novel, and they have contributed to Martin's Wild Cards universe.
Their short stories have appeared in numerous publications and anthologies, and have been collected in Leviathan Wept and Other Stories (2010). Leviathan Wakes, book one of The Expanse, was nominated for the 2012 Hugo Award for Best Novel and the 2012 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel. Their novelette "Flat Diane" was nominated for the Nebula Award. Their novelette "The Cambist and Lord Iron: a Fairytale of Economics" was nominated for the Hugo Award and the World Fantasy Award. Abraham is a graduate of Clarion West Writers Workshop 1998.
In 2022, they appeared on Storybound reading from their book Age of Ash while intermittently sharing anecdotes of their upbringing as a young writer.
Career
Early work
In 1996, Abraham's first short story, "Mixing Rebecca", was published in The Silver Web #13. It was followed by several dozen short stories, novelettes, and novellas, published in anthologies, and magazines like Asimov's Science Fiction and Fantasy & Science Fiction. Their novelette "Flat Diane" won the 2005 International Horror Guild Award and was nominated for the 2006 Nebula Award. Their novelette "The Cambist and Lord Iron: a Fairytale of Economics" was nominated for the 2008 Hugo Award and the 2008 World Fantasy Award.
Wild Cards
Abraham made their first contribution to the Wild Cards shared world anthology universe in Deuces Down, published June 25, 2002, with their story "Father Henry's Little Miracle". Abraham contributed the Johnathan Hive story-line to Inside Straight, published on January 21, 2008 by Tor Books as part of a new line of Wild Cards books edited by George R. R. Martin. They wrote the character Johnathan "Bugsy" Tipton-Clarke in Suicide Kings, released on December 22, 2009. A six-issue limited comic book series, Wild Cards: The Hard Call, was written by Abraham with art by Eric Battle. The series was initially published in 2008 by Dabel Brothers, and concluded in 2010 with Dynamite Entertainment taking over as publisher. In 2013 Tor.com published Abraham's new Wild Cards short story, "When We Were Heroes", edited by Martin.
Hunter's Run
In September 2007, Eos Books published the science fiction novel Hunter's Run, a collaboration between Abraham, George R. R. Martin, and Gardner Dozois. The story began as an untitled novella written by Dozois and submitted to Martin for critique in 1977. Years later, Dozois was suffering from writer's block and asked Martin to help them finish the story. In 2002, Martin and Dozois decided to bring in a third author to finish the novella, asking Abraham to overhaul the 20,000-word manuscripts and write an ending. The resulting novella, "Shadow Twin", was released online on Sci Fiction in 2004, and later reprinted in Asimov's Science Fiction and published as a chapbook by Subterranean Press. The novel version was suggested by Martin, and retitled Hunter's Run to avoid confusion with the novella version. The writers "threw everything out" to write the novel, each doing passes on the manuscript, with Dozois putting the finishing touches to the novel.
The Expanse
In 2011, Abraham launched a new science fiction series, The Expanse, co-authored with Ty Franck under the joint pseudonym James S. A. Corey. The books are based on a role-playing game set up by Franck, who had developed a science fiction universe that spanned the solar system. After Franck moved to New Mexico and became part of the science fiction writing community, they set up several campaigns of the game, one that included Abraham as a player. Abraham was impressed by the amount of research and world-building Franck had done and asked to write a novel set in the game's universe. Franck agreed and decided to split the proceeds of the book with Abraham for their part in writing from Franck's notes and outline. After reading Abraham's first chapters, Franck decided to become more involved with the writing. The pair collaborate on the overarching plot, meeting weekly to outline chapters, with Abraham focusing on structure and prose, and Franck developing the story and world. They alternate chapters, writing for different characters each, with Abraham writing Miller, Melba, Avasarala, Bull, and Prax, then swap and rewrite the other's work. By the end of the process, Abraham has stated it would be hard to identify which line was written by which author.
The first book, Leviathan Wakes, was published in June 2011 by Orbit, Abraham's publishing house for their fantasy series The Dagger and the Coin. The novel was nominated for the Hugo Award in 2012 and received acclaim from the science fiction community. A prequel short story titled "The Butcher of Anderson Station" was published in October 2011 and provides background to one of the secondary characters of Leviathan Wakes, Colonel Fred Johnson.
Its sequel, Caliban's War, was published in June 2012. The novel expanded the number of point of view characters from two to four, which according to Abraham, allowed for more freedom to explore the characters' situations. The novel was followed by a novella, Gods of Risk, published in September 2012. The story takes place between the second and third books of the series, and is set in the same time period as the main novels but follows a separate story-line. A second prequel short story, "Drive", was published in the anthology Edge of Infinity in November 2012, set decades before the first novel.
The third book, Abaddon's Gate, was released in June 2013, and won the Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel. A second prequel novella, The Churn, was published in April 2014 and features the main series character Amos Burton.
The fourth book, Cibola Burn, was published in June 2014, the first novel in the series to be released in hardcover. The fifth book, Nemesis Games, was released in June 2015, and was praised by Andrew Liptak of io9 as "Corey's Empire Strikes Back." It was followed by the novella The Vital Abyss in October 2015.
The sixth book, Babylon's Ashes, was released in December 2016; and the seventh, Persepolis Rising, in December 2017. The final installation, Leviathan Falls, was released in November 2021.
A Game of Thrones graphic novels
Abraham adapted George R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones, the first novel of A Song of Ice and Fire, into a comic book series. The 24-issue series featured art by Tommy Patterson and colors by Ivan Nunes, and was published by Dynamite Entertainment from September 21, 2011 to July 30, 2014. It was collected as four hardcover graphic novels by Bantam Books, the first volume featuring a preface by Martin. In 2014, Abraham stated that they would not be adapting A Clash of Kings.
Honor Among Thieves
In New York Comic Con 2013, Del Rey Books announced a new Star Wars novel by Abraham and Ty Franck, writing as James S. A. Corey. The book would be a standalone novel focusing on Han Solo, set between Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back. Honor Among Thieves was released on March 4, 2014, as the second installment of the Empire and Rebellion series. The writers watched A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back several times to capture Han Solo's voice while writing the book. A short story written by Corey titled "Silver and Scarlet" was included in the book as well as published in Star Wars Insider #148. A month after the novel was published, the Star Wars Expanded Universe was declared non-canon and renamed Star Wars Legends after the Disney acquisition of Lucasfilm, making Honor Among Thieves the last Expanded Universe publication.
The Expanse television series
In September 2013 Alcon Television Group acquired the rights to the Expanse novels to be developed as a television series. Syfy gave a straight-to-series order for a 10-episode first season of the show in April 2014. The series premiered on demand on November 23, 2015, and on Syfy on December 14, 2015. The Expanse was developed by Mark Fergus & Hawk Ostby, who wrote the pilot and serve as writers, executive producers, and showrunners alongside Naren Shankar. Writing for a second season commenced in May 2015, before the first season aired, and was officially ordered for in December 2015, with an increased order of 13 episodes. SyFy aired the second-season premiere on February 1, 2017. Abraham and Ty Franck, who write the novels under the joint pseudonym James S. A. Corey, serve as writers and producers on the show. They co-wrote the seventh episode, "Windmills".
Personal life
Abraham lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico, with their wife Katherine Abraham and their daughter Scarlet.
Published works
The Long Price Quartet
A Shadow in Summer (March 7, 2006)
A Betrayal in Winter (August 21, 2007)
An Autumn War (July 22, 2008)
The Price of Spring (July 21, 2009)
Omnibus editions:
Shadow and Betrayal (collects first and second books) (January 21, 2010)
Seasons of War (collects third and fourth books) (also published as The Price of War) (January 21, 2010)
Black Sun's Daughter series
Unclean Spirits (as M. L. N. Hanover) (December 2, 2008)
Darker Angels (as M. L. N. Hanover) (September 29, 2009)
Vicious Grace (as M. L. N. Hanover) (November 30, 2010)
Killing Rites (as M. L. N. Hanover) (November 29, 2011)
Graveyard Child (as M. L. N. Hanover) (April 30, 2013)
The Dagger and the Coin series
The Dragon's Path (April 7, 2011)
The King's Blood (May 22, 2012)
The Tyrant's Law (May 14, 2013)
The Widow's House (August 5, 2014)
The Spider's War (March 8, 2016)
The Expanse series
The Expanse space opera novels are written by Abraham and Ty Franck under the joint pseudonym James S. A. Corey.
Leviathan Wakes (June 15, 2011)
Caliban's War (June 26, 2012)
Abaddon's Gate (June 4, 2013)
Cibola Burn (June 5, 2014)
Nemesis Games (June 2, 2015)
Babylon's Ashes (December 6, 2016)
Persepolis Rising (December 5, 2017)
Tiamat's Wrath (March 26, 2019)
Leviathan Falls (November 30, 2021)
Related works
"The Butcher of Anderson Station" (The Expanse short story) (2011)
Gods of Risk (The Expanse novella) (2012)
"Drive" (The Expanse short story) (2012)
The Churn (The Expanse novella) (2014)
The Vital Abyss (The Expanse novella) (2015)
Strange Dogs (The Expanse novella) (2017)
"The Last Flight of the Cassandra" (The Expanse short story) (2019)
Auberon (The Expanse novella) (2019)
The Sins of Our Fathers (The Expanse novella) (2022)
Memory's Legion (A collection of Expanse short stories and novellas) (2022)
The Kithamar Trilogy
Age of Ash (February 15, 2022)
Other novels
Hunter's Run (with Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin) (2007)
Inside Straight (with other authors, edited by George R. R. Martin) (Wild Cards mosaic novel) (2008)
Suicide Kings (with other authors, edited by George R. R. Martin) (Wild Cards mosaic novel) (2009)
"The Incident of the Harrowmoor Dogs" (Novella) (2013)
Honor Among Thieves (with Ty Franck as James S. A. Corey) (Star Wars: Empire and Rebellion, book 2) (2014)
Comic books
A Game of Thrones: The Graphic Novel #1–24 (September 2011–July 2014)
Volume 1 (collects #1–6, with George R. R. Martin and Tommy Patterson, hc, 240 pages, Bantam/Dynamite Entertainment, 2012)
Volume 2 (collects #7–12, with George R. R. Martin and Tommy Patterson, hc, 240 pages, Bantam/Dynamite Entertainment, 2013)
Volume 3 (collects #13–18, with George R. R. Martin and Tommy Patterson, hc, 224 pages, Bantam/Dynamite Entertainment, 2014)
Volume 4 (collects #19–24, with George R. R. Martin and Tommy Patterson, hc, 208 pages, Bantam/Dynamite Entertainment, 2015)
George R. R. Martin's Wild Cards: The Hard Call #1–6 (6-issue limited series, with Eric Battle, April 2008–July 2010, collected in George R. R. Martin's Wild Cards: The Hard Call, hc, 160 pages, Dynamite, 2011)
George R. R. Martin's Fevre Dream #1–10 (10-issue limited series, with George R. R. Martin and Rafa Lopez, March–December 2010, collected in George R. R. Martin's Fevre Dream, hc, 256 pages, Avatar Press, 2011)
Skin Trade #1–4 (4-issue limited series, with George R. R. Martin and Mike Wolfer, July–December 2013, collected in George R. R. Martin's Skin Trade, tpb, 104 pages, Avatar Press, 2014)
Collections
Leviathan Wept and Other Stories (May 31, 2010)
Filmography
Television
Selected accolades
References
External links
Daniel Abraham at Fantasy Literature
Ty Franck, Corey, and Hanover at LC Authorities
1969 births
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American short story writers
American comics writers
American fantasy writers
American male novelists
American male short story writers
American science fiction writers
Hugo Award-winning writers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Weird fiction writers
Writers from New Mexico
Forgotten Prophecies is Paragon's 8th studio album, released in mid-2007. Bassist Jan Bünning left the band shortly after recordings of the album were completed. The album is also the first to feature drummer Christian Gripp.
Songs
"Hammer Of The Gods" (Christian / Bünning) - 5:24
"Arise" (Christian / Gripp / Babuschkin) - 5:08
"Face Of Death" (Kruse / Babuschkin) - 3:51
"Halls Of Doom" (Christian / Gripp / Babuschkin) - 4:36
"Revelations" (Christian) - 2:06
"Forgotten Prophecies" (Christian / Bünning / Babuschkin) - 4:57
"Agony" (Christian / Kruse / Babuschkin) - 7:31
"Souleaters" (Christian / Kruse / Bünning / Babuschkin) - 5:09
"Gangland" (Christian / Gripp / Babuschkin) - 4:59
"Wargods" (Christian / Babuschkin) - 3:20
"Deny The Cross (Overkill cover)" - 4:38
The album will also be released as a Limited Digipak-version, including a bonus DVD with these songs:
"The Legacy"
"Traitor"
"Impaler"
"Revenge"
"Across The Wastelands"
"Palace Of Sin"
"Armies Of The Tyrant"
"Thunderstorm"
"Deathsquad"
"Beyond The Veil"
Credits
Andreas Babuschkin - Vocals
Martin Christian - Guitars / Backing vocals
Günny Kruse - Guitars / Backing vocals
Jan Bünning - Bass / Backing vocals
Christian Gripp - Drums
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20070324133641/http://www.roadrunnerrecords.com/blabbermouth.net/news.aspx?mode=Article&newsitemID=69033
2007 albums
Paragon (band) albums
Ernest Butler (17 June 1896–1979) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Durham City, Hartlepools United and Queens Park Rangers.
References
1896 births
1969 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Ebbw Vale F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
Durham City A.F.C. players
Two ships were named Empire Orwell.
Ship names
Stunt Copter is a monochrome Macintosh action game written by Duane Blehm and published by their Kansas-based company, HomeTown Software, in 1986. Blehm's other games include Cairo Shootout, ZeroGravity, and PUZZ'L. They died unexpectedly in June 1988.
Gameplay
The game involves piloting a small helicopter around a playfield. The player has to position the helicopter and drop a person suspended from the aircraft onto a hay bale or moving cart. If incorrectly timed, the person might fall onto the ground or injure the horse or the driver of the cart.
Legacy
After their death, their parents released their games and source code into the public domain.
MacAddict magazine used Stunt Copter to demonstrate software compatibility of Mac OS X public beta. An OS X version was released by Antell Software.
A iPhone version was released by nerdgames in 2009. In 2011, an iPad version of Stunt Copter was released by Apollo Software which is similar to the original.
In 2018, a collection of their games were uploaded to the Internet Archive and made playable in a web browser.
References
Helicopter video games
iOS games
Classic macOS games
Video games developed in the United States
1986 video games
Public-domain software with source code
Commercial video games with freely available source code
The Tupi oil field (reverted from Lula oil field) is a large oil field located in the Santos Basin, off the coast of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The field was originally nicknamed in honor of the Tupi people and later named after the mollusc, however it was also ambiguously similar to the name of former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. It is considered to be the Western Hemisphere's largest oil discovery of the last 30 years.
History
The Tupi field was discovered in October 2006 by Petrobras. The former president of Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva called the field second independence for Brazil. The field was originally named Tupi but in 2010 it was renamed Lula. The name 'Lula' means squid in Portuguese but also refers to Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. The upper estimate of of recoverable oil would be enough to meet the total global demand for crude oil for about three months at the 2008 global extraction rate of around .
In January 2008 Petrobras announced the discovery of the Jupiter field, a huge natural gas and condensate field which could equal the Tupi oil field in size. It lies east of Tupi.
Reservoir
The Tupi field is located in the geological formation known as the Brazilian pre-salt layer, which lies below of water and then of salt, sand and rocks. The Tupi accumulation, in block BM-S-11 of the Santos basin, contains at least of recoverable oil which could increase Brazil's reserves by 62%. This would make it twice the size of the Roncador, previously Brazil's largest field. Tupi is a sub-salt discovery—held in rocks beneath a salt layer that, in places, reaches thicknesses of over . The crude oil is an intermediate or medium gravity oil of 28–30 °API, which corresponds to a specific gravity around 0.88. The Tupi crude oil is considered sweet, which means that the sulfur content is less than 0.7% sulfur by weight.
Recent estimates have pushed the total to greater than equivalent, though Petrobras has not confirmed the highest estimate. These estimates are being put into severe doubt by impartial analysts.
Ownership
Block BM-S-11, which contains the Tupi field, is operated by Petrobras with a 65% controlling stake while BG Group holds 25% and Galp Energia has the remaining 10% interest. According to Bear Stearns estimates, the value of the oil in the block ranges from $25 billion to $60 billion. BM-S-11 also includes Tupi Sul, Iara and Iracema fields.
Production
On April 22, 2009, BW Offshore and Petrobras let up the first crude oil from test well at Tupi field. The celebration ceremony for the beginning of production was held aboard the BW Cidade de Sao Vicente floating production, storage and offloading vessel (FPSO) on May 1, 2009. The president was expected to visit, but did not show up. The first producing well will provide output of while the second well is expected to produce . By 2020, Petrobras expects to produce up to . Full field development may include up to 300 producing and injector wells, with total gross oil production reaching and of gas. The drilling of the first 15 wells has cost $1 billion. It is estimated that the total field cost will come to $50–$100 billion owing to the complexity of the geological formation. Up to 12 FPSOs may be needed for full production at Tupi. The field produces 100,000 barrels a day (January 2013). The field produced and of gas in 2021.
See also
Iara oil field
Campos Basin
Iracema Oil Field
References
External links
Petrobras official site
Offshore Technology. Image—Section through Tupi field showing thick layers of salt
Oil fields of Brazil
Petrobras oil and gas fields
Galp Energia
Ups and Downs is an Australian pop band. Their single "The Living Kind" was nominated for the ARIA Award for Best New Talent at the ARIA Music Awards of 1987.
History
1983-1990
Ups and Downs was formed in Brisbane in 1983 by brothers Greg and Darren Atkinson with John Flade. Peter Shaw soon joined the lineup. After the release of two singles through Basketcase in 1984, they relocated to Sydney, where they built a cult following.
In 1986 they released the single "The Living Kind" through True Tone which saw them nominated for an ARIA Award at the ARIA Music Awards of 1987.
In 1987 Trevor O'Neil joined the band. They signed with Mushroom Records and released their debut album Underneath the Watchful Eye in 1988. Flade left the band in 1989 and they released one more EP before breaking up in 1990.
2007-present
In 2007 they played at Pig City, a celebration of Brisbane music, and for the 4ZZZ Flashback, a 40th anniversary of the Brisbane radio station.
They reformed in 2011 for a series of shows and they released a compilation album of old tracks, Out of the Darkness: Sleepless, Singles & Other Stories.
In 2017 they released their album "The Sky's In Love With You" on Basketcase Records, with bass player Alex Ronayne.
In September 2019, they recorded a cover version of The Hummingbirds' "Two Weeks With a Good Man in Niagara Falls" for the Shake Yer Popboomerang Volume 3 compilation. Before re-recording and releasing "Ups and Downs", which was featured on the 1983 cassette Darling It's Wonderful.
Band members
Members
Darren Atkinson - drums, vocals
Greg Atkinson - bass, vocals
John Flade - guitar
Trevor O'Neil - keyboards
Peter Shaw - guitar
Alex Ronayne - bass
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Extended plays
Singles
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. They commenced in 1987.
|-
| ARIA Music Awards of 1987
| themselves
| ARIA Award for Best New Talent
|
Countdown Australian Music Awards
Countdown was an Australian pop music TV series on national broadcaster ABC-TV from 1974–1987, it presented music awards from 1979–1987, initially in conjunction with magazine TV Week. The TV Week / Countdown Awards were a combination of popular-voted and peer-voted awards.
|-
| 1986
| themselves
| Most Promising New Talent
|
|-
References
Australian pop music groups
Musical groups established in 1983
Musical groups disestablished in 1990
The Jordan 193 was the car with which the Jordan team competed in the 1993 Formula One World Championship. The car was powered by a Hart 3.5-litre V10 engine and ran on Goodyear tyres. The number 14 seat was taken by debutant Rubens Barrichello, while five different drivers occupied the number 15 seat over the course of the season: Ivan Capelli, Thierry Boutsen, Marco Apicella, Emanuele Naspetti and Eddie Irvine.
Overview
After a disastrous season with underpowered and unreliable Yamaha V12 engines, the team took the decision to replace these with Hart's smaller V10s for 1993.
The 193 differed greatly to its two predecessors, with a higher nose and very different front wing. Like most of the other cars that competed in the 1993 Championship, it had numerous electronic aids to assist the driver and improve the car's performance. Traction control was used throughout the season, as was the team's first semi-automatic gearbox. The gearbox caused numerous problems, as it often would jam in one gear. This occurred so much at the beginning of the season that the team replaced the semi automatic gearbox with a manual one until the semi was reliable enough to race. The car also lacked the active suspension used by the frontrunners and had to short a wheelbase, which caused instability in the rear for most of the year but was later lengthened in an attempt to find more speed. The net result was that the 193 was usually over three seconds per lap slower than the fastest cars, but was still a competent midfield runner.
No fewer than six drivers raced the car throughout the season, with only young rookie Rubens Barrichello competing in every race. Ivan Capelli, Thierry Boutsen, Marco Apicella, Emanuele Naspetti and Eddie Irvine all raced at some stage of the season. None of the drivers except Irvine were able to match Barrichello's pace. Boutsen, who drove the most races of the second drivers, was often around two seconds per lap slower than Barrichello.
Despite heavy revisions to the car throughout the year – such as improved aerodynamics, altered suspension, and more powerful engines – its relative performance stayed roughly the same. However, Barrichello was on course to finish third at the wet European Grand Prix, only to be denied by a fuel pressure problem in the closing laps. The team finally scored points at the Japanese Grand Prix, where Barrichello and debutant Irvine finished fifth and sixth respectively; Irvine made headlines at this race when they unlapped themselves by passing leader and eventual winner Ayrton Senna, angering the triple World Champion so much that they punched Irvine after the race.
The team finished equal tenth in the Constructors' Championship with three points.
The 193 was replaced for by the 194.
Complete Formula One results
(key)
References
1993 Formula One season cars
Jordan Formula One cars
Antun Vrančić High School(Croatian: Gimnazija Antuna Vrančića) is a public 4-year general-education high school in Šibenik, Croatia. It currently offers programs focusing on mathematics and natural sciences, classics, linguistics, as well as a general-track program. The school was named after Antun Vrančić (1504-1573), a native of Šibenik.
History
First modern high school was opened for a short time in Šibenik during Napoleon's rule in Dalmatia in 1806. A secondary school with a continuity up till the present-day was opened as Realgymnasium in 1909, while Šibenik and Croatia were a part of Austria-Hungary. School was briefly closed by Italian authorities during the 1918-21 occupation of Šibenik. In 1937 the school moved into a new and modern building in which it operates today. During the Second World War, Italian fascists again occupied Šibenik (1941-3) and forbade the use of Croatian, italianizing the school. Many students and alumni joined the Partisans and fought against the Axis. After the war, the school was restructured and named after People's Heroes of Šibenik (Ljubo Truta, Miro Visic, Vlado Peran, Slobodan Macura). In 1991 it was again remodelled as a general high school and named after Antun Vrančić (1504-1573), renaissance humanist, cardinal, diplomat and author from Šibenik.
Academics and rankings
Following the results of national standardized tests taken by high school students in Croatia in 2006, 2007 and 2008 as a part of a transition towards the introduction of a nationwide exit exam (Matura), Antun Vrančić high school was ranked 24th out of 190 Croatian high schools on an unofficial list.
School's students also participated in International Mathematical Olympiad twice - in 2001 in Washington, DC and in 2002 in Glasgow, where they won a bronze medal. In 2007 and 2011, Antun Vrančić students competed at International Philosophy Olympiad in Turkey and Austria, respectively, earning an honorable mentioning.
Notable alumni
As up until recently the only general secondary school in Šibenik, the school boasts many famous natives of Šibenik and the surrounding area as its alumni:
Ivo Brešan (1936–2017), playwright and author
Gojko Bjedov (1913–1937), trade union leader, volunteer in Spanish civil war (KIA)
Arsen Dedić (1938–2015), singer-songwriter, composer, poet
Vladan Desnica (1905–1967), writer and philosopher
Isak Drutter (1925), economist, university professor, governor of Central Bank of Croatia (1972–1978). Dismissed from school in 1941 under fascist regime
Vojin Jelić (1921–2004), writer and poet
Aleksandar Ljahnicky (1921–2004), architect
Maksim Mrvica (1975), pianist
Hrvoje Požar (1916–1991), electrical engineer, scholar, and Secretary General of the Croatian Academy of Arts and Sciences
Anđelko Runjić (1938–2015), politician, last speaker of the parliament in SR Croatia (1986–90) and Croatian ambassador to Russia (1991–1992)
Ivan Vitić (1917–1986), architect (did not graduate)
Vice Vukov (1936–2007), singer, philosopher, member of the parliament
Gallery
References
Sources
Šibenik
Gymnasiums in Croatia
Educational institutions established in 1909
Buildings and structures in Šibenik-Knin County
1909 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Henryk Klata (born 7 November 1942 in the village Kolonia Ossa) is a Polish economist, politician and member of the first term of the Polish Parliament.
History
During the years of Polish People's Republic, Klata was a member of the National Democratic League, one of the first opposition organisations. On 7 May 1960, they were arrested along with other young individuals, and on 29 May 1961 they were sentenced to 10 months in prison. In 1978, they finished their studies in the Department of Planning and Statistics, Main School of Planning and Statistics in Warsaw. They worked as an economist and an accountant.
In 1991, they were elected to be a member of the First Term of the Polish Parliament (Sejm). They were chosen in the Ostroleka region from the list of the "Wyborcza Akcja Katolicka". They were a member of the Parliamentary Club of the Zjednoczenie Chrześcijańsko-Narodowe (Christian-National Party) and in 1992 their candidate for the position of President of the Supreme Audit Office. They sat in the Committee on Local Government and the Special Committee to consider laws amending the Law on Co-Operatives, allowing privatisation of previously national or nationalised companies in the post-communist country. They were also a member of seven sub-committees. They did not seek a second term in parliament. They were later a Director at the National Bank of Poland.
After leaving the parliament they were still associated with the government, they were a Councillor until 1998 of the Bielany district in Warsaw. Later they did not engage in politics. In 2010 they supported Marek Jurek as a candidate for the presidential elections in Poland and became part of their social support committee.
Bibliography
Strona sejmowa posła I kadencji. [Retrieved 6 April 2014].
References
Members of the Polish Sejm 1991–1993
1942 births
Living people
People from Przysucha County
Vladimír Oplt (1937 – 5 January 2021) was a Czech politician who served as a Senator.
References
1937 births
2021 deaths
Czech politicians
Communist Party of Czechoslovakia politicians
Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic) Senators
People from Kladno
A packaged terminal air conditioner (often abbreviated PTAC) is a type of self-contained heating and air conditioning system commonly found in hotels, motels, senior housing facilities, hospitals, condominiums, apartment buildings, add-on rooms & sunrooms. Many are designed to go through a wall, having vents and heat sinks both inside and outside. Different standard dimensions are found in the market including 42×16 inches (1067 x 406 mm), 36x15 inches, and 40x15 inches.
Although PTACs are used mostly to heat or cool a single living space using only electricity (with resistive and/or heat pump heating), there are cooling-only PTACs with external heating through a hydronic heating coil or natural gas heating. Typical PTAC heating and cooling capacity values range from 2 to 5.5 kilowatts (7,000–19,000 BTU/h) nominal. One characteristic of PTACs is that condensate drain piping is not required because the condensate water extracted from the air by the evaporator coil is drawn by the condenser fan onto the condenser coil surface where it evaporates. Conventional PTACs still require condensate drain piping to be installed. The first practical semi-portable air conditioning unit was invented by engineers at Chrysler Motors and offered for sale starting in 1935.
PTACs are commonly installed in window walls and masonry walls. Their installation typically requires the following:
Louvers
Metal sleeve
Heating coil
The PTAC itself
Room enclosure
References
Cooling technology
Hellings is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dick Hellings (1874–1938), English rugby player
Hellings (baseball), American baseball player
Sergio Hellings (born 1984), Dutch footballer
Mack Hellings (1915–1951), American racing driver
Peter Hellings (1916–1990), English military officer
Sarah Hellings (born 1945), TV director whose credits include Midsomer Murders
Brian Hellings (born 1980)
actor, singer and dancer
See also
Helling
This is a list of the presidents of Montenegro, including the heads of state of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro, a constituent country of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and heads of state of the Republic of Montenegro (1992–2006), a constituent country of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia / State Union of Serbia and Montenegro. Prior to 1974, Montenegro's head of state was the speaker of the Montenegrin parliament.
The President (Predsjednik) is directly elected to a five-year term and is limited by the Constitution to a maximum of two terms. In addition to being the Commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces, the President has the procedural duty of appointing the Prime Minister with the consent of the Parliament, and has some influence on foreign policy. The President's office is located in the Blue Palace, in the former royal capital Cetinje.
Montenegro within Yugoslavia / Serbia and Montenegro (1943–2006)
People's Republic of Montenegro / Socialist Republic of Montenegro
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
|-
! rowspan=2|
! rowspan=2| Portrait
! width=30% rowspan=2| Name
! colspan=3| Term of office
! rowspan=2| Political Party
|-
! Took office
! Left office
! Time in office
|- align="center"
| colspan=7| President of the Montenegrin Anti-Fascist Assembly of National Liberation
|-align="center"
| colspan=7| Presidents of the Presidium of the People's Assembly
|- align="center"
| colspan=7| Presidents of the People's Assembly
|- align="center"
| colspan=7| Presidents of the Presidency
|- align="center"
| colspan=7| President of Republic
Republic of Montenegro
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
|-
! rowspan=2|
! rowspan=2| Portrait
! width=30% rowspan=2| Name
! colspan=3| Term of office
! rowspan=2| Political Party
! rowspan=2| Elected
|-
! Took office
! Left office
! Time in office
Montenegro (2006–present)
Montenegro became independent on 3 June 2006.
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center"
|-
! rowspan=2|
! rowspan=2| Portrait
! width=30% rowspan=2| Name
! colspan=3| Term of office
! rowspan=2| Political Party
! rowspan=2| Elected
|-
! Took office
! Left office
! Time in office
See also
List of rulers of Montenegro
List of heads of state of Montenegro, for a comprehensive list of Montenegrin heads of state since 1696
President of Montenegro
President of the Parliament of Montenegro
Prime Minister of Montenegro
President of Serbia and Montenegro
List of heads of state of Yugoslavia
Notes
External links
Official Web Site of The President of Montenegro
Montenegro
Politics of Montenegro
Presidents
Jiucunella is genus of Cambrian arthropod known from the Cambrian Chengjiang biota of China as well as Australia.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Legislature of Singapore can refer to the:
Legislative Assembly of Singapore (1955–1965)
Parliament of Singapore (1965–present)
Oliver Marach (born 16 July 1980) is an Austrian professional tennis player who primarily specialises in doubles.
They achieved their highest singles ranking of world No. 82 in August 2005, but achieved most of their success in doubles where they reached their career-high doubles ranking of world No. 2 on 28 May 2018. Marach won their first Grand Slam title at the 2018 Australian Open, partnering Mate Pavić, and the pair also finished runners-up at the 2017 Wimbledon Championships and 2018 French Open. They and Pavić were the 2018 ATP Doubles Team of the year. In mixed doubles, they have reached three Grand Slam semifinals.
They have represented Austria in the Davis Cup since 2003, and also played at the 2016 Olympic Games alongside Alexander Peya. In 2021, in the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, they partnered with Philipp Oswald.
Significant finals
Grand Slam tournament finals
Doubles: 3 (1 title, 2 runners-up)
Masters 1000 finals
Doubles: 1 (1 runner-up)
ATP career finals
Doubles: 53 (23 titles, 30 runners-up)
Performance timelines
Singles
Doubles
Current through the 2021 Davis Cup Finals.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Austrian male tennis players
Sportspeople from Graz
Sportspeople from Panama City
Tennis players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of Austria
Australian Open (tennis) champions
Grand Slam (tennis) champions in men's doubles
Tennis players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Gaspar Ibáñez de Segovia Peralta y Mendoza (1628–1708), Marqués de Mondéjar, was a Spanish historian and bibliophile.
People from Madrid
1628 births
1708 deaths
EU-Alert is the generic term for the European Public Warning Service based upon Cell Broadcast technology.
EU-Alert is compatible with Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA) formerly known as the Commercial Mobile Alert System (CMAS) standard as used in the United States. Since 2012, and by default, mobile phone OSes like Android, iOS, and Windows support EU-Alert/WEA/CMAS via Cell Broadcast for public warning messages.
EU-Alert standard
The EU-Alert standard (TS 102 900 V1.3.1) as defined by ETSI is the European Public Warning Service using the Cell Broadcast Service as a means of delivering public warning messages to the general public.
Specific countries using the EU-Alert service are identified by replacing the letters EU with the Country Identification letters in ISO 3166-1 :
NL-Alert: The national variant of EU-Alert for the Netherlands.
GR-Alert: The national variant of EU-Alert for Greece.
LT-Alert: The national variant of EU-Alert for Lithuania.
RO-Alert: The national variant of EU-Alert for Romania.
IT-Alert: The national variant of EU-Alert for Italy (starting testing in October 2020) Cell Broadcast Centres in Italy are provided by infinite-convergence a white-label CBC partner of Nokia as Nokia does not own a Cell Broadcast System they depend on a third party.
FR-Alert: The national variant of EU-Alert for France. (starting testing in May 2022) The beginning of the national utilization is planned for the end of June 2022.
TR DE-Alert : The national variant of EU-Alert for Germany. The forecasted commissioning date is no later than February 23, 2023.
Dependent on the country legislation there are 5 types of Public Warning Service (PWS) messages one can receive on the mobile device. They're grouped into Cell Broadcast headings and channels, and include:
Extreme threats: Classified as threats to your life and property, like an impending catastrophic weather event (hurricane, tsunami, typhoon, flooding), disease epidemic warnings or terrorist attacks.
Severe threats: Less serious than the extreme threats, these could be the same types of situations, but on a smaller scale — stay safe, but no need to pack up the car and head for the hills.
EU-Amber, Amber alerts: These are specific alerts aimed at locating a missing child.
EU-Info, Public Safety Messages to convey essential, recommended actions that can save lives or property (e.g. emergency shelter locations or a boil water order).
EU-Exercise, Test messages for national/regional/local purposes.
In countries that have selected Cell Broadcast as the technology to submit public warning messages up to 70%- 85% of the population older than 12 year receive the public warning verification message within seconds after the government authorities have submitted the message. See as an example Emergency Mobile Alert (New Zealand), NL-Alert (Netherlands) and Wireless Emergency Alerts (USA). Cell Broadcast is since 2012 supported by the default messaging app in Android, iOS and Windows 10.
EU Legislation
As per 11 December 2018, the Council of the European Union has adopted the new Directive on European Electronic Communications Code (EECC). Under the new Directive, all EU member states will also have to set up a public warning system to protect citizens. This system will send alerts to all citizens and visitors mobile phones in a specific area in the event of a natural disaster, terrorist attack or other major emergency in their area.
The mandatory implementation of the public warning system will have to be in place by 21 June 2022 for each EU member state (Full text of the European Electronic Communications Code).
Requirements under the Legislation:
According to the directive a Public Warning System (PWS) must be able to:
Target the affected population by specific geography so as not to cause widespread panic
Reach a high percentage of people in the targeted area, not just residents but roaming visitors using their native language
Send messages in real-time, within seconds and with a high degree of reliability
Send message without the need for the public to have to opt in
The transmission of public warning messages should be free of charge for end-users not just residents but also roaming visitors
BEREC guidelines
According to the Article 110(2) EECC, by 21 June 2020, BEREC must publish guidelines on how to assess whether the effectiveness of public warning systems under Article 110(2) EECC is equivalent to the effectiveness of those systems under the Article 110(1) EECC.
Alternative solutions
Possible alternative for EU-Alert to use other electronic communications services, such as location based SMS or apps. However, several conditions must be met according to the new European Electronic Communications Code Legislation:
As efficient as network-based technologies
Reception of the alert should be easy
Information to all visitors entering the country
Transmission of the alert is free to the user
Comply with privacy rules
Downloadable Mobile Applications
There are several downloadable mobile applications on the market that often warn on natural catastrophes; however, these are often not of official, but part of private initiatives that replicate information from state agencies.
All downloadable mobile applications have the issue that they are highly affected by traffic load as they require mobile data usage; therefore, especially in case of a disaster when load spikes of data (Social media, Voice and Mobile app) tend to significantly slowdown mobile networks, as multiple terrorist attacks showed.
Moreover, downloadable Mobile Apps needs to be downloaded by subscribers and the experience over the years in many countries is that only a fraction of the population will take the effort to download and use an Emergency Mobile app that is only activated a few times in a year. Examples are in Germany with 1.500.000 downloads of the Katwarn and NINA mobile application reaching a maximum of 2.5M people in Germany (<3% of the German population) and France only 500.000 downloads of the SAIP mobile application (<1% of the French population) despite large investments in application development and marketing. In France because of the limited success of the downloadable Mobile App SAIP (Système d'Alerte et d'Information des Populations) the service has been stopped as of June 2018.
Location based SMS
As far as the network and the end user is concerned, a Location-Based-SMS (LB-SMS) message is simply a normal SMS message which is sent to a subset of the Mobile Network's attached devices, which happen to be in a particular geographical area. In order to achieve this for some mobile network topologies however, the network must maintain a database of all mobile devices in the target location for potential Public Warning Service messages. In other words, for all areas that the Mobile anticipates potentially delivering LB-SMS messages into, a list of all users currently located in those areas must be kept up to date at all times.
While mobile networks require knowledge of subscribers' locations for normal operation, this is usually not maintained at all times at the granularity of the single cell level. Therefore, an LB-SMS implementation will usually require the deployment of a Mobile Location Cente (MLC). The methods used by the MLC to track mobile devices as they move around the network are not standardised and are subject to a certain level of inaccuracy. Some MLCs track device location to the cell level, whereas other MLC providers claim to fix device location to a greater level of accuracy. Depending on the level of location granularity stored in the MLC, the precision of targeting will vary. There may be privacy implications in tracking user locations in this manner that should be considered.
Aside from the location specific aspect, the principle difference between CB and LB-SMS services is that the mobile network for location based SMS must carry each recipient's message separately, since the SMS standards do not have a ‘one-to-many' or a broadcast capability.
Based upon last years experience the Swedish Civil Contingencies Agency concluded in a report published in May 2018 that in case of serious events it's extremely unlikely that Public Warning Messages via SMS will work and will be delivered in a timely manner (less than 1 minute).
Disadvantages
Disadvantages to use location based SMS in national public warning systems are:
No international recognized telecommunication standardization body has defined or will define a standard for location based SMS for Public Warning Services.
Scalability. While mobile networks are dimensioned to carry millions of messages per day, MNOs assume a relatively flat distribution across the network in terms of both time and location. In other words, the average number of messages per second in a given cell is relatively low even in a busy network. In some alerting use cases however (for example notifying all users in a particular area by SMS) it would be possible for the radio access network to be flooded by SMS messages. In this case, messages which cannot be delivered on the first attempt are usually queued up on the MNO SMSC for further delivery attempts. In the worst case, the mobile network could take hours to deliver all queued warning messages.
Delivery time of Location Based SMS warning messages to groups of people in the Geo-target area are long and are depending on the number of people present in the area, it can take up to several hours to reach 300.000 people in a city e.g. in the May 2018 Sweden case and in the September 2019 Portugal case.
Due to the nature of international SMS routing (SMS Home routing). It should also be noted that LB SMS messages will often not reach inbound roamers as delivery of Short code based messages abroad are blocked by the home operator due to roaming charging agreement (AA19).
The granularity of an LB-SMS warning message will depend on the accuracy of the MLC in the MNOs network, usually a single cell which has radius between 3 km and 25 km.
LB-SMS warning messages will not produce notifications sounds or a ringtone and vibration different than an ordinary SMS message, thus end users could easily overlook warning messages.
LB SMS messages can be easily faked and would require the deployment of security devices e.g. SMS firewall on each mobile operator international SS7 signaling links.
When sending an LB-SMS a delivery receipt could be requested upon message submission to the MNOs SMSC. This receipt provides information about the delivery of the message to the end user device only, with no indication whether the message has been read or not. However, these delivery receipt messages may increase the network load for a given alerting event, the impact of which should be considered.
See also
Cell Broadcast
Reverse 1-1-2
NL-Alert (Netherlands)
Wireless Emergency Alerts (USA)
Alert Ready (Canada)
Emergency Mobile Alert (New Zealand)
References
Sources
Emergency Alert System
Public safety
Emergency communication
Raúl Martín is a Spanish illustrator specializing in paleoart, the branch of science illustration that deals with artworks of subjects of paleontology.  They are best known for their dinosaur paintings which appear in museums all over the world including the American Museum of Natural History, the Maryland Science Center, and Fort Peck Paleontology Inc. Their works also notably appear in popular magazines including Scientific American, Science, and the International Edition of National Geographic. As of 2001, they work with the paleontology department at the Universidad Autónoma of Madrid, Spain, where they currently live, as well as with the paleoanthropological team of the Atapuerca Mountains excavations.
Among Martín's most iconic works are paintings of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals such as the giant crocodilians Deinosuchus and Sarcosuchus. They consider themselves to be entirely self-taught and has drawn inspiration from hyperrealist painters including Richard Estes, Chuck Close, and Antonio López García. Throughout their career they have created paleoart in predominantly acrylic paints, but also works with oils, pastels, pencils, and more recently digital.
References
External links
Raúl Martín Paleontological Illustration
Paleoartists
Living people
Spanish illustrators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Spanish painters
Mustafa Mit (born 1 January 1950) is a Turkish politician from the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), who currently serves as a Member of Parliament for Ankara's second electoral district since 7 June 2015.
Biography
Mustafa Mit was born in Şarkışla, Sivas Province. They completed their primary, secondary and high school education in different parts of Anatolia before graduating from Gazi University Faculty of economics and administrative sciences.
References
1950 births
Living people
People from Şarkışla
Nationalist Movement Party politicians
Stanford Jazz Workshop (SJW) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to jazz education and the annual concert series known as the Stanford Jazz Festival.
SJW was founded in 1972 by saxophonist and educator Jim Nadel. Though many of its activities are held on the campus, SJW is neither legally nor financially connected to Stanford University.
About
SJW includes a Jazz Camp for musicians ages 12–17; Jazz Institute for adults and advanced youth; and the Evening Summer Program. SJW annually awards more than 100 Jazz Camp tuition scholarships to youth with financial need.
The students and artists who have participated in the Stanford Jazz Workshop and Festival number more than 10,000 and represent countries from around the world.
External links
Stanford Jazz Workshop
Stanford Jazz Festival
Jazz Workshop Students Learning From the Pros - article in San Francisco Chronicle, 08.04.00
Teacher's Pet: Those who can do, teach, is the theme of the 2006 Stanford Jazz Festival - article in San Jose Metro
Jazz organizations
Jazz music education
Music education in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1972
Stanford University
Tourist attractions in Santa Clara County, California
1972 establishments in California
Music of the San Francisco Bay Area
In common with cars and trucks, preservation of buses in the United Kingdom is a hobby activity enjoyed by many people, both actively or passively. The active preservation and operation of preserved buses is undertaken by private individuals, organised trusts or societies, and even commercial operators. The preserved bus fleet in the UK includes dating from the earliest pre-war models right up to models manufactured after the year 2000.
History
The earliest examples of bus preservation were undertaken by certain bus companies themselves, especially the London General Omnibus Company who set aside a member bus from the B, S and K classes, followed by the London Passenger Transport Board who preserved one each of the NS, LT, ST and T classes. These can now all be seen at the London Transport Museum at Covent Garden.
The first example of private individuals preserving a bus in the UK was by four friends, Prince Marshall, Ken Blacker, Ron Lunn and Michael Dryhurst in 1956 who successfully purchased a 1929 AEC Regal fleet number T31, registration UU 6646, for the sum of £40. It was the last ex-London General Omnibus Company vehicle to be operated by London Transport. The bus is still in existence and was fully restored by Norman Anscomb and is now part of the London Bus Museum collection, who purchased it from Norman Anscomb in 1994. This was the first of several buses purchased by these four pioneers of the British bus preservation movement, which included a 1935 Gilford 168SD coach, a Leyland PLSC3 Lion, and their first double-decker, a Northern Counties bodied AEC Renown 6-wheeler which cost the large sum (for the time) of £85. In 1958 Ken Blacker, John Cook, Prince Marshall and Michael Dryhurst inaugurated the Vintage Passenger Vehicle Society.
The October 1961 issue of the Ian Allan magazine Buses Illustrated published a list of 76 buses believed to be the total number of preserved buses in the UK. As of 2009 it was believed the number of preserved buses in the UK numbered over 5,000.
Non commercial preservation
Many non commercial organisations dedicated to bus preservation operate under a charitable status. Some projects receive Heritage Lottery Fund grant funding.
Non commercial bus preservation organisations can be both general in scope, or organised around preserving vehicles from a particular geographic area or time periods. Often, organisations will focus on a particular much loved company or operator, such as SELNEC, Southdown Motor Services or Ribble Motor Services, or particular manufacturers such as AEC or Bristol Commercial Vehicles. In cases where large numbers of vehicles were produced, organisations may even concentrate on a single model, such as the Bristol VR or Leyland National.
Preserved buses are often included in the collections of Transport Museums, and sometimes feature in general museums. In some cases, museums are dedicated to buses as their main activity. The use of operational preserved buses often contribute to the authentic atmosphere in living history museums such as Amberley Working Museum and Beamish Museum.
Operational preserved buses are often exhibited at rallies and shows, or are run on 'running days', or in events that are a combination of the two. A preserved bus running a specific shuttle route also often forms part of a larger event such as a cultural festival.
Several events in the preservation calendar are regular, usually annual, while others are often organised to commemorate a specific event, such as the anniversary of a particular company or particular vehicle type coming into or out of existence or service. Running days often mark the withdrawal of particular models from a route, or the demise of particular companies. Rallies and shows often combine preserved exhibits and current service vehicles.
Candidates vehicles for preservation are often gifted or purchased from their final operator, or are bought from the scrapyard or specialist dealers. Restoration of vehicles often involves mechanical restoration such as repanelling the bodywork, and the reversion of the vehicle's appearance to a particular historical period, by repainting into a particular livery and restoring other parts such as grilles or displays. On occasion, buses have been saved for preservation having been used long after the end of their passenger transport career, and been used in a variety of capacities such as caravans or storage sites, requiring more thorough preservation.
Commercial preservation
A form of bus preservation involves the commercial operation of vintage or restored buses. Some present day bus companies maintain and operate a heritage fleet for both preservation and commercial purposes, such as the Arriva Heritage Fleet, and Stagecoach in Scotland. Others may maintain one or two examples of preserved vehicles for special services, or to act as company representatives at rallies and events.
If not actively involved, present day modern bus operators will often assist groups involved in preserving examples of their old vehicles, such as providing maintenance facilities or garaging facilities. Some niche commercial bus operators such as Timebus Travel exclusively exist for the purposes of heritage vehicle operation. Most commercial preserved bus operation is for private hire, although occasionally a preserved bus may appear on a scheduled service.
With the mass withdrawal of the iconic AEC Routemaster bus from London and the introduction of many new operators due to bus deregulation, many operators registered scheduled services around the country in the 1980s, long after the model was considered modern. Post millennium this is less common.
Museums
Museums with over 10 bus exhibits include:
Castle Point Transport Museum, Canvey Island, Essex
London Bus Museum, Weybridge, Surrey
Ensignbus bus museum, Essex
East Anglia Transport Museum, Lowestoft, Suffolk
Ipswich Transport Museum, Suffolk
Glasgow Museum of Transport
Isle of Man Transport Museum, Jurby
Keighley Bus Museum, West Yorkshire
Lincolnshire Road Transport Museum, North Hykeham
London Transport Museum, Covent Garden
Museum of Transport in Manchester, Cheetham
North West Museum of Road Transport, St Helens, Merseyside
Sandtoft Transport Centre
Scottish Vintage Bus Museum, Lathalmond, Fife
South Yorkshire Bus Museum, Rotherham, South Yorkshire
Swansea Bus Museum, South Wales
Town & District Transport Trust Ltd, Great Harwood, Lancashire
Wirral Transport Museum, Birkenhead, Merseyside
Wythall Transport Museum, Worcestershire
Regulatory issues
The legal relationship between the operation of preserved buses and commercial buses is complex, depending variously on the age of the vehicle, age of the driver and circumstances of the operation.
Under the UK driving licence rules, anybody with a standard car licence gained before 1997 can drive a preserved bus over 30 years old without a PCV (public carriage vehicle) licence, as long as it is not for hire or reward, and less than 8 people are carried in the vehicle. For licences gained after 1997 and buses under 30 years old, the rules are more complex.
Depending on circumstances, operators of preserved buses may need to fit their vehicle with an analogue or digital tachograph. All commercial operation (not on a scheduled bus route) requires a tachograph. Drivers operating preserved buses for "non-commercial carriage of passengers" are exempt from the Driver Certificate of Professional Competence (Driver CPC) regulations.
With regard to the London low emission zone, an exemption is made for "Historic vehicles" (built before 1 January 1973). Preserved bus operators operating vehicles taxed as a 'bus' are exempt from the London congestion charge and do not have to register their vehicles. Those vehicles taxed as a Large Car are not exempt from the London congestion charge but can register for a 100% discount for their vehicle.
See also
List of museums in the United Kingdom
London to Brighton events
Transport Trust
References
External links
National Association of Road Transport Museums
The Transport Trust
Preservation
Conservation in the United Kingdom
Fulton County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 37,069. Its county seat is Lewistown, and the largest city is Canton. Fulton County comprises the Canton, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is part of the Peoria-Canton, IL Combined Statistical Area.
History
Fulton County was organized in 1823 from Pike County. It is named for Robert Fulton, developer of the first commercially successful steamboat. American poet and writer Edgar Lee Masters lived in Fulton County during the 1890s; they later became famous for the Spoon River Anthology, written in 1915. Fulton County was home to Camp Ellis during World War II.
The county is known for the annual Spoon River Scenic Drive which occurs the first 2 weekends in October. This has been a tradition since 1968 and attracts thousands of participants from all over the country.
Fulton County is home to the Ogden-Fettie Site, a significant site for Havana Hopewell Native culture. It is the largest collection of Woodland Mounds in Illinois, with 35 Mounds, dating from 400 BCE, arranged in a crescent.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.9%) is water.
Fulton County is the site of Dickson Mounds Museum, a state museum of Native American daily life in the Illinois River valley.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Lewistown have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 1983. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Adjacent counties
Warren County - northwest
Knox County - north
Peoria County - northeast
Tazewell County - east
Mason County - south
Schuyler County - southwest
McDonough County - west
National protected area
Emiquon National Wildlife Refuge
Transportation
Major highways
US Route 24
US Route 136
Illinois Route 9
Illinois Route 41
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 95
Illinois Route 97
Illinois Route 100
Illinois Route 116
Airport
The county contains one public-use airport: Ingersoll Airport (CTK), located in Canton.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 37,069 people, 14,536 households, and 9,744 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 16,195 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 93.4% white, 3.4% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 1.6% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.7% were German, 19.1% were American, 14.0% were English, and 13.2% were Irish.
Of the 14,536 households, 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.0% were non-families, and 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.86. The median age was 41.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,268 and the median income for a family was $50,596. Males had a median income of $41,376 versus $28,596 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,309. About 9.9% of families and 13.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.2% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Canton
Cuba
Farmington
Lewistown (seat)
Town
Astoria
Villages
Avon
Banner
Bryant
Dunfermline
Ellisville
Fairview
Ipava
Liverpool
London Mills
Marietta
Norris
Smithfield
St. David
Table Grove
Vermont
Unincorporated communities
Babylon
Beaty
Bernadotte
Blyton
Breeds
Brereton
Checkrow
Depler Springs
Duncan Mills
Enion
Fiatt
Gilchrist
Leesburg
Little America
Manley
Maples Mill
Marbletown
Middlegrove
Monterey
Poverty Ridge
Rawalts
Sepo
Seville
Summum
Townships
Astoria
Banner
Bernadotte
Buckheart
Canton
Cass
Deerfield
Ellisville
Fairview
Farmers
Farmington
Harris
Isabel
Joshua
Kerton
Lee
Lewistown
Liverpool
Orion
Pleasant
Putman
Union
Vermont
Waterford
Woodland
Young Hickory
Bases
Camp Ellis
Politics
In its early years, Fulton County favored the Democratic Party, being one of the northernmost Democratic counties and the nearest to Yankee, then solidly Republican Northern Illinois. It was never won by a Republican until the Democratic Party moved towards the Populist Party's policies under William Jennings Bryan, a change which resulted in the county voting Republican except in landslide victories between 1896 and 1960. In that period, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936 was the solitary Democratic presidential candidate to gain a majority of the county's vote.
However, the 1964 election saw the county trend Democratic – so much so that Hubert Humphrey gained a narrow plurality in their 1968 election loss. Despite not going Democratic again until 1988, the party would always remain competitive in the county, and between 1988 and 2012 every Democratic presidential candidate gained a majority in Fulton County. However, concern over economic decline in the “Rust Belt” saw Donald Trump produce a dramatic swing in the 2016 election, winning Fulton County by fifteen percentage points and gaining the best GOP record in the county since 1980.
In popular culture
The fictional town of Lanford, Illinois in the sitcom Roseanne is set in Fulton County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fulton County, Illinois
Notes
References
Specific
General
US Census Bureau 2007 TIGER/Line Shapefiles
US Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
US National Atlas
External links
Illinois State Archives
Illinois Saving Graves: Fulton Co.
Illinois counties
1823 establishments in Illinois
Peoria metropolitan area, Illinois
Populated places established in 1823
The Aldersbach brewery (German ) is a traditional medium-sized brewery in Aldersbach, Lower Bavaria, opened in the 13th century. It produces beer types such as Dunkel, Helles, and Pilsner, plus seasonal Bock and Pale lagers. In 2016, it won awards from the Bavarian Brewers Association and the Bavarian State Beer Exhibition.
History
The origins of the Aldersbach brewery, in the Klosterwinkel region close to Passau, go back to the High Middle Ages. In 1146, monks from Ebrach founded the Aldersbach Abbey. In a short time the place grew into an economic, cultural, and spiritual center.
Soon after the monastery was founded, the monks started brewing beer. As early as 1268, the brewery was documented in an arbitration letter from Count Albert von Hals. This makes the Aldersbach brewery one of the oldest breweries in the world. Nevertheless, the main drink until the 16th century was wine, which was also grown in the area around Aldersbach. Climate changes and phylloxera disasters put an end to viticulture and beer became the main and popular drink in Bavaria. Until then, the monastery breweries were primarily responsible for the production of beer and the supply of the population, but from this point onward, castle breweries were established in many places, some of which still exist today.
In the 17th century there was government intervention in the brewing rights. Even Aldersbach had to fear for its brewing rights, since the corresponding certificate was lost in the Thirty Years' War. In 1644, the monastery was re-confirmed by Elector Maximilian I. The increasing consumption of beer made it necessary to build a new brewhouse in 1734. The brewery museum is housed in this building today. In 1780 a new beer cellar was built.
Secularization hit Aldersbach hard: in 1803 the monastery was dissolved and the brewery was initially sold to a beer brewer from Passau. A few years later, in 1811, Johann Adam von Aretin acquired the monastery brewery; as early as 1806 they had bought forest and arable land around Heidelberg Palace. The brewery is still owned by the family to this day.
In the course of the 19th century many smaller breweries in the area were bought up; Further acquisitions were made after the First World War and in the 1950s and 1960s, including the breweries in Gossersdorf and Konzell (Straubing-Bogen district) and a brewery in Lam (Cham (district)). The Aldersbach brewery, which has been run as a GmbH & Co KG since 1 January 2005, is still owned by the von Aretin family and is one of the most successful breweries in Bavaria today. In the summer of 2008, large parts of the Passau Peschl Brewery was bought, and since then the Aldersbach brewery has been supplying the former customers of Peschl-Bräu with their beverages. The Aldersbacher Bräustüberl is particularly well-known, as you can bring your own snacks there.
In 2016, the Bavarian State Exhibition "Beer in Bavaria" took place in Aldersbach. Both the historical and the modern brewery part could be visited. In 2018, the Aldersbach brewery celebrated its 750th anniversary.
Products
:
Beers
Soft drinks
Awards
In 2016, the brewery received the Golden Beer Idea award from the Bavarian Brewers Association and the Bavarian Hotel and Restaurant Association, and the House of Bavarian History award from the Bavarian State Beer Exhibition.
See also
List of brewing companies in Germany
References
External links
2016 Beer in Bavaria passauer-land.de
Breweries in Germany
Companies based in Bavaria
Beer brands of Germany
Dachengshan () is a hill in central Tangshan, Hebei. Covering an area of more than 1,180,000 m2, Dachengshan is north of the Phoenix Peak. The Dacheng Hill previously called Tangshan Hill.
Parks in Hebei
Tourist attractions in Hebei
Hills of China
Zutho is a fermented drink, originating from the Indian state of Nagaland, obtained from rice. It is a drink of the Angami and Chakhesang Nagas and is commonly consumed by all Nagas in both urban and rural regions of Nagaland.
It contains approximately 5%(v/v) of ethanol, and is known for its fruity odor, which is partly imparted by the acetyl esters in generous amounts. Traditionally zutho is prepared by allowing starch-rich solutions to broken down by enzymes into sugars that are fermented by yeast. Starch in rice has to be made into malt by sprouting, or digested by enzymes that Nagas learned to grow in a separate process on a plant.
See also
Choujiu–Chinese equivalent of Zutho
Makgeolli—Korean equivalent of Zutho
Nigori–Japanese equivalent of Zutho
Notes and Sources
Y. Teramoto, S. Yoshida and S. Ueda: of a rice beer (zutho) and a yeast isolated from the fermented product in Nagaland, India, World Journal of Microbiology and Biotechnology, December 2002.
Indian alcoholic drinks
Rice wine
Naga cuisine
Oskari Viljami Kumpu (29 January 1889 – 25 June 1935) was a Finnish wrestler and a military officer. They competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics. In the 1918 Finnish Civil War, Kumpu fought for the Red Guards. After the war, they fled to Soviet Russia and joined the Red Army.
Biography
Oskar Kumpu competed for the sports club Helsinki Jyry, winning the Greco-Roman light heavyweight Finnish Championship in 1917. In the 1912 Summer Olympics, Kumpu lost their first round match against the Italian Oreste Arpè. As the Finnish Civil War broke out in January 1918, Kumpu joined the Helsinki Red Guard elite unit which was composed of Jyry athletes.
After the Red defeat, Kumpu fled to Soviet Russia, where they finished a course in the Petrograd Red Officer School. In the Russian Civil War, Kumpu fought against the Finnish Whites in East Karelia. In January 1922, they took part of the famous Battle of Kimasozero where the Red Army battalion, led by the legendary Finnish officer Toivo Antikainen, beat the Whites and pushed them back to Finland.
Later in the 1920s, Kumpu continued their wrestling career under the instruction of the Russian champion Ivan Poddubny, but without great success. They then rejoined the Red Army and was placed at the Military Commissariat of the Olonetsky District in 1933. Kumpu was drowned while swimming in the Olonka River in June 1935.
References
External links
1889 births
1935 deaths
People from Askola
People from Uusimaa Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
People of the Finnish Civil War (Red side)
Soviet military personnel
People of the Russian Civil War
Finnish emigrants to the Soviet Union
Deaths by drowning
Sportspeople from Uusimaa
Foil–Cline House, also known as the John A. Foil House, is a historic home located at Newton, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1883, and is a two-story, "L"-shaped, Italianate style frame dwelling. It features a multi-gabled roof has a widely overhanging boxed and molded cornice supported by thick curvilinear brackets and porch with overhanging bracketed eaves.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1883
Italianate architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Selinger (also Sellinger) () is an Ashkenazi Jewish surname of German origin. It may refer to:
Arie Selinger (born 1937), Israeli volleyball coach
Avital Haim Selinger (born 1959), Israeli volleyball player
Emily McGary Selinger (1848–1927), American painter, writer, poet, educator
Greg Selinger (born 1951), Canadian politician
Patricia Selinger, American computer scientist
Shlomo Selinger (born 1928), an Israeli sculptor
Howard Andrew Selinger (born 1956), American Physician, Family Medicine
German-language surnames
Jewish surnames
Henryk Cybulski (1 October 1910 – 12 March 1971) was a Polish resistance leader.
Born in the Volhynian village of Przebraże, they worked as a forester, when in September 1939 the Red Army invaded eastern Poland. Cybulski was forcibly deported by the Soviets to Siberia on 10 February 1940. In the summer of 1940 they managed to escape and, after walking for eight weeks, returned to Volhynia. As they later wrote, their sports experiences in long-distance running were a great help. Upon coming back, they took up several menial jobs, trying to lie low and not to attract attention of Soviet authorities.
In August 1942, Cybulski joined the Home Army. In early spring of 1943, at the beginning of Massacres of Poles in Volhynia by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA), they became one of the commandants of the Przebraże Defence together with Ludwik Malinowski. Under their leadership, Polish resistance groups reorganised into a 500-man-strong brigade, including a cavalry unit. Przebraże became a fortress, in which up to 25,000 people lived.
Together with their soldiers they fought off Ukrainian attacks on Przebraże and, in the second half of 1943, initiated several raids on Ukrainian nationalist centres, including an attack on UPA's military college in Troscianiec. Cybulski began actively cooperating with Soviet partisan forces present in Volhynia; when the Red Army entered into Volhynia, they joined a Red Army unit, but soon left after learning that the NKVD was going to arrest him.
Their after-war whereabouts remain unknown. In 1969 Cybulski issued a book Czerwone noce ("Red nights"), worked out by Henryk Pająk, based on their memoirs, in which they described Ukrainian massacres of Poles in early 1940s Volhynia.
See also
Przebraże Defence
Ludwik Malinowski
Sources
Cybulski H., Czerwone noce. Wyd. 5 zm. Bellona, Warszawa 1990, ss. 375. Opracowanie literackie H. Pająk.
Władysław Filar, Przebraże bastion polskiej samoobrony na Wołyniu. Bitwy i akcje. Wyd. Rytm, Warszawa 2007, ss. 128. Seria: Biblioteka Armii Krajowej,
1910 births
1971 deaths
Polish resistance members of World War II
Massacres of Poles in Volhynia
Hourihan Glacier () is a glacier draining the south slopes of Ward Tower in the Britannia Range, Antarctica, and flowing southeast to Merrick Glacier. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in association with Byrd Glacier and Merrick Glacier, after Captain Joseph J. Hourihan, U.S. Navy, captain of , a cargo vessel of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, led by Admiral Byrd.
References
External links
Hourihan Glacier on USGS website
Hourihan Glacier on SCAR website
Time laps images of Hourihan Glacier
Glaciers of Oates Land
Bolton Association F.C. was an English association football club from Bolton in Lancashire. The Association was part of the club name, rather than a descriptor for the code the team played.
History
The club was founded in 1883 by a Mr J. Walker, who became the club's captain, as a contrast to the illegal professionalism of Bolton Wanderers. The club started as a side "solely for the recreation to be obtained from its pursuit, and not with the exclusive determination to win at all hazards which actuates the management of the other organisation"; when trying to recruit players, the club relied on persuasion rather than "inducement", an attitude contrasting with a local unnamed club offering 5 shillings per win and half-a-crown per defeat.
The quixotic nature of such an approach, and the change in the nature of the game, were shown up in the club's first season; although the Association beat Cambridge University 2-1 at home at Christmas 1883, it lost 3-2 at home to minnows Enfield in the first round of the Lancashire Cup, 7-1 at Notts County, 6-1 at Preston North End, and 12-2 at Blackburn Olympic. At the end of the club's first season, one of their better players, George Dobson, left the club to become a professional at Bolton Wanderers.
Despite the club's adherence to amateurism, the club was part of a proposed breakaway group, the British Football Association, which agitated for professionalism. It proved counter to the club's hopes for a successful side and the last references to the club are in 1891 playing junior football.
FA Cup
The club entered the FA Cup in 1883-84 and 1884-85. In the first entry, the club easily beat Bradshaw 5-1 in the first round, and was considered to have done well to restrict Bolton Wanderers to three goals in the second round, especially as the forward Sowerbutts was "rendered almost useless by a violent charge early in the game".
The following season the club got a walkover in the first round, scheduled opponents Astley Bridge withdrawing after the Lancashire FA fell out with the Football Association over professionalism, but in the second round an "indifferent" team lost 7-2 at Darwen Old Wanderers.
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Lancashire
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Sambisari is a 9th-century Hindu temple located at Sambisari hamlet, Purwomartani, Kalasan, Sleman Regency, Special Region of Yogyakarta, Indonesia. The temple was buried about five metres underground. Parts of the original temple have been excavated. The temple is located about east of Yogyakarta near Adisucipto International Airport.
Discovery
The temple emerged in July 1966 by a farmer when working on land that belongs to Karyowinangun. Their hoe hit the carved stone which was a part of the buried temple ruins. The news of discovery reached the Archaeology office in Prambanan and the area was secured. The excavation and reconstruction works was completed in March 1987. The temple is thought to have been buried by an eruption of volcanic ash from the nearby Mount Merapi.
The discovery of Sambisari temple probably was the most exciting archaeological findings in Yogyakarta in recent years, leading to speculation about whether there are other ancient temples still underground in the vicinity, buried under Mount Merapi volcanic ash.
History
Based on architectural and ornamental similarities to another Hindu temple in Indonesia, Prambanan, the presence of Hindu statues around the temple walls, and the lingga-yoni inside the main temple, historians have concluded that Sambisari was a Shivaite Hindu temple built around the first or second decade of the 9th century (circa 812-838). This conclusion was supported by the findings of a gold plate in the vicinity engraved with letters that according to paleography were used in early 9th century ancient Java.
According to Wanua Tengah inscription III dated 908 that contains the name of kings that ruled Mataram Kingdom, the temple was probably built during the reign of Rakai Garung (ruled 828-846). However, historians also consider that the construction of a temple was not always issued by a king. Lesser nobles might have also ordered and funded the construction.
Architecture
Visitors must descend the flight of stairs on the western side to reach the central part of the temple, the base of which is lower than the current ground level.
The outer parts are wide terraces. Recent excavations revealed the outer layer of walls surrounding the temple, which cover a wider area. Only the north-eastern part of this outer wall was excavated, the rest still is buried underground.
The Sambisari complex was surrounded by a rectangular wall made from white stone measured . In this main yard, there are eight small lingga, four located at the cardinal points and four others in the corners.
The Sambisari temple complex consisted of a main temple and a row of three smaller pervara (guardian) temples in front of it. The center pervara temple measures , while northern and southern pervara temple measures each. Each of these lesser temples has no stone body and roof, and only consists of base part and balustrades.
The main temple is facing west and took form of a square with size . The temple has no real base (foot) part, so the sub-basement part also serves as the base part. The siar is adorned with makara supported by dwarf (gana). There is no Kala carving on top of the main gate. By ascending the stairs, the visitors can reach the rectangular wide gallery, which has balustrades surrounding the main temple.
On this gallery there are 12 umpak (stone base), 8 bases took round shape and 4 others are square ones. This stone bases probably used to support wooden pillars, suggesting that the main temple used to be covered by a roof structure made from organic materials that now are already decayed and gone.
The body of the main temple measures and high. Around the temple walls are niches containing statues of Hindu gods, topped by Kala's head. In the northern niche, there is a Durga statue, in the eastern niche, a Ganesha statue, and in the southern niche, an Agastya statue. The portal to the main room is on the western side. The entrance is flanked by niches that once contained guardian statues of Mahakala and Nandisvara. Inside the temple reside a yoni, measured and high. On the north side of the yoni, there is a waterspout supported by a Nāga serpent. Atop the yoni is a lingga measuring at the base and high.
See also
Prambanan
Candi of Indonesia
Hinduism in Java
Gallery
References
Further reading
Departemen Pendidikan dan Kebudayaan (1989) Pemugaran Candi Brahma, Prambanan, Candi Sambisari, Taman Narmada Departemen Pendidikan dan Kebudayaan (Jakarta)
External links
Official site
9th-century Hindu temples
Hindu temples in Indonesia
Archaeological sites in Indonesia
Buildings and structures in the Special Region of Yogyakarta
Medang Kingdom
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in Yogyakarta
Rafael Martín Romero (born May 16, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Saraperos de Saltillo of the Mexican Baseball League. They have played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Washington Nationals.
Early life
Martin was born in California but spent parts of their childhood in Mexico until the 7th grade. Martin attended Jurupa Valley High School in Jurupa Valley, California. They played for the school's varsity baseball team for one year. Though coaches at University of Redlands and Riverside Community College offered Martin the opportunity to walk on to their college baseball teams, they did not offer scholarships, and Martin opted not to attend college. They went to work for a contractor in Fontana, California, becoming a crew supervisor and dispatcher.
Career
Saraperos de Saltillo
Martin attended a tryout with the Saraperos de Saltillo of the Mexican League in 2007. They signed with them and made their professional baseball debut that year. On the season, Martin pitched to a 2.65 ERA with 17 strikeouts in 34.0 innings. In 2008, Martin recorded a 4.19 ERA and 6-2 record in 35 games for the Saraperos, notching 38 strikeouts as well. In 2009, Martin appeared in 54 games for Saltillo, accumulating a 6-3 record and 4.12 ERA in 63.1 innings pitched.
Washington Nationals
The Washington Nationals signed Martin out of the Mexican League in 2010. In 2011, Martin pitched for the Potomac Nationals of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League and the Harrisburg Senators of the Class AA Eastern League. The Nationals assigned them to the Arizona Fall League after the regular season. They struggled with elbow and shoulder injuries in 2012. Martin split the 2013 season between Potomac and the GCL Nationals, pitching to an excellent 0.87 ERA with 39 strikeouts in 21 games. In 2014, they pitched for the Syracuse Chiefs of the Class AAA International League. They had a 0.80 ERA for Syracuse, allowing a run in only two of their 38 appearances.
The Nationals invited Martin to spring training in 2015. They assigned them to Syracuse to start the year, but selected their contract and promoted them to the major leagues on April 14. The following day, Martin made their major league debut, facing the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park. They started the seventh inning; after allowing a fly out and a single, they proceeded to strike out the next five consecutive batters over two innings. In 13 games for the Nationals in 2015, Martin recorded a 5.11 ERA with 25 strikeouts in 12.1 innings of work. Martin spent much of the 2016 season in Triple-A Syracuse, and was named an International League All-Star. In 8 major league games, Martin recorded a 2.45 ERA with 5 strikeouts in 3.2 innings.
Martin was assigned to Syracuse to begin the 2017 season, and recorded a 5.18 ERA and 7.77 K/9 for the team in 24.1 innings before they were designated for assignment on June 5, 2017. On June 9, Martin was outrighted and remained in Syracuse to finish the season. They elected free agency on November 6, 2017.
Saraperos de Saltillo (second stint)
On March 21, 2018, Martin signed with the Saraperos de Saltillo of the Mexican Baseball League. They allowed 14 runs in 49.1 innings of work in 2018. In 2019, Martin pitched to a 4.98 ERA with 54 strikeouts in 43 games for Saltillo. Martin did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the LMB season because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Personal life
In June 2021, Martin was diagnosed with Guillain–Barré syndrome.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
2017 World Baseball Classic players
American baseball players of Mexican descent
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Baseball players from California
Gulf Coast Nationals players
Harrisburg Senators players
Jurupa Valley, California
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Naranjeros de Hermosillo players
People from San Fernando, California
People with Guillain–Barré syndrome
Potomac Nationals players
Saraperos de Saltillo players
Scottsdale Scorpions players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Washington Nationals players
The Ahrgau (also Argau) was a medieval Frankish gau that lay either side of the River Ahr in the north of the present-day German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, but also reached the gates of Bonn (the Kottenforst forest still belonged to the Ahrgau), especially after the dissolution of the Odangau.
The Ahrgau is mentioned in the records under various names including Arisco (880), pagus Aroensis (882), Argowe (1064) and Archgouwe (1065).
Territory
The Ahrgau belonged to Ripuaria in Lower Lorraine and to the diocese of the Archbishopric of Cologne, which had an Ahr deanery (Ahrdekanat or Decanatus Areuensis) named after it.
In the south the Ahrgau bordered on the Mayenfeldgau on the line from Rheineck up the Vinxtbach stream to the Hohe Acht; in the west it bordered on the Eifelgau and Zülpichgau along the Adenaubach stream as far as the Ahr, along the Vischbach, the Sürsch and the Swist; in the north it bordered on the Bonngau; in the east the Rhine separated the Ahrgau from the Auelgau.
Gaugraves
The gaugraves (Gaugrafen) of Ahrgau mentioned in the records were:
Sigbod, or Sybodo, (fl. 930), founder of Steinfeld Abbey
Sicco, (fl. 1064)
Pertold, also Bertoldus, (fl. 1065)
Sicco, (fl. 1074)
The gaugraves of Ahrgau were the ancestors of the counts of Are.
Gaugrave Sicco, mentioned in 1074, is supposed to have been the father of Dietrich I of Are.
Literature
Geschichtlicher Atlas der Rheinlande, 7th issue, IV.9: Die mittelalterlichen Gaue, 2000, 1 map sheet, 1 enclosure, revised by Thomas Bauer,
References
Carolingian counties
History of the Palatinate (region)
Eifel in the Middle Ages
History of the Rhineland
Ahr
Pumpkin bread is a type of moist quick bread made with pumpkin. The pumpkin can be cooked and softened before being used or simply baked with the bread; using canned pumpkin renders it a simpler dish to prepare. Additional ingredients include nuts (such as walnuts) and raisins.
Pumpkin bread is usually baked in a rectangular loaf pan and is often made in late fall when fresh pumpkins are available. It can also be made from canned pumpkin, resulting in a stronger pumpkin taste.
See also
Banana bread
List of squash and pumpkin dishes
List of quick breads
References
Further reading
External links
Quick breads
Sweet breads
Squash and pumpkin dishes
Naganandini (pronounced naga + nandini-daughter ( nandini ) of Naga/Mountain i.e. Pārvati) is a ragam (musical scale) in Carnatic music (South Indian classical music). It is the 30th Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Nagābharanam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 6th rāgam in the 5th chakra Bana. The mnemonic name is Bana-Sha. The mnemonic phrase is sa ri gu ma pa dhu nu. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(the scale uses the notes chathusruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shatsruthi dhaivatham, kakali nishadham)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Chitrambari, the 66th melakarta.
Janya rāgams
Naganandini has a few minor janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of janya rāgams for all rāgams associated with Naganandini.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Naganandini are:
Nagabharanam by Muthuswami Dikshitar
Sattaleni dinamu by Thyagaraja
Dakshayani rakshamam by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Naganandini's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields 2 other minor melakarta rāgams, namely, Bhavapriya and Vagadheeshwari. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Naganandini.
Notes
External links
Mela Naganandini – Analysis
References
Melakarta ragas
Kuhsenjan (, also Romanized as Kūhsenjān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 36 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Sharad Haksar is an advertising photographer from India.
Biography
Born in Chennai, India, Sharad was originally drawn to architecture as a career. While applying to colleges, they shared their work with Iqbal Mohamed, who asked them to give up their plans for college and work with him. They then branched out on their own with Eye-Light Pictures. In 2002, they founded 1pointsize, a creative hotshop that caters to the multiple needs of companies looking to advertise. The strengths of 1pointsize include photography, styling, graphic design, art direction, copywriting, screenwriting, cinematography and web designing. Sharad later went on to float One Eyeland, a virtual island for creative photographers. They launched the One Eyeland Book Vol:1 in 2011, which is a compilation of the best images from creative photographers around the globe.
Invention
In 2009, Sharad invented a camera lens where you can view the calendar on a screen, and change it using the external adjustment controls located on the lens. It is the first invention of its kind and is available online.
References
Sources
The Hindu on Sharad Haksar's One Eyeland Book (Vol. 1)
BBC on Sharad's Brand Irony controversy
The Hindu on Sharad Haksar
External links
Sharad Haksar Website
Sharad Haksar's One Eyeland
Sharad Haksar's 1pointsize
Sharad Haksar's interview with Campaign India on the journey of 1pointsize
Indian nature photographers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Albert Arnold Gore (December 26, 1907 – December 5, 1998) was an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Tennessee from 1953 to 1971. A member of the Democratic Party, they previously served as a U.S. Representative from the state's 4th congressional district from 1939 to 1953. They were the father of Al Gore, who served as the 45th vice president of the United States from 1993 until 2001, and held Tennessee's other U.S. Senate seat from 1985 to 1993. A native of Granville, Tennessee, Gore graduated from Middle Tennessee State Teachers College and taught school. From 1932 to 1936 they were superintendent of schools for Smith County. They attended the Nashville Y.M.C.A. Night Law School, now the Nashville School of Law, from which they graduated in 1936.
They were admitted to the bar later that year, and also accepted appointment as Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Labor, a position they held until 1937. In 1938, Gore was elected to the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee's 4th congressional district. They were twice re-elected, and served from 1939 until resigning in December 1944. During World War II, Gore briefly served in the United States Army as part of a program that enabled members of Congress to join the military incognito to obtain firsthand information on training, readiness, and treatment of service members. They served from December 1944 to March 1945, when they were discharged and took the House seat to which they had been elected again in November 1944. They were thereafter re-elected in 1946, 1948, and 1950, and served from 1945 until 1953. In 1952, Gore was a successful candidate for the U.S. Senate. They were reelected in 1958 and 1964, and served from January 1953 to January 1971. Gore was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1970.
In the Senate, Gore championed the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956. In 1956, they also opposed the segregationist Southern Manifesto, but they voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Gore reversed course a year later and supported the Voting Rights Act of 1965. During the presidency of Lyndon Johnson, Gore backed most of Johnson's Great Society programs. Gore's 1970 defeat was blamed in part on their opposition to continuing U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War. After leaving the Senate, Gore practiced law and taught law at Vanderbilt University. They later served as a vice president of the Occidental Petroleum Company and was a member of its board of directors. Gore also served on the boards of directors of several other companies and operated a farm on which they bred Angus cattle. Gore died in Carthage, Tennessee on December 5, 1998 and was buried at Carthage's Smith County Memorial Gardens.
Early years
Gore was born in Granville, Tennessee, the third of five children of Margie Bettie ( Denny) and Allen Arnold Gore. Gore's ancestors included Anglo-Irish immigrants who first settled in Virginia in the mid-18th century and moved to Tennessee after the American Revolutionary War. As teenagers, Allen Gore and Cordell Hull were friends.
Gore studied at Middle Tennessee State Teachers College, and taught school in Overton and Smith Counties from 1926 to 1930. They first sought elective public office at age 23, when they ran unsuccessfully for superintendent of schools in Smith County. A year later, they were appointed to the position following the death of the incumbent. Gore graduated from the Nashville Y.M.C.A. Night Law School, now the Nashville School of Law, in 1936 and attained admission to the bar.
Congressional career
After serving as Commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Labor from 1936 to 1937, Gore was elected as a Democrat to the 76th Congress in 1938, re-elected to the two succeeding Congresses, and served from January 3, 1939, until they resigned on December 4, 1944, to enter the U.S. Army.
Military service
Gore was one of several members of Congress who joined the military incognito for short tours, in order to observe training and combat and provide first-hand reports to the U.S. House and Senate. They completed basic training at Fort Meade, Maryland, after which they were assigned to the Allied Military Government for Occupied Territories in Germany as a prosecutor in one of the military government courts. Gore served as a private and was discharged in March 1945 so they could take the seat in the U.S. House to which they had been reelected in November 1944.
Gore was re-elected to the 79th and to the three succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1945, to January 3, 1953). In 1951, Gore proposed in Congress that "something cataclysmic" be done by U.S. forces to end the Korean War: a radiation belt (created by nuclear weapons) dividing the Korean peninsula permanently into two.
U.S. Senate
Gore was not a candidate for House re-election but was elected in 1952 to the U.S. Senate. In their 1952 election, they defeated six-term incumbent Kenneth McKellar. Gore's victory is widely regarded as a major turning point in Tennessee political history and as largely marking the end of statewide influence for E. H. Crump, the Memphis political boss. During this term, Gore was instrumental in sponsoring and enacting the legislation creating the Interstate Highway System. Gore was re-elected in 1958 and again in 1964, and served from January 3, 1953, to January 3, 1971, after they lost reelection in 1970.
Gore was one of only three Democratic senators from the former Confederate states who did not sign the 1956 Southern Manifesto opposing integration, the others being Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson of Texas (who was not asked to sign), and Tennessee's other Senator, Estes Kefauver. South Carolina Senator J. Strom Thurmond tried to get Gore to sign the Southern Manifesto, but Gore refused. Gore voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1960, and 1968, as well as the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the confirmation of Thurgood Marshall to the U.S. Supreme Court, but voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and did not vote on the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
Gore easily won renomination in 1958 over former governor Jim Nance McCord. In those days, Democratic nomination was still tantamount to election in Tennessee since the Republican Party was largely nonexistent in most of the state. In 1964, they faced an energetic Republican challenge from Dan Kuykendall, chairperson of the Shelby County (Memphis) GOP, who ran a surprisingly strong race against him. While Gore won, Kuykendall held them to only 53 percent of the vote, in spite of Johnson's massive landslide victory in that year's presidential election.
1970 campaign and defeat
By 1970, Gore was considered to be fairly vulnerable for a three-term incumbent Senator, as a result of their liberal positions on many issues such as the Vietnam War (which they opposed) and civil rights. This was especially risky, electorally, as at the time the Republican Party was becoming more competitive in Tennessee. They faced a spirited primary challenge, predominantly from former Nashville news anchor Hudley Crockett, who used their broadcasting skills to considerable advantage and generally attempted to run to Gore's right. Gore fended off this primary challenge, but they were ultimately unseated in the 1970 general election by Republican Congressman Bill Brock. Gore was one of the key targets in the Nixon/Agnew "Southern strategy." They had earned Nixon's ire the year before when they criticized the administration's "do-nothing" policy toward inflation. In a memo to senior advisor Bryce Harlow, Nixon aide Alexander Butterfield relayed the President's desire that Gore be "blistered" for their comment. Spiro T. Agnew traveled to Tennessee in 1970 to mock Gore as the "Southern regional chairperson of the Eastern Liberal Establishment". Other prominent issues in the race included Gore's vote against Everett Dirksen's amendment on prayer in public schools, and their opposition to appointing Clement Haynsworth and G. Harrold Carswell to the U.S. Supreme Court. Brock won the election by a 51% to 47% margin.
Political legacy
In 1956, they gained national attention after their disapproval of the Southern Manifesto. Gore voted against the Civil Rights Act of 1964, in fact filibustering against it, although they supported the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Gore was a vocal champion of the Federal Aid Highway Act of 1956, which secured creation of interstate highways. Later, they backed the Great Society array of programs initiated by President Johnson's administration, and introduced a bill with a Medicare blueprint. In international politics, they moved from proposing in the House to employ nuclear weapons for establishing a radioactive demilitarized zone during the Korean War, to voting for the Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty and speaking against the Vietnam War, which cost them their Senate seat in 1970.
Personal life
On April 17, 1937, Gore married lawyer Pauline LaFon (1912–2004), the daughter of Maude (née Gatlin) and Walter L. LaFon. Together, they had two children: Nancy LaFon Gore (1938–1984) and Albert Gore Jr. (born 1948), who followed in their father's political footsteps by representing Tennessee as a U.S. Representative and as a Senator, and later served as Vice President of the United States under Bill Clinton.
After leaving Congress, Gore Sr. resumed the practice of law and also taught law at Vanderbilt University. They continued to represent the Occidental Petroleum where they became vice president and member of the board of directors. Gore became chairperson of Island Creek Coal Co., Lexington, Kentucky, an Occidental subsidiary, in 1972, and in their last years operated Gore Antique Mall, an antiques store in Carthage. They lived to see their son Albert Gore Jr. become Vice President of the United States. Gore Sr. died on December 5, 1998 at the age of 90 and is buried in Smith County Memorial Gardens in Carthage. The stretch of Interstate 65 in Tennessee has been named The Albert Arnold Gore Sr. Memorial Highway in their honor.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Washington Post "Political Junkie" column: answers questions about Gore's civil rights record
"Casting a Long Shadow", by David M. Shribman: The Boston Globe article describing 1970 congressional races of Al Gore Sr., and George H. W. Bush.
: article on Albert A. Gore Jr., and George W. Bush, including some description of the former's relationship with their father.
Oral History Interviews with Albert Gore (Part 1, Part 2) from Oral Histories of the American South
|-
|-
|-
1907 births
1998 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American politicians
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
Burials in Tennessee
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee
Democratic Party United States senators from Tennessee
Fathers of vice presidents of the United States
Albert Gore Sr.
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Middle Tennessee State University alumni
Nashville School of Law alumni
People from Jackson County, Tennessee
People from Carthage, Tennessee
State cabinet secretaries of Tennessee
1956 United States vice-presidential candidates
Vanderbilt University faculty
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army soldiers
Comptaluta is an extinct genus of Cambrian bradoriid arthropod that is a member of the Chengjiang biota. Two species have been described: C. kailiensis and C. inflata.
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian animals
Maotianshan shales fossils
Prehistoric arthropod genera
Cambrian genus extinctions
Mount Thorne () is a prominent peak, 1,465 m, rising on the east flank of Amundsen Glacier, 6 nautical miles (11 km) northwest of Mount Goodale, in the Hays Mountains of the Queen Maud Mountains. Discovered in December 1929 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Laurence Gould, and named for George A. Thorne, topographer and dog driver with that party.
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Amundsen Coast
Walter Herman Sumner (born February 2, 1947) is a former American football player who was selected by the Cleveland Browns in the seventh round of the 1969 NFL Draft. A 6'1", 188 lbs. safety from Florida State University, Sumner played in 6 NFL seasons from 1969 to 1974.
At Florida State, they were a two-sport star as an outfielder and defensive back. Their 11 collegiate interceptions and two punt returns for touchdowns led to their induction into the FSU Hall of Fame in 1982.
References
External links
Pro Football Reference
1947 births
Living people
People from Ocilla, Georgia
American football safeties
Florida State Seminoles football players
Cleveland Browns players
Players of American football from Georgia (U.S. state)
Megarrhamphus is a genus of Asian shield bugs in the subfamily Phyllocephalinae and typical of the tribe Megarrhamphini, erected by Ernst Evald Bergroth in 1891.
Species
The following are included in BioLib.cz:
Megarrhamphus bengalensis Ahmad & Kamaluddin, 1988
Megarrhamphus fuscus (Vollenhoven, 1868)
Megarrhamphus hastatus (Fabricius, 1803) - type species
Megarrhamphus intermedius (Vollenhoven, 1868)
Megarrhamphus ismaili (Abbasi, 1986)
Megarrhamphus limatus (Herrich-Schäffer, 1851)
Megarrhamphus tibialis Yang, 1934
Megarrhamphus truncatus (Westwood, 1837)
References
External links
Pentatomidae
Heteroptera genera
Shield bugs
Hemiptera of Asia
Taxa named by Ernst Evald Bergroth
Ankara 75th Anniversary Race Course () is a horse racing track located at Batıkent neighborhood in Yenimahalle district of Ankara, Turkey. It is founded in 1998, which was the 75th anniversary of Turkish Republic's foundation.
Physical attributes
The race course covers an area of consisting of facilities for racing, training and barns. The race course has three tracks as:
a long and wide turf oval,
a long and wide sand track and
a long and wide oval training.
The track's total spectator capacity is 8,700 with 2,300 seats. The complex, built on four storeys, comprises offices, social and recreational facilities.
Major races
Republic of Turkey Stakes (Cumhuriyet Koşusu) is the most prestigious flat racing in Turkey after the Gazi Race, which is run at Veliefendi Race Course in Istanbul. Established in 1981, it is held on the last weekend of October (Republic Day, 29 October). 22 purebred Arabian horses that are 3-year-old and older compete over a distance of on the turf track. The winner is awarded a total money prize of TL 1.275 million (approx. US$900,000 as of October 2010) accompanied by a trophy bestowed by the Turkish president.
Presidency Cup (Cumhurbaşkanlığı Koşusu), held since 1939 in honor of the Turkish president, is the country's another prestigious flat racing. It is run on the same day with Republic Race over a distance of on the turf track by 9 to 14 thoroughbred horses that are 3-year-old and older. The award totals to TL 743,750 (approx. US$520,000 as of October 2010) and a trophy bestowed by the Turkish president.
References
Horse racing venues in Turkey
Sports venues in Ankara
Sports venues completed in 1998
Yenimahalle, Ankara
There are over eighty squares or pleins in Amsterdam, Netherlands. This is a list of the most notable ones.
Major squares
Dam Square
Dam Square, also known as the Dam it is the main town square and considered to be the very center of the city. On the west edge of the square is the Royal Palace. It is roughly rectangular in shape, and stretches about 200 meters from west to east and about 100 meters from north to south. It links the streets Damrak and Rokin, which run along the original course of the Amstel River from Centraal Station to Muntplein (Mint Square) and the Munttoren (Mint Tower). The Dam also marks the endpoint of the other well-traveled streets Nieuwendijk, Kalverstraat and Damstraat. A short distance beyond the northeast corner lies the main red-light district: de Wallen.
The National Monument, a white stone pillar designed by J.J.P. Oud and erected in 1956 to memorialize the victims of World War II, dominates the opposite side of the square. Also overlooking the plaza are the NH Grand Hotel Krasnapolsky and the upscale department store De Bijenkorf. These various attractions have turned the Dam into a tourist zone.
Dijkgraafplein
Dijkgraafplein is located in Amsterdam-Osdorp at the end of Tussen Meer in the neighborhood that is now known as 'De Sharpen'. It is named after the office of dijkgraaf (the chairperson of a waterboard) in 1962.
Koningsplein
Koningsplein is located between the Singel and Herengracht canals. It has become a meeting place for the local community.
Leidseplein
Leidseplein is located in the southwest of the Grachtengordel district immediately northeast of the Singelgracht canal. It is situated on the crossroads of the Weteringschans, the Marnixstraat, and the Leidsestraat. It is one of the busiest centres for nightlife in the city. Historically, the square was the end of the road from Leiden, and served as a parking lot for horse-drawn traffic. Today, modern traffic travels through the square and side streets are packed with restaurants and nightclubs. The Stadsschouwburg, a theater, is the most notable architectural landmark on the square, and the American Hotel is close by.
Marie Heinekenplein
Marie Heinekenplein is popularly known as Heinekenplein. This circle-shaped square is used for various events, such as a book market and an open-air cinema. It was constructed in the early 1990s. It lies just outside the city centre, in the neighbourhood of De Pijp, along the street Ferdinand Bolstraat. The street Quellijnstraat runs along the southern edge of the square. Tram lines 16 and 24 have a stop near the square.
Along the Marie Heinekenplein are a number of bars and cafés. The square is lined with café terraces. Between the square and the Stadhouderskade street is the former Heineken brewery, now a popular tourist attraction known as the Heineken Experience. Along the northern side of the square is a modern apartment building incorporating a supermarket and other shops at ground level. One of the three restaurants of renowned Chinese restaurant chain Nam Kee is located along the square.
Markenplein
Prior to 1970, Markenplein was named het oude Markenpleintje and before World War II it used to be a part of the Jewish district of Amsterdam. The name Markenplein symbolizes the bond between the new neighborhood and the old Jewish neighborhood.
The pavement pattern was designed by the American artist Sol LeWitt.
The square houses the entrance of the Netherlands Film and Television Academy, the parking garage Markenhoven and the Grand Cafe Allure.
Muntplein
Muntplein, often referred to simply as the "Munt", is in fact a bridge — the widest bridge in Amsterdam — which crosses the Singel canal at the point where it flows into the Amstel river. The square is a bustling intersection of six streets. It forms the southern end of the Kalverstraat shopping street and the major street Rokin. The eastern end of the floating flower market (Bloemenmarkt) along the Singel canal is directly south of the square.
Muntplein is named after the Munttoren (or simply Munt) tower which stands on this square.
Museumplein
Museumplein is located in the Museumkwartier neighbourhood, beside three major museums – the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum, and Stedelijk Museum – and the concert hall Concertgebouw.
Nieuwmarkt
Nieuwmarkt (Dutch for "New Market" is located in Amsterdam's Chinatown, next to the De Wallen (Red-Light District). It is dominated by a building known as the Waag. There are over 20 cafés and coffeeshops facing the square. There is a daily market on the square, as well as an organic food market on Saturdays and a market for antiques and books on Sundays in the summer months.
Noordermarkt
Noordermarkt is located in the Jordaan neighborhood. It is lined by cafés and restaurants. Markets are held on the square every Monday. On Saturdays, a popular organic farmer's market is held on the square. On Mondays a market (mainly for textiles) is also held in the adjacent Westerstraat street.
Oudekerksplein
Oudekerksplein ("Old Church's Square") marks the eastern end of the Red-Light District and is wedged between the Warmoesstraat street and Oudezijds Voorburgwal canal. From the square, the Oudekerksburg bridge crosses the Oudezijds Voorburgwal canal and continues eastwards, through the Oudekennissteeg and Molensteeg alleys, towards the Oudezijds Achterburgwal and Zeedijk.
Originally the Oudekerksplein was a graveyard. In 1655, the graveyard was cleared and moved to a new location beyond the city limits, creating the present square.
Rembrandtplein
Rembrandtplein (Rembrandt Square) is named after the famous painter Rembrandt van Rijn who owned a house nearby from 1639 to 1656.
Spui
The Spui was originally a body of water that formed the southern limit of the city until the 1420s, when the Singel canal was dug as an outer moat around the city. In 1882 the Spui was filled in and became the square that we know today. In 1996 the square was renovated and is now largely car-free.
Waterlooplein
Waterlooplein is located near the Amstel river. The daily flea market on the square is popular with tourists. The Stopera city hall and opera building and the Mozes en Aäronkerk church are at Waterlooplein. The area of Amsterdam that includes Waterlooplein is also called Groot Waterloo district.
Comprehensive list
The following is a more comprehensive list:
Adam Smithplein, Alexanderplein, Amstelveld, Anton de Komplein, August Allebéplein, Barentzplein, Bellamyplein, Beursplein, Bijlmerplein, Boerhaaveplein, Brink, Concertgebouwplein, Dam Square, Emmaplein, Enkhuizerplein, Europaplein, Frederiksplein, Gerard Douplein, H.M. van Randwijkplantsoen, Haarlemmerplein, Hekelveld, Hendrik Jonkerplein, Henriëtte Ronnerplein, Hoofddorpplein, Hugo de Grootplein, Hygieaplein, Jacob Marisplein, Johannes Vermeerplein, Johnny Jordaanplein, Jonas Daniël Meijerplein, Julianaplein, Kadijksplein, Kattenburgerplein, Kleine-Gartmanplantsoen, Koekoeksplein, Koningsplein, Leidseplein, Markenplein, Max Euweplein, Meerhuizenplein, Mercatorplein, Merwedeplein, Minervaplein, Mr. Visserplein, Muntplein, Museumplein, Muzenplein, Nassauplein, Nieuwezijds Kolk, Nieuwmarkt, Noordermarkt, Olympiaplein, Oosterspoorplein, Osdorpplein, Oudekerksplein, Professor Tulpplein, Rapenburgerplein, Rembrandtplein, Roelof Hartplein, Scheldeplein, Sierplein, Smaragdplein, Spaarndammerplantsoen, Spui, Stadionplein, Stationsplein, Surinameplein, Thérèse Schwartzeplein, Thomas R. Malthusstraat, Thorbeckeplein, Valeriusplein, Van Limburg Stirumplein, Van Tuyll van Serooskerkenplein, Victorieplein, Waterlooplein, Weesperplein, Westermarkt, Weteringplantsoen, Wg-plein, Zaandammerplein, Zonneplein, and Zwanenplein.
See also
List of parks in Amsterdam
List of tourist attractions in Amsterdam
References
Amsterdam-related lists
Arctides is a genus of slipper lobsters, containing three species. The largest of these, A. antipodarum, has a carapace up to long, and is found off south-eastern Australia and parts of New Zealand. The other two species are smaller, at up to carapace length; A. guineensis is found in an area similar to the Bermuda Triangle; A. regalis is widely distributed in the Indo-Pacific, from the Mascarene Islands to Hawaii and Easter Island.
References
Achelata
Diffuse myelinoclastic sclerosis, sometimes referred to as Schilder's disease, is a very infrequent neurodegenerative disease that presents clinically as pseudotumoural demyelinating lesions, making its diagnosis difficult. It usually begins in childhood, affecting children between 5 and 14 years old, but cases in adults are also possible.
This disease is considered one of the borderline forms of multiple sclerosis because some authors consider them different diseases and others MS variants. Other diseases in this group are neuromyelitis optica (NMO), Balo concentric sclerosis and Marburg multiple sclerosis.
Symptoms and signs
Symptoms are similar to those in multiple sclerosis and may include dementia, aphasia, seizures, personality changes, poor attention, tremors, balance instability, incontinence, muscle weakness, headache, vomiting, and vision and speech impairment.
Diagnostic
The Poser criteria for diagnosis are:
One or two roughly symmetrical large plaques. Plaques are greater than 2 cm diameter.
No other lesions are present and there are no abnormalities of the peripheral nervous system.
Results of adrenal function studies and serum very long chain fatty acids are normal.
Pathological analysis is consistent with subacute or chronic myelinoclastic diffuse sclerosis.
Neuropathological examination
The typical demyelinating plaques in Schilder's sclerosis are usually found bilaterally in the centrum semiovale. Both hemispheres are almost completely occupied by large, well defined lesions. Although plaques of this kind are largely prevalent in Schilder's sclerosis, smaller lesions can also be observed.
Immunology
It has been reported that DMS cases show no oligoclonal bands, being therefore distinct from standard MS.
Treatments
Management Corticosteroids may be effective in some patients. Additional treatment options are beta-interferon or immunosuppressive therapy. Otherwise management is supportive and includes physiotherapy, occupational therapy and nutritional support in the later stages as patients lose their ability to eat.
Prognosis
The prognosis of this disease is very variable and can take three different courses: a monophasic, not remitting; remitting; and finally, progressive, with increase in deficits.
History
It was first described by Paul Ferdinand Schilder in 1912, and for nearly one hundred years the term "Schilder disease" was used to describe it, but the same name was also used for some other white matter pathologies described by him. In 1986 Poser tried to restrict the use of Schilder's disease name to the disease described here, but this name has still remained ambiguous.
The name comes from a traditional classification of demyelinating diseases in two groups: demyelinating myelinoclastic diseases and demyelinating leukodystrophic diseases. In the first group, a normal and healthy myelin is destroyed by a toxic, chemical, or autoimmune substance. In the second group, myelin is abnormal and degenerates. The second group was denominated dysmyelinating diseases by Poser.
References
External links
Autoimmune diseases
Demyelinating diseases of CNS
Rhenopterus is an extinct prehistoric eurypterid. Fossils of Rhenopterus have been recovered from deposits of Lower Devonian age in Germany.
Description
Rhenopterids were small, characterized by scattered tubercules and knobs on the outer surface of the exoskeleton. Their first two (or possibly three) pairs of walking legs had spines; the last two pairs were long and powerful, without spines. The prosoma (head) was subtrapezoidal, with arcuate compound eyes on parallel axes. The male genital appendages were short with two distal spines.
Species
Rhenopterus contains three valid species, with other named species now seen as invalid or part of other genera.
Rhenopterus diensti Størmer, 1936 - Germany (Lower Devonian)
Rhenopterus macrotuberculatus Størmer, 1974 - Alken an der Mosel, Germany (Devonian)
Rhenopterus tuberculatus Størmer, 1936 - Germany (Devonian)
Invalid or reassigned species are listed below:
"Rhenopterus" latus Størmer, 1936 - Germany (Devonian), synonym of R. diensti.
"Rhenopterus" sievertsi Størmer, 1969 - Germany (Devonian), reclassified as a species of Adelophthalmus.
See also
List of eurypterids
References
Rhenopteroidea
Devonian eurypterids
Prehistoric life of Europe
Eurypterids of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 1936
Agoseris retrorsa is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name spearleaf agoseris or spearleaf mountain dandelion.
It is native to western North America from Washington to Utah to Baja California, where it grows in many types of habitat, including chaparral, scrub, and coniferous forest.
Description
Agoseris retrorsa is a perennial herb forming a base of leaves about a number of erect, thick, wool-coated inflorescences up to half a meter in height. The narrow leaves are linear to lance-shaped, and spearlike with curving toothlike lobes along the edges.
The inflorescence bears a single flower head which is several centimeters wide when fully open. It is lined with woolly, pointed phyllaries which are green, often with reddish purple longitudinal streaks or stripes. The flower head contains many golden yellow ray florets, the outer ones usually darker in color.
The fruit is an achene with a plumelike pappus of white bristles.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Agoseris retrorsa
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile: Agoseris retrorsa
Agoseris retrorsa — Calphotos Photo gallery, University of California
retrorsa
Flora of Baja California
Flora of California
Flora of Idaho
Flora of Nevada
Flora of Oregon
Flora of Utah
Flora of the Great Basin
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Plants described in 1849
Taxa named by George Bentham
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The 2019 Croatian Football Super Cup was the twelfth edition of Croatian Football Super Cup, a football match contested by the winners of the Croatian First League and Croatian Football Cup. The match was played on 13 July 2019 at Stadion Maksimir in Zagreb between 2018–19 Croatian First League winners Dinamo Zagreb and 2018–19 Croatian Football Cup winners Rijeka.
Match details
References
Croatian Football Super Cup at HNS-CFF.hr
Croatian Football Super Cup at HRnogomet.com
2019
GNK Dinamo Zagreb matches
HNK Rijeka matches
Supercup
The Yetaishan Campaign (爷台山战役), also known as the Chunhua Incident (淳化事变) by the nationalists and dubbed the Yetaishan Counteroffensive (爷台山反击战) by the communists, was a series of battles fought between the nationalists and the communists during Chinese Civil War shortly before the end of World War II, and resulted in the communist victory.
Order of battle
Nationalists (totaling around 20,000):
2nd Cavalry Division
Temporarily Organized 59th Division
3rd Reserve Division
Communists (around 6,000):
3rd Regiment of the 1st Garrison Brigade
2 regiments of the New 4th Brigade
2 regiments of the 1st Training Brigade
2 regiments of the 2nd Training Brigade
8th Regiment of the 358th Brigade
First stage
Yetai Mountain (Yetai Shan, 爷台山) located at the southern tip of the Qiao (乔) Mountain Range at the border of Chunhau (淳化) and Yao (耀) Counties was the southern gate of the Communist base in Shaanxi, and its main peak was 1,300 meters above sea level. Beginning on 15 July 1945, Hu Zongnan redeployed their forces in Henan, Xi'an, along the Yellow River westward to part of Xunyi (旬邑), Tongguan (同官), Chunhau (淳化) and Yao (耀) Counties, reaching a total of nine divisions. On 21 July 1945, the nationalist 2nd Cavalry and Temporarily Organized 59th Divisions suddenly launched a surprise attack on this strategic location, as a probe attack to discover the weakness of the Communist defense, as well as the reaction of Communists and the general public. On 23 July 1945, the nationalist 3rd Reserve Division also joined the attack on the enemy. After a series of small but fierce battles that continuously lasted a week, the numerically and technically inferior local Communist garrison withdrew on 27 July 1945 into the heart of their base in Shaanxi, and the nationalists succeeded in taking control of the mountain and 41 hamlets to the west of the mountain.
The Communists organized a temporary headquarters for counteroffensive at Horse Fence (Malan, 马栏). Zhang Zongxun was appointed as the commander-in-chief, Wang Shitai (王世泰) and Wang Jishan (王近山) as the deputy commanders-in-chief, Xi Zhongxun as the political commissar, Tan Zheng (谭政) as the deputy political commissar, and Zhang Jingwu (张经武) as the chief-of-staff, and Gan Siqi as the director of the political directorate. A total of eight regiments of Communist New 4th Brigade, 358th Brigade, 1st and 2nd Training Brigades and 1st Garrison Brigade were deployed to counterattack.
Second stage
The harsh conditions of the local area could not support three mechanized divisions, and most of the nationalist force had to withdraw in order to avoid the logistic nightmare, and the main force had to be deployed in other regions, including Bin (邠), Zhongbu (中部), Shibao (石堡), Xingping (兴平), Chunhau (淳化) and Yao (耀) Counties and Xi'an. Only six companies were left behind to guard the newly conquered territory, including two heavy machine gun companies, and four infantry companies, with the crack troop nicknamed the "Ever Victorious Company", the 4th Company of the 2nd Battalion of the 3rd Regiment of the nationalist 59th Temporary Organized Division guarding the main peak of the Yetai Mountain (Yetai Shan, 爷台山). To strengthen their positions, seven additional machine guns were assigned to the "Ever Victorious Company". The nationalists also drafted most of the local population to build over a dozen bunkers interconnected by trenches to fortify their positions.
Communists were determined to dislodge the nationalists from their positions. Five battalions of the Communist New 4th Brigade and a mountain gun crew were assigned as the main force of the first attack wave, and they were to be helped by the 1st and 3rd Garrison Regiments of the Communist 1st Garrison Brigade. They were tasked to annihilate nationalists in the regions of Yetai Mountain (Yetai Shan, 爷台山), Laozhuangzi (老庄子), and Song Family's Pit (Songjiawa, 宋家洼). The 358th Brigade was the second wave deployed in the region of Phoenix Mountain (Fenghuanshan, 凤凰山) and Zhaojin (照金), and join the fight if necessary, but its main tasks was to prepare for the possible nationalist counterattack that would certainly follow. The 1st and 2nd Training Brigade deployed in the region of Ridge Gulf (Lingwan, 岭湾) and Shangzhenzi (上珍子) as general reserve were tasked to protect the rear. After the Communist force regrouped at the region of Horse Fence (Malan, 马栏), they set out on 7 August 1945 and the communist temporary headquarters was also moved forward from Horse Fence (Malan, 马栏) to Mianlu (免鹿) Hamlet at the foothill of Phoenix Mountain (Fenghuanshan, 凤凰山), 10 km away from Yetai Mountain (Yetai Shan, 爷台山).
Third stage
At the dusk of 8 August 1945, Communists secretly approached the nationalist positions and dug in. At midnight, the attack begun, but their advance was checked by the stubborn nationalist defense. By 4:00 AM of 9 August 1945, only the 771st Regiment of the New 4th Brigade succeeded in taking nationalist positions at Meng Household's Plain, (Menghuyuan, 孟户原) and Xionng Family's Mountain (Xiongjiashan, 熊家山), while other communist attacks were beaten back. The communist headquarters consequently ordered the 358th Brigade to join the fight, and the 8th Regiment of the 358th Brigade was ordered by its brigade commander Huang Xinting (黄新廷) to launch another round of attack on the nationalists, under the cover of the artillery barrage of three mountain guns and eight mortars, the entire artillery pieces of the brigade.
By 10:00 AM on 9 August 1945, the 6th Company of the 2nd Battalion of the 8th Regiment of the Communist 358th Brigade succeeded in taking all trenches outside the bunkers occupied by the nationalists, and a Communist soldier named Yin Yufen (尹玉芬) first breached the first nationalist bunker, and soon after, other units of the 2nd Battalion of the 8th Regiment of the Communist 358th Brigade and 1st Battalion of the 16th Regiment of the New 4th Brigade also succeeded in breaching the nationalist defense, finally taking the remaining nationalist positions at Yetai Mountain (Yetai Shan, 爷台山) by 2:00 PM. After the main battle ended, the 3rd Battalion of the 8th Regiment of the Communist 358th Brigade and the 3rd Garrison Regiment succeeded in taking the last five bunkers in the region of Laozhuangzi (老庄子), and Songjiawa (宋家洼), and the five nationalists companies left to guard the region were completely destroyed and Communist took a defensive posture to prepare for possible nationalist counterattacks.
Conclusion
After concluding the nationalists would not launch any more counterattacks, the Communist finally declared a victory on 10 August 1945. The Communist succeeded in retake all of the territories previously lost by destroying all of the six nationalist companies stationed there, succeeding in capturing over a hundred nationalist enlisted, thirty-six nationalist officers (including a battalion commander), while killing most of the remaining nationalist troops. A total of nineteen machine guns and huge amount of ammunition also fell into Communist hands. The conflict was used by the Communists as a mean to evaluate the training of their troops, especially the 358th Brigade.
The nationalists not only learned that the rugged mountainous terrain favored the enemy defenders but ill-suited for the mechanized force of their own, but was also worrying the political fallout of alienating the general public for launching an attack on the Communists instead of the Japanese invaders. Furthermore, the American investigation team (accompanied by Yang Shangkun, with Huang Hua and Ma Haide (George Hatem) as interpreters) visited the site on 12 August 1945 concluded that the nationalists were at fault, which agreed with the perception of the general public, and losing US support was simply a risk the nationalists could not afford to take. The nationalists therefore decided not to attempt a retake of the region, and the campaign concluded as both sides turned their attention to capturing more territories from the Japanese invaders.
See also
List of battles of the Chinese Civil War
National Revolutionary Army
History of the People's Liberation Army
Chinese Civil War
References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Liberation War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987,
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004,
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992,
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993,
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993 – 1997, (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)
Campaigns of the Chinese Civil War
1945 in China
Enter the Mowo! is a 2004 album by Mocean Worker. The album received positive reviews and includes new recordings and samples of several jazz musicians with electronic backing. Mocean Worker went on tour to support the effort in 2005.
Reception
Jason MacNeil of PopMatters gave the album a positive review, calling the mixture of artists and styles a "great success", while criticizing a few ideas on the release as incomplete. In Exclaim!, Joshua Ostroff wrote that Mocean Worker lived up to their personal legacy of jazz performance via their father and top billing alongside jazz greats sampled on this album. Brian Ferdman of Jambands.com wrote that the album has a "beautiful arc", with mixes of several genres of music, summing up: "Every disparate source, solo, and sample fits so well that it's nearly impossible to tell which instrumentalists are live, dead, or mere by-products of Dorn's vivid imagination. Finely crafted albums like Enter the MoWo! have become a rarity in today's world, but Adam Dorn's impressive effort has resulted in a superb creation than transcends the limitations of an album. Enter the Mowo! is a true work of art and a damn fine one at that." The editorial staff of AllMusic Guide gave the album four out of five stars, with reviewer Joshua Glazer positively positioning the release in jazz history, with its varied references to bop and previous attempts to sample dead musicians on new compositions. All About Jazz called it their finest work with deft musicianship. A mixed review from Michael Allen Goldberg of the Miami New Times critiqued the recordings for being unoriginal. John Murph gave a mildly negative review in Jazz Times, calling the music kitschy and musty but praising specific tracks and performances.
Track listing
"Chick a Boom Boom Boom" – 3:55
"Only the Shadow Knows" – 2:30
"Right Now" – 4:11
"Shamma Lamma Ding Dong" – 5:12
"I'll Take the Woods" – 5:42
"Salted Fatback" – 4:02
"Move" – 4:52
"That's What's Happenin' Tonight" – 3:32
"On and On" – 3:46
"Blackbird" – 3:12
"Float" – 5:15
"Collection II" – 3:16
Personnel
Mocean Worker – vocals, composition, production
Additional musicians
Bill Frisell on "Salted Fatback"
Rahsaan Roland Kirk on "Shamma Lamma Ding Dong"
Franck Gauthier on "Shamma Lamma Ding Dong"
Les McCann on "That's What's Happenin' Tonight"
Jane Monheit on "Float"
David "Fathead" Newman on "Chick a Boom Boom Boom
Ambrosia Parsley on "I'll Take the Woods"
Nina Simone on "Blackbird"
Additional personnel
Martin Brumbach – production
References
External links
2004 albums
Mocean Worker albums
Albums produced by Mocean Worker
Cascade Caverns is a historically, geologically, and biologically important limestone solutional cave south of Boerne, Texas, United States, on 226 Cascade Caverns Road, in Kendall County. It has been commercially operated as a show cave and open for public tours since 1932. Informal tours were run as far back as 1875, when Dr. Benjamin Hester owned the cave property. The cave was known by the native Lipan Apache people who lived in the area prior to 1800.
History
Cascade Caverns is part of the Glen Rose Formation, a shallow marine to shoreline geological formation from the Lower Cretaceous period. This formation has been exposed in a large area beginning in South-central Texas, running north through the Texas Hill Country, ending up in North-central Texas.
The cave has been open to the environment for many tens of thousands of years, as evidenced by prehistoric animal finds and Lipan Apache artifacts from the 1700s. In the mid-19th century, various legends existed about a hermit who lived on the ledge at the entrance to the cave. In 1878, August Siemering, one of the co-founders of the San Antonio Express News, wrote the book Ein Verfehltes Leben (A Stolen Life, or A Wasted Life) about a hermit who lived in the cave. The book was later translated into English in 1932, The Hermit of the Cavern by May E. Francis, a University of Texas (t. u.) professor.
A cave in the area was also mentioned in the book The Boy Captives by Clinton L. Smith about two local boys who were abducted by Comanche and Lipan Indians on February 26, 1871. They spent several years living with the Indians until they were finally returned to their family. The cave may be Cascade Caverns or any of the other caves in the Cibolo Creek area.
The cave was first commercially opened in 1932 and operated until about 1941. Alfred and Edith Gray were the original landowners when the cave was first opened. The cave was closed during WWII because most of the men were away fighting in Europe and strict gas rationing limited travel. During the time of closure, the cave's artifact collection was looted from the gift shop. Business was resumed in the late 1940s. Cascade Caverns had been originally known as Hester's Cave, named after a late 19th-century landowner. It became most famous as a result of Frank Nicholson's publication of cave explorations.
Frank Nicholson (formerly of Carlsbad Caverns) was the first person in modern times to explore the cave all the way to the Cathedral Room. Several other people helped to explore the main cave along with other caves in the area, including Bernard Cartwright and their brother Dan. Bernard was married to Mary Rose (née Kronkosky), who said that Edith Gray and they and their children would worry and wait for the cave explorers to come back out into the light of day.
The exploration in 1931 required getting past the Lake Room which was a sump. According to a newspaper article from November 1931 in the San Antonio Express News, they had some waterproof molasses buckets that they put their lights in. Also, a legend holds that they put flashlights in mason jars.
The cave tour business changed hands many times over the years. In the 1930s, a flag-stop on the San Antonio-Boerne SA&AP train line ran by the cave about from the entrance. The current gift shop was originally a dance hall next to a kitchen. The Menger Hotel ran a restaurant near the cave entrance when the cave initially opened as a commercial endeavor in 1932. At one time, a toy train from Joske's department store ran around the grounds. The train still exists and is in storage but is no longer used. At one time, a swimming pool, a movie theater, and a gravity house were nearby.
In 1967, artist Paul "P.B." Kime, who had a studio at Cascade Caverns in the 1960s, created a parade float that was used in the first Boerne Berges Fest in 1967 and the first Weihnacht's Parade in 1987.
In April 1984, a Texas historical marker was placed near the cave to commemorate the natural landmark.
In 1993, the Walt Disney Company filmed a movie called Father Hood starring Patrick Swayze. They filmed for several weeks both inside the cave and out on the grounds. Several minutes of footage were used in the final version of the film. A prop in the film was a giant T. rex, which is still located near the gift shop today.
The original gift shop (constructed in 1932) was badly damaged, and the Alfred and Edith Gray Theater (constructed in 1984) was destroyed, in a flood in 2002.
In 2005, Cascade Caverns was the scene of a murder when Dario Acevedo, a worker at the park, shot and killed fellow worker Jeffrey Donofrio. Acevedo was sentenced to life in prison.
Description
Cascade Caverns maintains a temperature range of all year round. A 45- to 60-minute commercial tour passes through of flowstone corridors and winding chambers, which leads below the surface and into the Cathedral Room.
Below the Cathedral Room is another cave that is only accessible through a drainpipe that was installed in the early 1960s after the natural passage collapsed during a flood. Adventure Tours to the lower cave are given by expert cavers by reservation only. The sump at the bottom of the Lower Cave is about below the surface.
The cave was host to Texas' only cavern with a natural interior waterfall. Originally, seven waterfalls were in the cavern. A very bad drought in the 1950s caused all of the waterfalls to dry up, except for the one in the Cathedral Room. It would either not run or unexpectedly flood the room, so in the 1960s, the original source of the water was sealed up and an artificial waterfall was installed to mimic the original one without the danger of flooding. This very feature, the cascading waterfall, had earned the cave its name. The cave is 95% alive and water droplets persistently fall upon the cave formations. The primary formations found in the cave are soda straws. Most are quite short because of frequent flooding.
The cave is home to unusual insects, including cave crickets (Rhaphidophoridae) and cave beetles (Rhadine persephone). Also to be found in the cave are microscopic creatures called Stygobromus dejectus, the Cascade Caverns amphipod. Also, amphibians, crawfish, reptiles, tricolored bats (Pipistrellus), and the rare Cascade Caverns neotenic salamanders live in the cave. Known as the Cascade Caverns salamander or Kendall County salamander, it can only be found in Cascade Caverns and another regional cave, the Cave Without a Name.
Mastodon remains, saber-toothed cat bones (Smilodon), American bison bones, and other animal parts have been found in the cave. Native American artifacts, human remains, and even a pistol were reportedly found during excavation of the front room. Most of these items disappeared during the closure in the early 1940s.
Tours are run year-round, with only rare closings due to flooding. A dam protects the cave from unexpected flash flooding. Quite a few floods have happened throughout the years that have affected the cave. Naturally, the cave formed with the help of flooding, with water helping to carve out the rock. During the exploration in 1931, white fish were reported to be in the cave. After the natural flow of water was inhibited with the dam, these fish are no longer seen.
Flooding at Cascade Caverns
Photo gallery
References
External links
Official Cascade Caverns website
Caves of Texas
Limestone caves
Landforms of Kendall County, Texas
Show caves in the United States
Texas Hill Country
Tourist attractions in Kendall County, Texas
Tiexi District (), is located in the southwest of Anshan, Liaoning province, China.
The main plant of Anshan Steel limited company is in this district. The Technology developing district is also here.
Administrative divisions
There are 11 subdistricts.
Subdistricts:
Yongle Subdistrict ()
Gonghe Subdistrict ()
Xingsheng Subdistrict ()
Bajiazi Subdistrict ()
Qiming Subdistrict ()
Fanrong Subdistrict ()
Xintao Subdistrict ()
Dalu Subdistrict ()
Beitaoguan Subdistrict ()
Nanhua Subdistrict ()
Yongfa Subdistrict ()
References
External links
Anshan
County-level divisions of Liaoning
Thromidia seychellesensis is a species of starfish of the Mithrodiidae family and was described in 1977.
References
Mithrodiidae
A Guide to Transylvania is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1996.
Contents
This campaign accessory centers on the Dracula myth, but while Vlad has been away at Carfax Abbey other forces, both good and evil, have begun to vie for power. And while the Red Death virtually formed this state for their own ends, now a series of rival cults and the soldiers of good are on the march.
Publication history
A Guide to Transylvania was published by TSR, Inc. in 1996.
Reception
Trenton Webb reviewed A Guide to Transylvania for Arcane magazine, rating it a 9 out of 10 overall. They commented: "Transylvania has been synonymous with evil and superstition ever since Bram Stoker penned Dracula. Now Stoker's vision of this feudal, blood-soaked land has been resurrected, fleshed out and given a horde of new skeletons to keep in its dusty cupboards." Webb stated: "Those not familiar with Masque of the Red Death may find the very concept of an AD&D game set in the 1890s a little hard to comprehend. Yet with surprisingly few tweaks and this correct setting the system works, and what's more makes for a rivetting change from more usual, slightly predictable Tolkienesque adventures." They added "Written in a brisk manner, reminiscent of a Victorian Grand Tour, this guide gives referees a fascinating insight into the very heart of Transylvania mixing up history, legend, superstition and 1890s fact to create a world so believable you can almost smell the garlic." Webb concluded their review by stating that "Transylvania offers no example adventure, however if the Forbidden Lore and legends don't start you thinking then you're running the wrong game. The only weakness of Transylvania is that as a sub-set of Ravenloft which in itself is a sub-set of more traditional D&D, then its useful appeal is limited. However, if ever proof was needed that D&D isn't just a game about Orc bashing, then this is definitely it."
References
Ravenloft
Northeast Harbor is a village on Mount Desert Island, located in the town of Mount Desert in Hancock County, Maine, United States.
The original settlers, the Someses and Richardsons, arrived around 1761.
The village has a significant summer population, and has long been a quiet enclave of the rich and famous. Summer residents include the Rockefeller family. The village was once so popular as a summer resort among Philadelphians, including members of the Clark banking family, that it was sometimes known as "Philadelphia on the rocks".
The westerly entrance to the village is home to the Asticou Inn, the Asticou Azalea Garden, and Thuya Garden. The Inn was built by Augustus Chase ("A.C.") Savage (1832–1911), grandson of Glaswegian John C. Savage (1756–1816), who moved to the United States in 1770 and to Northeast Harbor in 1792. In December 1966, a fire destroyed Wallace's Esso Garage, the Pastime Theater, the Hillcrest Market, and Mrs. Flye's Sandwich Shop.
Main Street is home to a variety of shops and restaurants including: The Kimball Shop, Colonel's Deli, Pine Tree Market and Liquor, Main Street Variety, Shaw's Jewelry andMilk & Honey.
The Marina is home to upwards of two hundred yachts during the summertime, and has views looking out over the cove.
Its ZIP code is 04662. Its area code is 207, exchange 276.
Notable residents
Brooke Astor
Barbara Bel Geddes
Parker Fennelly
Gunnar Hansen
Garry Moore
Marguerite Yourcenar and Grace Frick
Leonard Leo
See also
Northeast Harbor Library Digital Archive: finding aids and scanned photographs
Exhibit: Northeast Harbor: From Rustic to Rusticators, hosted by Maine Memory Project
Finding aid: MF 043 Northeast Harbor Library Oral History Collection, University of Maine
References
American upper class
Mount Desert Island
Villages in Hancock County, Maine
Villages in Maine
Marinas in the United States
William Garrow Lettsom FRAS (1805 – 14 December 1887) was a British diplomat and scientist. They were instrumental in revealing the text of the secret Treaty of the Triple Alliance between Argentina, the Empire of Brazil and Uruguay.
Early life
Lettsom was born into a Quaker family at Fulham in March 1805. Their paternal grandfather John Coakley Lettsom was a famous physician, philanthropist and abolitionist who held that sea-bathing was good for public health. Their maternal grandfather − with whom they lived in their youth − was Sir William Garrow the celebrated criminal defender, afterwards a judge, who introduced the phrase "presumed innocent until proven guilty" into the common law and whose life inspired the television drama series Garrow's Law. Lettsom was educated at Westminster School and Cambridge University.
Literary acquaintance
As an undergraduate at Cambridge University Lettsom befriended the author William Makepeace Thackeray and was the (or an) editor of The Snob in which some of Thackeray's earliest work appeared; Lettsom has been identified as the character Tapeworm in Thackeray's novel Vanity Fair, a diplomat who fancies themselves as a ladies' man. Lettsom was well acquainted with the cartoonist George Cruikshank, illustrator of the early works of Charles Dickens. Lettsom was a contributor to various literary periodicals under the pseudonym Dr. Bulgardo.
Scientist
Lettsom was a competent scientist in an age when this was still possible for an amateur. They were best known as the joint author of Greg and Lettsom's Manual of the Mineralogy of Great Britain and Ireland, which was the most complete and accurate work that had appeared on the mineralogy of the British Isles. First published in 1858, a century later it was still the standard work on the subject, when a reprint was issued.
But their scientific interests were wider, and they corresponded with the most eminent workers in spectroscopy. They were a member of the London Electrical Society and the author of several papers on geological, electrical and spectroscopic subjects.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1849. In that year they communicated an experiment in bioelectricity: by making a wound in a finger and inserting the electrode of a galvanometer, while placing the other electrode in contact with an unwounded finger, a current was observed to flow. Lettsom observed that the experiment was repeatable for they had tried it himself. In 1857 while on diplomatic service in Mexico they sent to the Royal Entomological Society of London some seeds which, when put in a warm place, became "very lively". The grub responsible had not been investigated scientifically before, wrote Lettsom, and they asked the Society to do so. These were the celebrated Mexican jumping beans.
While on diplomatic service in Uruguay they brought a 9 inch Henry Fitz telescope for astronomical observations in the southern hemisphere. Owing to unknown problems they sent the telescope back to New York to be checked and adjusted by the telescope maker. The telescope was received by Lewis Rutherford, pioneer astrophotographer and spectroscopist and associate of the Royal Astronomical Society, who helped Henry Fitz on this task. The telescope was left in Uruguay and is in use to this day by the Uruguayan Amateur Astronomers' Association.
Diplomat
Having been called to the Bar by Lincoln's Inn they entered the diplomatic service. After postings in Berlin, Munich (1831), Washington (1840), Turin (1849) and Madrid (1850) they were appointed secretary to the Legation at Mexico (1854) and became the Chargé d'affaires.
In the unreformed British diplomatic service there were no examinations; candidates were appointed by the influence of political friends. This caused criticism. In the House of Commons on 22 May 1855 the motion wasThat it is the opinion of this House that the complete Revision of our Diplomatic Establishment recommended in the Report of the Select Committee of 1850 on Official Salaries should be carried into effect.
In this debate Lettsom was used as a case in point to illustrate the defects of the unreformed system. It has been noted that Lettsom, "who had invariably conducted themselves to the satisfaction of those who employed him", received one of the slowest promotions in the diplomatic service. A diplomat was expected to be a gentleman and to have a private income whereby they could receive unpaid diplomatic appointments. Hence nine of the twenty-three years of Lettsom's service were unsalaried; promotion was slow. This glacial treatment did not apply, however, to those who had powerful political friends, for they were soon appointed to agreeable capitals at enormous salaries. The motion was carried by 112 votes to 57, Mr Otway MP remarking that "The person who had shown themselves to be the fittest man, whether they were the son of a Peer or a tailor, should be chosen".
While in Mexico the British government suspended relations with that country on Lettsom's representation, and they were the object of an attempted assassination. Between 1859 and 1869 Lettsom was appointed Consul-General and Chargé d'Affaires to the Republic of Uruguay.
Treaty of the Triple Alliance
In 1864 and early 1865 Paraguayan forces under the orders of Francisco Solano López seized Brazilian and Argentine shipping and invaded the provinces of the Mato Grosso and Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil) and Corrientes (Argentina). On 1 May 1865 Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay signed the Treaty of the Triple Alliance against Paraguay. By Article XVIII of the Treaty its provisions were to be kept secret until its "principal object" should be obtained.
One of its provisions concerned the acquisition by Argentina of large tracts of territory then in dispute between it and Paraguay. Lettsom was not satisfied about this and surreptitiously obtained a copy of the Treaty from the Uruguayan diplomat Dr Carlos de Castro. They forwarded it to London and the British government ordered it to be translated into English and published to Parliament. When the text became available in South America there was outrage in several quarters, some because of the Treaty's content, others because it had been published at all.
Lettsom has been cited as an exemplar of the nuance with which a substantial part of the British diplomatic corps saw the Paraguayan War.
Later
Lettsom retired from the diplomatic service in 1869. They never married. They died of acute bronchitis on 14 December 1887.
Notes
References
1805 births
1887 deaths
Amateur astronomers
Spectroscopists
British diplomats
British mineralogists
Paraguayan War
People from Fulham
The Reformed Church of Aargau or Reformierte Landeskirche des Kantons Aargau is a Reformed state cantonal church in Aargau, Switzerland. It was founded in 1803, and according to the 2004 statistics the Aargau Reformed Church had 76 Presbyteries and 1 Synod with almost 200,000 members and 76 parishes and 107 ordained clergy. The official language is German. Member of the Schweizerischer Evangelischer Kirchenbund. Women ordination is allowed. Blessing of same-sex unions were allowed and on September 18, 2019 blessing of same-sex marriages were allowed.
List of churches
External links
Reformed Landeskirche Aargau
References
Aargau
Aargau
Aargau
Fermoy is a town in County Cork, Ireland. Fermoy may also refer to:
Places
Fermoy (barony), County Cork; near the Irish town
Fermoy, Minnesota, United States
Fermoy, Ontario, Canada
Other
Baron Fermoy, title in the Peerage of Ireland created in 1856 for Edmond Roche
Fermoy GAA, club based in the Irish town
HMS Fermoy (J40), a Hunt-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy that served during both World War I and World War II
The Wizard of Paws is an American reality show on BYU TV that follows Sterling, Virginia-based animal orthotist Derrick Campana as they create prosthetic limbs for pets and sanctuary animals. The series premiered in April 2020 with a 10-episode first season, followed by three more seasons in 2021 and 2022. Nat Geo Wild shares the rights to the show, and some episodes are available on Disney+.
Campana attended Pennsylvania State University, where they earned an undergraduate degree in kinesiology and biomechanics in 2001, followed by Northwestern University where they graduated with a masters degree in orthotics and prosthetics. Starting in 2002, Campana worked on human prosthetics for a few years. They currently own and operates Bionic Pets, specializing in prosthetics, and they remain a partner in Animal OrthoCare, which they founded in 2005 and sold in the 2010s. Campana was first featured on the 2018 Animal Planet show Dodo Heroes.
Episodes
Season 1 (2020)
Season 2 (2021)
References
2020 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
2020s American television series
Veterinary organizations
Veterinary medicine in the United States
Chatrapati Sivaji () is a 1974 Indian Tamil-language television film directed by S. A. Kannan and written by Thanjaivannan. Based on the life of the Maratha warrior Shivaji, it stars Sivaji Ganesan in the title role. The film premiered on Doordarshan on 21 July 1974.
Plot
Production
July 1974 was when the tri-centenary of the Maratha warrior Shivaji's ascent to the throne was celebrated. To commemorate this, the Bombay branch of Doordarshan wanted to make a television film later titled Chatrapati Sivaji. T. S. Narayana Swamy, a Doordarshan producer, approached Sivaji Ganesan, who had previously portrayed Shivaji in the play Sivaji Kanda Hindu Rajyam and the film Bhakta Tukaram (1973). Ganesan accepted to play Shivaji, and even offered to finance the whole project. A. V. Meiyappan of AVM Productions lent their studio along with the necessary props for shooting. Thanjaivannan wrote the screenplay based on Ganesan's story. Ganesan's colleague S. A. Kannan was the director, and various technicians from Sivaji Films worked on the project.
Broadcast
Chatrapati Sivaji premiered on Doordarshan on 21 July 1974, before airing on other television channels. Babasaheb Purandare gave an introductory in Marathi, after which the film was telecast in Tamil. In 1975, it became the first programme to be telecast on the Madras branch of Doordarshan. As of 2017, the film is preserved in their archives.
References
Bibliography
1970s Tamil-language films
1974 films
Cultural depictions of Shivaji
Doordarshan television films
Trichloroacetyl chloride is the acyl chloride of trichloroacetic acid. It can be formed by reacting chlorine with acetyl chloride or acetaldehyde in the presence of activated charcoal. It is used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals and plant protection compounds.
References
Acyl chlorides
Trichloromethyl compounds
The Valley of Saints is located in Khuldabad, a town in the Aurangabad district of Maharashtra, India. Several Sufi saints of the Chishti Order chose to reside in Khuldabad in the fourteenth century. The dargah of Muntajib al-Din (Khuldabad), and the tomb of the last great Mughal emperor Aurangzeb are located here. Muntajib al-Din, known best by their epithet Zar Zari Zar Baksh, migrated to this area in the 14th century at the request of their teacher, Nizamuddin Auliya of Delhi.
See also
Sufi Saints of Aurangabad
Khuldabad
Khwaja Zainuddin Shirazi
Sayyid Burhan-ud-din
Ganj Rawan Ganj Baksh
Zar Zari Zar Baksh
References
Aurangabad, Maharashtra
Ziyarat
Tourist attractions in Maharashtra
Indian Sufi saints
Jenseits von Gut und Böse (German: "Beyond good and evil") is the tenth studio album by German rapper Bushido. It was released as Standard, Limited and 3D Deluxe Edition on 13 May 2011 under their record label ersguterjunge.
The album reached Nr. 1 spot in the album charts of Germany, Austria and Switzerland. It sold 26,117 copies in Germany during the first week after the release.
Track listing
Information taken from Jenseits von Gut und Böse booklet:
The Premium edition features two added songs: "Unsterblich" and "Monopol".
The 3D deluxe edition features two added songs: "Das ist Business" and "Gestern war gestern", and contains a second disc, which features all instrumentals.
In addition to that an exclusive and limited Media Markt edition of the album exists with also 20 songs. In contrast to the 3D deluxe edition the songs "Das ist Business" and "Gestern war gestern" are missing. Therefore, this edition has two exclusive songs:
Samples
"Gesucht und gefunden" contains a sample of "Faces" (Ben Gold Vocal Mix) by Andy Moor & Ashley Wallbridge feat. Meighan Nealon
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Bushido (rapper) albums
2011 albums
Albums produced by DJ Premier
Albums produced by Benny Blanco
Albums produced by Swizz Beatz
German-language albums
Albums produced by AraabMuzik
Gary Athans (born 12 June 1961 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Gary Athans comes from a tradition of athletic success: their father George Athans (George Sr.) was an Olympic diver who won medals nationally and at the British Empire Games; their mother was a championship swimmer; their older brother George Athans Jr. is a two-time world water-skiing champion; and another brother, Greg, was a successful freestyle skier. Gary chose alpine skiing and won the Junior World Championships in 1975. They spent eight years on the Canadian national team and later represented their nation at the 1984 Winter Olympics and finished 26th in a field of 61 competitors. They now work in real estate, having retired from active competition in the late 1980s. They also had a career as a water skiing and ski racing instructor in Kelowna, British Columbia, where a local swimming pool is named in their family's honor, and they worked in films as a professional stunt skier. In addition to skiing, they were also a junior British Columbia provincial diving champion during the 1970s. With their family they were made a member of the Central Okanagan Sports Hall of Fame in 2009 and in 2010 they helped carry the Olympic torch as it made its way to Vancouver for the 2010 Winter Games.
They have 4 children. Marcus Athans (2000) and Isaac Athans (2002) who are both following in the family's footsteps. Marcus is a member of the BC Alpine Ski team. Isaac is a Canadian record holder in boys water ski jump and plays football for the Calgary Dinos University of Calgary Team.
External links
References
1961 births
Living people
Canadian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Canada
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Kelowna
Grimsby Pyewipe Road railway station was a temporary terminus serving people involved in building Immingham Dock, Lincolnshire, England.
History
In 1906 Lady Henderson ceremonially cut the first sod to start the Great Central Railway's project to build Immingham Dock on an almost uninhabited, greenfield site on the south bank of the Humber.
The location had no rail access and few of its roads were better than farm tracks, so the Great Central planned three railways to the new dock:
The Humber Commercial Railway, which was, and in 2021 remained, the main railway goods artery to and from the dock
The Grimsby District Light Railway (GDLR), which connected the new dock with the established railways of Grimsby, and
The Barton and Immingham Light Railway whose main purpose would be to transport workers between the dock and Hull.
The GDLR was the first to reach Immingham, being used by contractors to ferry men and materials from and to Grimsby, including guests for the sod cutting. Contractors obtained a rake of ex-Metropolitan Railway coaches to run unadvertised workmen's services to match their shifts, using makeshift platforms.
This arrangement continued until the Great Central decided there was sufficient demand for a passenger service between Grimsby and Immingham Dock and village to justify building two unstaffed halts, each with a single wooden platform, one at the Immingham end of the GDLR, to be known as Immingham Halt, and the other at the Grimsby end, to be known as Grimsby Pyewipe Road. The company would run a service along the line until the planned electric tramway - subsequently to be widely known as the Grimsby and Immingham Electric Railway - opened.
This is exactly what happened. The Great Central's 1904-built steam railcar started to ply between the two termini on 3 January 1910 and continued to do so until 15 May 1912 when the Barton and Immingham had been in business for a year, the Humber Commercial railway was completed and, most importantly for the service along the GDLR, the electric tramway opened, removing the reason for the temporary service.
The Dock was formally opened by The King on Monday 22 July 1912, though some traffic had been handled before then, the first of all being the Great Central steamer Dewsbury which was coaled from the Western Jetty on 17 June 1910; the first to use the dock itself was the Swedish SS Max, also on 15 May 1912.
The GDLR's line through Immingham Halt and Grimsby Pyewipe Road was used for four return special trains on the dock opening day, after which it reverted to its intended goods and internal transfer role, which it retained in 2017, albeit on a much reduced scale.
By 2015 no trace of the station remained.
Former Services
References
Sources
External links
Grimsby Pyewipe Road on an OS map surveyed in 1931 National Library of Scotland
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1910
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1912
Disused railway stations in the Borough of North East Lincolnshire
Eccles Street () is a street in Dublin, Ireland.
History
Eccles Street began on 6 March 1769 when Isaac-Ambrose Eccles leased three parcels of land in the area. The street is named after their family, including their grandfather Sir John Eccles, Lord Mayor of Dublin 1710–11 who owned property on the street.
In James Joyce's novel Ulysses (published 1922, set in 1904), the protagonist Leopold Bloom lives at 7 Eccles Street, and the building was treated as a landmark by Joyce fans. No. 7 was demolished in 1967 by the neighbouring Dominican convent as part of an extension development to their school. The door was saved.
The architect Francis Johnston lived at number 64 Eccles Street.
Architecture
The Mater Hospital purchased the plot of land in 1975, building the Mater Private Hospital on the site which opened in 1986. The site also has a large surface carpark. The new development saw 36 Georgian houses demolished, despite preservation orders and resistance from groups including An Taisce and the Arts Council. The order then began buying up more Georgian properties on the south side of the street. The windows and doors of three listed houses were illegally blocked up and others were left vacant.
The Mater invited an inspection of the three Georgian houses by Dublin Corporation in February 1988, when they were deemed dangerous. As a result, the buildings were ordered to be demolished to first or second floor windowsill level. The houses were occupied by the group Students Against the Destruction of Dublin, and legal proceedings ultimately led to them vacating to allow the demolition to go ahead. The legal case revealed that the Mater Hospital Pools had funded the purchase of 28 of the houses on the south side of the street. By 1988, 2 properties were derelict, 13 were partly or wholly vacant, including 3 already condemned. It emerged that they were aware the roofs had failed in the three condemned buildings as early as 1986, and had done no repair work allowing for the ultimate destruction of the buildings.
See also
List of streets and squares in Dublin
References
Streets in Dublin (city)
1769 establishments in Ireland
Lorenz Becker was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly. They were elected in 1932 as a Democrat. Becker was born on August 10, 1889 in Woodland, Wisconsin.
References
People from Sauk County, Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
1889 births
Year of death missing
The 2012 Central Connecticut Blue Devils football team represented Central Connecticut State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by seventh year head coach Jeff McInerney and played their home games at Arute Field. They are a member of the Northeast Conference. They finished the season 2–8, 2–5 in NEC play to finish in eighth place.
Schedule
Monmouth game on November 3 cancelled due to effects from Hurricane Sandy.
References
Central Connecticut
Central Connecticut Blue Devils football seasons
Central Connecticut Blue Devils football
Sidney Duteil (born Patrick Duteil; in 1955 in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise), better known as Sidney, is a French musician, rapper, DJ, television and radio host, and occasional actor of Guadeloupean origin.  They are well known in France for their connection with the beginnings of the French hip hop scene. They presented a hip hop radio program on Radio 7 from 1982. In 1984, they were the host of the popular weekly French Rap television show entitled H.I.P. H.O.P. This was significant for two reasons: first because Duteil became the first Black man in France to hold such a position, and secondly because the birth and eventual popularity of the weekly show demonstrated the growing admiration and involvement in the French population in hip hop culture.
In 1990, Sidney collaborated with David Guetta in their early career to release "Nation Rap."
References
External links
Biography
1955 births
Living people
People from Argenteuil
French people of Guadeloupean descent
French hip hop musicians
French television presenters
French radio personalities
Vaipoa is one of three villages on the island of Niuatoputapu in Tonga. The population is 172.
The other two villages on Niuatoputapu are Hihifo, which is the main village on the island, and Falehau.
Niuatoputapu was extensively damaged in the 2009 Samoa earthquake and tsunami with a number of fatalities.
The tsunami followed an earthquake of an 8.0 Mw earthquake in the Samoan Islands region at 06:48:11 local time on 29 September 2009 (17:48:11 UTC).
References
Populated places in Niuas
Bradshaw F.C. was an English association football club from the village of Bradshaw Brow, near Bolton in Lancashire.
History
The club was founded in 1878. It was an early member of the Lancashire Football Association, entering the Lancashire Senior Cup for the first time in 1880-81, the second year of the competition's existence, but losing 9-0 to Blackburn Rovers in the first round.
FA Cup
The club entered the FA Cup for the first time in 1883-84, losing in the first round to the newly-founded Bolton Association F.C. The following year the club was unlucky to draw Darwen for their first tie; the Darreners were not the force they had been half-a-decade earlier, but they were still professional, and Bradshaw went down 11-0. Darwen were so dominant that goalkeeper Richmond went up front during the second half and scored two goals.
Bradshaw's third and final FA Cup appearance was the club's most competitive, being drawn against Hurst in the first round. Bradshaw lost 2-1, but protested that the Hurst player Nussey was registered with Astley Bridge, and a regional committee in Liverpool ordered a replay. That replay ended 1-1, and, as Hurst refused to play extra-time, referee Downs awarded the tie to Bradshaw. Unfortunately for the village side, Hurst protested this decision, and the Football Association ordered another replay, this time at a neutral venue. At the third time of asking, in Darwen, Hurst finally beat Bradshaw 3-2, with Bradshaw nearly coming back from 3-0 down at half-time. Both sides played the first half with ten men after a Hurst player missed their train and a Bradshaw player did not turn up; in the second half both sides were up to eleven, Bradshaw pressing a reserve player into service.
Although the club did not enter the competition again, it remained active as a club until at least 1888.
Colours
The club's colours were white and blue.
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in Lancashire
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Nationalisms in Valencia may refer to:
Valencian and/or Catalan nationalism
Spanish nationalism
Joaquín de Jesús Caparrós Camino (born 15 October 1955) is a Spanish football manager.
After winning the Segunda División with Sevilla in 2001, Caparrós was a regular on the La Liga sidelines for the best part of two decades. They coached Sevilla, Deportivo de La Coruña, Athletic Bilbao, Mallorca, Levante, Granada and Osasuna in the top flight.
Football career
Early career
Caparrós was born in Utrera, Province of Seville, Andalusia. After an obscure career as a player, they started coaching in their mid-20s, their first club being amateurs San José Obrero CF. The first professional spell came at local Recreativo de Huelva, which they helped reach Segunda División in the second of their three years.
Caparrós began the 1999–2000 season on Villarreal CF's bench, lasting only seven games; their successor Paquito guided the Valencians to La Liga in third place. They also co-managed the Andalusia autonomous team with José Enrique Díaz for two friendlies in the late 1990s.
Sevilla
On 25 May 2000, Caparrós was unveiled as the new Sevilla FC manager. They ended their four-year top-flight exile in their first season at the Ramón Sánchez Pizjuán Stadium, winning the second division.
With youth products such as Carlos Marchena, José Antonio Reyes and Jesuli – Sergio Ramos soon followed – and the future signings of Júlio Baptista, Adriano, Daniel Alves and Renato, Caparrós set the foundations for future domestic and European success, but was replaced by Juande Ramos before any of the actual conquests.
Deportivo and Athletic
In the summer of 2005, Caparrós moved to Deportivo de La Coruña, being fired after a poor second season. They were appointed at Athletic Bilbao afterwards, beating former club Sevilla in the semi-finals of the 2008–09 edition of the Copa del Rey (4–2 aggregate) and qualifying for the UEFA Europa League as FC Barcelona won the treble.
Caparrós led the Lions to the sixth position in the 2010–11 campaign, once again qualifying for the Europa League. On 7 July 2011, after their contract expired – the club also underwent a chairperson change after an election – they left Athletic Bilbao, being replaced by Argentine Marcelo Bielsa.
Foreign stints and return to La Liga
On 27 July 2011, Caparrós accepted a one-year offer from Swiss Super League team Neuchâtel Xamax FCS, who had sacked François Ciccolini after losing the first two games of the campaign. They resigned after just five matches, following a disagreement with owner Bulat Chagaev. On 3 October, RCD Mallorca vice-president Lorenzo Serra Ferrer announced that the Balearic Islands side had reached an agreement with the manager.
On 4 February 2013, after a promising start of the season, with three home wins and two away draws in the first five rounds, Caparrós was relieved of their duties as Mallorca ranked second-bottom. Their last game in charge was a 3–0 away loss against Real Sociedad.
Caparrós was given a two-year contract extension on 23 May 2014, after finishing their debut campaign with Levante UD in tenth position. However, the following week, they left and joined Granada CF of the same league.
On 16 January 2015, as Granada ranked last in the table and had just been ousted from the domestic cup by Sevilla (6–1 on aggregate), Caparrós was relieved of their duties. They returned to work in early November of the following year, replacing the sacked Enrique Martín at the helm of CA Osasuna but being themselves dismissed on 5 January 2017 after seven losses in as many league games.
On 2 June 2017, Caparrós left Europe for the first time in their career to manage Qatari club Al Ahli SC (Doha). They resigned on 27 December, citing personal reasons.
Sevilla return
Caparrós returned to Sevilla on 28 April 2018 following the dismissal of Vincenzo Montella, being appointed caretaker manager until the end of the season. In May, after the signing of Pablo Machín as their successor, they were named the club's director of football.
On 15 March 2019, Caparrós again took over as caretaker until the end of the season following the dismissal of Machín after only ten months in charge, after Sevilla were knocked out of the Europa League round of 16 by SK Slavia Prague.
Armenia
Caparrós moved into international coaching on 10 March 2020, signing with Armenia until 30 November 2021. On their debut on 5 September, the side lost 2–1 away to North Macedonia in the UEFA Nations League. On 18 November, after a 1–0 win against the same opponent, their team won their group and were promoted.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Sevilla
Segunda División: 2000–01
Individual
Armenian Coach of the Year: 2020, 2021
References
External links
Athletic Bilbao manager profile
1955 births
Living people
People from Utrera
Sportspeople from the Province of Seville
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Andalusia
Association footballers not categorized by position
Real Madrid Castilla footballers
CD Leganés players
UB Conquense footballers
Spanish football managers
La Liga managers
Segunda División managers
Segunda División B managers
Tercera División managers
UB Conquense managers
Recreativo de Huelva managers
Villarreal CF managers
Sevilla FC managers
Deportivo de La Coruña managers
Athletic Bilbao managers
RCD Mallorca managers
Levante UD managers
Granada CF managers
CA Osasuna managers
Swiss Super League managers
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS managers
Qatar Stars League managers
Al Ahli SC (Doha) managers
Armenia national football team managers
Spanish expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Switzerland
Expatriate football managers in Qatar
Expatriate football managers in Armenia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Franz de Paula Augustin Wirer Ritter von Rettenbach (2 April 1771 – 30 March 1844) was an Austrian physician who was a native of Korneuburg in Lower Austria. They were a physician to Austrian royalty, a rector at the University of Vienna and instructor at the Vienna Medical School.
Wirer was an advocate of holistic medicine, and in the early 1820s with Dr. Josef Götz, they developed the first Austrian saline water health spa at Bad Ischl. The two doctors believed in the therapeutic and curative effects of saline, and with Wirer's influence with Austrian royalty and medical community, the spa at Bad Ischl soon gained international acclaim. In the 19th century it became a popular vacation spot for European royalty and high society, particularly members of the Austrian and Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
Notes
References
This article is based on a translation of an article from the German Wikipedia.
The Habsburgs and Bad Ischl
19th-century Austrian physicians
18th-century Austrian physicians
University of Vienna faculty
Austrian knights
1771 births
1844 deaths
Peel Hall is a tram stop for Phase 3b of the Manchester Metrolink. The station opened on 3 November 2014 and is on the Airport Line on Simonsway next to the junction of Peel Hall Road. The station serves the Peel Hall district of Wythenshawe, Manchester.
Services
Trams run every 12 minutes north to Victoria and south to Manchester Airport (every 20 minutes before 6 am).
Ticket zones
In January 2019, Metrolink ticketing was updated to use a zoned system, and Peel Hall was placed in zone 4.
References
External links
Metrolink stop information
Peel Hall area map
Light Rail Transit Association
Airport route map
Tram stops in Manchester
Ó Maol Fábhail, anglicised as Lavelle is an Irish surname. It can also be found as O'Mullawill, or rarely, as Mulfall or Mac Fall.
Lavelle of Connacht
The surname Lavelle is found mainly in Connacht, particularly in County Mayo, where Griffith's Valuation
of 1857 recorded 286 Lavelle households. Many were located on Achill Island. It is found sparsely elsewhere in Ireland.
The Lavelles of Mayo and elsewhere in Connacht are believed by MacLysaght to be descendants of the clan Ó Maol Fábhail, a surname phonetically anglicised as Lavelle.
On page 370 of Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh's Iar Connacht, James Hardiman quotes the manuscript called Crichaireacht cinedach nduchasa Muintiri Murchada, which states that O'Maelampaill of Donaghpatrick is the brehon of O'Flaherty. Hardiman notes concerning this family states:
O'Maelampaill. This name is written Ó Maol Fábhail in Dubhaltach Mac Fhirbhisigh's copy of this tract. The name is still extant, but pronounced O'Mullawill, and sometimes anglicised Lavelle. According to the tradition in the barony of Murrisk, or Iar-Umhall (Umaill) this family is of Danish descent, but this tradition does not appear to be entitled to much credit.
Of Donaghpatrick, Hardiman states:
Donaghpatrick, Domnaig Padraig, i.e., of St. Patrick's church. This is the name of a parish in the north of the barony of Clare. Its original church stands in ruins near the margin of Lough Hackett, which is the Loch Cime of the old Irish writers. (p. 370) The parish of Donaghpatrick is between the towns of Headford and Tuam.
The surname derived from the Gaelic personal name, Maol Fábhail, its form denoting descent from a person named in honour of a Saint Fábhail. Nineteen persons of the name are cited by Nollaig Ó Muraíle (pp. 479–480, volume V Leabhar na nGenealach) but none seem to have been saints. Elsewhere, (pp. 450–451, volume I) they have them as Ui Mhaoil Fhábhaill (or Maoil Ampuill). Based upon a variant manuscript of Crichaireacht cinedach nduchasa Muintiri Murchada, it also cites the family as the brehons or judges of the clan Ó Flaithbheartaigh, c. 1100.
Lavelle of Armagh
The Annals of Inisfallen record that in 1102,
The son of Mac Lochlainn with the Cenél Eógain went into Ulaid, and their camp was attacked when unguarded, and the king of Carraig Brachide, namely, Ua Maíl Fhábaill, and the son of Conrach, son of Eógan, and many others were slain.
Twelve Lavelle households were recorded by the same survey in County Armagh. However, though the forms O'Lawell, O'Lowell and O'Lavell are recorded in the 17th-century Hearth Money Rolls for Armagh, they are believed to be unrelated to the Connacht family (Mac Lysaght p.144, 1996).
Mulfall of Donegal
This is a rare form of the surname Mulfall, the original form of which is also Ó Maol Fábhail, but "is of different and distinct origin, being that of a family who descended from Fergus, grandson of Niall of the Nine Hostages and were chiefs of Carrickbraghy, in the barony of Inishowen. There, however, it has been widely corrupted to MacFael, MacFall and even MacPaul and Paul." They go on to note that this makes it indistinguishable from the family of Mac Fall of Antrim (p. 144, 1996).
The family would thus descend from Fergus Cendfota, son of Conall Gulban. Fergus's grandson, Ainmuire mac Sétnai, was King of Tara at their death in 569 (see Cenél Conaill family tree). The eponym, Maol Fábhail, lived in the mid-9th century, and the surname not come into use till the time of their grandsons or great-grandsons, some one hundred years later (i.e., mid-to-late 10th/early 11th century.  They are identified as Maol Fábhail mac Loingseach in the following note from the Annals of Ulster:
878/81: Maelfabhaill, son of Loingseach, lord of Carraig Brachaighe (or Chairrge Brachaighe), died.
The Annals of Inisfallen, sub anno 1102, record that The son of Mac Lochlainn with the Cenél Eógain went into Ulaid, and their camp was attacked when unguarded, and the king of Carraig Brachide, namely, Ua Maíl Fhábaill, and the son of Conrach, son of Eógan, and many others were slain.
Mac Fall of Antrim
Writing of this family, Mac Lysaght states:
"Mac Fall (MacPhail and MacPhoil) which I think is of Scottish and Clan MacPhail origin. O'Mulfoyle is listed in the 1659 'census' as a principal Irish surname in the barony of Tirkeerran, which is contiguous to Inishown."
Thus it is confused with Mulfall of Donegal (see above). "The most distinguished of the name was Dr. James Augustine MacFaul (1850–1917), Bishop of Trenton, protagonist of Irish Catholic causes in the USA"
Ua Maíl Fhábaill of Muscraige
Still another family of the name was located in Munster:
AI1208.3 Ua Maíl Fhábaill of Muscraige was slain by Mac na Sethar Ua B[...] through enmity.
Meaning of The Name
The Irish meaning of the name Lavelle or O'Maolfhábhail 'descendant of Maolfhábhail', a personal name meaning 'fond of movement or travel'.
The French meaning of the name comes from the common French place name Laval, from Old French val 'valley'. This is also a Huguenot name (with the same etymology), taken to England by Etienne-Abel Laval, a minister of the French church in Castle Street, London, around 1730.French: habitational name from Lavelle in Puy-de-Dôme or various other, smaller places so named
Variations
Variations include Lawell, Melville, Mulville and MacFaul, though these are generally reckoned as separate, unrelated surnames.
Lavelle is found in France and Belgium as a surname but, being derived from a placename, has a different and unrelated origin to the Irish surname. Examples include
Velle-le-Châtel
Velles, Haute-Marne
Velles, Indre
French people bearing the surname include:
Louis Lavelle, philosopher, 1883–1951.
In Spain, it is derived from placenames such as La Vellés.
Other forms
As LaVelle, La Velle, and LaVella, it is found as a forename in the USA.
Bearers of the name
Notable Lavelles include:
Patrick Lavelle, priest and Irish nationalist, 1825–1886
John Daniel Lavelle, United States Air Force general, 1916–1979
John W. Lavelle, Democratic Party representative in New York, 1949–2007
Caroline Lavelle, British singer-songwriter and cellist, born 1969
James Lavelle, DJ, electronic recording artist and record label boss, born 1974
Peter Lavelle, writer and RT broadcaster, born 1961
Rose Lavelle, professional soccer player for United States women's national soccer team and Washington Spirit, born 1995
Gary Lavelle, professional baseball pitcher for San Francisco Giants, Toronto Blue Jays and the Oakland A's born January 3, 1949
See also
Irish name
Maigh Seóla
Connacht
References
Iar Connacht, Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (ed. James Hardiman, published 1846).
The Surnames of Ireland, Edward MacLysaght, Dublin, 1978.
More Irish Families, p. 143–144, Edward MacLysaght, Dublin, 1996.
External links
http://www.irishtimes.com/ancestor/surname/index.cfm?fuseaction=Go.&UserID=
Surnames of Irish origin
Irish-language surnames
is a railway freight terminal in Hōfu, Yamaguchi, Japan, operated by Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight).
Lines
Hōfu Freight Terminal is situated on the Sanyō Main Line between Tonomi and Hōfu stations.
History
The terminal was opened in 1986.
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Stations of Japan Freight Railway Company
Sanyō Main Line
Railway freight terminals in Japan
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1986
Hōfu, Yamaguchi
The 58th Medium Combined Arms Brigade () is a brigade of the People's Liberation Army Ground Force. It is one of the six combined arms brigades of the 83rd Group Army under the Central Theater Command. The 58th was previously a division, being converted to a brigade-sized formation in 1998.
The 58th Division () was created in February 1949 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on the 1st Division, 1st Column of the PLA Huadong Field Army. Its history can be traced to 3rd Guerrilla Contingent of Eastern Fujian Red Army, formed in May 1933.
The division is part of 20th Corps. Under the flag of 58th division it took part in several major battles during the Chinese Civil War.
In November 1950 the division entered Korea as part of the People's Volunteer Army. At this time, the division consisted of the 172nd, 173rd, and 174th Regiments.
The 58th Division attacked the U.S. Marines holding Hagaru-ri during the Battle of Chosin Reservoir. During the battle, Yang Gensi, commander of 3rd Company, 172nd Infantry Regiment, 58th Division, sacrificed themselves when holding a strategic position with one of their platoons, as they threw themselves into a group of more than 40 American soldiers while holding a satchel charge, killing themselves and the American soldiers. Yang was posthumously awarded as "First Class Hero of People's Volunteer Army", and "Hero of Democratic People's Republic of Korea".
During its deployment in Korea, the division inflicted 11952 casualties to opposing UN forces, destroyed or damaged 26 aircraft, destroyed or captured 313 tanks and automobiles and 67 artillery pieces.
In October 1952 the division pulled out from Korea and renamed as the 58th Infantry Division (). The division was then composed of:
172nd Infantry Regiment;
173rd Infantry Regiment;
174th Infantry Regiment;
263rd Tank Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment;
338th Artillery Regiment.
On November 9, 1956, 263rd Tank Self-Propelled Artillery Regiment was detached from the division and renamed as Tank Crew Training Regiment of Jinan Military Region.
In 1960 the division was renamed as the 58th Army Division ().
In 1969 338th Artillery Regiment renamed as Artillery Regiment, 58th Army Division.
In March 1979 the division took part in the Sino-Vietnamese War. During its deployment in Vietnam, it inflicted 629 KIA and 3 POW to the opposing PAVN forces, while suffered 64 killed and 165 wounded.
In October 1985 the division was renamed as the 58th Infantry Division (). Tank Regiment, 20th Army Corps was attached and renamed as Tank Regiment, 58th Infantry Division; Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment was activated from an unknown unit. Since then the division was composed of:
172nd Motorized Infantry Regiment;
173rd Motorized Infantry Regiment;
174th Motorized Infantry Regiment;
Tank Regiment;
Artillery Regiment;
Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment.
The division maintained as a Northern Motorized Infantry Division, Category A from 1985 to 1998.
In 1998 the division was reduced and renamed as the 58th Motorized Infantry Brigade (). The brigade conversion in 1998 was part of the PLA's effort to experiment with a Corps-Brigade-Battalion force structure instead of the traditional Corps-Division-Regiment structure.
In 1999 the brigade was further re-organized as the 58th Mechanized Infantry Brigade (), becoming the first mechanized brigade of the PLA Ground Force.
The brigade is one of the units of the Jinan MR tasked to serve as one of the mobile response elements capable of reinforcing Groups Armies in other Military Regions in case of emergency or war.
In 2017 the brigade was reorganized as the 58th Medium Combined Arms Brigade () and transferred to the 83rd Group Army, following 20th's disbandment.
References
Infantry brigades of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1949
Route nationale 10 (RN 10) is an unpaved, secondary highway in Madagascar of 512 km, running from Andranovory to Ambovombe. It crosses the regions of Atsimo-Andrefana and Androy.
Selected locations on route
West to East:
Andranovory - intersection with RN 7 (Tulear - Fianarantsoa - Antananarivo)
Tameantsoa - Onilahy River crossing
Betioky - Beza Mahafaly Reserve at 35 km north-east
Ambatry
Mahazoarivo - intersection secondary road to Vohitsara and Akazomateila (Mahafaly graves) & Tsimanampetsotse National Park
Ejeda - dirt road to the coast to Itampolo & Linta River crossing
Manakaralahy - Manakaralahy River crossing
Sakoambe
Ampanihy
Tranoroa - Menarandra River crossing
Andamilamy
Beloha
Tsiombe
Ambondro
Ambovombe - intersection with RN 13 (Ihosy - Tôlanaro)
See also
List of Roads in Madagascar
Transport in Madagascar
References
Roads in Atsimo-Andrefana
Roads in Androy
Roads in Madagascar
The 2015 Chinese Taipei Open Grand Prix Gold was the ninth grand prix gold and grand prix tournament of the 2015 BWF Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. The tournament was held in Taipei Arena, Taipei, Taiwan July 14–19, 2015 and had a total purse of $200,000.
Players by nation
Men's singles
Seeds
Chen Long (Champion)
Jan Ø. Jørgensen (Quarter Final)
Srikanth Kidambi (Second Round)
Lin Dan (Semi Final)
Chou Tien-chen (Final)
Wang Zhengming (Third Round)
Son Wan-ho (Second Round)
Tian Houwei (First Round)
Hu Yun (Second Round)
Tommy Sugiarto (Second Round)
Wei Nan (Semi Final)
Dionysius Hayom Rumbaka (Third Round)
Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk (First Round)
Wong Wing Ki (Second Round)
Hsu Jen-hao (Third Round)
Takuma Ueda (First Round)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Women's singles
Seeds
Ratchanok Intanon (Semi Final)
Li Xuerui (Final)
Tai Tzu-ying (Semi Final)
Wang Shixian (Quarter Final)
Sung Ji-hyun (First Round)
Wang Yihan (Champion)
Akane Yamaguchi (Withdrew)
Nozomi Okuhara (Quarter Final)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men's doubles
Seeds
Lee Yong-dae / Yoo Yeon-seong (Semi Final)
Chai Biao / Hong Wei (First Round)
Muhammad Ahsan / Hendra Setiawan (Semi Final)
Hiroyuki Endo / Kenichi Hayakawa (Quarter Final)
Fu Haifeng / Zhang Nan (Champion)
Lee Sheng-mu / Tsai Chia-hsin (First Round)
Ko Sung-hyun / Shin Baek-cheol (Quarter Final)
Kim Ki-jung / Kim Sa-rang (First Round)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women's doubles
Seeds
Misaki Matsutomo / Ayaka Takahashi (Semi Final)
Luo Ying / Luo Yu (Final)
Christinna Pedersen / Kamilla Rytter Juhl (Second Round)
Nitya Krishinda Maheswari / Greysia Polii (Champion)
Reika Kakiiwa / Miyuki Maeda (Withdrew)
Chang Ye-na / Jung Kyung-eun (Quarter Final)
Lee So-hee / Shin Seung-chan (First Round)
Vivian Hoo Kah Mun / Woon Khe Wei (Second Round)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Zhang Nan / Zhao Yunlei (Quarter Final)
Xu Chen / Ma Jin (Second Round)
Liu Cheng / Bao Yixin (Quarter Final)
Joachim Fischer Nielsen / Christinna Pedersen (First Round)
Lu Kai / Huang Yaqiong (Second Round)
Riky Widianto / Richi Puspita Dili (Quarter Final)
Ko Sung-hyun / Kim Ha-na (Champion)
Praveen Jordan / Debby Susanto (Semifinal)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
Chinese Taipei Open
BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix
Chinese Taipei Open Grand Prix Gold
2015 in Taiwanese sport
The Cathedral of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary () also called Varaždin Cathedral It is a Catholic church located in Varaždin, Croatia. The church is from 1997, the cathedral of the Diocese of Varaždin.
Varazdin Cathedral was built in Baroque style between 1642 and 1646 by the Jesuit order. The bell tower was built in 1676, the sacristy was completed in 1726. After the abolition of the Jesuit order in 1773, the church passes to the Paulines. Later, the church was secularized in 1788 and converted into a barn for military purposes. In 1797 they were re-consecrated as a church.
By the Bull "Clarorum sanctorum" of 5 July 1997 the Pope John Paul II created the new diocese of Varaždin that transformed the church into a cathedral.
See also
List of Jesuit sites
Roman Catholicism in Croatia
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Croatia
Buildings and structures in Varaždin
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1646
Cathedral
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Croatia
is a 1987 Japanese film written and directed by Juzo Itami. It won numerous awards, including six major Japanese Academy awards.
The title character of the film, played by Nobuko Miyamoto, is a tax investigator for the Japanese National Tax Agency who employs various techniques to catch tax evaders.
The director reportedly was inspired to make the film after they entered a much higher tax bracket after their success with The Funeral.
A sequel, A Taxing Woman 2, featuring some of the same characters but darker in tone, was released in 1988.
Plot
A female tax auditor, Ryōko Itakura, inspects the accounts of various Japanese companies, uncovering hidden incomes and recovering unpaid taxes.
One day they persuade their boss to let them investigate the owner of a string of love hotels who seems to be avoiding tax, but after an investigation no evidence is found. During the investigation the inspector and the inspected owner, Hideki Gondō, develop an unspoken respect for each other.
 They are promoted to the post of government tax inspector. When the same case reappears they are again allowed to investigate. During a sophisticated series of raids against the hotel owner's interests, they accidentally come across a hidden room containing vital incriminating evidence. On the same day, they help Gondō with their relationship with their teenage son. While they are doing all of this, they are neglecting their own son at home, calling them from their office at night and saying, "You can heat up your own dumplings in the microwave! You are big now! You are five!"
Six months later the two meet again. The man is tired after daily interrogations. They try to persuade them to surrender their last secrets for the sake of their son. After they decline an offer to work with him, they cut their finger and writes the name of the secret bank account in blood on a handkerchief of theirs that they saved from the first time they investigated him.
Cast
Nobuko Miyamoto: Ryōko Itakura
Tsutomu Yamazaki: Hideki Gondō
Masahiko Tsugawa: Hanamura
Yasuo Daichi: Ijūin
Kinzoh Sakura: Kaneko
Hajime Asō: Himeda
Kiriko Shimizu: Kazue Kenmochi
Kazuyo Matsui: Kumi Torikai
Hideo Murota: Jūkichi Ishii
Machiko Watanabe: Nurse
Shōtarō Takeuchi: Rihei Hakamada
Hideji Otaki: Tsuyuguchi
Moeko Ezawa: Gondō's mistress
Mitsuhiko Kiyohisa: Gondō's chauffeur
Akira Shioji: Realtor
Yoshihiro Kato: Yamada
Mariko Okada: Mitsuko Sugiura
Shinsuke Ashida: Ninagawa
Kōichi Ueda: Ninagawa's confidant
Yūsuke Nagumo: Ninagawa's henchman
Shirō Itō: Owner of a game center
Eitaro Ozawa: Tax accountant
Keiju Kobayashi: Boss
Tokuko Sugiyama: Grocery store owner's wife
Video game
An eponymous visual novel video game was published by Capcom for the Family Computer in 1989.
Notes
References
External links
1980s sex comedy films
1987 films
Best Film Kinema Junpo Award winners
Films directed by Jūzō Itami
1980s Japanese-language films
Japanese sex comedy films
Picture of the Year Japan Academy Prize winners
1987 comedy films
1980s Japanese films
Flowerhead was a rock band from Austin, Texas.
Biography
The seeds of Flowerhead were originally planted deep underground by founding members Eric Faust (Lead Vocals, Bass, Guitars) and Buz Zoller (Guitars, Vocals) in 1987. With the addition of Eric Schmitz (Guitars, Vocals) in 1989 and Pete Levine (Drums, Vocals) in 1990, the roots took hold. The unassuming rock band, working in the sweaty club environments of Austin, Texas and nearby cities and states, began its campaign to enter the music world with their independently produced 4-track, cassette only release "Turmoil in the Toybox".
After being "discovered" (buying and listening to Turmoil) by CMJ (College Media Journal) veteran Scott Byron (A&R guru for BMG label Zoo Entertainment), the band was quickly signed following feverish live performances preceding and during Austin's popular South by Southwest Music Festival. A fast paced 1991 resulted in the rapid replacement of local management and legal representation by industry insiders in New York City and Hollywood. Riding on the "Turmoil Tapes", the band embarked on a promotional tour before going into the studio. An East coast stint with British rockers Thee Hypnotics laid a foundation in the "cool club circuit" that made Flowerhead welcome throughout the U.S. and Canada.
Flowerhead produced their debut album at Butch Vig's Smart Studios in Madison, Wisconsin in the Spring of 1992. Working with engineers Brian Anderson, Steve Marker, and Duke Erikson, the band recorded ...Ka-Bloom! within two months. Faust joined Lou Giordano at The Carriage House in Stamford, Connecticut for the mixing sessions, and mastering was at K Disc in Hollywood with Jack Skinner. However, after mastering the tracks, Flowerhead decided that the record was not complete. The addition of "Everything is Beautiful" was produced at Cedar Creek Studios in Austin with engineer Jim Wilson.
The release was followed by constant touring, including jaunts with Ned's Atomic Dustbin, and favorite tour companions Blind Melon.
With the addition of drummer Kyle Thomas (Course of Empire, Reverend Horton Heat), 1994's The People's Fuzz was recorded in Austin (Willie Nelson's Arlyn Studio) with co-producer Robbie Adams (U2). As stated in the liner notes, Danny Levin (Asleep at the Wheel) blessed the record with their fiddle, most notably on "Cows" and the loop in "Arise".
Mixing was done at Chick Corea's Mad Hatter Studios, but changes were needed as before with Ka-Bloom!. Without the presence of Adams, and again with engineer extraordinaire "Supermodel" Jim Wilson, additional tracks were added as well as remixes for many of the songs on the record.
From 1994 - 1995, the Zoo bands felt the impact of BMG's "downsizing" of their "indie" label. Flowerhead continued touring, including a brief time with Cheap Trick, until the summer of 1995 when they decided to go on a hiatus. The band has remained on hiatus, but promises to reform and rock the world when both are ready.
Discography
Albums
...Ka-Bloom! - 1992
The People's Fuzz - 1995
Singles
Snagglepuss - 1992
Acid Reign - 1992
Everything Is Beautiful - 1992
Compilations
Certain Damage (CMJ Presents) - 1992
The Alternative Way - Everything Is Beautiful (Ariola Benelux) - 1993
Independent releases
Guitar and Beer Can - 1989
Turmoil in the Toybox - 1990
Music videos
Snagglepuss - 1992
References
https://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res=9F0CE6DE123CF936A15752C0A965958260
External links
Snagglepuss Video
Psychedelic Music
Snagglepuss on YouTube
Musical groups from Austin, Texas
Musical groups established in 1987
1987 establishments in Texas
Events from the year 1659 in England.
Incumbents
Lord Protector – Richard Cromwell (until 25 May)
Parliament – Third Protectorate (until 27 January, until 22 April), Protectorate Rump (starting 7 May, until 13 October), Second Commonwealth Rump (starting 26 December)
Events
16 February – the first known cheque (400 pounds) is written.
22 April – Lord Protector Richard Cromwell is forced by the 'Wallingford House party' (grandees of the New Model Army) to disband the Parliament of England.
25 April – Great fire in Southwold, Suffolk.
7 May – Rump Parliament reassembles at the invitation of the Council of Officers and appoints a Committee of Safety to form the executive until a new Council of State is appointed on 19 May.
22 May – Treaty of The Hague signed by France, Netherlands and England.
25 May – Richard Cromwell resigns as Lord Protector.
12 October – Rump Parliament dismisses General-major John Lambert and other generals.
13 October – Lambert excludes the Rump Parliament from the Palace of Westminster.
26 December – Long Parliament reforms at Westminster.
Births
1 January – Humphrey Hody, theologian and archdeacon (died 1707)
26 March – William Wollaston, philosophical writer (died 1724)
20 August – Henry Every, pirate
Deaths
26 July – Mary Frith, cutpurse (born c.1584)
20 September – Thomas Morton, deposed bishop (born 1564)
31 October – John Bradshaw, judge (born 1602)
References
Years of the 17th century in England
Marie Leopoldine of Anhalt-Dessau (18 November 1746, Dessau – 15 April 1769, Detmold) was a princess of Anhalt-Dessau by birth and by marriage Countess of Lippe-Detmold.
Life
Leopoldine Marie was a daughter of Prince Leopold II of Anhalt-Dessau (1700–1751) from their marriage to Gisela Agnes (1722–1751), daughter of Prince Leopold of Anhalt-Köthen. They had a particularly close relationship with their sisters Agnes and Casimire, with whom they mostly lived together, even after their marriage, and with whom they conducted an extensive correspondence when they were not together.
At age 18, on 28 September 1765 in Dessau, they married Count Simon August (1727–1782) of Lippe-Detmold, who was twice as old as they are. In their letters to their sisters, they complained about being homesick, so their sisters decided to follow them to Detmold. They personally oversaw the modernizing of the princely residence Detmold Castle and the Court at Lemgo.
They died on 15 April 1769, only four years after their marriage. Later that year, Simon August married their sister Casimire.
Issue
From their marriage with Simon August, Marie Leopoldine had one son:
Leopold I (1767–1802), Prince of Lippe-Detmold, married in 1796 princess Pauline Christine of Anhalt-Bernburg (1769–1820)
References and sources
Eva Labouvie: Schwestern und Freundinnen: zur Kulturgeschichte weiblicher Kommunikation, Böhlau Verlag, Cologne / Weimar, 2009, p. 321 ff
1746 births
1769 deaths
Countesses of Lippe-Detmold
Princesses of Anhalt-Dessau
18th-century German people
Sikasso Region (Bambara: ߛߌߞߊߛߏ ߘߌߣߋߖߊ tr. Sikaso Dineja) is the southernmost region of Mali. The region's capital city, Sikasso, is the country's second-largest city. Major ethnic groups include the Senoufo, known for masks and reverence for animals, the Samago, known for being Mali's best farmers, and the main ethnic group in Mali, the Bambara people.
Administrative divisions
Sikasso Region is divided into seven cercles:
The city of Sikasso is known for a vibrant outdoor market which features fabrics, numerous vegetables and fruits (especially mangoes, for which Sikasso is particularly renowned.) Sikasso is an ethnic and linguistic melting pot featuring people from outlying villages, immigrants from Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso and refugees.
The southwest corner of the Sikasso region is traditionally known as Wassoulou. This area is known for its unique music and strong tradition of hunting. The main city of Wassoulou is Yanfolila.
Besides the regional capital, the other urban communes and major cities in Sikasso Region are Bougouni, a junction town en route to Bamako (the capital of Mali), and Koutiala in the northern part of Sikasso Region, which is the hub of Mali's highly productive cotton industry, which produces one of the country's few exports.
Communities
Mandela
See also
Regions of Mali
Cercles of Mali
References
External links
.
.
Regions of Mali
Jimmy Nirlo (born 23 August 1988) is a French professional footballer who plays for Villefranche as a midfielder.
Club career
On 27 May 2021, they signed with Villefranche.
References
External links
Jimmy Nirlo at foot-national.com
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ain
People from Oyonnax
French footballers
Association football midfielders
Jura Sud Foot players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
Veria F.C. players
Pacy Ménilles RC players
US Créteil-Lusitanos players
Football Bourg-en-Bresse Péronnas 01 players
Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie Football players
FC Villefranche Beaujolais players
Championnat National players
Ligue 2 players
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
The Bangladeshi decimal fifty-poysha coin () was first minted in 1973. It is a small denomination of Bangladeshi monetary unit which is the taka. It equals one half of a taka.
References
Currencies of Bangladesh
Sergei Nikolayevich Nikolayev (; born 24 September 1978) is a former Russian football player.
References
1978 births
Living people
Russian footballers
FC Torpedo NN Nizhny Novgorod players
FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod players
Russian Premier League players
Association football forwards
The golden-eared tanager (Tangara chrysotis) is a species of bird in the tanager family Thraupidae. It is found in the eastern Andes of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The golden-eared tanager was first described as Calliste chrysotis by Bernard du Bus de Gisignies in 1846, on the basis of a specimen collected from Peru. The generic name Tangara comes from the Tupí word tangara, which means dancer. The specific name chrysotis is from the Ancient Greek χρυσος (khrusos), meaning golden, and ωτις (otis), meaning eared. Golden-eared tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists' Union (IOC). Other names for the species include golden eared tanager.
The golden-eared tanager is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara. Within the genus, it is put in a species group with the blue-whiskered tanager, green-and-gold tanager, emerald tanager, golden tanager, silver-throated tanager, saffron-crowned tanager, and flame-faced tanager. The golden-eared tanager is sister to a clade formed by the rest of the species in this group. This placement has been supported by DNA evidence. It has no subspecies.
References
golden-eared tanager
Birds of the Northern Andes
golden-eared tanager
golden-eared tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Rural Municipality of Caledonia No. 99 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and Division No. 2. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Caledonia No. 99 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Heritage properties
There is one historical building located within the RM.
Bethesda Lutheran Church - Constructed in 1912, and located within Bethesda. The church operated from 1912 until 1973.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Milestone
The following unincorporated communities are located within the RM.
Organized hamlets
Parry
Localities
Dummer
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Caledonia No. 99 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Caledonia No. 99 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Caledonia No. 99 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the first Tuesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Mark Beck while its administrator is Stephen Schury. The RM's office is located in Milestone.
References
C
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Bezden Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 2975 m in the Bangey Heights of north-central Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica. It is surmounting Patleyna Glacier to the north and Ellen Glacier to the south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Bezden in Western Bulgaria.
Location
Bezden Peak is located at , which is 4.26 km east-northeast of Mount Todd, 9.9 km southeast of Mount Goldthwait, 3.23 km south of Golemani Peak and 5.6 km north-northwest of Voysil Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
References
Bezden Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
Notes
External links
Bezden Peak. Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Matthias Zimmerling (born 6 September 1967) is a German former football manager and former player who manages Innsbrucker AC.
Playing career
Zimmerling, who played as a striker, began their career in the late 1980s, playing for Lokomotive and Chemie Leipzig in the DDR-Oberliga. They represented East Germany at youth level, and was part of the squad that finished third at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship.
After Fall of the Berlin Wall, Zimmerling moved west, joining Hannover 96 during the 1989-90 season. However, they failed to establish themselves in the first team, and returned to Leipzig, briefly rejoining FC Chemie (now renamed FC Sachsen). They played out the 1990s with a succession of clubs in the former DDR, playing for FC Berlin, Union Berlin (two spells), Energie Cottbus (two spells), Carl Zeiss Jena, Sachsen Leipzig for a third time, and VfL Halle 96. While at Cottbus they played in the 1997 DFB-Pokal Final. Later in their career they moved to Austria, playing for Austria Klagenfurt followed by spells at a number of smaller local clubs.
Coaching career
After retirement, Zimmerling stayed in Klagenfurt, managing SAK Klagenfurt. They returned to German football in April 2009, when they were appointed manager of FSV Zwickau.
External links
Career stats
Matthias Zimmerling on immerunioner.de
1967 births
Living people
German footballers
East German footballers
Association football forwards
1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig players
FC Sachsen Leipzig players
Hannover 96 players
Berliner FC Dynamo players
1. FC Union Berlin players
FC Energie Cottbus players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
FC Kärnten players
VfL Halle 1896 players
2. Bundesliga players
DDR-Oberliga players
German football managers
FSV Zwickau managers
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
The Chagrin Valley Times is a Northeast Ohio weekly newspaper covering the eastern suburbs of Cleveland in Cuyahoga and Geauga counties. The newspaper is published every Thursday and was founded in 1971. It is produced in the village of Chagrin Falls, Ohio.
Politics
On August 16, 2018, the Chagrin Valley Times was part of a campaign launched by the Boston Globe in which 350 newspapers addressed the repeated attacks on American news media by Donald Trump. CNN Money named the Chagrin Valley Times as one of the "16 must-read editorials" of the campaign.
Legal
In 2013, Murray Energy Company sued The Chagrin Valley Times for defamation of Robert Murray after the paper ran an article covering a protest at the company's Pepper Pike offices. The protest took place as a result of Murray firing 158 employees the day after President Barack Obama was re-elected in the 2012 Election. In addition to negative coverage of Murray, Ron Hill, cartoonist for The Chagrin Valley Times, published a cartoon of a snowman made out of lumps of coal, holding a sack of money in each of their hands. Hill included lyrics to "Frosty the Snowman", with a parody on the words that read "Murray the coal-man meant to hoard away their pay."
The lower court ruled that Robert Murray was a public figure and that the newspaper had not demonstrated the standard for defamation of a public figure. In 2019, an appeal was filed with the Ohio Supreme Court, which voted 4-3, allowing the lower court ruling to stand.
References
External links
ChagrinValleyToday.com
Newspapers published in Ohio
Newspapers established in 1971
1971 establishments in Ohio
Greater Cleveland
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
Georgia State Route 26 Loop could refer to:
Georgia State Route 26 Loop (Savannah): A former loop route that existed in Savannah that became Georgia State Route 21
Georgia State Route 26 Loop (Savannah Beach): A former loop route that existed in Savannah Beach, the former name of Tybee Island, that became Georgia State Route 26E
Georgia State Route 26 Loop (Whitemarsh Island–Wilmington Island): A former loop route in Whitemarsh Island and Wilmington Island that became Georgia State Route 367
026 Loop
In electrical engineering and computer science, analog image processing is any image processing task conducted on two-dimensional analog signals by analog means (as opposed to digital image processing).
Basically any data can be represented in two types named as
1.Analog
2.Digital
if the pictorial representation of the data represented in analog wave formats that can be named as analog image.
E.g.:
television broadcasting in older days.. through the dish antenna systems..
Where as the digital representation or storing the data in digital form is termed as a digital image processing
E.g.:image data stored in digital logic gates..
References
Image processing
Noah W. Sawyer (December 2, 1877 – January 24, 1957) was an American educator and politician.
Sawyer was born on a farm in Iowa and attended Iowa public schools and college. In 1912, Sawyer moved to a farm with their wife and family near Hackensack, Cass County, Minnesota. They lived in Walker, Minnesota with their wife and family, was the Cass County Superintendent of Schools and taught school. Sawyer served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1939 to 1945.
References
1877 births
1957 deaths
People from Iowa
People from Walker, Minnesota
Farmers from Minnesota
Schoolteachers from Minnesota
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Impfondo Airport is an airport serving the city of Impfondo, Republic of the Congo.
The runway has an additional of paved overrun on each end. East approach and departure will cross the Ubangi River, which is the international border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Airlines and destinations
See also
List of airports in the Republic of the Congo
Transport in the Republic of the Congo
References
External links
OpenStreetMaps - Impfondo
OurAirports - Impfondo
Airports in the Republic of the Congo
WBWZ (93.3 MHz "Z93") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to New Paltz, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley of New York state. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. Its effective radiated power (ERP) is 330 watts, broadcasting from a transmitter near Illinois Mountain in Marlborough, New York, on a tower shared with longtime sister station 107.3 WRWD-FM.
Z93 calls itself "Today's Classic Rock". It primarily plays harder-edged classic rock titles with some active rock songs from the 1990s and 2000s that are not usually heard on Classic Rock stations. Its main competition is 101.5 WPDH in Poughkeepsie, which also leans to classic rock but not as hard-edged.
History
WBWZ's construction permit was awarded by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in 1991 to Betty Walker, the mother of then-WRWD owner William H. ("Bud") Walker. They also owned a local apple orchard. Prior to sign-on, the younger Walker signed an agreement to operate WBWZ with WRWD from the company's studios in Highland. After testing for the first part of December 1992, WBWZ formally signed on the air on December 20, 1992. At first, it carried ABC's "Z Rock" satellite-delivered hard rock format. The station called itself "Z-Rock 93.3." With limited outside promotion and no rock station targeting younger audiences, WBWZ entered the Top 10 of the Poughkeepsie ratings in its first two books.
While WBWZ had a loyal audience and good numbers, the Walkers found it hard to sell WBWZ to advertisers, alongside the country music format of WRWD. Coupled with the decline of hard rock and the rise of alternative rock, the Walkers decided Z-Rock 93.3 needed to change its format. In February 1995 the station flipped to a satellite-fed 1970s music format as "Z-93." The station had an initial surge of listeners. But then the ratings began to fall again.
Shortly after the format change, Bud Walker bought the license of WBWZ after the loosening of FCC regulations, permitting one company to own more than one FM station in a region. In early 1996, Walker decided to leave radio to pursue a career in politics. They sold WBWZ, WRWD, and WWLE to Hudson Valley Radio Partners, a short-term holding company. In November 1996, with the ownership change, WBWZ's format switched to a locally-run Hot Adult Contemporary format while keeping the Z-93 name. Within a month, the station hired morning host Mark Bolger, who had recently exited Top 40 station 104.7 WSPK. Their newscaster/co-host Dawn Spicer was also hired. However, their non-compete clauses with WSPK barred them from the air until mid-1997. Shortly after taking the air, Hudson Valley Radio Partners was sold to California-based Roberts Radio.
Bolger's presence proved to be key for the station as WBWZ soon saw an increase in the ratings (at its peak being behind only 104.7 WSPK and 101.5 WPDH, both more powerful stations). WBWZ also became #1 in morning drive time. WBWZ added more market veterans and targeted former WSPK listeners.
In 2000, Roberts Radio was bought by Clear Channel Communications with Clear Channel taking control that November. Though WBWZ was aided by the elimination of rival 96.1 WCTJ (now WPKF), its ratings soon began to slip to levels not seen since prior to the Hot AC format. After the decline stretched several years, the station's operations were taken over by WPKF program director Jimi Jamm (Jim Collins). On June 30, 2003, Z-93 was replaced by the more CHR-leaning "Star 93.3." Bolger remained in mornings, while Dawn Spicer left for WGY in Schenectady in April 2005. In December 2010, Clear Channel replaced Bolger with WPKF Program Director Chris Marino.
In 2011, as an economy move, Clear Channel switched many of its Hudson Valley stations to national Premium Choice formats, eliminating local DJs and locally programmed music.
On March 14, 2012, at 4 pm, WBWZ changed its format to classic rock, branded as "Rock 93.3."
On July 11, 2012, Gary Cee, formerly of 101.5 WPDH, became the first local DJ on Rock 93.3, hosting middays 10 a.m to 3 p.m.
On October 3, 2016, WBWZ rebranded as "Z93".
Previous logo
References
External links
Z93 website
Mass media in Ulster County, New York
Radio stations established in 1991
BWZ
1991 establishments in New York (state)
IHeartMedia radio stations
Kenny Willekes (born July 22, 1997) is an American football defensive end for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Michigan State.
Early years
Willekes attended NorthPointe Christian High School in Grand Rapids, Michigan. They played linebacker and running back in high school. They had 423 tackles during their high school football career.
College career
Willekes joined Michigan State University as a walk-on in 2015. They redshirted their first year and played in one game in 2016. In 2017, Willekes became a starter, starting 12 of 13 games. They finished the season with 72 tackles and seven sacks. In 2018, they were named the Big Ten Conference Smith-Brown Defensive Lineman of the Year after recording 78 tackles and 8.5 sacks. Willekes returned to Michigan State their senior year in 2019 rather than enter the 2019 NFL Draft. During the season they broke Julian Peterson's school record for career tackles for loss. They were named the 2019 recipient of the Burlsworth Trophy on December 9, 2019, in Springdale, Arkansas, during a reception hosted by the Brandon Burlsworth Foundation in conjunction with the Springdale Rotary Club at the Springdale Convention Center.
Professional career
Willekes was selected by the Minnesota Vikings with the 225th pick in the seventh round of the 2020 NFL Draft. They were placed on injured reserve on September 2, 2020.
On August 31, 2021, Willekes was waived by the Vikings and re-signed to the practice squad the next day. They were promoted to the active roster on January 8, 2022.
On June 2, 2022, Willekes was waived/injured by the Vikings and placed on injured reserve.
References
External links
Minnesota Vikings bio
Michigan State Spartans bio
1997 births
Living people
People from Rockford, Michigan
Players of American football from Michigan
American football defensive ends
Michigan State Spartans football players
Minnesota Vikings players
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois with a population of 52,974 at the 2020 census. Its county seat is Murphysboro, and its most populous city is Carbondale, home to the main campus of Southern Illinois University. The county was incorporated on January 10, 1816, and named for Andrew Jackson. The community of Brownsville served as the fledgling county's first seat.
Jackson County is included in the Carbondale-Marion, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".
History
Human occupation of Jackson County began about 11,500 years ago. Extensive documentation of the area's indigenous peoples is ongoing. Exploration from the European explorers began with the Joliet-Marquette exploration along the Mississippi River. It was not until the 18th and 19th century when pioneer farmers began to settle in the area's inexpensive land along the Mississippi River and in the forested Shawnee hills with its one-hundred-foot trees.
As early as 1810 William Boone and their indentured servant Peter mined coal from the banks along Big Muddy River. This was Illinois' first coal mine. By 1813, Conrad Will, namesake of Will County, conducted a large salt extraction operation using slave labor on the banks of the Big Muddy River, south of today's Murphysboro. As this was in the "free" Northwest Territory, Will had to have a legal exemption to own slaves.
Jackson County, Illinois' ninth county to be organized, was organized in 1816, having been carved out of Randolph County, Illinois on the north and Johnson County, Illinois on the South. It was named for Andrew Jackson, who had just defeated the British Army at the Battle of New Orleans. Brownsville, located near Will's salt works, was established as the county seat. When the courthouse burned in 1843, the county voted to move the county seat to a more central location. Murphysboro, located on land owned by Dr. John and Elizabeth (Jenkins) Logan, became the second county seat in September 1843. It was named after William C. Murphy, one of the three Commissioners appointed to select the site.
Civil War Major General John A. Logan, Dr. John and Elizabeth Logan's son, was born in what is now Murphysboro on February 9, 1826. During the Civil War they moved to Carbondale, about 10 miles (16 km) east of their birthplace. They moved to Chicago in 1871. During their residence in Carbondale, they took part in a Memorial Day observation at that city's Woodlawn Cemetery. In 1868, Logan, as Commander of the Grand Army of the Republic, issued General Order No. 11 which established Memorial Day as a national holiday.
On 18 March 1925, the great Tri-State Tornado ripped through Jackson County, leaving devastation in its path. The villages of Gorham and De Soto and the city of Murphysboro were hit especially hard.
The county courthouse is in downtown Murphysboro. The current reinforced concrete courthouse, completed in 1928, replaced earlier brick structures.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.0%) is water. The average elevation is around , except near the Mississippi River.
The first coal mine in Illinois was opened on the south bank of the Big Muddy River near the present-day Route 127 Bridge.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Murphysboro have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in August 1930. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 3
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 127
Illinois Route 149
Illinois Route 151
Adjacent counties
Perry County (north)
Franklin County (northeast)
Williamson County (east)
Union County (south)
Cape Girardeau County, Missouri (southwest)
Perry County, Missouri (west)
Randolph County (northwest)
Protected areas
Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Shawnee National Forest (part)
Giant City State Park
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 60,218 people, 25,538 households, and 12,621 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 28,578 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 77.8% white, 14.3% black or African American, 3.2% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.6% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 26.0% were German, 14.5% were Irish, 10.6% were English, and 5.7% were American.
Of the 25,538 households, 23.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.5% were married couples living together, 10.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 50.6% were non-families, and 35.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.87. The median age was 29.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,169 and the median income for a family was $50,787. Males had a median income of $42,747 versus $31,244 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,294. About 17.4% of families and 28.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.1% of those under age 18 and 7.9% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Much of the county's economic situation is dependent upon Southern Illinois University Carbondale and the city of Carbondale. A rapidly developing city, it is part of the Metro Lakeland area consisting mainly of the major communities of Carbondale, Marion, Herrin, and Carterville. The outer regions of the Metro include Murphysboro, the rest of Jackson County, the rest of Williamson County, Perry County, and Saline County. Jackson County is also located near the Shawnee Hills Wine Trail.
Communities
Cities
Ava
Carbondale (partly in Williamson County)
Grand Tower
Murphysboro
Villages
Campbell Hill
De Soto
Dowell
Elkville
Gorham
Makanda
Vergennes
Census-designated place
Harrison
Unincorporated communities
Boskydell
Cora
Crain
Degognia
Dry Hill
Etherton
Glenn
Grimsby
Hallidayboro
Howardton
Jacob
Jones Ridge
Mount Carbon
Neunert
Oraville
Pomona
Raddle
Reeds Station
Sand Ridge
Sato
West Point
Ghost town
Brownsville
Townships
Bradley
Carbondale
DeSoto
Degognia
Elk
Fountain Bluff
Grand Tower
Kinkaid
Levan
Makanda
Murphysboro
Ora
Pomona
Sand Ridge
Somerset
Vergennes
Politics
Jackson County has had a distinctive political history owing to the combination of its typically “Southern” Southern Illinois culture with the presence in recent times of a strong student voter population in Carbondale. In its early years Jackson County was solidly Democratic; no Republican presidential candidate won the county until 1888. In the following seven decades Jackson County turned solidly Republican, but incumbent Ronald Reagan was the last Republican to carry Jackson County.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jackson County, Illinois
Notes
References
External links
Jackson County official website
Illinois counties
1816 establishments in Illinois Territory
Populated places established in 1816
Jackson County, Illinois
Jackson County, Illinois
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Tumidotheres maculatus is a species of crab that lives commensally or parasitically in the mantle cavity of molluscs. It is found along much of the western Atlantic Ocean and was first described by Thomas Say in 1818.
Distribution
Tumidotheres maculatus has a wide range in the western Atlantic Ocean, extending from the seas of Martha's Vineyard (United States) to San Matías Gulf (Argentina).
Description
There is conspicuous sexual dimorphism in T. maculatus which corresponds with the differing ecology of the two sexes. Males are typically less than in carapace width, and are able to leave the host. Females grow up to wide, and, having reached adulthood, spend their entire lives in the host.
Ecology
Tumidotheres maculatus is an endosymbiont of molluscs; it is unclear whether the host is harmed by the crabs presence, that is whether the relationship is commensal or parasitic. It is associated with a wide range of mollusc hosts, most of which are bivalves. They include Argopecten irradians, Atrina rigida, Modiolus americanus, Mytilus edulis and Flexopecten felipponei. It has also been found in a tunicate of the genus Molgula, in the tubes of the tubeworm Chaetopterus variopedatus and on the asteroid (starfish) Asterias rubens.
In molluscan hosts, T. maculatus uses its legs to cling to the gills of its host, and feeds on strands of food aggregated by the host. Reported rates of infestation of T. maculatus on mollusc hosts vary widely, from 0%–20% on Argopecten irradians at St. Joseph Bay, Florida, to 97.6% on Mytilus edulis at Quicks Hole, Massachusetts.
Taxonomy
Tumidotheres maculatus was first described by Thomas Say in 1818, under the name Pinnotheres maculatus. It was transferred to the new genus Tumidotheres, alongside T. margarita by Ernesto Campos in 1989. It may be the species referred to by Carl Linnaeus as Cancer parasiticus in their 1763 work Centuria Insectorum, and the one they called Cancer pinnophylax in the 1767 12th edition of Systema Naturae.
References
External links
Pinnotheroidea
Crustaceans of the Atlantic Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1818
Taxa named by Thomas Say
Huna (Hawaiian for "secret") is the word adopted by Max Freedom Long (1890–1971) in 1936 to describe their theory of metaphysics. Long cited what they believed to be the spiritual practices of the ancient Hawaiian kahunas (priests) as inspiration; however, contemporary scholars consider the system to be their invention designed through a mixture of a variety of spiritual practices from various cultures, with roots in New Thought and Theosophy, rather than in traditional Hawaiian beliefs. Huna is part of a New Age [non-Hawaiian] movement.
History
Max Freedom Long, who was not Hawaiian, went to Hawaii in 1917 to work as an elementary school teacher. They became interested in the religious beliefs and practices of the ancient kahunas and modern practitioners of traditional, indigenous Hawaiian religion, but none of the ceremonial people talked to them so they were unable to penetrate to the inner workings of this religion. They left Hawaii in 1931, convinced that they would never learn these secrets. In 1934, they woke with a revelation that the secrets were encoded into the Hawaiian language itself. They called the religious system they developed from this revelation 'Huna' (the Hawaiian word for secret), and wrote their first book in 1936 to chronicle their beliefs. There are no accepted Hawaiian sources that refer to the word 'Huna' as a tradition of esoteric learning.
In 1945 Long founded Huna Research. In 1953, they published The Secret Science at Work as a Huna textbook, and in 1965 The Huna Codes in Religions, examining parallels between their invented system and religions such as Hinduism, Buddhism and Christianity.
Principles and beliefs
The New Age practice of Huna emphasizes practical living and harmony with three levels of consciousness or selves. Long claimed that a low, middle, and higher self were recognized by the ancient kahunas. Long called these selves the unihipili (subconscious, inner, emotional, intuitive), uhane (waking consciousness, rational) and aumakua (super-conscious, connection with the divine), however these are not the Hawaiian meanings of these words. Long also redefined the Hawaiian concept of mana, (privileged as a divine power in traditional Hawaiian belief), and presented it instead as a vitalizing life force, which can, with knowledge of the three selves, be used in a manner of "personal empowerment" to heal body and mind and achieve life goals.
Long believed they had discovered an ancient Truth, not just about Hawaiian spirituality but linking back to India and ancient Egypt. They believed Hawaiians were a lost tribe of Berbers. They wrote that spiritual adepts migrated to Hawai‘i from Egypt, passing on to the priests of India some of their basic beliefs.
Long linked Huna to Theosophy and New Thought movements of the time. They wrote that the Christian Scientists understood positive thinking better than any group they knew, and encouraged their readers to subscribe to Unity Church's magazine, Daily Word. Later Huna teachers have placed it firmly in the New Age, with Serge King claiming that Huna came originally from aliens from the Pleiades who were remnants of the mythical advanced civilizations of Mu or Lemuria, and Pila Chiles associating the islands with the New Age versions/interpretations of chakras, vortexes and ley lines.
According to critics, Serge King misappropriated and attempted to redefine three Hawaiian language words for their idea of "the three selves": "Ku," "Lono," and "Kane." However, the meanings they give these words are not the meanings of the words in Hawaiian. King wrote that the seven principles of Huna are:
IKE (ee-kay) – The world is what you think it is.
KALA – There are no limits.
MAKIA (mah-kee-ah) – Energy flows where attention goes.
MANAWA (man-ah-wah) – Now is the moment of power.
ALOHA – To love is to be happy with (someone or something).
MANA – All power comes from within.
PONO – Effectiveness is the measure of truth.
Native speakers, scholars and dictionaries concur that the meanings King gives for these words do not reflect their usage in the Hawaiian language, nor any traditional Hawaiian beliefs. King also calls what they do "shamanism" and cites "West African shamanism" as an influence.
Reaction
Max Freedom Long wrote that they obtained many of their case studies and their ideas about what to look for in kahuna magic from the Director of the Bishop Museum in Honolulu, William Brigham. According to an article in the peer-reviewed Hawaiian Journal of History, there is no credible evidence that the two men met. Even if they did, Brigham was not an expert on kahunas and did not document in their own writings any of the incidents Long ascribed to him, including walking on hot lava. In their letters and manuscripts, Brigham stated that Hawaiians were "an inferior race," and implied they were lazy. They referred to Queen Lili'uokalani as a "she devils," "squaw," and "nigger."
Native Hawaiian scholar Charles Kenn, recognized in the Hawaiian community as a kahuna and expert in Hawaiian history and traditions, was friendly with Max Freedom Long but said, "While this Huna study is an interesting study, … it is not, and never was Hawaiian."
Pali Jae Lee, a research librarian at the Bishop Museum, and author of the classic book, Tales From the Night Rainbow, conducted extensive research on Max Freedom Long and Huna. They concluded, based on their interviews with Hawaiian elders, "Huna is not Hawaiian." Lee cites Theodore Kelsey, a Living Treasure of Hawai'i renowned for their work as a Hawaiian translator who wrote a letter to Long in 1936 (now in the Hawai'i State Archives) criticizing their use of the terms "unihipili" and "aumakua."
Author Nancy Kahalewai, a teacher of lomilomi massage, wrote that "traditional lomilomi practitioners do not teach this philosophy. In fact, most insist that it is not from the native Hawaiian culture at all."
Wells College Professor Lisa Kahaleole Hall, Ph.D., a Native Hawaiian, wrote in a peer-reviewed journal published by the University of Hawai'i that Huna "bears absolutely no resemblance to any Hawaiian worldview or spiritual practice" and calls it part of the "New Age spiritual industry."
Mikael Rothstein, an associate professor of religious history at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, is the author of several books on religious history and new religious movements. They wrote about Huna in a peer-reviewed anthology:
Rather than integrating Hawaiian religion, however, New Agers seem to carry out a radical reinterpretation of this tradition, or simply invent traditions that were never Hawaiian. ... New Age representations redefine Hawaiian concepts in order to align them to basic New Age trends.
Rothstein also gathered opinions and analysis of Huna by native Hawaiians:
According to leading figures on the native-political scene in Hawaii, this kind of New Age representation amounts to straightforward exploitation. People often feel that non-Hawaiians are violating native intellectual property rights and that the out-of-context use of Hawaii's religious legacy cripples the values that are imbedded in concepts such as kahuna, hula, Lomi Lomi, etc. The very idea that anyone could join a workshop and develop kahuna skills within a few weeks, for instance, is considered ridiculous as the traditional kahuna's knowledge depends on a way of life rather than learning. ... By importing Hawaiian ethnicity and revivifying what is perceived to be Hawaii's religious legacy, New Agers from Europe and the United States...do not need the Hawaiians themselves. They need a myth about them, and so they create it...
Chai writes that Huna books are "examples of cultural appropriation."
According to the standard Pukui and Elbert Hawaiian dictionary, 'unihipili are the spirits of deceased persons, 'uhane is a soul, spirit or ghost, and 'aumakua are family or personal gods, deified ancestors who might assume the shape of animals. Kū, Lono and Kāne are Hawaiian gods.
In the Hawaiian language, the term kahuna is used for any expert. Kahuna include experts in diagnosing illness, herbal medicine, canoe building, temple building, wood carving, star-gazing, agriculture, and others.
Organizations
Huna Research Inc was founded by Long in 1945. On their death in 1971, they were succeeded as its head by Dr. E Otha Wingo (in accordance with a request by Long), and moved its headquarters to Missouri, where Wingo was a professor. It has fellowships in Canada, Australia, England, Germany and Switzerland, in addition to the United States.
Huna International was formed as a religious order in 1973 by King. It has three branches: Aloha International, Voices of the Earth and Finding Each Other International.
See also
Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
Divine Science
Ho'oponopono
Marlo Morgan
Plastic shaman
Religious Science
Seicho-No-Ie
Notes
References
Republished as
Further reading
New Age
Spirituality
Religious organizations established in the 1930s
New Age practices
Spiritual practice
Cultural appropriation
Religious belief systems founded in the United States
The green-capped tanager (Stilpnia meyerdeschauenseei) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is endemic to forest edge and gardens at altitudes of 1450–2200 m. in Puno, Peru, and La Paz, Bolivia. It is fairly common and possibly spreading, but its small population has led to it being evaluated as Near Threatened by BirdLife International and IUCN. It closely resembles the widespread burnished-buff tanager (S. cayana), but its mantle is bluer (male) or greener (female), and its crown is greenish-buff. Its specific name commemorates the ornithologist Rodolphe Meyer de Schauensee.
References
green-capped tanager
Birds of the Yungas
green-capped tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Pivovarov (, from пивовар meaning brewer) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Pivovarova. It may refer to:
Alexey Pivovarov (born 1974), Russian journalist
Anastasia Pivovarova (born 1990), Russian tennis player
Olga Pivovarova (born 1956), Soviet rower
Polina Pivovarova, Belarusian racing cyclist
Sasha Pivovarova (born 1985), Russian model and actor
Viktor Pivovarov (born 1937), Russian artist
Russian-language surnames
Events from the year 1678 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Charles II
Events
October 11 – Peter Talbot, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin and Primate of Ireland, having returned to Ireland in May, is arrested near Maynooth on the orders of James Butler, Duke of Ormonde, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for supposed complicity in the Popish Plot and imprisoned in Dublin Castle.
The vacant Bishopric of Leighlin is given to the Bishop of Kildare to form the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kildare and Leighlin.
Births
September 26 – Peter Lacy, soldier, imperial commander in Russia (d.1751)
1677 or 1678 – George Farquhar, dramatist (d.1707)
Deaths
August 23 – Nicholas French, Bishop of Ferns, political activist and pamphleteer (b.1604)
References
1670s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Windom's Way is a 1957 British thriller film directed by Ronald Neame and starring Peter Finch and Mary Ure. Made in Eastman Color, it is set during the Malayan Emergency.
Premise
Dr Alec Windom is a British doctor who works in a village in Malaya.  They are visited by their estranged wife Lee.
Cast
Main cast
Peter Finch as Alec Windom
Mary Ure as Lee Windom
Natasha Parry as Anna Vidal
Robert Flemyng as Colonel George Hasbrook
Michael Hordern as Patterson
Grégoire Aslan as Mayor Lollivar
Supporting cast
John Cairney as Jan Vidal
Marne Maitland as Commissioner Belhedron
George Margo as Police Officer Lansang
Kurt Siegenberg as Kosti
Cameo/Uncredited cast
Martin Benson as Samcar, Rebel Commander
Sanny Bin Hussan as Father Amyan
Burt Kwouk as Father Amyan's Aide
Olaf Pooley as Colonel Lupat
John A. Tinn as Patrol Leader
Original novel
The film was based on a 1952 novel by James Ramsey Ullman, which was reportedly inspired by Dr. Gordon S. Seagrave, who was imprisoned for allegedly helping the Karen people. The novel was set in the fictitious island state of Papaan.
Ullman says they wanted to tell the story how "in between man – call them the liberal – can get caught between the rollers of fanaticism or authoritarianism on either side; the case of a man trying to do their job and be a human being among other human beings and how hard this is in the twentieth century." Ullman admitted the story of Seagrove "was somewhere in the back of my mind" when they wrote the book.
The book was a Literary Guild choice and became the best seller in the US. Ullman wrote a first draft of a play based on the book.
Production
Film rights to Windom's Way were bought by Carl Foreman, who wrote the script. They sold the rights to this and two other properties to Earl St John of Rank Film Productions, who in January 1955 announced it as part of its schedule for that year (but it would not be made for another two years).
The script was rewritten and 'Anglicized' by Anthony Perry. Perry's draft was considered too "political" and was rewritten by Jill Craigie to be softened. However, the resulting work was considerably more left-wing than Rank's other colonial war films of this time such as The Planter's Wife and Simba.
Ronald Neame had just left The Seventh Sin (1957) during production. They were contacted by their old producing partner John Bryan who suggested Neame make Windom's Way with Peter Finch.
Finch made the film immediately after returning from Australia where they made Robbery Under Arms. Part of the location shoot took place in Corsica. The rest was filmed at Pinewood.
Neame says Corsica was a "difficult location".
Reception
Box Office
"It was not a successful picture, I'm afraid", said Neame later. "I think it fell between two stools, neither politically profound nor exciting enough as an action film. John just liked the book very much and I would have directed anything to get back to the studios again."
"The finished film may have had too many messages for people to stay interested", Neame later wrote. "It was neither a hit nor a disgrace."
Critical
Variety called it "a slowish but well-made intelligent drama".
The New York Times said the film was "without any topical teeth" in which Windom's "political sympathies, like the geography, are so vague that one need have no fear of being subverted by associating with them in this film. All one needs to worry about, precisely, is being a little provoked and bored."
Awards
The film was nominated for four British Academies of Film and Television Arts awards in 1958.
References
Notes
External links
Windom' Way at Colonial Film
Windom's Way at BFI
Variety review of film
1957 films
British drama films
Films directed by Ronald Neame
Films shot at Pinewood Studios
Films scored by James Bernard
Films shot in Corsica
Films set in Malaysia
British thriller films
Films about the Malayan Emergency
1950s English-language films
1950s British films
The Karl Liebknecht School (German: Karl-Liebknecht-Schule), named after Karl Liebknecht, was a German-language elementary school in Moscow. It was established for the children of German refugees to the Soviet Union. It opened in 1924 and was closed in 1939. A number of students and teachers were caught up in the Great Purge and the so-called Hitler Youth Conspiracy, many of them executed.
Background
After the October Revolution, communists in other countries were encouraged to come to the Soviet Union to help build the world's first communist state. Germany under the Weimar Republic was in turmoil, particularly during the between 1919 and 1923, and had a large Communist Party. Numerous members went to the Soviet Union, both for training and as refugees from persecution by political enemies. The Karl Liebknecht School was founded to educate the children of German refugees in the German language, however some Russians also sent their children there.
The school acquired a nickname, Shkola Nashikh Mechtei ("the school of our dreams") and had an orchestra, which was popular with local Muscovites. Hans Hauska, a member of the German Theater's Left Column, led the choir.
In the first years of the school, as was the case in early Soviet education, there was no history taught. Also, common to other schools employing ideas of progressive education, there no tests or grades, however some by 1935, some practices were "denounced as Trotskyite" and were abandoned. With the help of principal Elsa Weber, the school moved into a proper school building on September 1, 1928.
Purges and closing
During the 1934-1935 school year, there were 750 pupils at the school and a new principal, a Hungarian named Sophie Krammer. The previous principal was Helmut Schinkel, who had begun working there in 1932, but had made political mistakes. For the final five months, the principal was a Russian, named Antip Vassilyevitch Brukov.
The Soviet–German relations worsened following the coming of the Nazis to power in Germany in 1933, which seriously affected the school. In the middle of the school year, a group of pupils is deemed by the NKVD to be a fascist group. The pupil determined to be the leader, in the ninth grade, and another child were arrested, along with one teacher. Each was later sentenced. In 1936, the NKVD determined that among the teachers was a "counter-revolutionary, fascist-Trotskyite group". Other cases took place both inside and outside the school. In one case in 1936, a married couple was driven to suicide and in 1937, a number of pupils were executed. Two teachers, Kurt Bertram and Rudolf Senglaub, and thirteen students were arrested in the Hitler Youth Conspiracy, including Kurt Ahrendt, a leader of the Young Pioneers, who was executed three weeks after their arrest. By the time the purges subsided, 25 teachers and 40 pupils and former pupils had been arrested, as well as many parents. Many never returned. The school was closed in 1938 after it was decided that schools for national minorities were not in sync with the communist party line.
When the school was closed, children were sent to local Russian schools, to which not all children adapted well.
There was a summer camp for the German-speaking children, the Ernst Thälmann summer camp, which was also closed at the same time.
Notable pupils
Stefan Doernberg
Werner Eberlein, member of the Socialist Unity Party politburo and son of Hugo Eberlein
Peter Florin
Marianne Lange-Weinert, author and daughter of Erich Weinert
Wolfgang Leonhard
Max Maddalena, Jr.
Jan Vogeler, son of Heinrich Vogeler
Konrad Wolf
Markus Wolf
See also
Children's Home No. 6
References
Further reading
Henry-Ralph Lewenstein (Johnston), Die Karl-Liebknecht-Schule in Moskau 1932–1937. Die Erinnerungen eines Schulers. Lüneburg (1991)
Defunct schools in Russia
Germany–Soviet Union relations
Communism in Russia
Education in the Soviet Union
Schools in the Soviet Union
A lava balloon is a gas-filled bubble of lava that floats on the sea surface. It can be up to several metres in size. When it emerges from the sea, it is usually hot and often steaming. After floating for some time it fills with water and sinks again.
Lava balloons can form in lava flows entering the sea and at volcanic vents, but they are not common. They have been observed in the Azores, Canary Islands, Hawaii, Japan, Mariana Islands and Mexico. Apparently, they are generated when gases trapped within magma form large bubbles that eventually rise to the sea surface. In the Canary Islands, balloons containing sediments were used to infer the age of the basement on which the volcano is constructed; these sediments were also at first misinterpreted as evidence of an impending large explosive eruption.
Appearance
Lava balloons are gas-filled bubbles surrounded by a crust formed by lava; their gas content allows them to float on the sea surface. Observed sizes range from at El Hierro (Canary Islands) during the 2011–2012 eruption to about at Terceira on their long axis with rounded shapes. They have one or sometimes several large cavities surrounded by a crust. The outer part of the crust is highly vesicular and striated and has delicate flow structures that can be seen using a scanning electron microscope. It is fragile and often breaks off the balloon. The inner part of the crust is separated from the outer part by orange and white layers. It is subdivided into three inward-thickening layers, all of which contain varying amounts of vesicles that become larger toward the interior.
Occurrence
Lava balloons have been described from Terceira Island in the Azores, at Teishi Knoll of Izu-Tobu (Japan) in 1989, El Hierro, offshore Pantelleria (Foerstner volcano, Italy) in 1891 and Kealakekua Bay (Mauna Loa, Hawaii) in 1877. Similar floating scoria blocks containing reticulite were observed in 1993–1994 at Socorro, Mexico. , lava balloons have been observed only at these sites, although the increasing number of observations might indicate that this is a common mode of submarine volcanism.
A similar style of eruption but involving silicic magmas has also been found and christened "Tangaroan", after the research ship that carried out research on the Macauley caldera. Balloon-like structures were observed in 1934–1935 at Shin-Iwo-jima, Japan, and at West Rota in the Marianas. At Macauley Island in the Kermadec Islands such a style of eruption has been inferred and used to explain the presence of large rocks at substantial distances from the volcanic vent.
Observations
Lava balloons observed during a 1998–2000 eruption at Terceira are considered to be the most noteworthy expression of that eruption. They were described as steaming dark objects floating on the sea, hot enough to damage fishing ropes. At first, they were thought to be dead whales or trunks. They surfaced in batches over a span of several months, clustering in particular areas that appear to reflect the position of active volcanic vents on the seafloor but also wind and ocean current driven transport. Sometimes, hundreds of balloons were observed on a given occasion, accompanied by gas bubbles and particles shed by the balloons, all of which rose through the water in the form of plumes. The balloons steamed at first under their own heat, forming small vapour plumes and hissing sounds. Their insides could reach temperatures of over and were sometimes incandescent. Balloons usually floated for less than 15 minutes before sinking again as water penetrated them through cracks in the crust and gases escaped. Sometimes, however, explosions threw fragments for tens of meters when water interacted with a hot interior. Remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV) observations of the putative vent area found debris that may have come from lava balloons.
The Pantelleria eruption generated scoriaceous and vesicular floating structures with sizes exceeding that sank again beneath the water surface after they had become saturated with water. 1892 descriptions of lava balloons about the Pantelleria eruption resemble the Terceira balloons. As reported by fishers, black balloons of lava floated on the sea, sometimes propelled by steam jets and sometimes exploding with up to high debris fountains. As with Terceira, they were accompanied by gas bubbles and many of them were hot enough to melt zinc. Eventually, the balloons filled with water and sank again.
At El Hierro, lava balloons were erupted from 27 November 2011 until 23 February 2012 and often exploded upon reaching the sea surface. On the seafloor close to the vent were balloons with various shapes including amphora-like and sizes reaching over . They had sunk to the seafloor immediately after being ejected from the vent and had sometimes spilled magma. The amphora-like shape appears to have formed when floating balloons degassed through vents at their top and the balloons deformed.
Towards the end of the eruption, some lava balloons had a thin layer of solidified magma around a glassy core and appeared to float for longer times, allowing them to reach the coast. The balloons were named "restingoliths" and the glassy core "xeno-pumice". Similar balloons were observed at Teishi Knoll and appear to form when sediments are incorporated into lava and melted, forming a pumice-like structure. At El Hierro, the origin of the cores gave rise to a scientific debate about whether they originated as sediment or as silicic magma; now there is agreement that they formed out of sediments. In Socorro, the cores of lava balloons contained reticulite.
In Kealakekua Bay, over a hundred lava balloons were observed. They emitted sulfurous gases and steam and were hot inside, even incandescent. As ships were moving across the area rising balloons in the water impacted their hulls but did not do any damage.
Genesis
Large floating pumice blocks such as these observed in Kikai, Japan, in 1934–1935 may be comparable to lava balloons, but they are produced by eruptions of felsic magma, which are rich in silicates and lighter elements. By contrast, lava balloons are generally produced by eruptions of alkali basalt, although few basaltic eruptions produce them.
Lava balloons are probably limited to a depth range of : too deep, and gas bubbles do not form; too shallow, and degassing fragments the rocks. Only a few sufficiently large balloons can rise all the way to the sea surface; smaller ones fill quickly with water and sink. Overly crystalline magma may render a crust too brittle to form a lava balloon.
Several different mechanisms have been invoked to explain the genesis of lava balloons. Water that penetrates the lava can boil and the resulting vapours can inflate the balloons and make them float, although for Terceira a non-water gas composition has been inferred. They are usually observed when lava flows enter the sea. They appear to form when water is trapped in lava as it flows onto a beach with waves or enters lava tubes; in the latter case, entrained water can be transported through the tube and eventually end up in developing pillow lavas which are rendered buoyant by water vapour bubbles.
Less commonly, as in Terceira, balloons and accompanying gas bubbles appear to have formed on volcanic vents rather than at the front of lava flows, and more specifically on volcanic vents where magma ponded. There, gas emanating from a gas-rich magma accumulated below a crust on top of lava, forming blisters that eventually reached a critical buoyancy and broke off, forming lava balloons. The high gas content and low viscosity of the magma during the Terceira eruption allowed balloons to form despite the vents being located at considerable depth.
Finally, lava fountaining processes have been proposed to form balloons underwater. According to this model, slabs of magma in the water are surrounded by a thin shell which traps exoluting gases but also magma. The trapped gases inflate the shell and make it buoyant, while the remnant magma maintains the shell as it expands.
Impact
On São Miguel Island in the Azores, lava balloons are considered to be one of the main volcanic hazards stemming from submarine volcanic eruptions. Early lava balloons erupted during the 2011–2012 El Hierro eruption contained xeno-pumice, which raised concerns that evolved magmas such as phonolite and trachyte, capable of generating explosive eruptions, might be present under the volcano. As the eruption continued, these concerns together with an outburst of gas led to the evacuation of the town of La Restinga. The link between xeno-pumice and evolved magmas was contested early on; when explosive eruptions did not occur, this led to complaints that the response to the eruption had been disproportionate especially given its effect on the economy. The management of the El Hierro eruption in general attracted intense criticism.
Scientific significance
At El Hierro, foraminifera fossils found in the glassy cores of lava balloons have been inferred to originate from sediments that underlie the El Hierro volcano. These fossils indicate a Cretaceous–Pliocene age for these sediments, implying that El Hierro rests on the youngest sediment base of the archipelago. The progressively lower age of the islands from east to west reinforces the theory that the Canary Islands are on top of a hotspot. Furthermore, it has been proposed that lava balloons might be proof of shallow-water volcanic eruptions.
See also
Lithophysa
Pumice raft
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Volcanology
Floating islands
Rafts
Balloons
Microneedle may refer to :
Elements of a microneedle array/patch for transdermal drug delivery
microneedling, a mechanical/RF skin treatment used e.g. for Collagen induction therapy
a microinjector
See also
Novyye Sharashli () is a rural locality (a village) in Starosharashlinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 36 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Novyye Sharashli is located 9 km northwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Georgiyevka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Agnes M. Brazal is a Filipina theologian, known for their work in feminist theology, a theology of migration, and cybertheology.
Biography
Brazal received their first degree in 1981, a BS in management engineering from Ateneo de Manilla University in Quezon City, Philippines. They later pursued studies in theology, first at Maryhill School of Theology in Quezon City, before completing a STL (1994) and a SThD (1998), both from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in Belgium.
They taught at Maryhill School of Theology (1998–2012), St. Vincent School of Theology (2012–2015), and, since 2016, has been at De la Salle University, where they are presently a full professor in theology and religious education. They were a founding member and past president of the Catholic Theological Society of the Philippines (DaKaTeo) and a founding member and past president of the Ecclesia of Women in Asia (EWA), an organization that encourages Catholic Asian female theologians to be heard as equal partners with male theologians.
Works
References
Living people
World Christianity scholars
Filipino Roman Catholic theologians
Christian feminist theologians
Year of birth missing (living people)
207 (City of Glasgow) Battery, is an Army Reserve sub-unit, part of the 105th Regiment Royal Artillery. The battery is based in Partick, Glasgow.
History
Formed in 1967 as 207 (Scottish) Light Air Defence Battery Royal Artillery (Volunteers), the battery was originally part of 102nd (Ulster and Scottish) Air Defence Regiment Royal Artillery but later joined 105th (Scottish) Air Defence Regiment Royal Artillery (Volunteers) on 1 April 1986.
Conferred the title "City of Glasgow" in 1987, the Battery has been re-roled to field guns, using the L118 light gun since 2006. In early 2015, D (Lothian) Troop, located in Edinburgh was upgraded to battery strength and formed 278 (Lowland) Battery Royal Artillery and D Troop was reformed in Glasgow where both Gun Troops (C and D Troops) are now co-located alongside Battery Headquarters.
The Battery carries the honour of firing regular Royal Salutes at Edinburgh Castle, alongside other stations such as Stirling Castle. In 2015 the Battery honoured the 100th anniversary of the City of Glasgow Battery's covering of the withdrawal from the Gallipoli campaign through firing a 17 Gun Salute on Glasgow Green. In 2017 the Battery celebrated its 50th birthday through firing a Feu de Joie Gun Salute at Dumbarton Castle.
References
Publications
Litchfield, Norman E H, 1992. The Territorial Artillery 1908-1988, The Sherwood Press, Nottingham.
Royal Artillery batteries
Military of Scotland
Army Reserve (United Kingdom)
Military units and formations established in 1967
Greenfield is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. It is represented on Pittsburgh City Council by Corey O'Connor.
Greenfield is a member of Pittsburgh's 15th Ward, which includes the neighborhoods of Greenfield and Four Mile Run. Greenfield is adjacent to the Pittsburgh neighborhoods of Hazelwood to the south, Oakland and Schenley Park to the north, and Squirrel Hill to the east. Pittsburgh Fire Station #12 is located on Winterburn Avenue in the neighborhood.
History
In 1768, a large tract of woodland was purchased for $10,000 under the Treaty of Fort Stanwix made with the Native Americans. This area included what became Greenfield and neighboring Hazelwood, which today are both part of the city's 15th ward. By the late 1800s, many of Greenfield's residents were of Irish, Polish, Slovak, Italian, Hungarian, and Carpatho-Rusyn descent. They resided in Greenfield and traveled to Hazelwood, Homestead and Duquesne to work in the steel mills.
During the Civil War, Greenfield (part of Squirrel Hill at the time) was the site of a small redoubt, Fort Black on Bigelow Street between Parade and Shields Streets, also known as Fort Chess or Fort Squirrel Hill.
City steps
The Greenfield neighborhood has 26 distinct flights of city steps - many of which are open and in a safe condition. In Greenfield, the Steps of Pittsburgh quickly connect pedestrians to public transportation, business districts, and playgrounds and provide an easy way to travel through this hilly, densely populated area.
Points of interest
Greenfield contains two small business districts along Greenfield Avenue and Murray Avenue. A major travel route is along Beechwood Boulevard, connecting I-376 to the Waterfront shopping district in Homestead. As a predominantly residential neighborhood, Greenfield boasts three baseball fields, four basketball courts, two hockey rinks, two soccer fields, and a swimming pool. It is also home to seven churches and one synagogue; the largest is St. Rosalia, a Roman Catholic church. Greenfield is known among locals for very steep hills, a chaotic street grid off the main roads, and a preponderance of single lane 2-way streets, which does not usually lead to congestion as the neighborhood is not heavily traveled (excluding Murray and Greenfield Avenues and Beechwood Boulevard, which are all multi-lane streets).
Similar to other Pittsburgh neighborhoods, Greenfield hosts a holiday parade and fireworks every December. The fireworks, which are usually sponsored by Zambelli Fireworks, are shot off from Magee Field.
Spanning I-376 and connecting Greenfield to Oakland is the Beechwood Boulevard Bridge, known more popularly as the Greenfield Bridge. It was built in the 1920s and eventually demolished on December 28, 2015. It was replaced by a new bridge that became available for public use in October, 2017.
Notable residents
Bryan Bassett, American guitarist
Marc Bulger, professional football player, Baltimore Ravens, St. Louis Rams, Atlanta Falcons, New Orleans Saints
Richard Caliguiri, mayor of Pittsburgh, 1978–88
George Otto Gey, propagated the HeLa cell line, credited with creating the roller drum, pioneer in filming cell division.
Gary Green, (MLB player San Diego Padres first round pick, current manager of Lynchburg Hillcats)
Larry Lucchino, (MLB team president, Boston Red Sox)
Mike McCarthy, head coach, Dallas Cowboys, Green Bay Packers
Regis Monahan, professional football player, Detroit Lions, Chicago Cardinals, Ohio State All-American
Bob O'Connor, mayor of Pittsburgh, January 2006 – September 2006
Steve Sandor, actor who grew up in "The Run" in lower Greenfield
Don Schaefer, (NFL player, All-American, Notre Dame)
Jimmy Smith, ("Greenfield Jimmy"), professional baseball player
Pittsburgh Slim, rapper
See also
List of Pittsburgh neighborhoods
Four Mile Run
References
External links
City of Pittsburgh's Greenfield page
Interactive Pittsburgh Neighborhoods Map
Four Mile Run Bridges
Newspaper's Profile of Greenfield
Community Organizations
Greenfield Community Association
Connect Greenfield
Historic Pittsburgh Map Collections
1872 - Atlas of the Cities of Pittsburgh, Allegheny and Adjoining Boroughs: Plate 12
1872 - Atlas of the Cities of Pittsburgh, Allegheny, and the Adjoining Boroughs: Plate 10
1876 - Atlas of the Cities of Pittsburgh, Allegheny, and the Adjoining Boroughs: Plate 76
1904 - Volume 1 - East End of Pittsburgh (South): Wards 13, 14, 22, and 23
1923 - Volume 2 - East End (South): Wards 7 and 14-15
1939 - Volume 2 - East End (South): Wards 7, 14 and 15
Irish-American culture in Pittsburgh
Irish-American neighborhoods
Neighborhoods in Pittsburgh
Giuseppe Cino, better known as Beppe Cino (born 3 February 1947), is an Italian director and screenwriter.
Life and career
Born in Caltanissetta, Cino formed at the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in Rome, graduating in 1970. The same year they started as intense activity as documentarist and as assistant director, notably collaborating with Roberto Rossellini, Vittorio De Sica and Steno. They debuted as a director with the experimental drama Il cavaliere, la morte e il diavolo, which they also wrote and produced.
Selected filmography
Il cavaliere, la morte e il diavolo (1983)
La Casa del Buon Ritorno/ House of the Blue Shadows (1986)
Breath of Life (1990)
Miracle in Palermo! (2004)
References
External links
1947 births
20th-century Italian people
Italian film directors
Italian screenwriters
People from Caltanissetta
Living people
Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia alumni
Giallo film directors
Italian male screenwriters
In mathematics, a knot is an embedding of a circle into 3-dimensional Euclidean space. The knot group of a knot K is defined as the fundamental group of the knot complement of K in R3,
Other conventions consider knots to be embedded in the 3-sphere, in which case the knot group is the fundamental group of its complement in .
Properties
Two equivalent knots have isomorphic knot groups, so the knot group is a knot invariant and can be used to distinguish between certain pairs of inequivalent knots. This is because an equivalence between two knots is a self-homeomorphism of that is isotopic to the identity and sends the first knot onto the second. Such a homeomorphism restricts onto a homeomorphism of the complements of the knots, and this restricted homeomorphism induces an isomorphism of fundamental groups. However, it is possible for two inequivalent knots to have isomorphic knot groups (see below for an example).
The abelianization of a knot group is always isomorphic to the infinite cyclic group Z; this follows because the abelianization agrees with the first homology group, which can be easily computed.
The knot group (or fundamental group of an oriented link in general) can be computed in the Wirtinger presentation by a relatively simple algorithm.
Examples
To unknot has knot group isomorphic to Z.
The trefoil knot has knot group isomorphic to the braid group B3. This group has the presentation
or
A (p,q)-torus knot has knot group with presentation
The figure eight knots has knot group with presentation
The square knot and the granny knot have isomorphic knot groups, yet these two knots are not equivalent.
See also
Link group
Further reading
Hazewinkel, Michiel, ed. (2001), "Knot and Link Groups", Encyclopedia of Mathematics, Springer,
Knot invariants
Greatest Hits 1974–78 is a compilation album by the Steve Miller Band released in November 1978, presenting the band's hits from 1973–1977.
Content
The album features the title track from 1973's The Joker plus 13 tracks taken from Fly Like an Eagle (1976) and Book of Dreams (1977). As a sign of the album-oriented rock times, all but one track came from their last two albums even though they had eleven studio albums at the time. The shorter 7-inch single versions of "Jet Airliner", "Swingtown", "The Joker", and "Fly Like an Eagle" are featured on this compilation.
Track listing
A U.S. cassette version of the album manufactured by Capitol Records omits four of the above tracks: "Serenade" and "The Stake" on side A, and "Threshold" and "Dance, Dance, Dance" from Side B; the order of the tracks remains the same.
All selections published by Sailor Music, except "The Joker" by Sailor Music/Unichappel Music, Inc. and "Jet Airliner" by Sailor Music/No Thought Music.
Personnel
Steve Miller – synthesizer, guitar, keyboards, vocals, producer, compilation producer
David Denny – guitar, rhythm guitar
Greg Douglass – guitar, slide guitar
John McFee – Dobro
Bob Glaub – bass guitar
Gerald Johnson – bass guitar
Lonnie Turner – bass guitar
Byron Allred – synthesizer, piano, keyboards
Joachim Jymm Young – Hammond organ
Dickie Thompson – organ, clavinet
Norton Buffalo – harmonica on tracks 7 and 13
John King – drums
Gary Mallaber – percussion, drums
Production
Roberta Ballard – production manager
Mike Fusaro – engineer
Jim Gaines – engineer, mixing
Gene Hicks – assistant engineer, mixing assistant
Steve Hoffman – remastering
Win Kutz – mixing assistant
Marcia McGovern – pre-production
John Palladino – executive producer
Jay Ranellucci – engineer, mixing
Artwork and design
Kelley and Mouse – Cover illustration & design
Sam Shepard – cover lettering
David Stahl – photography
John Van Hamersveld – design
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certification
See also
List of best-selling albums in the United States
References
1978 greatest hits albums
Steve Miller Band compilation albums
Capitol Records compilation albums
Tymo Lin (), novelist, columnist and book critic, Lin is an author member of the Crime Writers' Association (UK), P. A. member of the Crime Writers of Canada, and director of the Mystery Writers of Taiwan. They were a finalist in The 4th Soji Shimada Mystery Awards for 2015, a mystery critic for books.com.tw, columnist for ETtoday (Taiwan), Distinctive Taste magazine (San Francisco), World Journal Weekly (New York) and The Mess-Age (Taiwan).
Lin was born in Taipei, currently living in Canada, and graduated from The Vancouver Film School - 3D Animation & Visual Effects. They were a columnist for nine years in North America and has frequently been giving lectures about mystery writing to readers in Taiwan and the USA.
Biography
Their award winning mystery novel, The Thermosphere Murders, is about two American astronauts' murder cases and the abnormal explosion of a Russian spacecraft returning from the imaginary space station, "The Universal Space Station". This unique new type of mystery was selected to be one of the top 3 finalists in "The 4th Soji Shimada Mystery Awards" and is currently in circulation at the San Francisco Public Library.
Lin became a full time novelist after receiving the mystery award, their 2016 novel, The Palace of Firebirds, is published by Showwe. It is a mystery and a love story spanning half a century. From the modern computer age back to those years when thousands of US Armed Forces from the Vietnam War were taking R&R in Taiwan.
They also co-translated one of the Mystery Writers of America's books, Writing Mysteries, into the Chinese language published by Marco Polo Press in 2018. One of Lin's novels, Wake Me Up at Happyland, has been nominated by the Ministry of Culture (Taiwan) to be included in the Taiwan pavilion at the 2018 Frankfurt Book Fair in Germany.
Awards and honours
The 4th Soji Shimada Mystery Awards (finalist)
The 10th Mystery Writers of Taiwan Awards (first stage nomination)
Publications
Mystery Novels
The Thermosphere Murders (Traditional Chinese 熱層之密室 2015)
The Thermosphere Murders (Simplified Chinese 热层之密室 2016)
The Palace of Firebirds (Traditional Chinese 火鳥宮行動 2016)
Aquatic Eye (Traditional Chinese 水眼：微笑藥師探案系列 2017)
Wake Me Up at Happyland (Traditional Chinese 幸福到站，叫醒我 2017)
The Third Part of The Stars of Heaven (Traditional Chinese 星辰的三分之一 2018)
Translation
Writing Mysteries (Traditional Chinese 推理寫作祕笈 2018)
Travel Book
Tracing The Sun, Spanning Over The 30°N Latitude (Traditional Chinese 追著太陽跑 ，一頭栽進去用力戰勝自己！ 2016)
Short Stories
Short stories and articles scattered in: North America - World Journal, Sing Tao Daily, US Chinese Press, Asian Gazette, Chinese Literature of The Americas magazine; Australia - SameWay magazine; Thailand - World Journal Thailand; Taiwan - United Daily News, China Times...
Speech
USA
2016 Mystery Novels of Taiwan Promotion
From Agatha to Shimada, from Classic Mystery to New Mystery, 2016-06-11, California / San Francisco Public Library
2017 Showwe Writers' North American Tour
Tracing The Sun, 2017-06-10, North American Tour - Stop I: California | San Francisco Public Library
Tracing The Sun, 2017-06-10, North American Tour - Stop II: California | Cupertino Amazing Books
Tracing The Sun, 2017-06-11, North American Tour - Stop III: California | Culture Center Of TECO in San Francisco
Tracing The Sun, 2017-06-17, North American Tour - Stop IV: Texas | Dallas Chinese Community Center
Tracing The Sun, 2017-06-18, North American Tour - Stop V: Texas | Houston Chinese Cultural Center
Taiwan
The Impossible Crime, 2015-10-03, with Xerxes at Agatha's Murder Ink
The Writing Schemes for a Novel, 2016-07-10, with Amanda Chi at Kaohsiung International Book Fair
The Writing Schemes for a Novel, 2016-07-16, with Amanda Chi at New Taipei City Youth Library
One for All and All for One, 2016-07-31, with Sc Chang and Chihwen Hsiung at King Car Art Gallery
LOHAS is Easy, 2017-02-04, with TienLo Liang at Gov Books
Tracing The Sun Vs. Life in Silicon Valley, 2017-02-10, with TienLo Liang at Taipei International Book Fair
UMA, UFO and Outer Space, 2017-02-10, at Taipei International Book Fair
UMA, UFO and Outer Space, 2017-02-12, with Dr. Ho-Ling Fu at Taipei International Book Fair
How to Write a Mystery Story? 2017-10-21 How Do I Promote Taiwan's Mystery Novels? at King Car Art Gallery
One for All and All for One II, 2018-02-08 with Josef Lee, Xerxes and Chihwen Hsiungat at Agatha's Murder Ink
The Wide World of Mystery, 2018-02-24 at Taichung ChinSui Library
Radio Interview
USA
FM 92.3 The Universal FM, San Francisco, California, 2013-03-20, interviewed by Erin Liu
FM 96.1 Sing Tao Chinese Radio, San Francisco, California, 2016-06-10, interviewed by Joron Lin
FM 96.1 Sing Tao Chinese Radio, San Francisco, California, 2017-06-09, interviewed by Joron Lin
AM1050 U.S. Chinese Channel, Houston, Texas, 2017-06-14, interviewed by Shu Ting
Links
Tymo Lin Official Site
The Crime Writers' Association - Tymo Lin (UK)
The Crime Writers of Canada - Tymo Lin
The Mystery Writers of Taiwan - Tymo Lin
References
Taiwanese male novelists
Taiwanese writers
Canadian mystery writers
Canadian columnists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Writers from Taipei
Vancouver Film School alumni
Canadian writers of Asian descent
Spéléo Club du Liban ("Lebanon's Caving Club") was formed in 1951. It is considered one of the oldest caving associations in the Middle East.
History
In 1940, Lionel Ghorra escorted a French expedition to the Jeita Cave. Ghorra was passionate about the discipline and they led as of 1946 a group of friends who went further into the Jeita cave. Documents about the discipline were gathered, contacts with foreign caving entities were established, and the idea of putting together a collective and organized structure was taking shape. Born in 1951, the Speleo-Club of Lebanon was only officially registered six years later in 1957. The club's founding fathers were the pioneering cavers Lionel Ghorra, Sami Karkabi, Raymond Khawam, and Albert Anavy. In 1963, Albert Anavy attended the first International Congress of Speleology in Paris and represented the SCL.
The number of enthusiasts increased and the club's explorations grew in scope and intervention. Many caves were discovered and explored while cavers had started to master vertical techniques by using the first manufactured caving ladders. The deepest sinkhole in the Middle East, Faouar Dara, was soon discovered and fully explored by SCL in 1962.
The importance of the discoveries made in Jeita led to its opening to the public as a tourist show-cave, with Sami Karkabi as its director. Due to SCL's contribution to the works in Jeita, the club was officially recognized as beneficial to the nation (d'Utilité Publique) in 1963. Two years later in 1965, the SCL, representing Lebanon, became a founding member of the International Union of Speleology (UIS) at the 4th International Congress of Speleology. At this event, Albert Anavy was also elected as the first General Secretary of the UIS.
Throughout the years, SCL cavers made many discoveries and studies, attempted underground dives, improved equipment by DIY innovations. SCL is regularly asked to train the Lebanese army in cave rescue operations and in single rope technique. In addition it is also requested to conduct underground studies for various organizations such as governmental bodies, municipalities, and even consultancy firms.
SCL releases periodically Al Ouat'Ouate (the bat in Arabic), the club's magazine since 1955. Consistent, with club activities, the Ouat'Ouate covers all aspects of speleology.
The SCL was the initiator of the first National Gathering of Speleology in 1996, and the main organizer of the Middle-East Speleology Symposium MESS in 2001, which was acclaimed internationally. SCL moved also organized MESS2 in 2006, thus committing itself to organize such an event every five years.
Awards and recognition
The club was awarded the 'A Club that is a Benefit to the Public' Order by the Lebanese government in 1963.
Thanks to the public opening of the upper galleries of Jeita, and to the accurate topography which allowed the Office of Hydraulic Resources to dig a 600m long tunnel and puncture the cave at the terminal siphon level, the SCL was decorated with the National Order of the Cedar, with the rank of Knight, by the President of the Republic in 1969.
SCL's continuous progress and achievements was last officially rewarded by being granted the National order of the Cedar a second time, with the grade of Officer.
Community service
In 2007, authorities called on the Speleo Club du Liban to help control a fire at Deir al-Qamar, praising the spelunkers turned firefighters: “The youth really helped the firefighters, who were not able to do all the work themselves.”
References
External links
Speleo Club du Liban
1951 establishments in Lebanon
Organizations established in 1951
Caving organizations
Clubs and societies in Lebanon
Caving in Lebanon
Kaminuma Bluff () is a bold ice-covered bluff that rises to over near the shore in southeastern Ross Island, off the coast of Antarctica. The bluff is midway between Cape MacKay and Cape Crozier. At the suggestion of P.R. Kyle, it was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (2000) after Katsutada Kaminuma of the National Institute of Polar Research (Japan), who was a founding member of the International Mount Erebus Seismic Study, 1980–81 through 1986. This was a joint project with the United States, Japan, and New Zealand. Kaminuma was the lead Japanese member and continued to work in Antarctica and on Mount Erebus for many years.
References
Cliffs of Ross Island
The George Louk Farm is a rural farmstead located at 1885 Tooley Road near Howell, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
History
George Louk was born in Dansville, New York in 1825. In 1847, they purchased 40 acres at this site and settled in to begin farming. In the 1850s, they traveled to California as part of the California Gold Rush; while there, they purchased an additional 40 acres across the road from their Michigan farmstead. They returned to Michigan some time before 1858; in that year they purchased an additional 80 acres, and married Cornelia Lake, the daughter of a Howell-area brick merchant. At some point around this time, Louk constructed a log house near where the present farmhouse stands. The Louks constructed a large barn on the property at some point before 1873. The corncrib and granary on the farm likely date from the same period. In 1878, the constructed the present farmhouse. In 1900, the Louks sold 100 acres to Spencer and Mary E. Tooley, and moved into the city of Howell. George Louk died in 1903, and their wife in 1916.
Spencer and Mary Tooley farmed the property after their purchase from the Louks, but Mary Tooley died of tuberculosis in 1902. Spencer continued to live on the property until their death in 1925, after which the farm passed to their three children: Olive (a daughter with Spencer's first wife Maggie), Fanny, and Jay (both children of Spencer and Mary). Jay and Olive continued to farm the property, with Jay being locally prominent for their breeding of Holstein Friesian cattle. Olive died in 1953, and Jay remained farming the land until 1960, when they sold it to Edward and Judy Hubbel. Jay Tooley died in 1970. The Hubbels continued to own the farm at least through the 1990s.
Description
The Louk Farm currently encompassed 25 acres, county, is a 25-acre section of a once larger farm. The property includes an 1878 Italianate farmhouse, a barn, corncrib and granary that predating the house, and a small building that originally housed an electricity source for the farm. The buildings front onto a quiet rural road, with large trees lining the lane.
The farmhouse is a two-story clapboard Italianate Upright and Wing structure with a cross gabled roof and a fieldstone basement. A kitchen wing is at the rear. The front facade has two windows on each story in the upright section. A recessed wing is fronted by a porch, which shelters a paneled door flanked by sidelights. A single gable on the roof is above a second-story door, also flanked by sidelights, which opens on the roof of the porch. Windows and doors are topped with triangular pediments.
The two-story horse barn is sided with board and batten. and topped with a low gable roof with wide eaves. The barn sits on a fieldstone foundation. A nearby combination corncrib and granary is of similar construction. A small clapboarded windowless building with shed roof that once held electric machinery is located near the house.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Livingston County, Michigan
Italianate architecture in Michigan
Buildings and structures completed in 1873
Thomas N. Armstrong III (July 30, 1932, Portsmouth, Virginia – June 20, 2011, Manhattan) was an American museum curator who was director emeritus of the Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Museum (1968–1971),
the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts (1971–1974), the Whitney Museum of American Art (1974–1990) and the Andy Warhol Museum (1993–1995).  They are best known for more than quadrupling the size of the Whitney Museum's art holdings. They graduated from Cornell University with a bachelor's degree in art history in 1954, where they became a member of the Quill and Dagger society. They studied museum administration at the New York University Institute of Fine Arts in 1967.
Armstrong had a lifelong interest in gardening and joined the board of the Garden Conservancy in 1991, becoming Chairman in 1997. They also served on the advisory committees of Mount Vernon Estate and Gardens and Winterthur Museum & Country Estate, and was an Honorary Trustee of the National Building Museum and a Trustee of the New York School of Interior Design.
Their book, "A Singular Vision," on the design of their glass house on Fishers Island, New York, was published by WW Norton in the fall of 2011.
References
1932 births
2011 deaths
Cornell University alumni
Directors of museums in the United States
New York University Institute of Fine Arts alumni
People from Portsmouth, Virginia
People associated with the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
American art historians
Historians from Virginia
People associated with Winterthur Museum, Garden and Library
Antigua and Barbuda competed at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary from 18 June to 3 July.
Swimming
Swimmers from Antigua and Barbuda have achieved qualifying standards in the following events.
References
Nations at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships
Antigua and Barbuda at the World Aquatics Championships
World Aquatics Championships
The Australian Adult Industry Awards (AAIA®) is an annual award that has been given out for outstanding achievements in the Australian adult industry since 2001.
The Australian Adult Industry Awards (AAIA®) commenced in 2001 and is designed to showcase outstanding achievements in the Australian adult industry, including awards for strippers, adult retail shops, film and video production, men's bars, brothels, escort agencies, and everything associated with the adult industry, Australia wide.
The aim of the AAIA® is to establish legitimacy and mainstream acceptance or the industry and its participants. Winners of the awards can proudly display their winning logo as ‘a badge of honor', which has fast become a sought-after prize.
The AAIA® has been founded, owned, and operated by industry legend, sex expert, and serial entrepreneur Maxine Fensom since its conception.
Maxine is well known in the adult industry for founding a number of strip clubs, strippers' agencies, themed events, and adult online stores.
In addition to being the founder of the Australian Adult Industry Awards, Fensom is also the founder and owner of the national Miss Erotica and Miss Dream Girl pageants.
In 2004, the organizers of the awards were persuaded to be a partner of the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) to get 16,000 sex workers of Australia to declare their income. As part of the effort, the ATO decided to sponsor the event.
John Lark won the lifetime achievement award in 2006 for their contribution to the industry as a producer of 20 films featuring Australian "stars", including Alice Springs and Kelly Blue, in late 1980s.
References
External links
Past winners of the Adult Industry Awards
Winner of Best Newspaper and Website
2001 establishments in Australia
Awards established in 2001
Australian awards
Australian pornography
Pornographic film awards
Lady Emily Charlotte Mary Ponsonby (1817–1877) was a Victorian novelist.
Life
Lady Emily Charlotte Mary Ponsonby was born in London in 1817. Them father was John Ponsonby, 4th Earl of Bessborough, who was briefly Home Secretary in 1834. Them aunt was Lady Caroline Lamb, whose estranged husband would become Prime Minister.
Them father's handwriting was notoriously bad, even before they had a riding accident which exacerbated the problem. Emily was their eldest unmarried daughter, and served as their secretary.
Ponsonby wrote a number of novels telling tales set in the upper classes. These romances were published anonymously. They died on 3 February 1877 at their home in London.
Works
The Discipline of Life (1848)
Pride and Irresolution - a sequel
Mary Gray, and other Tales and Verses (1852)
Edward Willoughby (1854)
The Young Lord (1856)
Sunday Readings, Consisting of Eight Short Sermons Addressed to the Young (1857)
A Mother's Trial (1859),
Katherine and their Sisters (1861)
Sir Owen Fairfax (1866)
A Story of Two Cousins (1868)
Olivia Beaumont and Lord Latimer
References
1817 births
1877 deaths
19th-century English women writers
19th-century British writers
19th-century English novelists
Daughters of Irish earls
English women novelists
Emily
Victorian novelists
John Fraser (October 18, 1825 – December 26, 1906) was a Scottish-born American architect who practiced in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Washington, D.C.
Their most significant surviving building is the Union League of Philadelphia (1864–65), a High Victorian, Second Empire gentlemen's club constructed of brick and brownstone.
Their career is overshadowed by that of their former student and one-time partner, Frank Furness (Fraser, Furness & Hewitt: 1867-71), whose influence is visible in Fraser's Washington, D.C. mansions for James G. Blaine and John T. Brodhead.
They served as acting supervisory architect for the U.S. Treasury (December 1878 - May 1879), created a master plan for the U.S. Capitol grounds, and served on the commission to complete Robert Mills's Washington Monument.
They were one of the founders of the Philadelphia chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
They maintained a residence in Riverton, New Jersey, and designed a number of buildings there. By 1888, they had entered into a partnership with their son Archibald, and continued working until about 1902.
They died in Philadelphia and is interred at The Woodlands Cemetery.
Notable buildings
Union League of Philadelphia, 140 South Broad Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (1864–65).
Joseph Bates House, 18th & Delancey Streets, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (1867–68), with Frank Furness and George Hewitt.
Manufacturers' National Bank, 27 North 3rd Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (1870), with Frank Furness and George Hewitt.
British Legation, Washington DC, D.C. (1872, demolished 1931)
General Plan for the Extension of the U.S. Capitol Grounds, Washington, D.C. (1874)
Calvary Presbyterian Church, Riverton, New Jersey (1878–79)
Brodhead-Bell-Morton Mansion, 1500 Rhode Island Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. (1879)
James G. Blaine Mansion, 2000 Massachusetts Ave. NW, Washington, D.C. (1881).
Christ Episcopal Church, Riverton, New Jersey (1884)
Alhambra Theatre, Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland (1922)
Notes
External links
1825 births
1906 deaths
19th-century American architects
Architects from Philadelphia
Burials at The Woodlands Cemetery
People from Riverton, New Jersey
Scottish emigrants to the United States
20th-century American architects
Architects from New Jersey
Patera perigraptus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
References
Polygyridae
The 2015 Badminton Asia Championships was the 34th edition of the Badminton Asia Championships. It was held in Wuhan, China, from April 21 to April 26.
Venue
Wuhan Sports Center Gymnasium
Medalists
Medal table
Men's singles
Seeds
Chen Long (Semi final)
Lin Dan (Champion)
Srikanth Kidambi (Withdrew)
Son Wan-ho (Quarter final)
Chou Tien-chen (Quarter final)
Tommy Sugiarto (Withdrew)
Wang Zhengming (Semi final)
Sho Sasaki (Quarter final)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women's singles
Seeds
Li Xuerui (Final)
Saina Nehwal (Quarter final)
Wang Shixian (Third round)
Sung Ji-hyun (Quarter final)
Tai Tzu-ying (Semi final)
Wang Yihan (Semi final)
Ratchanok Intanon (Champion)
Pusarla Venkata Sindhu (Quarter final)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men's doubles
Seeds
Lee Yong-dae / Yoo Yeon-seong (Champion)
Lee Sheng-mu / Tsai Chia-hsin (Second round)
Liu Xiaolong / Qiu Zihan (Quarter final)
Hiroyuki Endo / Kenichi Hayakawa (Quarter final)
Ko Sung-hyun / Shin Baek-cheol (Withdrew)
Muhammad Ahsan / Hendra Setiawan (Final)
Chai Biao / Hong Wei (Quarter final)
Fu Haifeng / Zhang Nan (Third round)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women's doubles
Seeds
Misaki Matsutomo / Ayaka Takahashi (Semi final)
Luo Ying / Luo Yu (Semi final)
Reika Kakiiwa / Miyuki Maeda (Second round)
Wang Xiaoli / Yu Yang (Final)
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Badminton Asia Championships 2015
Badminton Asia Championships
Asian Badminton Championships
Badminton tournaments in China
International sports competitions hosted by China
2015 in Chinese sport
Sport in Wuhan
April 2015 sports events in China
The Japan Federation of Service and Distributive Workers' Unions (JSD, ) was a trade union representing workers in retail and related sectors in Japan.
The union was established on 4 July 2001, with the merger of the Japan Federation of Commercial Workers' Unions, the Chain Store Labor Unions Council, and the Seven Department Store Unions' Council. On formation, it had around 180,000 members. Like its three larger predecessors, it was affiliated with the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. On 9 November 2012, it merged with Japanese Federation of Textile, Chemical, Food, Commercial, Service and General Workers' Unions to form the Japanese Federation of Textile, Chemical, Commerce, Food and General Services Workers' Unions.
References
External links
Retail trade unions
Trade unions established in 2001
Trade unions disestablished in 2012
Trade unions in Japan
Pseudo-nitzschia australis is a pennate diatom found in temperate and sub-tropic marine waters, such as off the coast of California and Argentina. This diatom is a Harmful Micro Algae that produces toxic effects on a variety of organisms through its production of domoic acid, a neurotoxin. Toxic effects have been observed in a variety of predatory organisms such as pelicans, sea lions, and humans. If exposed to a high enough dose, these predators will die as a result, and there is no known antidote. The potential indirect mortality associated with P. australis is of great concern to humans as toxic algae blooms, including blooms of P. australis, continue to increase in frequency and severity over recent years. Blooms of P. australis are believed to result from high concentrations of nitrates and phosphates in stream and river runoff, as well as coastal upwelling, which are also sources of other harmful algae blooms.
Morphology
Pseudo-nitzschia australis are a part of the genus which are bilaterally symmetrical diatoms with a protective cell wall layer called a silica. Their body plan is such that cells overlap with adjacent cells, allowing them to form chains. The cells are needle shaped, and the overlap between cells can be between one-third to one-half each cell length. Their total body length can be from 68-144 μm long and their width can range from 3-8 μm wide.
Life cycle
Pseudo-nitzschia australis can reproduce both sexually and asexually by binary fission. Sexual reproduction occurs by auxo-sporulation in which gametes fuse to form a zygote. Sexual reproduction has also been found to correlate with higher levels of domoic acid production Population growth of this species is seasonal and can depend on the amount of water upwelled and nutrient concentrations present off of the coast.
Habitat
These diatoms in a neritic zone meaning that they reside in shallow parts of the ocean with a depth ranging from 0 to 170 meters deep. Their temperature range is from around -1 °C to 29 °C. They can live in temperate and subtropical waters. Common distributions are the American West Coast, Australia, New Zealand, and North Atlantic Ocean.
Harmful algae blooms
There are many sources of harmful algae blooms. For instance, coastal upwellings can bring harmful algae to surface waters where they can photosynthesize due to an increase in light at the surface waters. This increase in photosynthesis can increase algal reproduction and the release of domoic acid. In addition to natural events, human activities such as deforestation and farming can lead to an increase in nutrients in nearby watersheds. As nutrient levels in the water increase, the algae population can increase to excessive levels. Blooms off of the Pacific Coast and Gulf of Mexico have increased in frequency over the 21st century, which scientists speculate may be due to global climate change. Algae blooms are considered harmful when the algae produce toxins that cause a deleterious effect on the ecosystem. P. australis produces domoic acid, which is what makes them dangerous to other organisms.
Effects on humans
Amnesic shellfish poisoning
Domoic acid can cause Amnesic Shellfish Poisoning (ASP) in humans that eat them. ASP is only a concern when algae in the ecosystem increases to high levels during an algal bloom. Shellfish are susceptible to accumulation of toxins due to their morphology as filter feeders. When they filter feed algae containing domoic acid, they can have accumulation of this toxin in their tissue. The poison has been detected in organisms such as mussels, oysters and clams and crabs. Physical symptoms in humans from ASP include diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and abdominal cramps. Neurological symptoms can include headaches, disorientation, dizziness, short-term memory loss, coma and death. Cooking organisms which have accumulated domoic acid will not reduce their toxicity.
Economics
Peudo-nitzschia australius algal blooms can have a negative effect on fisheries and local economies. Due to amnesic shellfish poisoning (ASP) and its major threat to human health, fisheries are required to close when domoic acid levels reach an unsafe level in order to protect human safety. In New Zealand, one fishery had to shut down for four years while the domoic acid levels were considered too high to be safe.
Notable Pseudo-nitzschia australis blooms
Monterey Bay
Monterey Bay, located in central California, experienced a toxic P. australis algal bloom in the spring of 2015 leading to detrimental ecological issues such as marine organism illness and mortality. This bloom was caused by an unusual prolonged period of oceanic warming and upwelling which created conditions that allowed for an explosion of the P. australis species. The increase of available nitrogen from upwelling allowed for an increase in domoic acid synthesis. This bloom event lead to the temporary closure of fisheries such as razor clam and crab fisheries up the west coast from California to Washington due to the harmful impacts of domoic acid on human health. The closure of fisheries led to a request from the governor of California for a federal disaster declaration Effects of this harmful algal bloom on wildlife included mortality and seizures of a wide variety of marine species off of the coast. Domoic acid was detected in marine mammals such as whales, dolphins, sea lions, seals, and porpoises.
French Atlantic Coast
The first noted occurrence of the unusual toxic bloom of pseudo-nitzschia species on the French Atlantic coast happened in 1995. Pseudo-nitschia species have been observed in the waters every spring and autumn since 2006, but in low quantities. 2010 was an outlier year in which there was a larger bloom most likely caused by upwelling and nutrient runoff from a large storm. Additionally, this was the first year the species P. australis had been observed. This bloom resulted in a ban on shellfish harvesting due to toxic domoic acid build up in bivalves off of the coast.
Puget Sound
The P. australis was first observed in Washington in razor clams in 1991. The levels of domoic acid were above USDFA standards from 1991 to 2003 on the coast of Washington State. The toxin causes amnesic shellfish poisoning (ASP) and so the coast was closed for shellfishing while a domoic acid monitoring program was established. After deaths from ASP occurred in 1940, there have been monitoring programs in Washington state to monitor domoic acid levels in marine organisms known for accumulating domoic acid.
Toxicity
Domoic acid (DA) is a neurotoxin known to cause Amnesic Shellfish Poisoning (ASP) in humans and other predators that consume contaminated aquatic organisms that have consumed P. australius. DA has been isolated in several species of red algae, but is produced mostly by members of the Pseudo-nitzschia genus.
The neurotoxicity of DA is due to its classification as a glutamate receptor agonist. An agonist causes an increase in cellular function, so it prolongs neurological signals after the signal should have ceased to exist. In the case of DA, glutamate receptors are activated to open ion-gated channels in neurons, which leads to a variety of neurotoxic effects. At high enough doses, an organism will die of DA poisoning, while sublethal levels may cause a diverse range of effects on the central nervous system. There have been many experimental studies performed on animals, in addition to analysis of animals that were poisoned by DA in nature. Experiments showed that mammals exhibit a variety of behavioral and motor impairments, such as seizing, scratching, twitching, yawning, and head-waving. Upon dissection, organisms exposed acutely and chronically to DA were found to have brain lesions along the hippocampus and limbic system. Additionally, gross cardiac lesions were found in California sea lions, and retinal lesions found in some but not all species examined. DA exhibits both acute and chronic toxicity, and has no known antidote.
Effects on marine life
Marine mammals and seabirds have displayed adverse effects when in contact with Domoic acid including neurological effects and mortality. However, organisms such as shellfish and fish can ingest and accumulate domoic acid without ill effects. Despite these organisms not being effected, they can contribute to toxicity accumulating in the organisms that eat them. Domoic acid can accumulate up the food chain and cause adverse effects in marine organisms that are in higher trophic levels. It can cause neurological syndromes, gastrointestinal syndromes, acute retina issues, motor sensory abnormalities, heart defects, and morphological brain changes.
References
Bacillariales
The and its twin they are sedans sold in Japan from 2001 to 2021 by Toyota. The sedans are designated as a compact car by Japanese dimension regulations and the exterior dimensions do not change with periodic updates. Unlike Toyota's other vehicles, the Premio and Allion are not exported, and are exclusively sold in Japan only. Size and pricing-wise, the E210 Corolla, introduced to the Japanese market in 2018 succeeds the Premio and Allion.
The Premio is the successor of the Corona which first appeared in 1957. The Corona EXiV, a four-door hardtop sedan that appeared in 1989, was replaced by the Progrès, which was also briefly available with the Premio until 2007. The Premio is exclusive to Toyopet Store dealerships, as a smaller companion to the Mark X.
The Allion replaced the Carina, a model that first appeared in 1970. The Carina ED, a four-door hardtop sedan that appeared in 1985, was replaced by the Brevis, which was briefly available with the Allion until 2007. The Allion is exclusive to Toyota Store dealerships, as a smaller companion to the Crown.
Both cars are related to the Avensis, which is an imported five-door liftback from Europe, available at all Japanese dealership locations. The Camry, which is the largest car exclusive to Toyota Corolla Store locations, is slightly larger, and based on appearance packages, offers the same luxury or performance features found in the Premio or Allion. The name "Premio" is a play on words for "premium", while "Allion" is created based on the phrase "all-in-one".
Mechanically, they are identical to the Avensis which is exported new internationally as well as sold in Japan. The Premio/Allion are only offered as 4-door sedans, while the Avensis is available only as a five-door liftback. The first generation Premio is an upscale, luxurious sedan in comparison to the Allion, which has a more youthful, sporting nature. Wood trim and chrome accents give the Premio an elegant look while the Allion is considered to be a sporty or executive type car.
Appearance modification options made for the first generation Allion are not made or marketed for the Premio. The second generation cars share the interior appearances and optional equipment, with exterior visual differences. Three options packages are offered with the three different engines offered, coupled with the choice of front- or four-wheel drive, thereby giving Japanese buyers options as to which annual road tax obligation they are willing to pay.
First generation (T240; 2001)
The first generation Premio and Allion were launched on 25 December 2001. The Premio sedan has a more elegant approach in comparison to the Allion, which has an emphasis towards younger buyers. The Premio and Allion share the same engines and interior. The Allion can be specced with front spoilers and rear mounted trunk wings, as well as ground effect body parts to enhance the vehicles appearance which are specially designed and sold by Toyota. The Allion also features rear tilting seats (similar to front seats). The Allion continues the Toyota tradition by being made in taxi usage, driving school and law enforcement versions.
On 20 December 2004, the Premio received a modest restyle with the introduction of LED tail lights. The Allion also received an update at the same time.
Both cars were offered with three engine sizes; 1.5-, 1.8- and 2.0-liter. The 2.0-liter model received a CVT; the smaller engines were each fitted with a four-speed torque converter automatic transmission.
Second generation (T260; 2007)
The second generation Premio and Allion were introduced on 4 June 2007, with Toyota continuing to offer appearance modifications at local dealerships. These cars continued to fill the gap between the Corolla and Camry. G-BOOK was on the list of optional features. The Premio gained the inclusion of a LED in the rear light cluster. Other changes included the smart entry and start system, a rear-view monitor in color, and a hard disk navigation system compatible with the G-Book mX telematics service.
Four-wheel drive was offered on vehicles equipped with the 1.8-liter 2ZR-FE engine. A 2.0-liter valvematic 3ZR-FAE engine was made available in January 2008, cutting the emission by 75 percent from the level required by the 2005 Japanese emission standards, and also achieving 20 percent better fuel economy than required by the 2010 fuel consumption standards. The transmission was a Super CVT-i. The 2.0-liter engine option was discontinued in July of 2020.
Fuel consumption figures for the 1.5-liter models were improved to , and the 1.8-liter models were improved to , both types now fitted with CVT. From 2 October 2009, fuel consumption for the 1.5-liter models was further improved to by improvements to the engine, transmission and alternator control.
First facelift (2010)
The Premio and Allion were revised on 20 April 2010 with more aggressive and sharper looking headlights and twin LED tail lights with the interior remaining somewhat same.
The 1.8-liter engine was changed from the 2ZR-FE to the Valvematic 2ZR-FAE, improving fuel consumption to . In June 2010, fuel consumption for the 1.5-liter models was improved to by improvements to engine and transmission control.
Second facelift (2016)
Toyota revised the Premio and Allion again on 13 June 2016 with a facelift. At the same time, "bi-beam" LED headlights and the collision avoidance system called "Toyota Safety Sense C" were introduced, adopting a styling influence from the larger, more prestigious S210 series Crown.
Discontinuation
On 1 December 2020, Toyota announced that the Premio and Allion would be discontinued from March 2021. This marked the end of the Corona lineage that was first introduced in 1957.
Chinese-market Allion (E210; 2021)
The Allion nameplate is also used as the long-wheelbase version of the E210 series Corolla for the Chinese market. Introduced at the Guangzhou Auto Show in November 2020, the Chinese-market Allion (, originally "傲澜" (); the change was made because the latter name may sound offensive to Teochew dialect speakers) was developed by the FAW Toyota joint venture. The wheelbase is stretched to or longer than the standard Corolla, while its body length is stretched to . Larger dimensions meant the Allion slots between the Corolla and the Avalon which is called the "A+ class sedan" segment in China.
References
External links
(Premio)
(Allion)
Premio
Cars introduced in 2001
2010s cars
2020s cars
Compact cars
Sedans
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Vehicles with CVT transmission
September Mourning is a hard rock band, which incorporates a transmedia dark culture project created by Emily Lazar and Marc Silvestri. The conceptual project was formed by frontwoman, vocalist, and screamer, Emily Lazar in New York in 2009. The concept narrative created by Lazar and incorporated in the band and their performances, centers around the fictional story of a human-grim reaper hybrid named September, as they navigate the worlds of the living and the dead. The character's human-side possesses the empathy to give some human souls a second chance. The story is presented on different media platforms, including music, comic books, and live concerts. The comic books are published by Top Cow Productions Image Comics.
History
Marc Silvestri of Top Cow Productions became involved after Lazar pitched the idea of the band to them via Myspace. Together, they developed the world and storyline of September Mourning. Lazar described the project:
In early 2009, Lazar began to focus on the project's music. Together with guitarist and programmer Chris Egert and guitarist James Duran, Lazar began writing songs and figuring out the sound for September Mourning. After moving from New York to Los Angeles in late 2010, Lazar became the only constant member. At the 2010 San Diego Comic-Con, Top Cow Productions announced the creation of Marc Silvestri and September's concept story, September Mourning, whose preview story summary would be published that year in the first edition of their Holiday Special. In late 2011, at the San Diego Comic Con, MTV Geek announced a partnership with Marc Silvestri and September to create webisodes based on the characters in the storyline September Mourning, as well as online comics and other media for their website, and David Hine signed on as writer for the series. The unfortunate cancellation of MTV Geek led to the webisodes never coming to fruition.
At the start of 2011, Egert and Lazar began self-producing an album containing the first demo songs written by the band. Melancholia was released on Repo Records exclusively in Germany on May 18, 2012, and features guest drummer Ryan Seaman of Falling in Reverse and bassist Phil Buckman of Filter. The album was mixed and mastered by Dave Ogilvie. On July 17, 2012, a demo of a new song, Before the Fall, co-written and produced by Sahaj Ticotin, and its music video, were featured in the TNA Wrestling commercial for their Hardcore Justice PPV August 2012. This single was released independently to the digital media outlets the following week and showcased the progression of the band's songwriting and move towards a more commercial sound. In September 2013 they played the Schecter Guitars party at NAMM. Lazar continued to develop the look and theatricality of the band and to write new material for the project. They played some one-off shows in the California area while being shopped to labels.
In early 2014 the band was signed to Virgin Records and started writing and recording their US debut. In mid 2014 a new song premiered on CrypticRock called "Superhuman", co-written by Kane Churko. Later that year, the band premiered a new song, "Children of Fate", co-written by Sahaj Ticotin and produced by Howard Benson on Loudwire. Sometime in 2015, their deal with Virgin Records was cut short because of the person that signed them into the label being terminated from their position. On July 12, 2015, September Mourning launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund the release of the first issue of a comic book connected to the project's storyline. The campaign achieved its funding goal in under 72 hours. In September, Loudwire premiered another track from their debut EP, Eye of the Storm. The EP, mixed and produced by Sahaj Ticotin, was released on October 2, 2015 through T-Boy Records.
The comic titled A Murder of Reapers, was released in October 2015 through Top Cow Productions/Image Comics alongside Volume I, the band's first release in the US. The Front Row Report said, "all components of the project's impact present the sensation of strength and vitality. With such a unique method of storytelling and direct communication of passion, September Mourning have set themselves up for success with Volume 1". Live-metal.net stated that "in less than 20 minutes, Volume I establish September Mourning as one of the few truly unique acts active today. The title implies this is the only beginning, which is a promising, exciting thought."
The band signed to Sumerian Records in March 2016, and released the music video for "Eye of the Storm". The full-length album, Volume II produced by Sahaj Ticotin, was released on July 29, 2016, alongside the second issue of the comic. Lazar stated that "Volume II is a continuation of the first step in our journey which began with our self-released EP, Volume I and A Murder of Reapers, the first issue of our comic book. Volume II follows our hero, September Mourning's tale throughout the second issue of the comic book entitled, The Hand of Fate". To promote the release, an animated lyric video for "Skin and Bones" premiered on Loudwire in July 2016. Later in July the album released, being produced by Sajah Ticotin and containing 12 tracks. In January 2017 the music video for "20 Below" was released. The song peaked at number 39 on Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks. The final single from the album "'Til You See Heaven" released in August.
In 2018 the band released two new singles "Empire" and "Glass Animals". At some point in 2019 they became independent and began works on their second EP, Volume III. In July the band released the first single off of the EP, "Unholy", accompanied by a music video that was a complication of footage from the band's previous live performances. The second single, "Hiding from Heaven" released in September accompanied with an animated music video representing September Mourning's comic book style. In December, two days before the official release of the EP, the third song was revealed called "Overdose" with its music video. The EP released on December 13, including four tracks. In April 2020 the band released the music video for "Madness".
On October 3, 2020, the song, "Wake the Dead", was announced with the release date of December 11. The song has been confirmed to be the first single from their new album, Volume IV. On December 11 the song released as expected. Their new single "Kill This Love" was announced on January 25 with the release date of February 19, after being teased the day before.
Band members
Current
Emily "September Mourning" Lazar – lead vocals, keyboards (2009–present)
Rich Juzwick – guitars, backing vocals (2014–present), bass (2018–present)
Kyle Mayer – drums (2018–present)
Aaron Hoover – guitars (2020–present)
Former
James Duran – guitars, bass (2009–2012)
Chris Egert – guitars, bass, programming (2009–2012)
Andrew Brown – bass (2011–2012)
Nobuaki Hayashi – guitars (2012)
Steve Podgorski – guitars (2012–2013)
Xavier Moreux – guitars (2014–2015)
Skot Christ – bass, backing vocals (2012–2013)
Shawn Cameron – drums (2012–2013)
Tommy Joe Ratliff – bass (2014–2015)
Clayton Ryan – bass (2015)
Jeriah Eager – bass (2015–2016)
Andy DeCicco – bass (2016–2018)
Kyle Ort – guitars (2015–2017)
Josh Fresia – drums (2014–2018)
Patrick Romanelli – guitars, backing vocals (2017–2020), bass (2018–2020)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Singles
References
External links
Top Cow Holiday Special Volume 1; December 2010 at the Comic Book DB
RVAFreaks; June 2010
/ 10 questions with Emily Lazar
American hard rock musical groups
American alternative rock groups
American electronic musicians
Musical quartets
Female-fronted musical groups
The Sea Bat is a 1930 American pre-Code melodrama thriller film directed by Lionel Barrymore and Wesley Ruggles, starring Raquel Torres, Charles Bickford and featuring Boris Karloff. Part of the film was filmed on location in Mazatlán, Mexico. The film was originally intended as a vehicle for Lon Chaney, but they were too ill from throat cancer to undertake the project and died on August 26, 1930. The film concerns a community of sponge divers who are harassed by a large and hostile manta ray.
Cast
Raquel Torres as Nina
Charles Bickford as Reverend Sims
Nils Asther as Carl
George F. Marion as Antone
John Miljan as Juan
Boris Karloff as Corsican
Gibson Gowland as Limey
Edmund Breese as Maddocks
Mathilde Comont as Mimba
Mack Swain as Dutchy
James Dime as the sailor
See also
List of monster movies
References
External links
1930 films
1930 drama films
1930s thriller drama films
1930 adventure films
American adventure thriller films
American black-and-white films
American monster movies
American thriller drama films
Films directed by Lionel Barrymore
Films directed by Wesley Ruggles
Giant monster films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films with screenplays by Dorothy Yost
Films with screenplays by Bess Meredyth
Underwater action films
Melodrama films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Rhodri James Alban Thomas (born 13 March 1942) is a Welsh former first-class cricketer.
Thomas was born at St Dogmaels, Pembrokeshire. They were educated at Radley College, before going up to Corpus Christi College, Oxford. While studying at Oxford, they played first-class cricket for Oxford University, making their debut against Warwickshire at Oxford in 1963. They played first-class cricket for Oxford until 1965, making a total of fifteen appearances. They scored a total of 622 runs in their fifteen first-class matches, at an average of 23.92 and with a high score of 135 not out. This score, which was their only first-class century, came against Northamptonshire in a high scoring match in 1963, which also saw Northamptonshire's Roger Prideaux score a double century.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
People from Pembrokeshire
People educated at Radley College
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Oxford
Welsh cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Carl Ray St.Clair (born June 5, 1952) is an American conductor.
Early life and education
Born in Hochheim, Texas, St.Clair went to school in Yoakum, Texas, and graduated from Yoakum High School. They attended the University of Texas and later studied conducting with Gustav Meier at the University of Michigan and Leonard Bernstein at Tanglewood. They were music director of the Ann Arbor Symphony Orchestra (Michigan) from 1985 to 1992, and of the Cayuga Chamber Orchestra (Ithaca, New York) from 1986 to 1991. Beginning in 1986, they were an assistant conductor with the Boston Symphony Orchestra. In 1990, they were a recipient of the Seaver/National Endowment for the Arts Conductors Award. St.Clair has served on the faculty of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville.
Success as a conductor
In January 1990, they conducted the Pacific Symphony for the first time, and on the success of that appearance, they were named the orchestra's music director, a position they still hold. During their Pacific Symphony tenure, they and the orchestra have commissioned and recorded several works, including Richard Danielpour's An American Requiem (Reference Recordings) and Elliot Goldenthal's Fire Water Paper: A Vietnam Oratorio (Sony Classical) with cellist Yo-Yo Ma. Other recordings include "Radiant Voices" and "Postcard" by composer in residence Frank Ticheli (Koch International Classics), and the two piano concertos of Lukas Foss (harmonia mundi). The orchestra and St.Clair hosts an annual festival of American composers, including "Uncharted Beauty: The Music of Lou Harrison" (2005–2006), "Los Sonidos de México" (2006–2007), and "The West — Music inspired by the American Frontier" (2007–2008).
In Europe, St.Clair was the principal guest conductor of the Radio-Sinfonieorchester Stuttgart from 1998 to 2004, where their work included a three–year recording project of the Villa–Lobos symphonies. They became Generalmusikdirektor (General Music Director, or GMD) of the Staatskapelle Weimar in 2005, a post they held for three years. In 2008 they took up the post of GMD of the Komische Oper Berlin, with an initial contract of six years, but in May 2010 they resigned effective with the end of the 2009/10 season.
In 2012, St.Clair was appointed to Principal Conductor and Artistic Leader of the Thornton Symphony Orchestra at the University of Southern California's Thornton School of Music.
St.Clair has worked on the creation and implementation of various symphony education programs, including "Classical Connections", "arts-X–press" and "Class Act". In 2006, they worked with the German Bundesjugendorchester (National Youth Orchestra).
On September 13, 2013, St.Clair was appointed Principal Conductor of the .
Personal life
St.Clair and their wife Susan live in Laguna Beach, California, with their three children.
References
External links
Komische Oper Berlin English-language biography
Pacific Symphony biography
Staatskapelle Weimar German-language biography
Profile, Schmidt Artists International
American male conductors (music)
20th-century American conductors (music)
21st-century American conductors (music)
University of Texas at Austin College of Fine Arts alumni
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance alumni
Southern Illinois University faculty
Thornton School of Music faculty
1952 births
Living people
People from DeWitt County, Texas
People from Laguna Beach, California
Classical musicians from Texas
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Vicious Circle is a 2008 drama film written and directed by Paul Boyd and starring Paul Rodriguez Jr., Emily Rios, and Trevor Wright.
Plot
Set on the streets of modern-day Venice Beach, Vicious Circle is a tragic punk rock Latino love story; a raw, edgy, teenage Romeo and Juliet with a murder mystery twist. We first see 18-year-old RJ (skateboard star, Paul Rodriguez Jr.) running through the streets of LA with a blood stained shirt and a gun in their backpack, leaving us to wonder, "What happened?" An artist and skater with a heart of gold, R.J. dreams of moving to New York City to pursue their dream of creating comic books. Their hand-made sketchbook demonstrates their unique talent and acts as a portal between fantasy and reality. A strong influence of the game of chess from RJ's incarcerated father permeates their art and life; RJ lives by the rules of the game and knows the repercussions of one bad move. Soon, RJ meets Angel (Emily Rios), a rebellious singer in a local teenage punk band. Their unexpected story of true love causes the tides to turn in both lives, and RJ reveals a secret that could cost the life of their new love.
Cast
Paul Rodriguez Jr. as R.J.
Emily Rios as Angel
Trevor Wright as Fin
Robert Zepeda as Smiler Sanchez
Richard Edson as John
Idalis DeLeón as Helena
Perrey Reeves as Sgt. Berger
Cody McMains as Alfred
Clifton Powell as Freddy
Paul Rodriguez Sr. as Professor
Angelyna Martinez as CeCe Sanchez
Drew Osborne as Young Fin
Mike Diaz as Sgt. Gomez
Magdaleno "Guic One" Robles Jr as friend of Smiler
Soundtrack
Release
Vicious Circle made its premiere at the 9th Annual New York International Latino Film Festival on July 25, 2008 at the Director's Guild Theatre. The film won Best Picture at 2008 HBO New York International Latino Film Festival. Vicious Circle also won the Audience Award at the 2008 Orlando International Film Festival and was an Official Selection at the 2009 Downtown Film Festival in Los Angeles.
Vicious Circle signed a distribution deal with Maya Entertainment in 2009.
Awards
External links
2008 films
2000s English-language films
2008 drama films
American independent films
Films set in California
Films based on Romeo and Juliet
American drama films
2008 independent films
2000s American films
LAX is an American drama television series set at the Los Angeles International Airport, drawing its name from the airport's IATA airport code, "LAX". The series premiered on September 13, 2004 on NBC, and aired through April 16, 2005.
Overview
LAX is a drama focusing on the day-to-day operations of the airport, with its runway manager, Harley Random (Heather Locklear), and its terminal manager, Roger de Souza (Blair Underwood). In the final episode, Harley leaves their job at the LAX after they are told by Roger that they want stability back in their life and no longer wants to be romantically involved with them
LAX premiered on NBC on September 13, 2004. Ten episodes aired before NBC announced in November 2004 that no further episodes would be produced. The show was moved to Saturdays at 8pm ET and the final episode aired on April 16, 2005. Thirteen episodes total were aired.
Cast
Main
Heather Locklear as Harley Random
Blair Underwood as Roger De Souza
Paul Leyden as Tony Magulia
Frank John Hughes as Henry Engels
Wendy Hoopes as Betty
David Paetkau as Nick
Recurring
Joel David Moore as Eddie Carson
Sasha Barrese as Caitlin Mansfield
Notable guests
Chad Todhunter as Mystery Man
Tony Hawk as Himself
Daniel Morton as a Serbian co-pilot
Sam Doumit as Rachel, Senator's daughter
Charisma Carpenter as Julie, Harley's sister
Episodes
Production
LAX (originally titled HUB, and then The Hub) was announced on NBC's development slate on December 19, 2003, after being scrapped by NBC during the previous development season in winter 2003. On January 14, NBC greenlighted production on the pilot. Anthony and Joe Russo signed on as directors of the pilot on February 6. On May 17, 2004 NBC announced that they had picked up the pilot to series. This show was not renewed for a second season.
Exterior shots for the pilot episode were filmed in Texas, although sources differ on whether Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport or Fort Worth Alliance Airport stood in for Los Angeles International. Many other scenes were filmed using a vacant terminal and a disused Boeing 727 at Ontario International Airport, interspersed with establishing shots of the real LAX airport.
The theme song for the show was the beginning of "Mr. Blue Sky" by Electric Light Orchestra. For the opening sequence of the final episode, a different excerpt of the song was used.
Broadcast and syndication
On February 22, 2014, it is announced reruns of LAX would air on Ion Television in fall 2014.
Reception
In a survey by Philips, LAX got 17% of the votes for most anticipated new series.
The show was frequently the butt of comedic jokes due to its poor ratings, including Jay Leno, who remarked the show was "so bad that the actual Los Angeles Airport is thinking of changing its name to avoid being associated with the show." The 13 episodes of the program averaged 6.52 million viewers.
LAX lost 19.09% of the viewers in its time slot versus the previous season, which was occupied by Third Watch.
References
External links
2004 American television series debuts
2005 American television series endings
2000s American workplace drama television series
Aviation television series
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Los Angeles International Airport
Homoseh quahote (meaning "orator of the stars" in Mohave) also called Seck-a-hoot, Sicihoot or Sickahoot in some English language sources; – ) was a hereditary leader of the Mohave.
Life
Homoseh quahote was a member of the Malika clan of Mohave and designated as Aha macave pipataho, which tribal elder Gwegwi nuor of the Oach clan translated as the leader "looked up to by the people because of the kind of person they are". In 1966, Gwegwi nuor provided the only known description of him:
In 1861, Homoseh quahote abdicated the position as leader of the Mohave to Irataba, who served in that capacity until at least 1866 or 1867, though opinions differ. By 1870, Seck-a-hoot had regained their position. The exact year of their death is unknown, but the last official correspondence from the Fort Mohave Indian Reservation that mention them are dated to 1872. They were succeeded as leader of the Mohave by their son, Empote quotacheech.
In 1867, Homoseh quahote was reported to have been part of a group that killed an entire party of 21 Hualapais after they had murdered a group of six American miners in the Fort Mohave area.
References
Bibliography
External links
Pipa Aha Macav – "The People by the River": The Official Website of the Fort Mojave Indian Tribe
InterTribal Council of Arizona – Colorado River Indian Tribes
Arizona Territory
First Nations history
Mohave tribe
Native American leaders
People of the American Old West
1800s births
1870s deaths
John Douglas, 7th Marquess of Queensberry (1779 – 19 December 1856), styled Lord John Douglas from May to December 1837, was a Scottish Whig politician.
Early life
Queensberry was the son of Sir William Douglas, 4th Baronet (died 16 May 1783), and their wife, Grace (née Johnstone) who died 25 March 1836, and succeeded their elder brother, Charles (1777–1837), in the marquessate in December 1837.
Career
The same year they were appointed a Lord-in-waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) in the Whig administration of Lord Melbourne, a position they held until the government fell in 1841. Between 1837 and 1850 they also served as Lord-Lieutenant of Dumfriesshire.
Personal life
On 16 July 1817, Douglas married Sarah (died 13 November 1864), daughter of James Sholto Douglas. They had two children :
Archibald William Douglas, 8th Marquess of Queensberry (1818–1858), who married Caroline Margaret Clayton, daughter of Gen. Sir William Clayton, 5th Baronet, in 1840.
Georgiana Douglas (born in 1819)
Lord Queensberry died on 19 December 1856 and was succeeded in the marquessate by their only son, Archibald.
Descendants
Through their son Archibald, they were a grandfather of Lady Gertrude Georgiana Douglas (who married Thomas Stock), John Sholto Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry, Lord Francis William Bouverie Douglas, Reverend Lord Archibald Edward Douglas, Lady Florence Caroline Douglas, and Lord James Edward Sholto Douglas (who married racehorse breeder Martha Lucy Hennessy).
References
1779 births
1856 deaths
John Douglas, 7th Marquess of Queensberry
Lord-Lieutenants of Dumfries
Marquesses of Queensberry
Matt Knowles (born October 7, 1970) is a former U.S. soccer defender who spent most of their career playing indoor soccer. However, they also spent time in the American Professional Soccer League in the early 1990s and Major League Soccer.
APSL
Knowles grew up in Philadelphia and attended Archbishop Ryan High School from 1985 to 1988. Most sources state that Knowles turned professional immediately after high school. Knowles went on to play at Wake Forest University but left after 2 seasons and turned pro. they signed with the Penn-Jersey Spirit of the American Professional Soccer League (APSL). In 1991, Knowles played nineteen games with the Spirit, scoring one goal. The Spirit folded at the end of the 1991 season and Knowles moved to the Fort Lauderdale Strikers for the 1992 APSL season. While they were an integral part of the Spirit, Knowles saw time in only three games with the Strikers. In 1993, they moved to the Tampa Bay Rowdies where their playing time increased to nine games. In 1997 Knowles signed with Philadelphia Kixx and making it the highest contracted in the indoor game at 130,000 per season. They played both indoor and outdoor for the next 8 seasons.
NPSL
In 1990, Knowles signed with the expansion Illinois Thunder of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL) They spent two seasons with Illinois, earning NPSL Defender of the Year honors for the 1991–1992 season. That season, they scored forty-five goals in forty games as a defender. In addition to their Defender of the Year Award, Knowles was selected to the first team All NPSL team. The Thunder moved to Denver at the end of the 1991–1992 season, and Knowles played three games there before being traded to the Milwaukee Wave. In the fall of 1993, they tore the anterior cruciate ligament in their right knee. The injury put them out of all but five games of the 1993–1994 season. They bounced back the next season, gaining ninety-four points, making them the second highest scorer on the Wave. They continued their excellent play in the 1995–1996 season, earning their second Defender of the Year title and first team All NPSL recognition while racking up 123 points on 47 goals and 36 assists.
Their indoor success brought them to the attention of Major League Soccer (MLS) as that league was beginning operations in 1996. In February 1996, the MetroStars selected Knowles in the first round (ninth overall) in the league's Inaugural Player Draft. While Knowles signed with the MetroStars, they continued to play indoor soccer during the MLS off-season.
While Knowles experienced considerable success with the Wave, they had frequent disagreements with the Wave's ownership. This led to theirs expressing a desire to be traded. On December 26, 1996, the Wave acquiesced to Knowles desires and traded them to the Cleveland Crunch for Glenn Carbonara, Todd Dusosky, Obi Moneme and cash. They were injured while in Cleveland and saw little playing time. On July 29, 1997, Knowles bought out the remaining three years of their contract with the Crunch and signed as a free agent with the Philadelphia KiXX. In the 1997–1998 season, their first in Philadelphia, Knowles experienced a resurgence which led to their third Defender of the Year award. After one more season with the KiXX, Knowles moved to the Detroit Rockers. Knowles played two seasons in Detroit before the Rockers folded at the end of the 2000–2001 season.
In 2001, the Harrisburg Heat picked up Knowles in the dispersal draft. That year, the NPSL disbanded and the surviving NPSL franchises created a new league, the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). At some time in 2002, Knowles moved from the Heat to the Kansas City Comets. On October 2, 2002, the Comets traded Knowles to the Philadelphia KiXX in exchange for Matt Caution. However, Knowles again experienced a considerable number of injuries and spent most of the season on the injured-reserved list.
MLS
Following theirs being drafted by the MetroStars in February 1996, Knowles spent two and a half seasons with the team. While they played nearly every game of the 1996 season, they were injured during the 1996-1997 NPSL season. This led to their sporadic playing time with the MetroStars during the 1997 and 1998 seasons. On July 1, 1998 traded to the expansion Miami Fusion for a third round College Draft pick. They played out the remainder of the 1998 seasons with the Fusion, but played in only three games. The Fusion also sent them on loan to the Staten Island Vipers for one game. At the end of the 1998 season, Knowles left outdoor soccer to concentrate on their more successful indoor career.
External links
MetroStars profile
References
1970 births
Living people
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
American Professional Soccer League players
North Carolina Fusion U23 players
Cleveland Crunch players
Denver Thunder players
Detroit Rockers players
Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1988–1994) players
Harrisburg Heat players
Illinois Thunder players
Major Indoor Soccer League (2001–2008) players
Major League Soccer players
New York Red Bulls players
Miami Fusion players
Milwaukee Wave players
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
Penn-Jersey Spirit players
Philadelphia KiXX players
Staten Island Vipers players
Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–1993) players
USL First Division players
Association football defenders
Quintessenz Leipzig Flute Ensemble is a flute quintet from Leipzig, Germany. Its members are five musicians of the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig, the MDR Symphony Orchestra, and the Staatskapelle Halle. The group plays music from every musical epoch and nearly every style.
History
Quintessenz Leipzig Flute Ensemble was founded in 1996. The British a cappella-band King's Singers, and the Bamboozles, a flute quintet of five students of Trevor Wye, served as examples. The idea of an ensemble that consisted of musicians who played the same instruments in different voices excited the five flutists from Leipzig.
At first, Quintessenz met in private to play Jazz. As they all are trained as classical and not as jazz flutists they soon developed a characteristic sound. From the beginning, everything they played had their classical education as its basis.
Out of a lack of literature for flute quintets, Quintessenz began to arrange their own musical pieces. For this reason, they did not only use music for quintets of different kinds but also adapted symphonic pieces, piano literature, and completely different music. Thus they began to compile their own programs.
In 1999 Quintessenz recorded their first CD, followed by three more. 2006 the ensemble was invited by Trevor Wye to the flute festival of the British Flute Society in Manchester. Since then they performed at various international festivals, inter alia in New York City in August 2009, hosted by the National Flute Association of the United States.
A few years ago Quintessenz started to focus on the support of young flutists. In cooperation with the regional music council () and the Jeunesses Musicales Germany they hosted several workshops for flute chamber music.
Programs
Because of their particular music style, the Quintessenz programs also have a special character. There is always a main topic or theme that organizes the repertoire. This theme can be related to both music or composers (Mozartimento), but also countries (America!) or literary themes (Tour de France). In addition to that, Quintessenz has several special programs that combine music and poetry (Hymn to fish, All those birds). For those, they are assisted by professional stage actors who recite poems to the respective topic.
A special form of these programs is the "musical promenade". The audience is invited to walk through the landscape together with “Quintessenz”, playing music at different places.
Additional programs are for example "A Midsummer Night's Dream" – the program for the Mendelssohn year 2009. Parts of the music of the Midsummer Night's Dream are the frame, replenished with pieces about summer, night, and elves.
Members
Anna Garzuly
Anna Garzuly was born in Szombathely, Hungary. They studied in Budapest, Munich, and New York City. Them teachers included Paul Meisen and Jeanne Baxtresser. Garzuly has been the Associate Principal Flute of the Gewandhausorchester in Leipzig since 1995. They have won numerous prizes at international competitions such as those in Scheveningen, Kobe, Budapest and Geneva. Anna Garzuly is much in demand as a soloist, teacher and as a competition judge.  They are the principal flute of the Quintessenz ensemble.
Jérémie Abergel
Jérémie Abergel was born in Paris, France. They studied in Berlin at the Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler, in Freiburg and in Frankfurt.
Shortly after completing their studies, they began their professional career as both a chamber and orchestral musician, performing in orchestras such as the Dresdner Philharmonie, Deutsche Oper Berlin, Konzerthaus Berlin and the MDR Sinfonieorchester. They played with the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig for three years. Following a short engagement in Chemnitz, they took the position of principal piccolo at the Staatsoper Hannover.
Since 2019 they are a member of the Bayreuther Festspiele orchestra and the Leipzig flute ensemble, Quintessenz.
Manfred Ludwig
Manfred Ludwig was born in Erding, Bavaria. They studied in Munich at the Richard Strauss Conservatory with Phillippe Boucly and at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover with Prof. Andrea Lieberknecht and Gudrun Hinze.
In 2008 they joined the Academy of the Bayerische Staatsoper München. After several years as acting Co-principal Flute for the Gewandhausorchester Leipzig, they were appointed as second flute in 2013. They have played with Quintessenz since 2016.
Bettine Keyßer
Born in Potsdam, Bettine Keyßer studied flute with Dietrich Hoenow in Berlin, with Eric Kirchoff as well as in Birmingham, Alabama as the student of Sheryl Cohen. Keyßer was principal piccolo player of the Norddeutsche Philharmonie Rostock before becoming assistant principal flute of the Staatskapelle Halle starting in 1999. Today, they are performing the alto flute with Quintessenz.
Christian Sprenger
Christian Sprenger is a native of Berlin. After completing their studies with Werner Tast in 1989 their career began with the Leipzig Gewandhausorchester as assistant principal flutist. In 1995 they became principal flutist of the MDR-Sinfonieorchester. Sprenger has also won several prizes in various competitions. They pursue an active career as soloist and chamber ensemble player with concert tours in the United States, Turkey, Italy, and England.  They are the bass player and head of the ensemble Quintessenz.
Discography
1999: Bonsoir
2003: Arabesques
2006: America!
2007: Tour de France
Notes
External links
Official Website
"Flute Focus" Magazine CD Review "Tour de France"
Album review "Tour de France"
Label homepage "Genuin"
Musical groups established in 1996
German classical flautists
Erik Petrus Antonius Maria Bakkers (born 18 December 1972, in Kaatsheuvel) is a professor at the physics departments of both the Eindhoven and Delft Universities of Technology. Their research concentrates on the growth and properties of semiconducting nanowires, the use of wires for solar cells, thermoelectric devices, and quantum computation. They received their PhD from the Utrecht University with the thesis "Charge transfer between semiconductor nanocrystals and a metal", which was focused on charge transfer between quantum dots. They worked at Philips Research labs in Eindhoven for 9 years before moving back to academia. Bakkers received the Technical Review award from MIT in 2007, a VICI award in 2010, and the Science AAAS Newcomb Cleveland Prize in 2013.
Bakkers was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2020.
References
External links
Profile at Google Scholar
1972 births
Living people
21st-century Dutch physicists
Eindhoven University of Technology faculty
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
People from Loon op Zand
Utrecht University alumni
Ignaz Trollmann von Lovcenberg (Steyr, 25 November 1860 – Graz, 23 February 1919), was a general in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I and commander of the 19th Corps.
Biography
Trollmann became in 1880 an officer in the infantry, in 1887 General Staff Officer, in 1903 Colonel, and in 1910 Major General. In 1913 they became Field marshal lieutenant and commanded the 18th Infantry division at the outbreak of World War I.
In 1914, Trollmann participated at the head of their army division in the failed attack against Serbia. In 1915 they led the Combined Corps in the successful Gorlice–Tarnów Offensive against the Russians. They gained their greatest victory on 8–12 January 1916, when their 19th Corps stormed and took the heavily fortified and considered impregnable Mount Lovcen during the Montenegrin Campaign. They also took Cetinje a few days later.
After Montenegro's subjugation, Trollmann became in the same year General of the Infantry. In 1916–17, they remained in Albania on the Salonika front at the head of their 19th Army Corps. For taking Mount Lovcen, they were ennobled in 1917 as baron with the style of Freiherr Trollmann von Lovcenberg.
In October 1917 they were released from command of the 19th Corps and sent on leave. They received no new field command and retired from the Army at the end of the war. They died a few months later.
External links
http://www.austro-hungarian-army.co.uk/biog/trollmann.htm
1860 births
1919 deaths
People from Steyr
Austro-Hungarian military personnel of World War I
Austro-Hungarian generals
Theresian Military Academy alumni
Howard Colwell Hopson (May 8, 1882 – December 22, 1949) was an American business person who was convicted of defrauding Americans of more than $20 million (roughly a million dollars in ). Hopson built their company, Associated Gas and Electric (AG&E) into one of the largest electricity providing companies of the era. At its peak, AG&E was the country's third largest provider of electricity, and the fifth largest holding company.
Born in 1882, Hopson went to the University of Wisconsin and George Washington University. After being hired by both the Interstate Commerce Commission and New York Public Service Commission, they struck out on their own and opened a consulting company. In the late 1910s, Hopson purchased a controlling interest in Associated Gas and Electric, and would grow it into multi international company serving 2 million people. In the late 1930s, Hopson was discovered to have stolen $20 million from the company and sentenced to years in prison. They were released in 1943, and died in 1949.
Hopson quickly became a figurehead of robber barons and corruption, and their example led directly to the passing of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, Securities Act of 1933, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Early life
Hopson was born in 1882 in Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin, the son of a nursery salesperson (Edgar Delos Hopson (December 16, 1851 – June 11, 1913), and Mary Colwell (November 28, 1856- November 14, 1930). In their early years, Hopson worked in a brick and wire factory, sold newspapers, and edited a country newspaper. They attended the University of Wisconsin, studying under Richard T. Ely and working as an assistant to John R. Commons, in 1901, and got a master's degree at George Washington University. Hopson served as the assistant editor of the Jefferson County Union, a local newspaper. In 1907, they were hired by the Interstate Commerce Commission. The following year, Hopson gained a law degree, and their M.A. in 1910, being admitted to serve before the Supreme Court three years later. They married Elanor Evans of Binghamton, New York on August 5, 1921. They later in 1923 committed suicide by jumping out of an apartment.
On October 26, 1908 the New York Public Service Commission hired Hopson as a secretary of the President, five years later placing them as its head of Division of Capitalization. From 1908-1915, they were one of the key men in New York public utility regulation. Later in their life, Hopson was known to boast that "the only laws they couldn't get around were the ones they themselves wrote." It was later alleged that Hopson's rise in the Public Service Commission was due to their friendship with John Dix and the former chairperson of the commission. By then recognized as one of the foremost experts in public utilities, Hopson left the Public Service Commission in 1915, to open a consulting business (H.C. Hopson and Company) at 61 Broadway in New York City. Their company handled the business of American Telephone & Telegraph, The Consolidated Gas Company of New York, and the Electric Bond and Share Company. By 1921, Hopson was earning $100,000 a year.
Associated Gas and Electric
Hopson purchased, with John I. Mange, the Associated Gas and Electric Company of New York for $298,318.19. At the time, the company served 44,000 clients and had 3.5 million dollars in earnings. American Gas and Electric was a holding company organized in 1906 that owned several other gas companies.
Ithaca Gas Light company was founded in 1852. It supplied gas to 28 customers, was formed with a capital of $75,000. It became AG&E on March 19, 1906, through the efforts of William T. Morris. At the time, it was composed of 14 different companies, with a total value of $1.2 million. By 1914, those 14 companies were consolidated to four, and eventually they were united under the New York State Gas and electric corporation. Several other companies both in upstate New York, Kentucky, and Tennessee made up AG&E's portfolio. When Hopson purchased a controlling interest in AG&E, they immediately began buying up more companies, expanding into Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and the Philippines. In the 1930s, the assets of American Gas and Electric were well over $1 billion, and they had revenues of $133 million. They served 1.75 million customers in 6,000 communities. At its peak, AG&E was made up of over 250 corporations (sometimes placed as high as 522, and occasionally as high as "5,800 names") providing electricity, steam, ice, water, and transportation in 26 states, Canada, and the Philippines to 20 million people.
Eventually, it became the nation's third largest electricity producer, producing 9% of the United States' electricity, behind J. P. Morgan's United Corporation (23%), and Samuel Insull's various holding companies (11%). In addition, AG&E became one of the top five largest holding companies. The stock of AG&E peaked at $61 a share, and about 500,000 people invested over $1 billion in the company.
Scandal
In 1935, senator Hugo Black began investigating multiple utility companies who may have influenced the vote on the Wheeler-Rayburn Act. The bill, which would have imposed a 'death sentence' on holding companies (unless they could justify their existence), was heavily opposed by members of the Committee of American Utility Executives, who sent about 97,000 telegrams to members of the house in the days preceding the vote on the bill.
The investigation began studying large propaganda campaigns that had occurred beginning in 1919. A study undertaken by the Federal Trade Commission in 1934 stated that "measured by quantity, extent, and cost, this was probably the greatest peace-time propaganda campaign ever conducted by private interests in this country." Black uncovered 250,000 telegrams, many of which were forged. Uncovered by Denis J. Driscoll, the investigators were clued into the forgery by the high prevalence of last names in the beginning of the alphabet, with B's making up 14% of the total. The forgery was discovered when a Western Union operator testified that "During the time the bill was between the House and the Senate, Mr. Herron [an official of Utilities Investing Corporation, which itself was a subsidiary of A. G. & E., a prominent holding company] would come in almost daily for a period of an hour... or two ... and they would dictate these messages to me and the signatures, and their signatures were obtained from a list which they had in their hand, or from the city directory." Signatures were also gained by bribing messenger boys, with them often being paid 3 cents per signature. The corporations paid for many lobbyists, and oftentimes bought controlling interests in newspapers, or dropped them from their advertising list.
In August 1935, Hopson admitted to attempting to change the policy of major newspapers. They threatened to drop advertising from The New York Times, the Hearst companies, Scripps Howard and many local papers as well. Hopson also sued newspapers for libel, including suing the Atlantic Monthly, The New Republic, and Survey Graphic.
It was found that AG&E had spent $875,531.95 on lobbying, and furthermore had not paid out dividends in several years. It was revealed that, though AG&E ended cash and stock dividends in 1931-32, the income of Hopson was above $500,000 every year from 1922-33. In 1935, Hopson was subpoenaed, and did not show up, leading to a nationwide 'Hopson Hunt'.
When Hopson was finally brought to court, the two chambers of Congress came into disagreement about who would get to question him. "the controversy between the committees of the House and Senate is child's play that is a representative of Congress." the Atlanta Constitution reported. They later compromised on both 'sharing' the questioning.
AG&E and Hopson's examples led the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 to be passed. In the years following, AG&E (in a desperate attempt to avoid being broken up) consolidated, planning to bring the number of companies they owned down to 60 companies. In 1938, Hopson retired, taking an additional $18.7 million in bonds and billing themselves for providing services to their companies.
Wallowing in massive amounts of debt, on January 10, 1940, Associated Gas & Electric filed for bankruptcy. In the insolvency that followed, states and local communities filed nearly 400 lawsuits against the company. In November 1940 shareholders charged Hopson with fraud (the charges were for a total of 85 years in prison). On January 9, 1940, they were found guilty and sentenced to five years in prison on 17 counts of mail fraud by Alfred Conkling Coxe Jr., and an additional two for income tax evasion. Hopson, at the time nearly insane from the effects of tertiary syphilis went to federal prison, in Lewisberry, Pennsylvania.
In the bankruptcy of Associated Gas & Electric, Denis J. Driscoll and William Thorp were appointed to deal with the settlement and break up/reorganization of the company. In approving the reorganization, the SEC stated that AG&E was simply "media for a gigantic scheme to hinder, delay and defraud." The direct descendant of AG&E was the General Public Utilities corporation, and the New York State Gas and Electric Company. Other companies spun off include the Canadian Power Corporation, and Rochester Gas and Electric. Several other companies formed from AG&E are Metropolitan Edison Company, Pennsylvania Electric Company, Jersey Central Power & Light, today all part of FirstEnergy. The shareholders of 'senior debt' received $.08-.40 on the dollar, with shareholders of 'junior debt' being completely wiped out.
Death
After being released from prison in 1943, Hopson spent most of the rest of their life in Brooklea Sanatorium. Hopson died on December 22, 1949, in Greenwich, Connecticut, as a result of a cerebral hemorrhage.  They are buried in Mount Auburn Cemetery, Cambridge Massachusetts.
Notes
References
Bibliography
1882 births
1949 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
People from Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
George Washington University alumni
Businesspeople from New York (state)
American people convicted of fraud
Abul Ahsan Choudhury (born January 13, 1953) is a poet, researcher and folklorist of Bangladesh.  They are the senior professor of the Department of Bengali at the Islamic University, Bangladesh.  They are active in research and academic matters home and abroad. They received a Bangla Academy Literary Award in 2009.
Biography
Choudhury was born in Mazampur, Kushtia, Bangladesh. Their father, Fazlul Bari Chowdhury, was a writer, social worker and former honorary magistrate. Their mother is Saleha Khatun. They received their Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Dhaka in 1975, graduating with honours. They received their Master of Arts degree in 1976 and their Ph.D. from the same university in 1995.
They have been
Features editor, The Weekly Swadhin Bangla (newspaper on the Liberation War) — 1971
Editor, The Weekly Jagoroni, Kushtia, Bangladesh — 1972
Editor, Loko Sahitya Patrika (quarterly), Kushtia, Bangladesh — 1975-84
Editor, The Islamic University Studies, Islamic University, Kushtia, Bangladesh — 998
Editor, Islami Biswabidyalaya Barta (quarterly), Islamic University, Kushtia, Bangladesh — 2000
Edited three books on Hason Raja: Proshongo Hason Raja, Hason Rajar Gan and Hason Raja: The minstrel of the mystic soil — 2009
Publications
Choudhury has published two books of poetry, Swadesh Amar Bangla (1971) and Nilkantha Jiban Tumi (1974), and a range of research publications, including on Fakir Lalon Shah, Mir Mosharraf Hossain and Kangal Harinath Mazumder. They also write a newspaper column.
Awards
Lalon Award, West Bengal Lalon Mela Shomittee, India, 2000
Sayed Abdur Rob Sambardhana, Faridpur, 2001
Bangiya Sahitya Parishad Award, Kolkata, 2008
Bangla Academy Literary Award, 2009
References
External links
Bengali Department Islamic University of Bangladesh
Bangladeshi male writers
Islamic University, Bangladesh faculty
1953 births
Folklorists
Living people
Recipients of Bangla Academy Award
University of Dhaka Faculty of Fine Arts alumni
Nikola Živković (; 1792–1870), known as Hadži-Neimar (Хаџи-Неимар), was the chief builder during the first reign of Serbian Prince Miloš Obrenović (1817–39). Born in Voden (now Edessa, Greece) in 1792, they likely are schooled in Thessaloniki or Athens, where they had relatives. It is unknown when they moved to Serbia. Their wife, Kostadinka Karkaljer, was from Magarevo (now North Macedonia). They had four daughters and a son. They died at Belgrade in 1870.
A construction worker and contractor by trade, they became Obrenović's chief builder, entrusted with building all governmental- and royal buildings between 1820 and 1850.  They are sometimes called an architect, although it remains unknown if there was an actual architect behind the works. The most notable buildings are Princess Ljubica's Residence and Residence of Prince Miloš.
References
19th-century Serbian people
Architecture of Serbia
Principality of Serbia
1792 births
1870 deaths
People from Edessa, Greece
Serbian people of Greek descent
Royal Consort Gwi-in of the Pungyang Jo clan (귀인 조씨) (1842 – 1865) was a concubine of King Cheoljong of Joseon.
Biography
Lady Gwi-in came from the Pungyang Jo clan. At the age of 17 (the 10th year of King Cheoljong's reign), they entered the palace as a gungnyeo (궁인). On February 22, 1859, they became a concubine of the Gwi-in (귀인) rank, and their first son, who died soon after birth, was born on November 7, 1859. On January 15, 1861, they gave birth to another prince.
Lady Jo died in 1865 (the 2nd year of Emperor Gojong's reign), at the age of 24, and the funeral rites were held at the residence of their father-in-law, Grand Internal Prince Jeongye. Them tomb was initially located in Pocheon, Gyeonggi Province, but was later moved to the Seosamneung Cluster, in Goyang.
Popular culture
They were portrayed by Seol In-ah in the 2020 TV series Mr. Queen.
References
1842 births
1865 deaths
Royal consorts of the Joseon Dynasty
Jetsun () or Jetsunma (; the "ma" suffix is feminine) is a Tibetan title meaning "venerable" or "reverend." It is a specific term applied to revered teachers and practitioners of Vajrayana Buddhism. The title is applied to adepts and learned lamas such as Jetsun Milarepa. "Je" (Wylie transliteration: rJe) refers to those of high rank, including kings and nobles; "tsun" (Wylie transliteration: bTsun) refers to 1) those of noble rank, 2) those who are monastics, or 3) those who combine the three characteristics of being learned, noble, and good. The two together emphasize the honorific while "tsun" applies the term specifically to ecclesiastics.
In terms of Jetsunmas, the title could refer to:
Jetsunma Chime Tenpai Nyima (rje btsun ma 'chi med bstan pa'i nyi ma) (b. 1756)
Jetsun Chonyi Dechen Tsomo
Jetsunma Dechen Wangmo
Jetsun Dolma
Jetsunma Ahkon Lhamo
Jétsunma Khandro Yeshé Réma
Jetsunma Kushok Chimey Luding, sister of Sakya Trizin
Jetsunma Niguma
Jetsun Milarepa
Jetsunma Mingyur Paldron, Minling Jetsunma Mingyur Peldron (smin gling rje btsun mi 'gyur dpal sgron, (1699-1769), daughter of Terton Terdak Lingpa
Jetsunma Pema Trinle
Jetsunma Shukseb, Shukseb Jetsun Choying Zangmo (shug gseb rje btsun chos dbyings bzang mo, (1865-1951)
Jetsunma Tamdrin Wangmo Kelzang Chokyi Nyima (rje btsun ma grub pa'i rta mgrin dbang mo skal bzang chos kyi nyi ma) (1836-1896)
Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo, a well-known western yogini
Jetsunma Thinley Chodron
Jetsunma Tsewang Lhamo (1874-1950)
Jetsun Pema, Queen consort of Bhutan
Jetsun Pema, activist
Mindrolling Jetsün Khandro Rinpoche
Jetsun Namgyal Wangchen (1934-2015) one of Tibets the greatest living masters
Footnotes
Bernard Stewart, 4th Seigneur d'Aubigny (French: Bérault Stuart) (c. 1452 – 15 June 1508) was a French soldier, commander of the Garde Écossaise, and diplomat belonging to the Scottish family of Stewart of Darnley.
Early life
Bernard was the grandson of Sir John Stewart of Darnley, who was given the lands of Aubigny-sur-Nere and Concressault by Charles VII of France for their service during the Hundred Years' War. Like their father and grandfather they were high in favour with the French King and was chosen as commander of the royal bodyguard. Because of their family background they were chosen as the envoy to James III of Scotland to announce the accession of King Charles VIII of France. They were also given the task of signing a treaty with the Scots renewing the Auld Alliance, which they proceeded to sign on 22 March 1484.
Battle of Bosworth
The Lord of Aubigny was also the medium of communication with the section of Scottish lords who favoured Henry Tudor, Earl of Richmond in their rebellion against their distant cousin King Richard III of England. Henry was still an exile living in France along with the chief supporters of the House of Lancaster, the experienced John de Vere, 13th Earl of Oxford and Henry's uncle Jasper Tudor, 1st Duke of Bedford. They relied heavily on the French king to finance the army and to be able to provide foot soldiers capable of fighting. In 1485, Bernard Stewart was chosen to command the French troops that accompanied the invasion and helped the Earl of Richmond become King Henry VII of England at the Battle of Bosworth Field establishing the Tudor Dynasty.
Italian wars
In 1494, Charles VIII of France laid claim to the Kingdom of Naples and sent the Lord of Aubigny to Rome to press their claims to Pope Alexander VI. When Alexander refused to recognize Charles' claim to Naples the king raised an army of 25,000 men (including 8,000 Swiss mercenaries) and began their descent into Italy. Stewart received orders from Charles VIII to lead one thousand of the king's cavalry over the Alps and into Lombardy and after taking part with Charles in the conquest of Romagna accompanied them in the triumphal entry into Florence on 15 November 1494. After this victory Stewart was made governor of Calabria and lieutenant-general of the French army.
The French quickly overran the disunited Italian peninsula and arrived in Naples on 21 February 1495, King Ferdinand II of Naples having fled to Sicily at the arrival of the French army. There, in temporary exile, Ferdinand joined their cousin Ferdinand II of Aragon King of Spain and Sicily who offered them assistance to regain their kingdom. In response to Charles' invasion the League of Venice was created, which threatened to cut the invading army off in the south while the league occupied the north cutting the line of communications and supply. On 30 May 1495, Charles split their army taking half of their troops northward to fight their way back into France and leaving the rest to hold the recently conquered Neapolitan territories. After hard fighting at the Battle of Fornovo, Charles and most of the French army made it safely back to France leaving Stewart and the rest of the army to fight off the expected Spanish invasion.
The Spanish general Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba was dispatched from Spain with an army to reinforce the king of Naples. On 24 May 1495, they arrived in the port of Messina in Sicily, only to find that Ferdinand had already crossed over into Calabria with an army and had reoccupied Reggio. De Córdoba themselves crossed over to Calabria two days later. They had under their command 600 lances of Spanish cavalry, many of these light jinetes, and 1,500 infantry, many of them Rodeleros swordsmen, to which were added 3,500 soldiers from the Spanish fleet. The size of the Neapolitan army is unclear, but soon was supplemented by 6,000 volunteers from Calabria, who joined the Neapolitan ranks when Ferdinand of Naples landed. De Córdoba's Spanish contingent was further depleted because they needed to put Spanish garrisons in several fortified places which Ferdinand turned over to Spain in partial compensation for the military aid Spain was providing. Although they were seriously ill with malaria which they had recently contracted, Aubigny lost no time in responding to the allied challenge, quickly consolidating their forces to confront the Neapolitan/Spanish invasion by calling in isolated garrisons throughout Calabria and requesting that Précy reinforce them with the Swiss mercenaries. In the following Battle of Seminara the Spanish and Neapolitan armies were routed by the French cavalry and Swiss pikemen led by the Scotsman Aubigny.
Stewart also took part in the 1499 campaign of King Louis XII of France and upon its successful conclusion was made Governor of Milan with command of the French army that was left behind by the king to garrison the towns of northern Italy. In 1501 they completed the conquest of Naples and was appointed Governor. But, after a few successes in Calabria, they were completely defeated at the second Battle of Seminara (1503) and became a prisoner at the Castel Nuovo in Naples until they were released by a truce signed on 11 November 1503.
Later life
In 1508 they were sent as ambassador to consult King James IV of Scotland about the marriage of Princess Claude of France with the future King Francis I of France. It was as a result of this mission that Aubigny became the subject of two ballads by William Dunbar, "The Ballad of Lord Bernard Stewart" and "Elegy on the Death of Lord Bernard Stewart". The French king made them a member of the Order of St Michael. They died in Scotland at Corstorphine about 12 June 1508.
 They are buried in the aisle of Corstorphine church. The grave is said to have had a cross of fine gold. Its presence (in French "Cruce D'or Fin") giving the name to the area.
They were the author of a book on military science, Traité sur l'art de la guerre, reprinted in 1976.
Marriage and titles
They married firstly Guillemette de Boucard, secondly Anne de Maumont (died after 1510), Countess of Beaumont-le-Roger, becoming Count (jure uxoris) of Beaumont-le-Roger. They were granted the titles of Count of Arena, Marquis of Squillace, Marquis of Girace and Duke of Terranuova in the Kingdom of Naples.
Aubigny left one child, a daughter named Anne. Anne married their first cousin, Robert Stewart, a future Marshal of France.
References
Contamine, Philippe, "Entre France et Écosse: Bérault Stuart, seigneur d'Aubigny (vers 1452–1508), chef de guerre, diplomate, écrivain militaire", in James Laidlaw (ed.) The Auld Alliance: France and Scotland over 700 years. Edinburgh University, Edinburgh, 1999.
Coombs, B. Identity and Agency in the Patronage of Bérault Stuart d'Aubigny: the Political Self-Fashioning of a Franco-Scottish Soldier and Diplomat. The Mediaeval Journal, 7:1 (2017)
1450s births
1508 deaths
Bernard
French people of Scottish descent
Court of James IV of Scotland
Bernard
French generals
Military leaders of the Italian Wars
People associated with Edinburgh
French military historians
Garde Écossaise officers
French male writers
Sybil Leek (née Fawcett; 22 February 1917 – 26 October 1982) was an English witch, astrologer, occult author and self-proclaimed psychic. They wrote many books on occult and esoteric subjects, and was dubbed "Britain's most famous witch" by the BBC.
Personal life
Sybil Leek was born on 22 February 1917 in the village of Normacot in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, England to a comfortable, middle-class family. They claimed to have been descended from the historical Molly Leigh, who had been accused during the witch hunts. In their book The Complete Art of Witchcraft, pg 21, they call this 800 year family beneficial relationship with 'our ancient Celtic form of Witchcraft' and occultism. At the age of 16 they married their music teacher, though they died two years later, whereupon Leek returned to live with their grandmother, quitting the Witchcraft research association. They later stayed with an acquaintance in Lyndhurst, in the New Forest, and claimed to have spent some of the following years living amongst the New Forest gypsies. When they were 20, Sybil returned to their family, who had now moved to the edge of the New Forest. They opened three antique shops; one in Ringwood, one in Somerset, and one in the New Forest village of Burley. They soon moved to Burley herself, into a house behind the shop Lawfords of Burley.
Them eccentric habits as a self-described witch soon resulted in problems. Media interest grew, and Sybil became tired of the attention from news reporters and tourists. Chris Packham, in a BBC article about her, quoted a contemporary saying, "people either thought they were a bit of a joke or a fraud." Although the village itself benefited from the extra tourism and visitors, some were unhappy with the extra traffic and noise. Them landlord eventually refused to renew their lease, prompting Leek to move away from the area and emigrate to the United States of America.
United States
When Leek moved to America, they became an astrologer, describing astrology as their "first love". In April 1964, an American publishing house wanted Sybil to speak about their new book A Shop in the High Street, and they were invited to appear on To Tell the Truth, a TV programme in the States; their appearance occurred on 13 April 1964. They took the opportunity to go, and flew to New York City, where they gave many interviews. While in New York, they were contacted by Hans Holzer, a parapsychologist, who invited them to join them investigating hauntings and psychic phenomena. They went on to do numerous TV and radio programmes on the subject. They would later move to Los Angeles, where they met Israel Regardie, an authority on Kabbalah and ritual magic.
Views
Strong in the defence of their beliefs, Leek sometimes differed and even quarrelled with other witches. They disapproved of nudity in rituals, a requirement in some reconstructed traditions, and was strongly against the use of drugs, but they were at odds with most other witches in that they did believe in cursing. They also claimed to have had an out-of-body experience.
Them student Christine Jones stated that Leek "mixed truths with untruths liberally, causing great harm as they went."
Death
They died of cancer on 26 October 1982 at the Holmes Regional Medical Center in Melbourne, Florida.
Books
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders sortable"
|+
|-
! scope="col" | Title
! scope="col" | Year
! scope="col" | Publisher
! scope="col" class="unsortable" | ISBN
|-
! scope="col" | A Shop in the High Street (1st UK edition)
! scope="col" | 1962
! scope="col" | Jarrolds
|-
! scope="col" | A Shop in the High Street (1st US edition)
! scope="col" | 1964
! scope="col" | David McKay Company
! scope="col" | Lib. Congress 64-15886
|-
! scope="col" | Diary of a Witch
! scope="col" | 1968
! scope="col" | Prentice Hall
! scope="col" | Lib. Congress 68-18514
|-
! scope="col" | The Sybil Leek Book of Fortune Telling
! scope="col" | 1969
! scope="col" | The Macmillan Company
|-
! scope="col" | Numerology: The Magic of Numbers
! scope="col" | 1969
! scope="col" | Macmillan
|-
! scope="col" | How To Be Your Own Astrologer
! scope="col" | 1970
! scope="col" | Cowles Book Company
|-
! scope="col" | The Sybil Leek's Astrological Guide to Successful Everyday Living
! scope="col" | 1970
! scope="col" | Prentice Hall
! scope="col" |
|-
! scope="col" | Telepathy, The 'Respectable Phenomenon'''
! scope="col" | 1971
! scope="col" | The Macmillan Company - Book Club edition
|-
! scope="col" | The Complete Art of Witchcraft! scope="col" | 1971
! scope="col" | a Signet Book New American Library
! scope="col" | Lib. Congress 70-159974
|-
! scope="col" | The Astrological Guide to Financial Success! scope="col" | 1972
! scope="col" | Grosset & Dunlap
|-
! scope="col" | My Life in Astrology! scope="col" | 1972
! scope="col" | Prentice Hall Book club edition
|-
! scope="col" | The Story of Faith Healing! scope="col" | 1973
! scope="col" | Macmillan Publishing Company
|-
! scope="col" | Sybil Leek's Book of Herbs! scope="col" | 1973
! scope="col" | Cornerstone Library, Simon & Schuster
! scope="col" |
|-
! scope="col" | Tomorrow's Headlines Today! scope="col" | 1974
! scope="col" | Prentice-Hall, Inc.
|-
! scope="col" | Reincarnation: the Second Chance! scope="col" | 1974
! scope="col" | Stein and Day
! scope="col" |
|-
! scope="col" | Sybil Leek's Book of Curses! scope="col" | 1975
! scope="col" | Prentice-Hall,Inc. Book Club Edition
|-
! scope="col" | Star Speak, Your Body Language from the Stars! scope="col" | 1975
! scope="col" | Arbor House
! scope="col" |
|-
! scope="col" | Sybil Leek's Book of the Curious and Occult! scope="col" | 1976
! scope="col" | Ballantine Nonfiction
! scope="col" |
|-
! scope="col" | Dreams| scope="col" | 1976
| scope="col" | W. H. Allen
|-
! scope="col" | Sybil Leek on Exorcism. Driving Out The Devils| scope="col" | 1976
| scope="col" | W. H. Allen
|-
! scope="col" | Astrology And Love. Be a Better Lover| scope="col" | 1977
| scope="col" | Berkley Publishing Corp.
|-
! scope="col" | Moon Signs: Lunar Astrology| scope="col" | 1977
| scope="col" | W. H. Allen
! scope="col" |
|}
Magazines
References
Sources
Bramshaw, Vikki. Craft of the Wise: A Practical Guide to Paganism & Witchcraft. .
The Raveness. Molly, Sybil and Crowley a popular poem from their book Lavinia : Volume one. (2006) .
Leek, Sybil, Diary of a Witch'' (Prentice-Hall, 1968).
External links
Sybil Leek Memorial Page
Lovestarz.com article on Sybil Leek
BBC article on Sybil Leek
controverscial.com article on Sybil Leek
A Biographical Sketch of a Friend & Acquaintance of Aleister Crowley
1917 births
1982 deaths
English astrologers
20th-century astrologers
English occult writers
People from Longton, Staffordshire
English psychics
New Forest folklore
Heltonville is an unincorporated community in Pleasant Run Township, Lawrence County, Indiana, United States.
History
Heltonville was platted in 1845. It was named for its founder, Andrew Helton, who had opened a store at the site some time before 1839. The Heltonville post office was established in 1846.
Education
Heltonville Elementary School, a school for students in kindergarten through fifth grade, educates approximately 100 students per year. In 2013, Heltonville Elementary received a rating of "1" out of 5 by the Indiana Department of Education.
Notable people
Damon Bailey, NBA basketball player
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Shire of Manjimup is a local government area in the South West region of Western Australia, about south of the state capital, Perth. The Shire covers an area of , and its seat of government is the town of Manjimup.
History
The Shire area was first included in the Plantagenet, Wellington and Sussex Road Districts in 1871. Later the area was included in the Nelson Road District.
The Shire of Manjimup originated as the Warren Road District, which was gazetted on 3 July 1908, initially consisting of seven elected members. It was renamed the Manjimup Road District on 23 January 1925. On 1 July 1961, it became the Shire of Manjimup following the passage of the Local Government Act 1960, which reformed all remaining road districts into shires.
Wards
The Shire is divided into six wards, most of which were renamed at the 2003 election. The shire president is elected from amongst the councillors.
Central Ward (Manjimup) (four councillors)
Coastal Ward (Northcliffe) (one councillor)
East Ward (Perup) (one councillor)
North Ward (one councillor)
South Ward (Walpole) (one councillor)
West Ward (Pemberton) (two councillors)
Localities
The Shire of Manjimup is divided into 36 localities:
Heritage-listed places
As of 2021, 270 places are heritage-listed in the Shire of Manjimup, of which 16 are on the State Register of Heritage Places.
References
External links
Manjimup
Pál Titkos (8 January 1908 – 8 October 1988) was a Hungarian footballer. They played for MTK Hungária FC and the Hungary national football team. They scored two goals in the 1938 FIFA World Cup, including one in the final itself.
They coached MTK Budapest FC and Egypt.
Honours
Player
Hungary
FIFA World Cup: Runners-up 1938
Head coach
Egypt
Africa Cup of Nations: 1959
References
Hungarian footballers
Hungary international footballers
Hungarian football managers
Hungarian expatriate football managers
MTK Budapest FC players
MTK Budapest FC managers
Egypt national football team managers
Expatriate football managers in Egypt
1938 FIFA World Cup players
1908 births
1988 deaths
1959 African Cup of Nations managers
Association football forwards
Al Ahly SC managers
Zalaegerszegi TE managers
Nemzeti Bajnokság I managers
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Footballers from Budapest
Remastering Project () is a music video remastering project by South Korean record label SM Entertainment and YouTube. The project intends to remaster music videos from the 1990s to the 2000s. It also plans to showcase the history of K-pop to international music fans to contribute to the growth of the Korean music industry. Remastered music videos were sequentially released starting from November 4, 2021.
History
Through SM Congress 2021, SM Entertainment's chief executive officer (CEO), Lee Sung-soo, introduces the company's plan in advancing into the K-pop 2.0 era with prosumers who created original content and Re-Created content. The said plan will carry out various projects such as the company's remastering project for music and music videos, Pink Blood project to promote and support prosumers, and SM Classics. H.O.T. member, Kangta, introduced SM's Remastering Project, where music videos that have been released in the past will be remastered with new quality, planning, and visuals. Kangta stated that one could feel the "freshness" of that era looking at a quality of 4K resolution. They further revealed that SM then joined hands with YouTube to showcase the history of K-pop and introduce it through the online video platform to contribute to the growth of the Korean music industry.
Through an online press conference held on November 4, 2021, SM Entertainment and YouTube announced the remastering project for K-pop music videos. The Remastering Project is a project to remaster music videos from the 1990s and 2000s and showcase them to global music fans through the online video platform. It is planned to introduce the history of K-pop to international music fans by conducting various campaigns using YouTube. YouTube will release music videos of various K-pop artists through cooperation with the distributors and agencies such as Ogam Entertainment, Genie Music, Collab Asia, the Recording Industry Association of Korea, and NHN Bugs, with more suitable quality for digital platforms. Moreover, the two companies will also collaborate with various YouTube creators to promote the project.
Videography
For the project, SM Entertainment plans to showcase more than 300 remastered music videos and songs on YouTube's original channel as it is considered a "valuable asset" of the company and part of the K-pop history that "cannot be found anywhere else". Music videos of about 50 artists will be released sequentially every week starting from November 4, 2021 under the themes of 1990s dance and 2000s dance & hip-hop.
Remaster
Remake
References
External links
Official website
SM Entertainment
YouTube
Charles Louis Bretagne de La Trémoille (15 March 1683 – 9 October 1719), 6th duke of Thouars, was the son of Charles Belgique Hollande de La Trémoille and Madeleine de Créquy, daughter and heiress of Charles III de Créquy.
They became duke of Thouars upon their father's death in 1709. They were also count of Laval and Montfort and inherited the ancient French claim to the Kingdom of Naples. The Neapolitan claim gave the family the rank of princes étrangers at the French court. The Duke made a career in the military as well as at Versailles: they were brigadier of cavalry (January 1709), first gentleman of the King's chamber (June 1709), governor of Thouars (July 1709), and Maréchal de camp (February 1719).
Their sister Marie Armande Victoire de La Trémoille married Emmanuel Théodose de La Tour d'Auvergne.
On 13 April 1706 they married Marie-Madeleine Motier de La Fayette (1691–1717), the daughter of Rene-Armand, marquis de La Fayette and Marie-Madeleine de Marillac, and granddaughter of the author Marie-Madeleine Pioche de la Vergne, comtesse de la Fayette. They had one child, Charles Armand René de La Trémoille, born in 1708.
Ancestry
References
Sources
Georges Paul, Dr Pierre Balme et Marie-Louise Le Verrier, Une grande famille d'Auvergne Les Motier de La Fayette, imprimerie de Bussac, parution en 1951.
Endnote:
For a detailed genealogy of the family and its alliances see Louis Moréri, Dictionnaire historique: Annuaire de la noblesse française (1856 and 1867).
1683 births
1719 deaths
Charles Louis Bretagne
Dukes of La Trémoille
Dukes of Thouars
17th-century French people
18th-century French people
People of Byzantine descent
18th-century peers of France
Exxon Corp. v. Exxon Insurance Consultants International Ltd [1982] Ch. 119 is a leading decision in English law on the existence of copyright in a name alone and the infringement of a trademark. The Court found that typically there is no copyright in a name, invented or otherwise, and that a trademark can only be infringed when the infringing party shares part of the market segment.
The Plaintiff, Exxon Corp, had claimed the copyright of the word and went on to file an injunction to stop the defendant company from using the word 'Exxon', under Exxon's copyright claim to its own name under English Copyright law, protecting 'original literary works' and further asked the defendant company to remove the word from the company name. However, Judge Oliver decided to not grant the injunction to an infringement of copyright and noted that the word did not qualify for copyright protection as an ′original literary work′. This is because it conveyed no information, provides no instruction nor pleasure and is furthermore merely a combination of letters from the alphabet.
Judge Graham quoted '"if the plaintiffs' argument is right .... the consequences would be far-reaching and probably in many cases objectionable'. On appeal it was further emphasised by Lord Justice Stevenson that 'I am not sure whether this ["Exxon"] can be said to be a "work" at all; I am clearly of the opinion that it cannot be said to be a 'literary work'.
trademark
With regard to the trademark, the Court found that the use of this word by the defendants, who work in a field that in no way shares a market segment with the plaintiff, in no way dilutes the plaintiff's brand name nor infringes on its trademark.
References
1981 in British law
1981 in case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
ExxonMobil litigation
Trademark case law
United Kingdom copyright case law
United Kingdom intellectual property case law
The North Carolina Open is the North Carolina state open golf tournament, open to both amateurs and PGA professionals. It is organized by the Carolinas section of the PGA of America, and both state opens run by the Carolinas section, the North Carolina Open and the South Carolina Open, are the only ones in the United States that prohibit non-PGA professionals from competing. It has been played annually since 1965 at a variety of courses around the state.
Winners
2021 Spencer Oxendine (amateur)
2020 Kelly Mitchum
2019 Ryan Tyndall
2018 Patrick Cover (amateur)
2017 David Kocher (amateur)
2016 David Kocher (amateur)
2015 Justin Tereshko (amateur)
2014 Nathan Stamey
2013 Spencer Lawson (amateur)
2012 Charles Frost
2011 Scott Harvey (amateur)
2010 David Rogers
2009 Steve Isley
2008 Karl Kimball
2007 Marc Matalavage (amateur)
2006 Billy Anderson
2005 Tim Straub
2004 Bob Boyd
2003 Greg Sweatt
2002 David Thore
2001 Stephen Isley
2000 Bob Boyd
1999 Karl Kimball
1998 Gus Ulrich
1997 Rick Morton
1996 Gus Ulrich
1995 Bob Boyd
1994 Randy Fuquay
1993 Jeff Lankford
1992 Randy Fuquay
1991 Chris Tucker
1990 Chris Tucker
1989 Roy Hunter
1988 Rick Morton
1987 Les Stradley
1986 Stuart Taylor
1985 Stuart Taylor
1984 Jack Lewis Jr.
1983 Waddy Stokes
1982 Tim Collins
1981 Thad Daber (amateur)
1980 Jack Lewis Jr.
1979 Jack Lewis Jr.
1978 Tim Collins
1977 Harvie Ward
1976 Terry Wilcox
1975 Sam Adams
1974 Terry Wilcox
1973 Bob Bryant (amateur)
1972 Bob Galloway
1971 Bob Spence
1970 George Smith
1969 Roger Watson
1968 Phil Hatley
1967 Dale Morey (amateur)
1966 Gene Hamm
1965 Billy Harvey (amateur)
External links
PGA of America – Carolinas section
List of winners
Golf in North Carolina
PGA of America sectional tournaments
State Open golf tournaments
Recurring sporting events established in 1965
Transporter-1, or Transporter 1, may refer to:
Transporter-1, a January 2021 spaceflight launch, that carried a record-setting 143 satellites to orbit on a single rocket
The Transporter, the first movie in the Transporter franchise, succeeded by three sequels, and a television series
Cassida prasina is a greenish coloured beetle in the leaf beetle family.
Distribution
The species is found in the western Palearctic realm and from East to West China, including the provinces of Jilin and Xinjiang.
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1798
Taxa named by Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger
Beetles of Asia
The flag of Belize was adopted on 21 September 1981, the day Belize became independent. It consists of the Coat of Arms on a blue field with red stripes at the top and bottom.
British Honduras obtained a coat of arms on 28 January 1907, which formed the basis of the badge used on British ensigns. The coat of arms recalls the logging industry that first led to British settlement there. The figures, tools, and mahogany trees represent this industry. The national motto, Sub Umbra Floreo, meaning "Under the Shade I Flourish", is written in the lower part of the coat of arms.
Description
The flag is royal blue, with a white disc at the centre containing the national coat of arms held by a mestizo and a man of African descent. The flag of Belize is the only country to have humans depicted as a major design element on its national flag, although the flag of Malta contains an image of Saint George on the badge of the George Cross, and the flags of British overseas territories Montserrat and the Virgin Islands, and that of French Polynesia also depict humans. Several other countries' flags have human body parts depicted. The flag of Brunei has human hands, and the flags of Uruguay and Argentina both have human facial features depicted in a personified sun.
The flag is bordered at top and bottom by two red stripes. In all, the flag incorporates 19 different colours and shades, making it one of the most colourful national flags in the world.
The colours on the flag are respectively those of the country's national parties, the People's United Party (PUP), and United Democratic Party (Belize) (UDP). The UDP, established in 1973, had objected to the original blue and white design, those two colours being the PUP's representative colours.
The two red stripes at the top and bottom were added to the original design at independence. The coat of arms was granted in 1907. Red stripes were added to denote the colour of the opposition party. The 50 leaves recall 1950, the year PUP came to power.
History
From 1950 onward, an unofficial national flag was in use. It was blue, with the coat of arms on a white disc in the centre (sometimes a blank white circle was used as the coat of arms; AND was difficult to draw).
In 1981, Belize gained its independence and a competition was held to design a national flag for the country. The winning submission consisted of the unofficial national flag used by the People's United Party with a red border added to all four sides. This was changed to a red border on just the top and bottom before the design was officially adopted. The winning design, which was also known as the "Flag of Unity" was made by two government officials: Everal Waight, Public Secretary, and Inez Sanchez, Chief Education Officer.
There were no standardised specifications for the flag of Belize until 2019. The hue of the flag's colours, proportions, the shading of the two men, and other elements often varied. In 2019, the National Celebrations Commission started a standardisation process of the flag with consent from both the PUP and the UDP. They planned to have the standardised flags be hoisted on 1 September 2019, the National Flag Day of Belize. There are plans to formalise the standardisation through national legislation.
Historical flags
Other flags
References
External links
Flags introduced in 1981
National flags
Flag
Flags introduced in 2019
Black people in art
Ernest Errott Thompson (February 20, 1892 – December 7, 1961) was a blind street musician from Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who was one of the earliest country musicians to be recorded in the United States. In their sessions with Columbia Records in 1924, Thompson recorded many songs that today are considered among the most iconic from country music's early history, including "Are You from Dixie?", "Old-Time Religion", "Bury Me Beneath the Willow", "Wreck of the Southern Old 97", "Life's Railway to Heaven" and "Little Rosewood Casket".
Blinded as the result of a work-related accident in their late teens, Thompson spent most of their life as a street musician, singing to their own accompaniment on guitar and harmonica. In 1924, they were discovered by a Columbia A&R (Artist & Repertoire) representative who signed them to a recording contract. Thompson traveled to New York City for three recording sessions that year and returned in 1930 for two more sessions. However, sales of their records proved disappointing, and Columbia cancelled their contract. After a couple sessions with another label, Thompson's recording career ended, and they returned to their life as an itinerant musician, playing on the streets well into their fifties.
Early life
Thompson was born in 1892 in Clemmons, North Carolina, a suburb of Winston-Salem. When they were 18, they severely injured their eyes in an accident in the saw mill where they worked. They soon became blind. From around 1912 to 1914, they attended the North Carolina School for the Blind and Deaf in Raleigh learning to make brooms and mattresses and tune pianos. Around this time, Thompson began honing their musical skills. Music seemed a more preferable way to earn a living than what their training suggested, so they took to the streets as a musician, a career path followed by many blind virtuosos in the 1910s and 1920s, such as Andrew Jenkins, Reverend Gary Davis, Blind Lemon Jefferson, Ed Haley, and Willie McTell.
In 1917, Thompson married Bettie Viola Hauser, but after four years they experienced a mental breakdown and was institutionalized the rest of their life. Meanwhile, they continued to eke out a living playing on the streets as well as at schools, dances and other gatherings.
Recording career
In 1924, William S. Parks, the A&R representative for Columbia Records in Atlanta, was looking for "hillbilly" musicians to record and had recently recruited another blind musician, Riley Puckett, who would become one of the record company's most successful artists of the mid-1920s. Through Columbia's dealership in Winston-Salem, Parks learned about Thompson and immediately drove to the musician's small farm just outside the city. After listening to them play one song after another, Parks was convinced they had found what they were looking for and immediately offered to take the musician to New York City to record their songs. Thompson jumped at the opportunity. In April they recorded some 20 songs at Columbia's New York studios and returned in September to perform another dozen songs.
The recordings opened opportunities for Thompson to perform in Winston-Salem and the surrounding region. Their new-found success made it possible for them to replace the low quality guitar they had been playing with one of Gibson's top models, and they were able to buy an automobile for friends to drive them to engagements. Meanwhile, Thompson constantly worked on developing their skills, becoming adept at 26 instruments, including banjo, mandolin, fiddle, cello, autoharp, piano and drums.
Thompson returned to New York in September 1930 for two more sessions with Columbia, but only a few of the songs they recorded were released. Realizing the supply of traditional material was limited and that audiences were developing more sophisticated tastes, record companies began looking for new sounds and new songs. As a result of the changing market and Thompson's less than encouraging sales, Columbia dropped them from its roster. The musician made one last attempt at recording, with the Gennett label in Indiana, but when only four of the 14 sides they recorded were released, they returned to their life as a street musician.
In the early 1930s, Thompson began traveling with Cora Pistollious, a street performer who was mostly blind and who became their second wife. With the Great Depression worsening, the two turned up destitute in Baltimore. Somehow they managed to return to North Carolina, where Thompson spent the rest of the 1930s through the end of World War II playing in relative obscurity. By the late 1940s, Thompson's livelihood was being curtailed by city ordinances against street performers, and their health was beginning to decline.
Death
In 1949, Thompson and Cora moved to High Point just east of Winston-Salem in Guilford County. They eventually are admitted to the Guilford County Home in nearby Greensboro where they died of heart failure in 1961.
References
1892 births
1961 deaths
People from Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Country musicians from North Carolina
American street performers
Blind musicians
20th-century American singers
American male guitarists
American harmonica players
Banjoists
Songwriters from North Carolina
Svyato-Dukhov Monastery (Monastery of the Holy Spirit) may refer to Eastern Orthodox monasteries:
Monastery of the Holy Spirit (Vilnus)
Monastery of the Holy Spirit (Vitebsk)
Who the Fuck Are Arctic Monkeys? is the second EP by English rock band Arctic Monkeys, released on 24 April 2006 by Domino Recording Company. This is the band's final record to feature Andy Nicholson on bass, as they left the band a month after the EP's release.
Background
"The View from the Afternoon" was expected to have been the band's third single, following UK number ones "I Bet You Look Good on the Dancefloor" and "When the Sun Goes Down", but the band announced in March 2006 that its next record would be a five-track EP, which thereby disqualified it from being listed in the UK Singles Chart and UK Albums Chart.
"Despair in the Departure Lounge" was premiered at a gig in the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco, although it was played by Alex Turner alone due to Andy Nicholson blowing their bass amplifier. This would also be the only time the band played the song live.
Although the contentious language content of the EP resulted in less radio airplay than the band's earlier releases, the nature of their rise to fame and their lack of reliance on radio meant that this was not a concern for the band.
Track listing
Personnel
Alex Turner – lead vocals, lead and rhythm guitar
Jamie Cook – rhythm and lead guitar, backing vocals
Andy Nicholson – bass guitar, backing vocals
Matt Helders – drums, backing vocals
Charts
Release history
References
Arctic Monkeys albums
2006 EPs
Domino Recording Company EPs
Franz Anton Gottfried Frölich (1805 – 1878) was a German entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.
 They are not to be confused with Josef Aloys Frölich, their father, also an entomologist but specialising in Coleoptera. Franz Anton Gottfried Frölich wrote several supplements to the works of Jacob Hubner — See Francis Hemming, "Hübner: A bibliographical and systematic account of the entomological works of Jacob Hübner, and of the supplements thereto by Carl Geyer, Gottfried Franz von Frölich, and Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer". London: Royal Entomological Society of London, 1937. 2 volumes.
References
Speidel, W. Aarvik, L.(2002) Synonyms of European Tortricidae and Noctuidae, with special reference to the publications of Hubner, Geyer and Frolich.Nota Lepidopterogica 25:17-22.
1805 births
1878 deaths
German lepidopterists
Date of birth missing
Date of death missing
19th-century German zoologists
Shiran Fernando (born 4 May 1993) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Lankan Cricket Club in the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 9 December 2016. In November 2019, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for the 2019 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup in Bangladesh.
In May 2021, they were named in Sri Lanka's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Bangladesh. The following month, they were also named in Sri Lanka's squad for their tour of England. In July 2021, they were named in Sri Lanka's squad for their series against India. The following month, they were named in the SLC Blues team for the 2021 SLC Invitational T20 League tournament. In October 2021, they were added to Sri Lanka's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup as a reserve player.
In January 2022, they were named in Sri Lanka's ODI squad for their series against Zimbabwe. Later the month, they were named in Sri Lanka's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against Australia. The following month, they were named in Sri Lanka's T20I squad for their series against India.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Lankan Cricket Club cricketers
Moor Sports Club cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
The women's 3000 metres event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 1 March.
Results
References
Results
3000 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
3000
1998 in women's athletics
This article shows the previous rosters of GKS Katowice volleyball team at PlusLiga in Poland.
2019/2020
The following is the GKS Katowice roster in the 2019–20 PlusLiga.
2018/2019
The following is the GKS Katowice roster in the 2018–19 PlusLiga.
2017/2018
The following is the GKS Katowice roster in the 2017–18 PlusLiga.
2016/2017
The following is the GKS Katowice roster in the 2016–17 PlusLiga.
References
PlusLiga squads
Zygaenosia flavonigra is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by van Eecke in 1924. It is found in Papua New Guinea.
References
Nudariina
Moths described in 1924
Zygaenosia
Byambajavyn Enkhbaatar (born 18 December 1950) is a Mongolian sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Mongolian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Mongolia
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kasagi Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 0.6 km2. The dam can store 399 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1957.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1957 establishments in Japan
Francisco Primo de Verdad y Ramos (June 9, 1760, hacienda Ciénega del Rincón Jalisco – October 4, 1808, Mexico City) was a New Spain lawyer and politician and a proponent of independence from Spain. They were imprisoned by the Spanish authorities for their advocacy, and died in prison.  They are considered one of the protomartyrs of Mexican independence.
Born at the hacienda of Ciénega del Rincón in what is now the Municipality of Ojuelos de Jalisco in the State of Jalisco but was then under the jurisdiction the village of Santa María de los Lagos (nowadays Lagos de Moreno); from the religious point of view, the hacienda of Ciénega del Rincón, belonged to the Parish Church of the actual city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes. Francisco Primo de Verdad y Ramos studied in the College of San Ildefonso in Mexico City, graduating as a lawyer. They were a student of the American and French Revolutions, and of Jean-Jacques Rousseau. Their friend and comrade Licenciado Juan Francisco Azcárate y Ledesma later described them as a "true scholar" (sabio).
In 1808, they were a member of the Cabildo (city council) of the ayuntamiento (city government) in the capital of the viceroyalty. They were a Criollo by virtue of their birth in America, and a prominent member of the Criollo party in government. Criollos were prominent in the agitation for autonomy or independence from Spain, and this agitation was increasing. The Cabildo of Mexico City was composed of professional men, Criollos. It is possible that Primo de Verdad was also a member of one of the secret societies working for the independence of the colony, but that is not known with certainty.
Independence of Mexico
On March 19, 1808, at the summer palace of Aranjuez, King Carlos IV of Spain was forced to abdicate a court faction that removed Prime Minister Godoy--a French puppet and the Queen's lover. The nobles, the Church, and the army acclaimed the Infante Fernado as Fernando VII. Napoleon's troops occupied Madrid and they invited Carlos IV and Fernando VII to Bayonne, France, where they forced both to abdicate in favor of their brother Joseph Bonaparte in May 1808. News of this second abdication was received in Mexico on July 11, 1808. The way now seemed open for the Criollo, party to achieve autonomy for New Spain. An old Spanish law was invoked that in the absence of the head of state, sovereignty reverts to the people, expressed through their representatives in the Cortes. The application of this law would allow a legal route for New Spain to weaken its ties with Spain. This was arguably an attempt to preserve the monarchical constitution in the face of foreign aggression, rather than a subversion of it.
On July 19, councilmen Azcárate y Ledesma and Primo Verdad presented a plan to form a provisional, governing junta for an autonomous New Spain, with Viceroy José de Iturrigaray at its head. The justification for this was that the mother country was now occupied by foreign troops, and the royal family was being held prisoner. The plan was accepted by the viceroy and the Cabildo, but not by the Audiencia. (Just as the Cabildo was dominated by liberal Criollos, the Audiencia was dominated by conservative Peninsulares, large landowners and wealthy business people born in Spain.)
On August 9, 1808, at a meeting of Notables called to debate the situation, Primo de Verdad spoke in favor of popular sovereignty. Some of the oidores (members of the Audiencia) spoke in rebuttal, declaring the proposal seditious and subversive. Inquisitor Bernardo Prado y Ovejero declared it heresy and anathema. The Notables adopted an intermediate position — New Spain would recognize no supreme authority other than the king of Spain, now considered to be Ferdinand VII.
On August 31, 1808, the crisis took a sharper turn with the arrival of Juan Gabriel Jabat, representative of the Junta of Seville, and a message from the Junta of Asturias. Both juntas requested New Spain's recognition as the legitimate government of Spain, thus providing evidence of the lack of any legitimate government in the country.
On September 1, 1808, Melchor de Talamantes, a Peruvian priest and the intellectual leader of the Criollo party, delivered two tracts to the Cabildo, in favor of separation from Spain and the convoking of a Mexican congress.
On September 15, 1808, the Spaniards opposed to independence and popular sovereignty, headed by the rich business person Gabriel J. de Yermo, staged a coup. Viceroy Iturrigaray was deposed and Primo de Verdad, Melchor de Talamantes and other members of the Criollo party were arrested. The viceroy was replaced with General Pedro de Garibay. Primo de Verdad and others were imprisoned in the jail of the archbishop, subject to trial. With this seizure of power, Yermo and the Peninsulares initiated a "half century of uprisings and coups d'état", in both colonial and independent Mexico (Fuentes Mares, p. 81).
Death
On October 4, 1808, Primo de Verdad was found dead in their cell, of suicide or murder. Circumstances suggested the latter and poison was suspected, but that was never proven. Today in Mexico Francisco Primo de Verdad y Ramos is revered as one of the protomartyrs of Mexican independence.
Notes
References
"Verdad y Ramos, Francisco Primo de," Enciclopedia de México, v. 14. Mexico City, 1988.
Fuentes Mares, José. Biografía de una nación: de Cortés a López Portillo. Mexico City: Océano, 1982.
Primo de Verdad y Ramos, Francisco, "Memoria Póstuma", en Genaro García, Documentos Históricos Mexicanos, v. II. Mexico City: Comisión Nacional para la Celebración del 175 Aniversario de la Independencia Nacional y 75 Aniversario de la Revolución Mexicana, 1985.
Lancaster-Jones, Ricardo; "Primo Verdad, Jalisciense Neto", Gaceta de Guadalajara, No. 228, 1959, pp. 8–14.
External links
Biography and analysis
Short biography
Biography
Colonial Mexico
1760 births
1808 deaths
Mexican people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Spanish detention
Politicians from Jalisco
Profundiconus stahlschmidti is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.
Like all species within the genus Profundiconus, these cone snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
Description
The size of the shell varies between 10 mm and 26 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Togian Islands, Sulawesi, Indonesia.
References
Tenorio M.J. & Tucker J.K. (2014) Description of a new Profundiconus from Togian Island, Sulawesi (Indonesia): Profundiconus stahlschmidti sp. nov. (Gastropoda, Conilithidae). Xenophora Taxonomy 2: 36–41
External links
Puillandre N., Duda T.F., Meyer C., Olivera B.M. & Bouchet P. (2015). One, four or 100 genera? A new classification of the cone snails. Journal of Molluscan Studies. 81: 1–23
stahlschmidti
Gastropods described in 2014
The Whip is a various artists compilation album released in March 1983 by Kamera Records. In 1993 the collection was reissued with an extended track listing as a single-disc and double-disc set. Since its release the album has developed a cult following.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of The Whip.
Ben Addison – cover art, illustrations
Peter Heur – executive-producer (2001 reissue)
Connie James – photography
Judson Leach – mastering (2001 reissue)
Dean Naleway – executive-producer (2001 reissue)
Pat Nelson – management
Dave Roberts – production, compiling, design
Iggy Vamp – photography (1993 reissue)
Release history
References
External links
1983 compilation albums
Cleopatra Records compilation albums
Jungle Records compilation albums
Samuel Bell Waugh (1814 in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania – 1885, in Janesville, Wisconsin) was a 19th-century American portrait, landscape, and moving panorama painter. Their portrait subjects included Presidents Abraham Lincoln and Ulysses S. Grant.
Biography
They were born in 1814 in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, then part of the Mercer County, Pennsylvania. According to some reports, their father, James Waugh, was a pioneer-settler in New Wilmington where they ran the first general store. Little is known about Samuel's early life and education. It was suggested that they worked in a paint shop in Pittsburgh and also took painting lessons from J. R. Smith, who advertised themselves as the "Scenic Artist of the Pittsburgh Theater". They joined their brother John in Toronto in 1833. In 1834, they displayed their paintings at the exhibition of the Society of Artists and Amateurs of Toronto where they were judged "among the very best portraits." In Toronto, they became a friend of already established American painter also hailing from Mercer County, James Bowman. They both started to plan a trip to Rome, Italy, but Bowman changed their mind and instead decided to settle in Detroit, and Waugh remained in Canada relocating to Montreal. They went to Italy in late 1836 or early 1837 staying in Rome and Naples until 1841 or 1842. Their portrait of the Danish sculptor Bertel Thorvaldsen (1838) buttressed their reputation as an accomplished artist and eased their transition to Philadelphia where they established themselves as a leading portrait and landscape painter. Sculptor Thomas Crawford and painter James Edward Freeman might have aided them in this process.
In 1849, Waugh debuted in Philadelphia their first Italian moving panorama, Mirror of Italy, or Grand Tour through Italy, which was based on their Italian sketches; it became a success and toured different American cities for six years. Their second panorama, Italia, depicting a voyage from Boston to Italy, opened in 1854.
On 28 September 1885, Waugh died while visiting their sister in Janesville, Wisconsin. In a eulogy, the National Academy characterized Waugh as one of its "earlier and highly respected members."
Family
Their daughter from first marriage to Sarah Lendenhall, Ida Waugh (1846-1919), was an award-winning figure painter, and their portrait of Dr. Paul J. Sartain received the 1896 Norman W. Dodge prize at the National Academy; they also illustrated children's books written by their step-brother's tutor Amy Ella Blanchard. Their second wife, Mary Eliza Young Waugh, was a miniature painter. Their son Frederick Judd Waugh (1861–1940), born in Bordentown, New Jersey, is best remembered as a marine painter. Their grandson, Frederick Coulton Waugh, was also an artist, known for their work on the comic strip Dickie Dare. Their nephew, Henry W. Waugh (1835-1865), was an actor and scene and landscape painter. The Waughs owned a house in Bordentown, New Jersey overlooking the Delaware River where they spent many summers.
Recognition
Waugh was one of the leading portrait painters in Philadelphia during their lifetime and was known nationally for their Italian moving panoramas. Waugh exhibited frequently at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts and the Artists' Fund Society of Philadelphia, the National Academy of Design in New York, and the Boston Aethenaeum. Their traveling panoramas, Mirror of Italy, or Grand Tour through Italy and Italia, were well received by American public. In 1847, they became an honorary member of the National Academy of Design and Toronto Society of Arts.
Gallery
References
External links
Samuel Bell Waugh, 1814-1885, National Academy Museum, New York
View the artist: Samuel Bell Waugh
American Gallery: Samuel Bell Waugh
1814 births
1885 deaths
People from Mercer, Pennsylvania
19th-century American painters
Painters from Pennsylvania
American male painters
19th-century American male artists
Jordan Kerr (born 26 October 1979, in Adelaide) is a retired Australian professional tennis player.
Kerr reached a career high ATP singles ranking of World No. 356, which they achieved on 7 August 2000. Additionally, they reached a career high ATP doubles ranking of World No. 23, achieved on 18 August 2008.
Kerr represented Australia in the men's doubles at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, losing in the opening round to the eventual silver medallists from Sweden.
Kerr was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
2012
Kerr played for the Philadelphia Freedoms of World Team Tennis that summer. It was their first season playing for the WTT. The Freedoms competed in 14 matches this season, including seven home matches played at The Pavilion at Villanova University.
ATP Career Finals
Doubles: 15 (9 titles, 6 runner-ups)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
Doubles: 61 (32–29)
Performance timelines
Doubles
Mixed doubles
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Australian male tennis players
Olympic tennis players of Australia
Tennis players from Adelaide
Tennis players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Australian Institute of Sport tennis players
Jessica Lisa Camacho (born November 26, 1982) is an American actor.  They are known for their recurring role as Gypsy in The CW superhero series The Flash. Camacho also starred on the second season of the NBC drama series Taken.
Early life
Born in Chicago, Camacho got their first taste of acting when they took an acting class at the suggestion of a friend. They instantly fell in love with the craft and moved to San Francisco, where they supported themselves as a waiter while taking night classes at the renowned American Conservatory Theater. They went on to work in theatre and television in Chicago, where they were able to obtain their Screen Actors Guild membership card before settling full time in Los Angeles.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1982 births
21st-century American actores
Hispanic and Latino American actores
Living people
Zatrephes carmesina is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Walter Rothschild in 1909. It is found in Brazil.
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1909
Oscar Heisserer (18 July 1914 – 7 October 2004) was a French footballer.
Born in Schirrhein, Alsace-Lorraine, they played for RC Strasbourg, and appeared for France in the 1938 World Cup, where they scored a goal. They died in Strasbourg.
References
Profile
Profile and stats
1914 births
2004 deaths
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Alsace
France international footballers
French football managers
French footballers
French people of German descent
Ligue 1 players
Olympique Lyonnais managers
Olympique Lyonnais players
People from Alsace-Lorraine
Sportspeople from Bas-Rhin
Racing Club de France Football players
RC Strasbourg Alsace managers
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
Sisu KB-124 was a two-axle lorry and special vehicle chassis made by the Finnish heavy vehicle manufacturer Suomen Autoteollisuus (SAT). It was a six-tonne delivery lorry which was developed to follow the KB-24. The KB-124 was produced from 1961 until 1968, when it was replaced by the similar KB-121 with increased permitted load. Production ceased in about 1972.
The marketing name for the vehicle was Nalle-Sisu, "Teddy-Bear-Sisu". In addition to lorries, the chassis was bodied as fire engines, mobile shops and small buses by coachbuilders.
Development
The old-fashioned looking cabin of the KB-24 was modernised in the KB-124 and made more spacious to make it competitive with the Volvo Snabbe. As a drawback, the vehicle lost a part of its key strength, agility. The new Nalle could not be driven through some of the tightest curves, which the KB-24 still could handle.
The total weight of the truck was increased by to and the model name was changed from KB-124 to KB-121 in 1968, after recommendation from the Ministry of Transport and Public Works.
Production
The main customers were Finnish government institutions. At the beginning of November 1968 the State Council approved an order of 50–60 Nalle-Sisus, of which 34 units were for Post and Telegraph Administration, 15 for the State Railways, and few units were for other public institutions. Initially the State Railways had suggested purchasing Fargo FK 500 lorries instead because their unit price was just 16 200 marks, instead of Sisu's 20 612 marks. However, the domestic origin weighed in favour of Sisus.
Selecting the domestic option was not self-evident. At the time, there were many news articles for and against the domestic options. In 1971 the state chose to buy 53 Fargos for a total of 1.2 million marks; the minister of transport, K. F. Haapasalo, commented that the domestic vehicle production was "small-time business".
SAT tried to end the Nalle production several times, but each time some government institution decided to order a series of a few dozen units, which the company then produced.
Technical data
Engine
At the beginning the engine selection consisted the same models which were used in the previous KB-24: the utterly outdated, in-house produced four-cylinder 3.5-litre Sisu AMA side valve petrol engine with an output of 70 hp, and four-cylinder 3.6-litre Ford Dagenham diesel with the same output.
A stronger 4-cylinder 4.16-litre Ford Dagenham diesel with 84 horsepower was introduced in 1967.
Chassis and transmission
The frame side beams are U-profile that are high and wide, and produced from thick steel. The frame width measured from outer edge is .
The clutch with diameter is dry single-plate type and features torsional damping. The gearbox includes four speed forward and reverse; the second, third and fourth gear are with synchromesh. The transmission shaft has two universal joints. The rear axle has a hypoid gear set.
The forged front axle beam is I-profile shape and there is a drop in the middle. The axles are produced by Kirkstall. Suspension is carried out by leaf springs long and wide. Both front and rear axle are equipped with telescopic shock absorbers. The standard wheel size is 7.50 – 16" and 5.50 – 20" was available as an option.
The service brake consists of hydraulically operated drum brakes, which are same size on the front and the rear axle. Initially a dual-circuit system with vacuum servo was optional; later servo became standard. The handbrake works mechanically.
Steering system is worm gear type.
Cabin and superstructures
The full-steel cabin used on lorry models represents own production of SAT. Compared to the previous model, it was more upholstered and better insulated. In cabin design the producer had paid attention on good visibility. The windscreen is split and both halves are curved. Both sides have separate windscreen wipers. An extended five-seat cabin was available as a special order.
The electrical system is 12-volt and the vehicle is equipped with an 84-Ah battery. A 146-Ah battery was available as an option. In earlier models the fuel tank capacity is and it is placed on the right side. Later it was placed on the left side and the capacity was . The bus chassis were delivered with a tank which was optionally available for lorries as well.
Dimensions and weights
Characteristics
The platform width of was good for agility, but became problematic when standard pallets became more common. The contemporary standard pallets could not be placed two-across the width. The State Railways planned to modify the vehicles by replacing the platforms with the wide type, but the plan was abandoned.
Sources
References
Kb124
Vehicles introduced in 1961
Nardò is a small town and comune in the southern Italian region of Apulia.
Nardo may also refer to:
People
Nardo di Cione (died c. 1366), Italian painter, sculptor and architect
Don Nardo (born 1947), American historian, composer and writer
Giovanni Domenico Nardo (1802–1877), Italian naturalist
Leonardo Colella (born 1930), Brazilian footballer also known as Nardo
Other uses
A.C.D. Nardò, an Italian football club based in Nardò, Apulia
Common Spanish name for the tuberose Agave amica (syn. Polianthes tuberosa)
Volkswagen Nardo, a concept automobile
Nardo, a former borough of Trondheim
Nardo (Martian crater), an impact crater on Mars
Elaine Nardo, a character on the TV series Taxi
Nardò Ring, a high speed test track
See also
DiNardo, a list of people with the surname DiNardo or Di Nardo
The Nazino tragedy () was the mass deportation of about 6,700 prisoners to Nazino Island, located on the Ob River in West Siberian Krai, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union (now Tomsk Oblast, Russia), in May 1933. Sent to construct a "special settlement" and to cultivate the island, the deportees were abandoned with only scant supplies of flour for food, little to no tools, and virtually none of the clothing or shelter necessary to survive the harsh Siberian climate.
Conditions on Nazino Island deteriorated quickly and resulted in widespread disease, violence, and cannibalism. Within thirteen weeks, over 4,000 of the deportees had died or disappeared, and the majority of the survivors were in ill health. Those who attempted to leave were killed by armed guards.
The original report on the incident was made by Vasily A. Velichko, a Soviet propaganda worker, and passed to Joseph Stalin and to other members of the Politburo, who were noticeably disturbed by its contents. The report remained classified until the human rights organisation Memorial conducted an investigation in 1988, five decades after the events. The tragedy was popularized in 2002, when reports from a September 1933 special commission by the Communist Party were published by Memorial.
Background
In February 1933, Genrikh Yagoda, head of the OGPU secret police, and Matvei Berman, head of the GULAG labor camp system, proposed a self-described "grandiose plan" to Joseph Stalin, the General Secretary of the Soviet Union, to resettle up to two million people to Siberia and the Kazakh ASSR in "special settlements". The deportees, or "settlers", were to bring over a million hectares () of virgin land in the sparsely populated regions into production and become self-sufficient within two years.
Yagoda and Berman's plan was based on the experience of deporting two million kulaks and other agricultural workers to the same areas that had occurred in the previous three years as part of the dekulakization policy. However, unlike the previous plan, resources available to support the new plan were severely limited by an ongoing famine in the Soviet Union. Despite this, the new plan was approved by the Council of People's Commissars on 11 March 1933. Shortly after the plan's approval, the number of prospective deportees was reduced to one million.
Deportees
The original plan targeted several types of kulaks, peasants, "urban elements", people living in the agricultural areas of Soviet Union's western territories such as the Ukrainian SSR, and the Lower Volga, North Caucasus and Black Earth Region in the Russian SFSR. Instead, many of the deportees were people from Moscow, Leningrad, and other cities who had been unable to obtain an internal passport. The passportization campaign in the Soviet Union began with a decision by the Politburo on 27 December 1932 to issue internal passports to all residents of major cities, and one of their objectives was to "cleanse Moscow, Leningrad and the other great urban centers of the USSR of superfluous elements not connected with production or administrative work, as well as kulaks, criminals, and other antisocial and socially dangerous elements."
Deportees were primarily "lumpenproletariat and socially harmful elements", meaning former merchants and traders, peasants who had fled the ongoing famine in the countryside, petty criminals, or anybody who did not fit into the idealized worker class structure. Their backgrounds meant they were not issued passports, and they could be arrested and deported from the cities after a summary administrative procedure. Most of the arrestees were deported within two days. Between March and July 1933, 85,937 people living in Moscow were arrested and deported because they lacked passports, while 4,776 people living in Leningrad were also deported. Those arrested in connection with the cleansing of Moscow prior to 1 May 1933 (the International Workers' Day holiday) were assigned to a transit camp in the city of Tomsk.
Transportation
According to the plan of Yagoda and Berman, the deportees would pass through transit camps at Tomsk, Omsk, and Achinsk. The largest camp was at Tomsk, which had to be rebuilt from scratch, starting in April to hold 15,000 deportees. 25,000 deportees arrived in April even though the camp was not scheduled to be completed until 1 May. River transport to the final labor camps was closed until the start of May until ice on the Ob and Tom Rivers cleared. Most of the first arrivals were kulaks, other agricultural workers, and people from southern Russian cities. The arrival of so many deportees panicked Tomsk authorities, who viewed them as "starving and contagious".
A report by Vassily Arsenievich Velichko, the local Communist Party head in Narymsky District of the West Siberian Krai, gave twenty-two examples of people who had been deported:
A rail convoy holding "underclass" deportees left Moscow on 30 April, and a similar convoy left Leningrad on 29 April, with both arriving on 10 May. The daily food ration during the trip was of bread per person. Criminal groups among the deportees beat the other deportees and stole their food and clothing. The authorities in Tomsk were unfamiliar with urban deportees and expected trouble from them, so decided to send them to the most isolated work sites. Two nights after their arrival in Tomsk, a disturbance broke out as they demanded drinking water, but the riot was put down by mounted troops.
Many of the urban deportees were later sent to Nazino Island (), a river island on the Ob River located north of Tomsk, in a particularly empty part of Western Siberia inhabited by only a small number of indigenous Ostyak people. Four river barges, which were designed to haul timber, were filled with about 5,000 deportees on 14 May 1933. About a third of the deportees were criminals who were sent in order to "decongest the prisons". About half were so-called lumpenproletarians from Moscow and Leningrad. The authorities who were to be in charge of the labor camps were first informed that they would be sent on 5 May. These authorities had never worked with urban deportees and had no resources or supplies to support them. The deportees were kept below decks on the barges and apparently fed a daily ration of of bread per person. Twenty tons of flour – about per person – were also transported, but the barges contained no other food, cooking utensils, or tools. All supervisory personnel, two commanders, and fifty guards were newly recruited and had no shoes or uniforms.
Nazino Island
The barges unloaded their passengers during the afternoon of 18 May, on Nazino Island, a swampy island about long and wide. There was no roster of the disembarking deportees, but on arrival 322 women and 4,556 men were counted, plus 27 bodies of those who died during the trip from Tomsk. Over a third of the deportees were too weak to stand on arrival. About 1,200 additional deportees arrived on 27 May. A fight broke out and guards fired on the deportees as the twenty tons of flour were deposited on the island and distribution began. The flour was moved to the shore opposite the island and distribution was tried again the next morning, with another fight and more firing resulting. Afterward, all flour was distributed via "brigadiers" who collected flour for their brigade of about 150 people. The brigadiers were often criminals who abused their privileges and ate everything themselves. Initially there were no ovens to bake bread on, so the deportees ate the flour mixed with river water, which led to dysentery. Some deportees made primitive rafts to try to escape, but most of the rafts collapsed and hundreds of corpses washed up on the shore below the island. Guards hunted and killed other escapees as if they were hunting animals for sport. Because of the lack of any transportation to the rest of the country except upstream to Tomsk, and the harshness of life in the taiga, any other escapees who made it across the river and evaded the guards were ultimately presumed dead.
Shortly after the deportees had already arrived on Nazino Island, the Yagoda and Berman plan was rejected by Stalin.
Order on the island quickly broke down, and it devolved into chaos: the majority of the population were city dwellers, most of whom knew nothing about basic agricultural practices such as clearing and cultivation that would make the island properly habitable. The sparsity of resources led to gangs forming, who began to terrorize and dominate weaker settlers. People were frequently murdered in fights over food, money, and the bodies of those in possession of anything of value such as gold tooth fillings and crowns were often looted. The latter were used for exchange for food and cigarettes by gang members.
In the meantime the guards established their own reign of terror, extorting settlers and executing people for minor offences despite being apathetic towards the gangs. The guards were also assigned to keep the settlers in and killed people who attempted to escape. Even the doctors sent to monitor the island's population, who were supposed to have protection, began to fear for their lives. The lack of proper food and the frequency of death by late May led to cannibalism becoming widespread, to the point that settlers eventually began murdering individuals for the sole purpose of consuming them.
On 21 May, the three health officers counted seventy new deaths, with signs of cannibalism observed in five cases. Over the next month, guards arrested about fifty people for cannibalism.
Aftermath
It is evident that it was homicidal intention that caused the tragedy. Additionally, it was a significant example of how things could go badly due to lack of planning.The dire situation on Nazino Island was finally ended by Soviet authorities in early June, when the settlement was dissolved and the surviving 2,856 deportees were transferred to smaller settlements upstream on the Nazina River, leaving 157 deportees who could not be moved from the island for health reasons. Despite the settlement being dissolved, several hundred more of the deportees died during the transfer. People who survived the transfer found themselves with few tools, little food, and facing an outbreak of typhus. Most deportees refused to work in the new settlements due to their previous treatment.
In a period of thirteen weeks, of the roughly 6,000 deportee settlers intended for Nazino Island, between 1,500 to 2,000 had died due to starvation, exposure, disease, murder, or accidental death. Another 2,000 settlers had disappeared and their whereabouts were untraceable, so they were presumed dead. The death tolls include people who either died or disappeared during their transportation to or from the island.
In early July, new settlements were constructed by the authorities using non-deportee labor, but only 250 Nazino Island settlers were transferred to these. Instead 4,200 new deportees who arrived from Tomsk were housed in these settlements. The report on the events which was sent to Stalin by Velichko was distributed by Lazar Kaganovich to members of the Politburo, and was preserved in an archive in Novosibirsk. It stated that 6,114 "outdated elements" arrived on the island in May 1933, and at least 27 people died during the river transport. There was no shelter on the island; it snowed the first night, and no food was distributed for four days. On the first day 295 people were buried. Velichko's report claimed only 2,200 people survived out of about 6,700 (6100 and additional 500–600 people) deportees that they calculated had arrived from Tomsk. The report resulted in a commission by the Communist Party to study the affair. In October, the commission estimated that of the roughly 2,000 survivors from Nazino Island, half were ill and bedridden and that only about 200 to 300 were physically capable of working. There were attempts by local officials and guards at the island to dispute Velichko's report but were instead reprimanded, receiving prison sentences ranging between twelve months to three years.
The events that occurred at Nazino Island highlighted issues with Soviet colonization projects, and the Soviet leadership began to doubt their quality and efficiency. In 1933 alone, there were 367,457 known untraceable "special resettlers", of which 151,601 were dismissed and 215,856 simply disappeared from their settlements. Nazino Island directly led to the end of large scale settlement plans in the Soviet Union, and to the end of using deportees from "urban déclassé elements" and criminal backgrounds for future settlement plans.
Rediscovery
After the initial investigations in late 1933, the events at Nazino Island were largely forgotten as they were not made public, and only a small number of survivors, government officials, and eyewitnesses knew of their occurrence. In 1988, at the time of the glasnost policy in the Soviet Union, details of the Nazino affair first became available to the general public through the efforts of the human rights group Memorial.
In 1989, an eyewitness reported to Memorial:
The French historian Nicolas Werth, who earlier co-authored The Black Book of Communism, published the book Cannibal Island about the affair in 2006. It was translated into English in 2007. In 2009 a documentary (Cannibal Island) was made, based on the book.
Nazino Island, now located in Alexandrovsky District of Tomsk Oblast, Russia, is also called "Death Island" (, ) or "Cannibal Island" due to the events there.
See also
Gulag
Forced settlements in the Soviet Union
Mass killings under Communist regimes
Population transfers in the Soviet Union
Notes
Sources
1933 in the Soviet Union
Political repression in the Soviet Union
Incidents of cannibalism
Forced migration in the Soviet Union
Deaths by starvation
1933 disasters
Tomsk Oblast
Davāzdah Imām, also known as The Shrine of the Twelve Imams, is an 11th-century mausoleum and ziyarat (shrine) in the Fahadan quarter of Yazd, Iran. It is the earliest-dated building in Yazd. It is adjacent to Zendan-e Eskandar (Alexander's Prison). The building is made of brick, and the inside bears inscriptions of the names of The Twelve Imams (who are not, despite its name, buried in the mausoleum).
References
Ziyarat
Buildings and structures in Yazd
Ato Jabari Boldon (born 30 December 1973) is a Trinidadian former track and field athlete, politician, and four-time Olympic medal winner. They hold the Trinidad and Tobago national record in the 50, 60 and 200 metres events with times of 5.64, 6.49 and 19.77 seconds respectively, and also the Commonwealth Games record in the 100 m. They also held the 100m national record at 9.86s, having run it four times until Richard Thompson ran 9.85s on 13 August 2011.
After retiring from their track career, Boldon was an Opposition Senator in the Trinidad and Tobago Parliament, representing the United National Congress from 2006–2007. Boldon works as an NBC Sports television broadcast analyst for track and field.
Career
Early life and junior career
Boldon was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago to a Jamaican mother, and Trinidadian father, Hope and Guy Boldon. They attended Fatima College (Secondary School) in Trinidad before leaving for the United States at age fourteen. In December 1989, as a soccer player at Jamaica High School in Queens, New York City, head track and field coach Joe Trupiano noticed their sprinting abilities during a soccer practice session.
In their first track season at age 16, Boldon finished with 21.20 seconds in the 200 metres and 48.40 seconds in the 400 metres, recording a double win at the Queens County Championships in 1990, and earning MVP honours. After transferring for their final year from Jamaica High to Piedmont Hills High School in San Jose, California, Boldon was selected to the San Jose Mercury News' Santa Clara all-county soccer team. They also continued to sprint, placing third in the 200 m at the CIF California State Meet in 1991. Athletics became their primary focus and they won the Junior Olympic Title that summer in Durham, North Carolina, in 200 m.
At 18, Boldon represented Trinidad and Tobago at 100 metres and 200 m in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona but did not qualify in the first round of either event. Boldon returned to the junior circuit, winning the 100 m and 200 m titles at the IAAF World Junior Championships in Athletics in Seoul, South Korea to become the first double sprint champion in World Junior Championships history.
Boldon was also an NCAA Champion while enrolled as a sociology major at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1995 in the 200 m. In 1996, they secured an NCAA 100 m Championship in Eugene, Oregon in the final race of their collegiate career, setting an NCAA meet record of 9.92. Boldon also held the collegiate 100 m record with 9.90 s from 1996 until it was broken by Travis Padgett, who ran 9.89s, in 2008. Ngonidzashe Makusha later equalled this record at the 2011 NCAA Championships in Des Moines, Iowa
Senior athletics
Boldon won their first international senior-level medal at the 1995 World Championships, taking home the bronze in the 100 m. At the time, they were the youngest athlete ever at 21 years of age to win a medal in that event. The following year at the 1996 Summer Olympics, they again placed third in the 100 m and 200 m events, both behind world records. In 1997, they won the 200 m at the World Championships in Athens, Greece; their country's first world title in the Athletics World Championships. This made them one of only a few male sprinters to win both a World Junior and World Senior title.
The following year saw Boldon reaching the peak of their career, setting a new personal best and national record of 9.86 s in the 100 m at the Mt. SAC Relays in Walnut, California on 19 April and repeating the feat in Athens on 17 June. They picked up gold in the 100 m at the 1998 Commonwealth Games held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, setting a record time of 9.88 s, beating Namibia's Frankie Fredericks (9.96 s) and Barbados' Obadele Thompson (10.00 s). The Commonwealth Games 100 m record remains unbroken.
In 1999, Boldon ran 9.86 s twice in the 100 m before sustaining a serious hamstring injury which forced them to miss the World Championships in Seville – the only Championship they missed in their career due to injury.
A silver medal in the 100 m and a bronze in the 200 m were Boldon's results of the 2000 Summer Olympics, which was a personal victory, considering their comeback from a career-threatening injury the year before. This win made them the most successful individual Olympic medallist from Trinidad and Tobago with four Olympic medals.
In 2001, Boldon tested positive at an early-season relay meet for the stimulant ephedrine, and was given a warning, but was not suspended or sanctioned, since ephedrine is a substance found in many over the counter remedies, and Boldon had been treating a cold. "It is in no way something where the blame is laid on the athlete," said IAAF General Secretary István Gyulai of the positive result.
Also in 2001, at the World Championships in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, Boldon finished fourth and out of the medals in the 100 m with 9.98 s, and then ran the second leg of their country's 4 x 100-metre relay, finishing third in the finals. This was Trinidad and Tobago's first 4 x 100 m relay medal in either World or Olympic competition and Boldon states that making national history with this team of young men (the average age of their teammates was 19) was their greatest accomplishment in their career. The colours of their 2001 World Championship medals would change in 2005 as both their placings were improved – they received bronze in the 100 m and the bronze relay medals were upgraded to silver after all the times and performances of the American sprinter Tim Montgomery (who was second in the 100 m and won the 4 x 100 m with the US team) were nullified due to serious doping violations. That brought Boldon's career total to four World Championship medals, to match their four Olympic medals.
Boldon was seriously injured in a head-on crash with a drunk driver in Barataria, Trinidad and Tobago, in July 2002, and never again ran sub-ten seconds in the 100 m or sub-twenty seconds for 200 m, something they had done on 37 separate occasions prior to 2002. In 2006, a judge in Trinidad found that Boldon was not at fault in that accident, and they were paid substantial damages as a result. That accident left Boldon with a serious hip injury, and they were a shadow of their former self as a sprinter. In 2004 at the Athens Olympic Games, they failed to advance out of the first round of the 100 m heats but captained their country's 4 x 100 m relay team to their first-ever Olympic final, where they finished seventh.
Boldon is the eighth person to win a medal for Trinidad and Tobago at the Olympics and currently has the third most wind-legal sub-10 second 100 m performances in history with 28, behind former training partner Maurice Greene, who has 52, and Jamaica's former 100 m World Record holder Asafa Powell, who leads with 97.
On 20 April 2008 The Observer published the contents of a letter believed to be by Boldon to John Smith, their former coach, accusing Smith, Maurice Greene of betraying them by obtaining banned drugs without their knowledge, lying about Greene competing without drugs and damaging their own career. But for a quote on the matter to HellenicAthletes.com, a website they wrote for at the time, Boldon has had no further official comment.
Broadcasting
At the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain, Boldon could not compete due to a serious injury. The British Broadcasting Corporation hired them to do commentary and analysis for their coverage of those Championships. They proved popular with the audience and was invited back as a track-side analyst for the BBC coverage of the U.S. Olympic Track and Field Trials in 2000, from Sacramento, California.
From 2005 to 2009, Boldon was in the broadcast booth for the U.S. Television network CBS as part of their commentary team for the NCAA Outdoor Track and Field Championships. In June 2007, they made their debut for NBC Sports as an analyst for the 2007 U.S. National Championships, and they also are an integral part of Versus and NBC's coverage of 2007 Osaka World Championships. In 2008, they were the sprint analyst at the US Olympic Track and Field Trials and the 2008 Summer Olympics for NBC Sports. Boldon was widely praised for their NBC work by the press, including the Los Angeles Times, USA Today and The New York Times which called them "one of NBC's best analysts, a blend of athletic smarts, charisma, precise analysis and brashness." In 2010, Boldon joined the only U.S. track and field broadcast team they had not previously been a regular part of, ESPN, after the departure of their long-time analyst, Larry Rawson. In 2012, they continued their role as the NBC track and field analyst for the 2012 Summer Olympics. In 2013, for their 2012 London Olympic commentary, Boldon became the first and only track and field broadcaster in US history to be nominated for a Sports Emmy Award. They were nominated in the category of Outstanding Sports Personality, Sports Event Analyst. Cris Collinsworth, their friend and colleague from NBC Sports' Sunday Night Football, eventually won the Emmy, their fifth win in a row. Alongside Tom Feuer, Boldon has served as a game analyst for Track & Field events for the Pac-12 Network
In 2017, Boldon joined NASCAR on NBC broadcast as a features contributor.
Politics
Boldon was sworn in on 14 February 2006 as a Senator representing the Opposition United National Congress following the resignation of former Senator Roy Augustus, who resigned on 13 February in a dispute over the leadership style of then Leader of the Opposition Basdeo Panday. Boldon resigned on 11 April 2007 after 14 months as a senator, also citing issues with Panday's leadership ability.
Media
In 2006, Boldon wrote, produced and directed a 73-minute DVD film entitled Once in a Lifetime: Boldon in Bahrain which documented their voyage with fellow fans and Trinidad and Tobago nationals to the Kingdom of Bahrain, where the country's soccer team, the Soca Warriors, defeated Bahrain 1–0 in a playoff to become the smallest country ever to qualify for the FIFA World Cup, qualifying to play at the Germany 2006 tournament.
Coaching
Boldon began coaching Khalifa St. Fort around 2012 and helped them improve their 100 m from 12.3 to 11.5 seconds after one month. St. Fort won the silver medal at the 2015 World Youth Championships in Athletics and a bronze in the relay at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics.
Personal life
Boldon married entertainment executive/manager Cassandra Mills in 1998 after a three-year courtship. Boldon and Mills divorced in 2007. They had no children together. They have one daughter from a previous relationship. They had a daughter with news anchor Neki Mohan in 2007. They split up in 2018. They reside in Florida. Boldon also holds U.S. citizenship.
In 2000, Boldon was made a sports ambassador by the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago and given a diplomatic passport.  They are widely viewed as one of the all-time leading sportsmen in the history of the Caribbean, as well as one of its most internationally recognizable spokespersons. When Trinidad and Tobago hosted the 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship in association football, one of the new stadiums constructed for the tournament was located in Couva and named Ato Boldon Stadium. The only other island sprinter to have a stadium named after them is 1976 Olympic champion Hasely Crawford (Hasley Crawford Stadium located in the capital Port of Spain).
Boldon is a qualified pilot, having earned their private pilot's license in August 2005.  They are a member of the AOPA, Aircraft Owners and Pilot's Association.
Achievements
On 4 November 2011, Boldon was inducted into the UCLA Athletics Hall of Fame.
Competition record
Personal bests
All information taken from IAAF profile.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Track and field athletes from San Jose, California
Trinidad and Tobago male sprinters
Trinidad and Tobago sportsperson-politicians
Olympic athletes of Trinidad and Tobago
Olympic silver medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Olympic bronze medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games silver medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2003 Pan American Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Trinidad and Tobago
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Trinidad and Tobago
World Athletics Championships medalists
UCLA Bruins men's track and field athletes
Jamaica High School (New York City) alumni
Members of the Senate (Trinidad and Tobago)
United National Congress politicians
Recipients of the Chaconia Medal
Olympic silver medalists in athletics (track and field)
Olympic bronze medalists in athletics (track and field)
Goodwill Games medalists in athletics
World Athletics Championships winners
Competitors at the 1998 Goodwill Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Chuck Jordan may refer to:
Chuck Jordan (automobile designer) (1927–2010), General Motors car designer
Chuck Jordan (game designer), American video game designer
Charles Jordan (government official), Armenian architect and government official
See also
Charles Jordan (disambiguation)
The 1957–58 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1957–58 college men's basketball season.
Roster
Wilt Chamberlain
Ron Loneski
Bob Billings
Bob Hickman
Al Donaghue
Monte Johnson
Jim Hoffman
Gary Thompson
Lyn Kindred
John Cleland
Jerry Johnson
Gary Mowry
Larry Kelley
Art Muegler
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
René Morel (1908-1974) was a Général de division of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion.
Military career
René was called for service at the 158th Infantry Regiment (), on 15 October 1929.
Admitted to follow the course of reserve officer candidates of the special military school (), they were nominated as reserve Sous-lieutenant in October 1930. They were promoted to the rank of Lieutenant in 1932.
They subscribed an engagement of one year at the 152nd Infantry Regiment () with the rank of Sergent (Sergeant).
Authorized to serve in situation activity, they resigned from their rank and integrated the Saint-Maixent Infantry and Combat Tank Military School (). They were nominated as an active Sous-lieutenant, in October 1933. They were assigned to the 6th company, then the CAI, and at last to the 2nd company of the 35th Infantry Regiment () at Belfort.
In February 1939, they joined the mounted company of the 1st Foreign Infantry Regiment 1er REI at Sidi bel-Abbes. Designated to be part of the 13th Light Mountain Demi-Brigade of the French Foreign Legion of the expeditionary corps of Norway, they combat engaged at Bjervick and at Narvik in quality as a section chief () of the machine gun company. They were cited.
In England, they decided to pursue combat and rallied to général Charles de Gaulle, where they joined the Free French Forces with their unit. They followed the tracks of the 14th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion 14e DBLE then the 13th Demi-Brigade of Foreign Legion 13e DBLE at Dakar, Cameroun, then participated to the campaign of Eretria at the head of the 2nd company which they assumed the commandment. They distinguished themselves during the course of opening violent combats. Wounded by a bullet during combats for the apprehension of Cheren, they refused to be evacuated as long as their unit was not relieved. They were evacuated to the French hospital of Cairo.
From January 1942 to May 1943, they combat engaged in Libya, Cyrenaica, Tripoli and at Bir Hakeim. On 27 May 1942 the strong hold point which they were commanding received the principal shock attack of 70 tanks. A part of these tanks penetrated their position and fired all the way in, reaching their command post. In response, the attack was halted by the artillery cannon firings of their company, with 32 tanks destroyed and very heavy losses inflicted on the enemy. On 10 June they were wounded by mortar fire, and wounded again on 11 June by bullets and mortar bombs. They refused to be attained to and healed. During the offensive of October 1942 which allowed Allied Forces to retake the initiative on the theatre of the Middle East (), they were wounded again by bullets during combats of Himeimat ().
Promoted to Chef de bataillon (Commandant - Major) in June 1943, they participated to the campaign of Tunisia and the campaign of Italy. They were wounded by shell blasts at Monte Leucio, on 23 May 1944.
In August 1944, they disembarked at Cavalaire and went back on the valley of the Rhone until Lyon and combat engaged at the Vosges.
Lieutenant-colonel in June 1946, they were assigned to the Military Cabinet of the War Minister (), then to the State Secretariat of the Armed Forces ().
In August 1949, they were the regimental commander of the 13th Demi-Brigade of Foreign Legion 13e DBLE, and commanded the sector of Hoc Mon in Cochinchine.
Colonel on 1 January 1951 they were repatriated by end of colonial tour.
In September, they were nominated to the command of the general staff headquarters of Supreme Allied Armed Forces () in Europe, the SHAPE. After having followed the 5th Session of the Defense NATO College, them served again in Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe SHAPE.
In October 1953, they were designated as assistant () to the general Commandant of the subdivision of Orléansville, then to the general Commandant zone-west Algéroise and the 9th Infantry Division ().
Designated as Inspector of the Foreign Legion in January 1960, they were admitted to the 1st section of officer generals in the month of May of the same year. In that post, they avoided an attempt by the OAS.
In December 1964, they received the commandment of the subdivision of the Alpes-Maritimes at Nice, then that of the 64th Military Division.
Général de division attained by the age limit of their rank, they left active service on 6 December 1968 and integrated the 2nd section of officer generals.
Général René Morel died on 8 May 1974.
Recognitions and Honors
Grand croix of the Légion d'honneur
Croix de la Liberation
Grand croix de l'ordre national du Mérite
Military Cross
Distinguished Service Order
Norway Croix de Guerre (with sword)
Belgium Croix de Guerre (1 palm)
Médaille de la Résistance
Numerous other commemorative medals.
They totalized 12 citations, 10 out of which at the orders of the armed forces.
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Paul Gardy
Pierre Jeanpierre
Jacques Lefort
Pierre Darmuzai
Saharan Méharistes Companies (méharistes sahariennes)
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations (BCAAM)
1908 births
1974 deaths
Taine Pechet is a thoracic surgeon and Chief of Surgery at the University of Pennsylvania's Presbyterian Medical Center. Pechet has made substantial contributions to the field of thoracic surgery. They reside in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Education
Harvard Medical School, Class of 1992
Brigham and Women's Hospital, Residency, General Surgery, 1992–1999
Washington University, Fellowship, Thoracic Surgery, 1999–2001
Areas of specialization
Pechet specializes in lung cancer, lung surgery, video assisted thoracic surgery (vats), palliative care.
Board certifications
Pechet is board certified in the following areas:
Surgery, 2000
Thoracic and Cardiac Surgery, 2002
Awards
Pechet was recognized:
In Philadelphia Magazine's 2011-2016 Top Docs issues
By America's Top Doctors (2013, 2014)
Other appointments
Pechet is currently Chief of Surgery at Penn Presbyterian Medical Center. They see patients there and at Penn Medicine Cherry Hill, in Cherry Hill NJ.
References
Living people
American thoracic surgeons
Harvard Medical School alumni
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Padraic Davis is an Irish Gaelic football manager and former player. They played for the Fr Manning Gaels club and the Longford county team. They also managed the Longford county team.
Playing career
Davis played for the Fr Manning Gaels club, winning four Longford Senior Football Championships, three consecutively from 1996–98, and again in 2001.
They played for Longford for 12 years from 1995 to 2007. They were Longford's leading forward for many years in the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship and one of the greatest players the county has ever produced. They won an O'Byrne Cup with Longford in 2000.
Davis played for Leinster in the Railway Cup (1998–2004), winning it on two occasions.
Managerial career
After retiring from playing Davis began managing at club and inter-county level. In 2010, they managed their home club St Vincent's to a Longford Minor Football Championship. That same year they were the forwards coach to the Longford minor team which won the Leinster Minor Football Championship. They were manager of the Longford under-21 team, which they led to a Leinster Final in 2011, but lost out to Wexford by a point. They were also Longford junior manager during this time and was a coach/selector with the Longford senior team in 2011, 2012 and 2013, winning Division 3 and 4 National League titles in that period.
In 2015, Davis became manager of Mohill GAA in County Leitrim. During three years at the helm, they won two Senior Championships, two U-21 Championships, as well as three consecutive Senior Leagues.
Davis took over as manager of the senior Longford footballers in the latter part of 2018. They were given a two-year extension in 2020 until the end of 2022. But they quit at the end of the 2021 season after losing to Meath by 22 points, referring to their family, their "property market" job and the difficulties of managing at that level.
References
http://hoganstand.com/Longford/ArticleForm.aspx?ID=45481
http://hoganstand.com/ArticleForm.aspx?ID=144588
https://web.archive.org/web/20120403212742/http://www.longfordleader.ie/sport/gaelic-games/padraic_davis_very_wary_of_wexford_1_2548119
http://www.padraicdavis.ie/
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Fr Manning Gaels Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football managers
Leinster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Longford inter-county Gaelic footballers
The Karachi Football League is a semi-professional football league based in Karachi, Sindh province. It is currently the most popular semi-professional football league in Pakistan. The 40,000-capacity Peoples Football Stadium in Karachi is used for some major games.
History
The Karachi Football League was created by Karachi United and began its inaugural season in 2003–04 as the "All Karachi Clubs League". From 2003–04 until 2008–09, the league was sponsored by "KASB Group of Companies" which was the Title Sponsor of the event for the first six editions. Coca-Cola Pakistan is now the league sponsor.
Format
In 2003-04, the inaugural season saw 10 clubs competing on a single league basis with the famous Lyari based Hyderi Baluch crowned as champions. In the first five seasons, five different clubs won the championship until Shazad Muhammadan won back-to-back titles in 2007-08 and 2008-09 seasons. In the 2008-09 season, the league expanded to 16 clubs, with the top eight clubs competing in a playoff. In 2014-15 season, 20 teams were divided into two groups. After league matches, top four teams from each group progressed into the round-robin Super League phase. The top four teams of the Super League phase then made it to the semi-finals.
Teams
Group A
Karachi United
Baloch Mujahid
Salar Welfare Centre
Khyber Muslim
Burma Mohammedan
Maymar Sports
Islah Baloch
FC Rovers
Young Azizabad
Irfan Memorial Landhi
Group B
Azam Sports
Korangi Baloch Sharafi
Baloch Youth Malir
Jam XI Malir
Maripur Green
Aga Khan Gymkhana
Usmanabad Union
Gulistan Friends Korangi
Malik Star
Wasif Memorial
Winners
2003–04: Hyderi Baloch Club
2004–05: Lyari Labour Welfare Centre
2005–06: Young Ansari
2006–07: Karachi United
2007–08: Shahzad Mohammaden
2008–09: Keamari Mohammaden
2009–10: N/A
2010–11: Baloch Youth Garden
2011–12: Burma Mohammedan
2012–13: N/A
2013–14: N/A
2014–15: Burma Mohammedan
2015–16: N/A
2016–17: N/A
See also
Pakistan Premier League
Pakistan Football Federation
References
External links
Karachi United FC
2011-12 Karachi Football League standings
Football leagues in Pakistan
2004 establishments in Pakistan
Danesh Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,799, in 1,225 families. The rural district has 2 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Tehran Province
Qods County
Cayo Conuco may refer to:
Pinar_del_Río#Cayo_Conuco, a municipality in Pinar del Rio, Cuba
Caibarién#Cayo_Conuco, a small island located seven kilometres from Caibarién, Cuba
Mega Shark vs. Kolossus is a 2015 science fiction film starring Illeana Douglas, Amy Rider and Brody Hutzler.
The film is a sequel in the Mega Shark film series.
Plot
Some time after the events of the previous film, the world's governments institute preparation plans in case another Mega Shark appears; another shark is awakened by Russian miners drilling underwater for red mercury. Meanwhile, a team of prospectors led by a man named Benedict searching for red mercury at the behest of an unknown sponsor enter a mine in Russia, where they discover a secret stock of the substance. One of Benedict's team is unmasked as American agent Moira King, but while a standoff between King and the Russians occurs, a giant robot hidden beneath the mine reawakens. King barely escapes while the robot, Kolossus, destroys the mine.
Dr. Alison Gray proposes to the military the use of their newly developed sonic transmitters, which they believe can influence the shark's behavior, but is rejected in favor of a more aggressive plan laid out by their colleague John Bullock.  They are then summoned by tech mogul and environmentalist Joshua Dane, CEO of DaneTech Industries, who is aware of the government's plans thanks to theirs infiltrating their communications out of distrust for their intentions. Dane suggests that they work together to stop the shark in a more humane fashion and protect the environment. Elsewhere, King recruits desk worker Spencer to assist them in stopping Kolossus. Kolossus is discovered to be a mobile weapon of mass destruction created by the Russians during the Cold War, powered by red mercury and capable of multiple detonations.
The fleet led by Admiral Jackson carries out an attack on the shark, but fails and Dr. Bullock is thrown overboard. Dane and Alison approach on Dane's hydrofoil and offer to assist using Alison's transmitter, but the pod malfunctions and the shark escapes. King and Spencer come across the battle and join forces with Dane and Alison to find Kolossus' creator, Sergei Abramov. When they locate Abramov, they give them a compass and clues to where the technology to control Kolossus can be found. Kolossus arrives and detonates, killing Abramov while the others escape.
Following Abramov's clues, the group locates the laboratory where they created Kolossus, which is now underwater. However, the shark is nearby; as its rampage continues, Admiral Jackson suffers a breakdown and initiates a nuclear launch before committing suicide. Lieutenant Commander Parker manages to override the order, aborting the strike, and King uses an American flag to draw the shark into the inlet where the laboratory is, trapping it. While King, Spencer, Alison and Dane search the laboratory for Kolossus' control device, however, the robot appears and begins fighting with the shark. They find the device and escape the lab just before the battle crushes it. Kolossus approaches Dane's ship, but they manage to connect the controller to Dane's computer system in time to stop it.
With Kolossus under control, Dane betrays the others, revealing that they were Benedict's sponsor and sabotaged Alison's transmitter to prevent the government from killing the shark before they could find red mercury. As they collect the red mercury from Kolossus, the shark attacks again, but they use Kolossus to attach a transmitter to it, bringing the shark under their control as well. Dane broadcasts a message worldwide, announcing that they have control of both Mega Shark and Kolossus and plans to use Kolossus to destroy the cities that produce the most pollution, killing millions in the name of saving the environment. Several governments scramble fighter jets against him, but Dane uses Mega Shark and Kolossus to eliminate them. They then declares to the world that they expect a nuclear strike will come, warning that if they are killed, it will trigger the release of red mercury into the atmosphere, rendering Earth inhospitable for centuries. The US activates the Strategic Defense Initiative satellite, prompting Dane to have Kolossus throw the shark into space, knocking the satellite's laser off target so it hits the moon instead. Dane does not notice that when the shark lands back in the ocean, the transmitter falls off. The shark attacks Kolossus, causing Dane's control system to crash. Kolossus targets the ship; while Alison, King and Spencer - who escaped their bonds earlier - flee, Dane runs onto the beach and is crushed under Kolossus' foot.
Alison, King and Spencer watch from the shore as Mega Shark and Kolossus engage in a vicious final battle. Kolossus finally drags the shark down, wraps around it and detonates its entire remaining supply of red mercury, destroying both creatures. With the crisis over, the three survivors await rescue. Deep underwater, another egg hatches, giving birth to a new Mega Shark. In a post-credits scene, Dr. Bullock is killed by the new shark.
Cast
Illeana Douglas as Dr. Alison Gray
Amy Rider as Moira King
Brody Hutzler as Joshua Dane
Edward DeRuiter as Spencer
Ernest Thomas as Admiral Titus Jackson
Tara Price as Lieutenant Commander Elisha Parker
Jeff Hatch as Dr. John Bullock
Bryan Hanna as Benedict
Patrick Bauchau as Sergei Abramov
Rileah Vanderbilt as Rileah
Tim Abell as Ivan
References
External links
2015 films
American science fiction films
2010s English-language films
2015 direct-to-video films
2015 independent films
The Asylum films
American disaster films
Films set in Russia
American robot films
Murder–suicide in films
Giant monster films
American natural horror films
2010s monster movies
Films about shark attacks
Fictional sharks
American sequel films
Syfy original films
American monster movies
2010s American films
FC Metallurg Pikalyovo () was a Russian football team from Pikalyovo, Leningrad Oblast. It played professionally in 1968–1969, 1994–1995 and 2003. Their best result was 6th place in Zone 8/RSFSR of the Soviet Second League in 1968.
Team name history
1968–2001 FC Metallurg Pikalyovo
2002–2004 FC Pikalyovo
2005 FC Metallurg Pikalyovo
External links
Team history at KLISF
Association football clubs established in 1968
Association football clubs disestablished in 2006
Defunct football clubs in Russia
Sport in Leningrad Oblast
1968 establishments in Russia
2006 disestablishments in Russia
Obetim-Uno is one of the towns that make up the Afor clan in Ndokwa East Local Government Area of Delta State in Nigeria. Its postal code is 322130. The closest major cities include Asaba, Onitsha, Owerri, Warri and Benin.
Obetim Uno is divided into four quarters, namely; Umu-ugbum, Umu-Osonwu, Umu-Obifi, and Umu-Oleke respectively. The town is under the leadership of an Okpala ukwu who is the oldest man in the community.
Populated places in Delta State
Towns in Nigeria
Herochroma yazakii is a species of moth of the family Geometridae first described by Hiroshi Inoue in 1999. It is found in north-eastern India, Nepal, northern Thailand and the Chinese provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan.
References
External links
A study on the genus Herochroma Swinhoe in China, with descriptions of four new species (Lepidoptera: Geometridae: Geometrinae). Acta Entomologica Sinica
Moths described in 1999
Pseudoterpnini
Moths of Asia
The Jersey Arrow is a type of electric multiple unit (EMU) railcar developed for the Pennsylvania Railroad, and used through successive commuter operators in New Jersey, through to NJ Transit. Three models were built, but only the third model is in use today. The series is similar to SEPTA's Silverliner series, but include center doors among other differences in details.
Arrow I
The first series of Arrows (classed MA-1A or PRR MP85E6) were built in 1968-69 by the St. Louis Car Company; 35 were built and purchased by the New Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT). These cars were initially numbered 100–134. These cars were built with higher capacity 3-2 seating which caused grumbling by the passengers at that time.
In 1966 the NJDOT ordered 35 PRR "MP85" class MU cars from St. Louis Car for high speed service between New York and Trenton with a design based on the SEPTA/PSIC (Passenger Service Improvement Corporation) Silverliner III units then under order from St. Louis Car. The first two cars (100 and 101) were delivered in August 1968 and passenger service for the New Jersey Arrows began October 30, 1968. The body and structure (except end sills and bolsters) was all stainless steel. The stainless sheetmetal that made up the sides, ends and roof were load-carrying as part of an integral (monocoque) structure with the stainless center sill.
Although these cars bear some resemblance to the Silverliner III also produced by St. Louis Car at the time, they are very different mechanically. They featured diamond-shaped twin-arm Stemmann pantographs, rounder windows, a right-side operating controls, center doors, and a different body shape. The Arrow I used Westinghouse SCR "Tracpak" propulsion units with 700 HP per car with four motors; while the Silverliners had GE air-cooled Ignitrons .
Car 107 caught fire early in its career and was scrapped. Car 105 was also severely damaged in a collision in the East River Tunnel near New York Penn Station in 1975. It was stored in Sunnyside Yard until the mid 80s, when it was scrapped.
During 1976, 19 of the 33 surviving Arrow Is were rebuilt to be compatible with the new Arrow IIs. This involved the replacement of Symington-Wayne SW800 "hook type" couplers with the Wabco N2A couplers used by subsequent Arrow MUs. As they were rebuilt, they were renumbered 500–533, with car 134 being renumbered 507 to account for the loss of 107.
A further renumbering of the Arrow Is to 1200-1233 was planned, however this was never implemented as the Arrow Is were instead retired. The Arrow Is were stored as the Arrow IIIs arrived from General Electric. All cars were out of service by 1980 due to reliability issues with their Westinghouse control equipment. These problems were a result of poor wiring and frequent electrical grounds.
Comet IB conversion
The Arrow I cars sat unused until 1986. Realizing that the car bodies still had many decades of service left on them, New Jersey Transit made the decision to have them rebuilt into locomotive-hauled coaches, nicknamed Comaro coaches. In 1987 and 1988 30 cars were converted into the Comet IB cab control cars and trailer coaches by Morrison-Knudsen at the Hornell, New York shop. Three Arrow Is, 519, 521 and 523, were heavily damaged by arson, and were salvaged for use in the Comet IB program before being scrapped. The rebuilt Comet IB cars remained in service for two decades (first on Newark Division diesel service, and then transferred to Hoboken Division diesel lines in 2005) before being retired by New Jersey Transit in late 2008, with some now leased or sold, and others since scrapped.
14 have found new life through yet another rebuilding, on Amtrak California (Caltrans) as interim coaches. Cabs were removed from the 12 cab cars, and the interiors rebuilt to resemble Amtrak coaches, with 64-passenger intercity seating installed in place of the old commuter seating. The 14 rebuilt Caltrans Comet IBs were overhauled and delivered between 2013 and 2014 and are in service on the San Joaquin line.
Arrow II
In 1974, General Electric produced 70 Arrow II cars in the married pair format, classed MA-1G. These cars were built in GE's Erie (PA) shops with car shells from Avco. The Arrow IIs were numbered 534–603. They were purchased specifically to replace the ancient PRR MP54s, which were slowly phased out of New Jersey service in late 1977.
The Arrow IIs were constructed following the production of SEPTA's single unit Silverliner IVs, but prior to the Married Pair Silverliner IV units. Indeed, the Arrow II and the Silverliner IV share the same body shell, cab corner air scoops and single-arm Faiveley pantographs, with the primary differences being the shorter air intake hump on the roof, corresponding lack of dynamic brakes, and the inclusion of the high-level center door as on the Arrow I.
One important feature was the 2-2 seating, which was a result of passenger complaint over the 3-2 seating on the Arrow I. The Arrow IIs also featured a toilet in the B-car.
In service, the Arrow IIs were frequently leased to Amtrak for off-hour Clocker trains. From June 1978 until the summer of 1979, the Arrow IIs were leased to MARC, where they bumped the last operating MP54s from service. Cars 590-591 were heavily damaged in a collision at Seabrook, Maryland on June 9, 1978, early in their MARC service, but were later returned to service. From late 1979 until 1982, the Arrow IIs were loaned to Amtrak and were used for Silverliner Service and off-peak Clockers.
Upon the formation of NJ Transit, the Arrow IIs were called back to New Jersey. The Arrow IIs had been well worn during their time with Amtrak, and required a thorough overhaul.
Work began at Morrison Knudsen in January 1983, with the cars receiving several upgrades for compatibility with the Arrow IIIs. Almost every part was rebuilt or upgraded, including brakes, couplers, motors, gearboxes, and electrical gear. Among some of the noticeable changes, the 2-2 seats were replaced with 3-2 seats, increasing the capacity of the A-car from 100 to 119, and the B car from 96 to 113. In addition, the B-car featured a fold up handicap seat. The toilets were also rebuilt. The sliding doors were rebuilt to be compatible with Arrow III circuitry, and to be sensitive to objects they encounter when closing. The window glass was replaced with polycarbonate glazing. End strobes, new marker lights and a new pilot were installed on the cab ends, and the key operated locks were all standardized to match the Erie Lackawanna coach keys as used on the Arrow III. Finally, the main transformers were cleaned of PCBs and replaced with an EPA approved substitute.
The cars were renumbered to 1234–1303, and repainted for NJ Transit as they were out-shopped from late 1983 through 1984.
The Arrow IIs briefly returned to service on the Newark Division, but were ultimately reassigned to the Hoboken Division for the rest of their service lives. In 1997, the decision was made to retire them due to rotting floors and holes in the roofs, with ALP44s and Comet IV coaches (ordered for Midtown Direct service) in push-pull configuration as replacements. Most were scrapped in 2001. Pair 1236–1237, renumbered to 601–602, remains (however split) as part of SEPTA's wire inspection train.
Arrow III
The Arrow IIIs were built in 1977 and 1978 by General Electric in the same fashion as the Arrow IIs. They consist of 200 cars built as married pairs (1334–1533) and 30 single cars (1304–1333). These cars were initially ordered as part of a plan to rehabilitate the NJDOT (Later NJ Transit's) Hoboken division, converting the 3,000 volt DC system to a 25 Kv 60 Hz AC system. However, due to the retirement of the Arrow I Must, and the Arrow IIs frequently being leased to Amtrak and MARC, as well as delays to the rehabilitation of the Hoboken electrification, the Arrow IIIs were assigned to the former Penn Central electrified lines instead. As a result, the Arrow IIs and only a portion of the Arrow III fleet were devoted to the Hoboken division when the electrification work was finally finished in 1984, with the remaining Arrow IIIs being assigned as the only MUs in service on the Northeast Corridor and North Jersey coastline. Due to the lack of an automatic transformer tap changer, the Arrow IIIs cannot switch between line voltages while in service. To prevent confusion, a triangular orange sticker is affixed under the front window of each car, with the current voltage the unit is set to: "12K" for the Newark Division and "25K" for the Hoboken Division. After the North Jersey coastline was changed to 25 kV south of Matawan, MU service to Long Branch was replaced by push-pull trainsets only.
The Arrow III's body shell is similar to the Silverliner IV and Arrow II. However, the Arrow IIIs have some prominent differences, notably the two small air intake blisters (as opposed to the large humps on prior models). The Arrow IIIs also featured the twin-arm Stemmann pantographs as on the Arrow Is, built by the United Knitting Machine corporation. These were replaced with single arm TransTech type pantographs between 2011 and 2014. The large central air scoop over the center of the roof on each cab end is the final major spotting feature. Additionally, the Arrow IIIs saw the return of 3-2 seating.
The Arrow IIIs were given a mid-life overhaul between 1992 and 1995 by ABB. The rebuild replaced the original DC propulsion system with a new solid state AC system that also included higher power traction motors with a total of about 375 hp per two axle truck. The increased power per motor allowed for motors to be eliminated from the truck located under the pantograph in each of the married pairs, reducing the number of powered axles per pair to 6 although raising horsepower to 1125. Single units retained all 4 powered axles with a total of 750 hp. After the rebuild was completed, problems were encountered with both traction motor and axle bearing overheating which lowered the maximum permitted speed in service to 90 MPH, and then 80 MPH, from an initial service speed of 100 MPH.
Prolonged service and future retirement
As of 2013, New Jersey Transit uses Arrow IIIs extensively on the Morris & Essex Lines (Hoboken to/from Gladstone or Dover/Summit), the Montclair-Boonton Line (Montclair State University to/from Hoboken), the Princeton Branch, the North Jersey coastline (New York to/from Rahway or Matawan), and the Northeast Corridor Line (New York to/from Jersey Avenue/Trenton), although in the summer and fall of 2014, many Comet series cars (including Comet V cars) replaced the Arrow III cars for the express service to/from New York, the weekend shuttle service between New York and Secaucus Junction, and service to Rahway, South Amboy, and Matawan on the North Jersey coastline.
During the later years of Arrow III's service, New Jersey Transit had considerations to replace all Arrow IIIs with self-propelled railcars similar in design of the Bombardier Multilevel coach. In December 2018, a contract was awarded to Bombardier for 113 new electric multiple unit coaches, designated as MultiLevel III; 58 units with AC electric propulsion systems and 55 unpowered cars. The contract included options for up to 636 more cars for NJ Transit, as well as options for 250 cars for SEPTA Regional Rail when fully exercised.
References
External links
NJ Transit Rail Operations
Electric multiple units of the United States
25 kV AC multiple units
